THE

Statutes at Large

Anno tricesimo quinto Georgii III. Regis:

Being the FIFTH Session of the Seventeenth Parliament of Great Britain.

VOL. XL. PART I.

THE

Statutes at Large,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's-Inn, Esq.

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XL.

CAMBRIDGE,

PRINTED BY JONH BURGES PRINTER TO THE UNIVERSITY;

(By Assignment from the Executor of Mr. Charles Bathurst,)

FOR J. JOHNSON, IN ST. PAUL'S CHURCH-YARD, G. G. J. & J. ROBINSON, IN PATER-NOSTER ROW, AND D. OGILVY AND CO. IN MIDDLE ROW, HOLBORN, LONDON. 1795.

CUM PRIVILEGIO

A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed anno tricesimo quinto

GEORGII III. Regis:

Being the Fifth Session of the Seventeenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. 1. FOR continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

Cap. 3. To continue, for a limited time, an act, made the last session of parliament, intituled An act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government.

Cap. 4. For enabling his Majesty to prohibit the exportation, and permit the importation, of corn, and for allowing the importation of other articles of provision, for a limited time, without payment of duty.

Cap. 5. For raising a certain number of men, in the several counties in England, for the service of his Majesty's navy.

Cap. 6. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better-payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 7. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 8. For authorising the company of proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal to vary the course of a certain part of the said canal, in the county of Hertford, so as to tender the navigation thereof more safe and convenient; and for making some other amendments and alterations in an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making the said canal.

Cap. 9. For procuring a supply of men from the several ports of this kingdom, for the service of his Majesty's navy.

Cap. 10. For granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on foreign wine and sweets.

Cap. 11. For granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on worts, wash, and other liquors, made in England, «for extracting spirits for home consumption; and for preventing distillers from making use of wheat or wheat flour in making wash for extracting spirits.

Cap. 12. For granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on foreign spirits.

Cap. 13. For granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on tea, coffee, and cocoa nuts.

Cap. 14. For raising the sum of eighteen millions by way of annuities.

Cap. 15. For rendering effectual his Majesty's orders in council of the sixteenth and twenty-first days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, respecting the admission of the effects mentioned in the said orders into the ports of this country, to be warehoused; and for indemnifying all persons who have acted in consequence of such orders.

Cap. 16. For applying certain sums of money, raised in the county of Derby by virtue of several acts of parliament made respecting the militia of this kingdom.

Cap. 17. For appointing of to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, together with those named in two former acts for appointing of of the land tax.

Cap. 18. To repeal an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to enable his Majesty to establish a court of criminal judicature in Norfolk Island; and for better enabling his Majesty to establish such court in the said island.

Cap. 19. For rendering more effectual an act of the present session of parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain number of men, in the several counties in England, for the service of his Majesty's navy.

Cap. 20. For granting certain duties of customs on the importation of fruit, sallad oil, waste silk, and timber, and on the exportation of British rock salt, and coal.

Cap. 21. For raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven and hundred ninety-five.

Cap. 22. For raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

Cap. 23 For granting to his Majesty the sum of two hundred thousand pounds, to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt.

Cap. 24. Further to continue an act, made in the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for establishing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases.

Cap. 25. For further continuing an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for establishing courts of judicature in the island of Newfoundland, and the islands adjacent.

Cap. 26. To continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united states of America, so far as the same relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said united dates.

Cap. 27. For altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for amending so much of an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, 'An act for ordering the forces in the several counties of this kingdom, ' as relates to the militia of the city of London; and for the better ordering the same.

Cap. 28. To enable petty officers in the navy, and seamen, non-commissioned officers of marines, and marines, serving in his Majesty's navy, to allot part of their pay for the maintenance of their wives and families.

Cap. 29. For raising a certain number of men, in the several counties, stewartries, royal burghs, and towns, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of his Majesty's navy.

Cap. 30. For granting to his Majesty several additional duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; and for repealing a certain exception as far as relates to bonds given as security for the payment of one hundred pounds or under, contained in an act of the twenty-third year of his present Majesty's reign.

Cap. 31. For extending the provisions of an act, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to cutters, luggers, shallops, wherries, smacks, or yawls, of any build whatever; for amending an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, more effectually to secure the performance of quarantine, and for amending several laws relative to the revenue of customs; for amending an act made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the relief of the captors of prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom; and for authorising the commissioners of excise at Edinburgh to grant licences to manufacturers and dealers in tobacco and snuff, within the limits of the chief office of excise at Edinburgh.

Cap. 32. For granting annuities to satisfy certain navy and victualling bills.

Cap. 33. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

Cap. 34. For enabling the magistrates, in the several counties in Great Britain, to raise and levy, under certain regulations, such able-bodied and idle persons as shall be found within the said counties, to serve in his Majesty's navy.

Cap. 35. For making allowances, in certain cases, to subaltern officers of the militia, in time of peace.

Cap. 36. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

Cap. 37. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 38. To continue several laws relating to the granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax; to the discontinuing the duties payable on the importation of tallow, hogs lard, and grease; and to the prohibiting the importation of foreign wrought silks and velvets; and for making perpetual an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to prohibit the exportation of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and steel manufactures of this kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of artificers or workmen employed in those manufactures to go into parts beyond thefeas.

Cap. 39. For allowing a drawback of the duties upon coals used in carrying on the Pennygored works, in the county of Pembroke.

Cap. 40. To enable his Majesty to grant to the right honourable John earl of Upper Offory in the kingdom of Ireland, baron Upper Offory, of Ampthill, in the county of Bedford, his heirs and assigns, in fee simple, all the estate, right, title, and interest, remaining in his Majesty, in and upon the haye or walk of Farming Woods, in the forest of Rockingham, in the county of Northampton, and also the reversion of certain offices, rents, and other hereditaments in the said county of Northampton, to which the said earl of Upper Offory is entitled for three lives, under a grant from his present Majesty, upon a full and adequate consideration to be paid for the same.

Cap. 41. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of an act made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for deepening, cleansing, and making more commodious, the harbour of Aberdeen; for erecting new piers and quays therein; and for regulating ships and vessels trading into, and going out of the said harbour.

Cap. 42. For enlarging the term and powers of three several acts, made in the sixth year of the reign of his majesty King George the First, in the seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every pint of ale or beer, vended or sold within the town of Montrose and privileges thereof, for supplying the said town with fresh water, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 43. For making a navigable cut from the Grand Junction Canal, in the precinct of Norwood, in the county of Middlesex, to Paddington, in the said county.

Cap. 44. To enable the most noble Francis duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable cut from his present navigation in the township of Worsley, in the county palatine of Lancaster, to the township of Pennington, near the town of Leigh, in the said county.

Cap. 45. To explain, amend, and render more effectual an act, made and passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, repairing, and keeping in repair, Finsbury Square, in the parish of Saint Luke, in the county of Middlesex, and part of the manor of Finsbury, and certain other streets and places communicating with or near to the said square; and for preventing or removing nuisances and annoyances within the same.

Cap. 46. For laying out and making a new street from White friar Gate to the south end of Quay Street, within the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull.

Cap. 47. For taking down the chapel of the chapelry of Haydon, in the parish of Warden, in the county of Northumberland, and for building a new chapel, in a convenient situation, within the said chapelry.

Cap. 48. For amending two acts of the thirtieth year of King George the Second, and the thirty-second year of his present Majesty, so far as relates to the draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds, within the township or hamlet of March, in the isle of Ely, and county of Cambridge.

Cap. 49. For granting to his Majesty a duty on certificates issued for using hair powder.

Cap. 50. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors; for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose; and for giving further time to such persons as have omitted to pay the duties on the indentures and contracts of clerks, apprentices, or servants.

Cap. 51. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the town and county of the town of Southampton to the city of New Sarum in the county of Wilts, with a collateral branch to Northam within the liberties of the town of Southampton.

Cap. 52. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Thames or Isis, at or near the town of Abingdon, in the county of Berks, to join or communicate with the Rennet and Avon canal, at or near the town of Trowbridge, in the county of Wilts; and also certain navigable cuts therein described.

Cap. 53. For further regulating the sending and receiving letters free from the duty of postage; for allowing non-commissioned officers, seamen, and private men, in the navy and army, whilst on service, to send and receive letters at a low rate of postage; and for permitting patterns and samples of goods to be transmitted by the port at an earter rate than is now allowed by law.

Cap. 54. For the encouragement of the mackerel fishery.

Cap. 55. For granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on receipts.

Cap. 56. To continue and amend an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more effectual encouragement of the British fisheries.

Cap. 57. To indemnify governors, lieutenant governors, and persons acting as such, in the West India islands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.

Cap. 58. For requiring all boats, barges, and other vessels, of certain descriptions, used on navigable rivers, and on inland navigations, in Great Britain, to be registered.

Cap. 59. For granting to his Majesty additional duties on distilleries in Scotland, and on the exportation of British made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to amend an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the regulation of distilleries in Scotland, and the exportation of British-made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a limited time.

Cap. 60. For applying certain sums of money raised in the county of Stafford by virtue of several acts of parliament made respecting the militia of this kingdom.

Cap. 61. For repealing an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more effectual assessing and collecting of the rates for the relief of the poor in the parish of Saint Botolph, Bishopsgate, in the liberties of the city of London; for providing a workhouse for the reception of the poor of the said parish; and for the employment, maintenance, and regulation, of the said poor therein.

Cap. 62. To enable his Majesty's postmaster general to open and return certain letters contained in the mails, made up at the general post office in London, for the United Provinces, on the thirteenth, sixteenth, and twentieth days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and now remaining in the said general post office.

Cap. 63. For granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on sea insurances.

Cap. 64. For increasing the rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers, and others, on quartering soldiers, for a limited time.

Cap. 65. To prevent unnecessary delay in the execution of writs for the election of members to serve in parliament for that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 66. For making part of certain principal sums, or stock and annuities, raised or created, or to be raised or created, by the parliament of the kingdom of Ireland, on loans for the use of the government of that kingdom, transferable, and the dividends on such stock and annuities payable, at the bank of England; and for the better security of the proprietors of such stocks and annuities, and of the governor and company of the bank of England.

Cap. 67. For rendering more effectual an act passed in the first year of the reign of King James the First, intituled An act to restrain all persons from marriage until their former wives and former husbands be dead.

Cap. 68. For vesting, for a certain term of years, in the right honourable Henry Seymour Conway, his executors, administrators, and assigns, the sole property of a kiln or oven, by him invented, for burning lime, and for the use of distillers and brewers, and for other beneficial purposes.

Cap. 69. For repealing so much of an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable his Majesty to grant to the heirs of the former proprietors, upon certain terms and conditions, the forfeited estates in Scotland, which were put under the management of a board of trustees by an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and to repeal the said act, as relates to the amount of the debt charged upon the lands and estate which became forfeited by the attainder of Evan Macpherson, late of Cluny.

Cap. 70. For amending an act passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for taking down the church and tower belonging to the parish of Saint John at Hackney, in the county of Middlesex; and for building another church and tower for the use of the said parish; and for making an additional cemetry or church yard; and for raising a further sum of money for completing the said church, and other works.

Cap. 71. For building a new church or chapel in the town of Halifax, in the west riding of the county of York.

Cap. 72. For making a navigable cut from the Stratford-upon-Avon canal, in the parish of Lapworth, into the Warwick and Birmingham canal, in the manor of Kingswood, in the county of Warwick.

Cap. 73. For repealing several acts, made in the eighth, tenth, thirteenth, and fifteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for regulating the nightly watch and beadles, and for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the parish of Saint Mary-le- Bone, in the county of Middlesex, and for the better relief and maintenance of the poor thereof, and for divers other purposes therein mentioned; and for making more effectual provision for those purposes.

Cap. 74. For keeping in repair the footways in the high street of the town of Kensington, in the county of Middlesex, and for lighting and watching the said street, and also certain courts and alleys communicating therewith, and for removing and preventing encroachments, nuisances, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 75. For paving the footways, and for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the streets, lanes, passages, and places, within the borough of Wallingford, in the county of Berks, and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, encroachments, and obstructions therein.

Cap. 76. For the better paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the streets, lanes, and other publick passages, of the city of Aberdeen, and the roads and avenues within the royalty thereof; for the better supplying the inhabitants with fresh water, and for the removing and preventing all obstructions and annoyances within the said city and royalty.

Cap. 77. For improving the drainage of the middle and south levels, part of the great level of the fens, called Bedford Level, and the low lands adjoining or near to the said levels; as also the lands adjoining or near to the river Ouze, in the county of Norfolk, draining through the same to sea, by the harbour of King's Lynn, in the said county; and for altering and improving the navigation of the said river Ouze, from or near a place called Eau Brink, in the parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary, in the said county, to the said harbour of King's Lynn; and for improving and preserving the navigation of the several rivers communicating with the said river Ouze.

Cap. 78. For building a bridge over the river Severn, at Bewdley, in the county of Worcester, and for opening convenient avenues thereto.

Cap. 79. For amending an act passed in the twenty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for building a bridge over the river Thames, at the town of Henley-upon-Thames, in the county of Oxford, and making commodious avenues thereto, for widening some part of the high street and the market place, for lighting and watching, for regulating the footways in, and removing nuisances, obstructions, and annoyances from, the said town, so far as the same relates to widening some part of the high street and market place, for lighting and watching, for regulating the footways in, and removing nuisances, obstructions, and annoyances from, the said town.

Cap. 80. To make further provision respecting ships and effects come into this kingdom to take the benefit of his Majesty's orders in council, of the sixteenth and twenty-first days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and to provide for the disposal of other ships and effects detained in, or brought into, the ports of this kingdom.

Cap. 81. To apportion the relief, by the several statutes now in force, directed to be given to the families of non-commissioned officers, drummers, fifers, and privates, serving in the militia, between the county at large, and the peculiar districts therein not contributing to the county rate, according to the number of men serving for each in such militia; and to remove certain difficulties in respect to the relief of families of substitutes, hired men, or volunteers, serving in the militia.

Cap. 82. For inclosing, dividing, allotting, draining, embanking, and improving, the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, commons, wastes, and other uninclosed grounds, within the township of Gainsburgh, in the parish of Gainsburgh, in the county of Lincoln; and also for making a compensation for the tythes arising within the said township, and within the lordship of Thonock, in the said parish.

Cap. 83. For augmenting the royal corps of artillery, and providing seafaring men for the service of the navy, out of the private men now serving in the militia; and to amend an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 84. For continuing several acts, passed for the better regulation of lastage and ballastage in the river Thames.

Cap. 85. For making and extending a navigable cut from the town of Watford, in the county of Hertford, to the town of Saint Alban, in the same county.

Cap. 86. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several acts, of the sixteenth and seventeenth of King Charles the Second, and of the seventh of his present Majesty, relating to the navigation of the river Itchin, in the county of Southampton, and for improving the navigation thereof, and for ascertaining the rates of carriage, riverage, and wharfage, payable thereon.

Cap. 87. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from and out of the navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, at or near Stoke-upon-Trent, in the county of Stafford, to the town of Newcastle-under-Lyme, in the said county.

Cap. 88. To remedy certain omissions in an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for the discharge of certain insolvent debtors.

Cap. 89. For making perpetual an act made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue the payment of the duties in Scotland upon low wines and spirits, and upon worts, wash, and other liquors, there used in the distillation of spirits, and for regulating the exportation of British-made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; to continue so much of an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, as permits sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the manufacture of Maidstone geneva; and to make perpetual the duties granted by an act, made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, upon worts, wash, and other liquors, for extracting spirits for home consumption.

Cap. 90. For regulating the shipping and carrying slaves in British vessels from the coast of Africa.

Cap. 91. To amend an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better regulation of hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen; and for repealing so much of the said act as restrains them from selling goods, wares, or merchandize, within a certain distance from any city or market town.

Cap. 92. For further encouraging and regulating the southern whale fisheries.

Cap. 93. For guaranteeing the payment of the dividends on a loan of four millions six hundred thousand pounds to the emperor of Germany.

Cap. 94. For establishing a more easy and expeditious method for the punctual and frequent payment of the wages and pay of certain officers belonging to his Majesty's navy.

Cap. 95. To enable boatswains, gunners, and carpenters, serving in his Majesty's navy, to allot part of their wages or pay for the maintenance of their wives and families.

Cap. 96. For the relief of persons detained in gaol for want of bail, in certain cases relating to the publick revenue.

Cap. 97. To declare that hides and skins, tanned by a new method, shall be deemed tanned hides and skins within the meaning of the acts relating to the duties of excise on hides and skins tanned in Great Britain.

Cap. 98. For allowing further time for the payment of the drawback on China ware, imported by the East India company, before the first day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

Cap. 99. For allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by papists, and for relief of protestant purchasers.

Cap. 100. For permitting the importation of organzined thrown silk, flax, and flax seed, into this kingdom, in ships or vessels belonging to any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, for a limited time.

Cap. 101. To prevent the removal of poor persons, until they shall become actually chargeable.

Cap. 102. For the more effectual prevention of the use of defective weights, and of false and unequal balances.

Cap. 103. To enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of certain lands or grounds situate at or near Painshill, in the several parishes of Cobham, Walton, and Wisley, in the county of Surrey, to George Chamberlaine esq. George Bond esq. one of his Majesty's serjeants at law, and sir Samuel Hayes baronet, of the kingdom of Ireland, upon the trusts declared by the will of Benjamin Bond Hopkins esq, deceased, of and concerning his estate at Painshill aforesaid.

Cap. 104. For enabling the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, governors of the possessions, revenues, and goods, of the hospitals of Edward King of England, the Sixth, of Christ, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the Apostle, and other the governors of Christs Hospital, to purchase houses and ground for enlarging Christs Hospitals in London, and at Hertford, and erecting additional buildings thereto, and for other purposes.

Cap. 105. For improving and supporting the navigation of the river Ivel, otherwise Yeo, from the town of Ivelchester to Bicknell Bridge, in the parish of Huish Episcopi, in the county of Somerset, and for making a navigable cut from thence into a certain drain, called Portlake Rhine, in the parish of Langport, in the same county, and for making the said drain navigable from thence to the river Parrett, below Great Bow Bridge, in the town of Langport.

Cap. 106. For amending and rendering more effectual an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to explain, amend, and enlarge, the powers of so much of two acts, passed in the eleventh and fifteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for improving and completing the navigation of the rivers Thames and Isis, from the city of London to the town of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts, as relates to the navigation of the said rivers, from the boundary of the jurisdiction of the city of London, near Staines, in the county of Middlesex, to the said town of Cricklade; and for extending and enlarging the powers of the said several acts, passed in the eleventh and fifteenth years of the reign of his said present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the improving and completing of the navigation of the said rivers, from the jurisdiction of the city of London, near Staines, in the county of Middlesex, to the town of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 107. For dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and improving, the commons and waste grounds within the several parishes of Hepworth, Haxey, Belton, and Owston, in the isle of Axholme, in the county of Lincoln, and also for making a compensation for the tythes arising from the said commons, and from certain other lands within the said parishes.

Cap. 108. For amending an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for building a bridge across the river Severn, near Redstone, in the county of Worcester, and for making proper avenues and roads to and from the same, and for making satisfaction to the proprietors of a ferry across the said river at Redstone, aforesaid, and for enabling the trustees for executing the said act to rebuild the said bridge.

Cap. 109. For repealing so much of an act of parliament, passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty several additional rates and duties upon horses, and carriages with four wheels; and far explaining and amending an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, as far as relates to certain carriages with two or three wheels therein mentioned, as relates to the additional duties upon coaches with four wheels, used as stage coaches; and for reducing the duties upon carriages with less than four wheels, mostly used in the affairs of husbandry, or for the purposes of trade.

Cap. 110. To amend an act, made in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating the allowance of the drawback and payment of the bounty on the exportation of sugar; and for permitting the importation of sugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda islands in foreign ships; and for reducing the bounty on refined sugars exported in any other than British ships.

Cap. 111. For more effectually carrying into execution an act made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the encouragement and relief of friendly societies, and for extending so much of the powers thereof as relates to the framing rules and regulations for the better management of the funds of such societies, and the appointment of treasurers to other institutions of a charitable nature.

Cap. 112. For allowing further time for persons to take out certificates for using or wearing hair powder, in pursuance of an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty a duty on certificates issued for using hair powder; and also further time for the admeasurement and registering of boats, barges, and other vessels, in pursuance of another act of the same session, intituled An act for requiring all boats, barges, and other vessels, of certain descriptions, used on navigable rivers, and on inland navigations, in Great Britain, to be registered.

Cap. 113. For the more effectual prevention of selling ale, and other liquors, by persons not duly licensed.

Cap. 114. For better securing the duties on glass.

Cap. 115. For allowing, for a limited time, the importation of goods from India and China, and other parts within the limits of the exclusive trade of the East India company, in ships not of British-built, nor registered as such, and for the exportation of goods from Great Britain by the same ships, under certain restrictions.

Cap. 116. To remove doubts arising from the construction of certain acts of this session of parliament, respecting the duties of excise thereby granted on wash, coffee, cocoa nuts, foreign spirits, wines, and sweets.

Cap. 117. For allowing the importation of rape seed, and other feeds used for extracting oil, from any country whatever, whenever the prices of middling British rape seed shall be above a certain limit.

Cap. 118. For charging warehouse rent on wines, in certain cases, secured in his Majesty's warehouses; for equalizing the duties on wines exported to India and China; and for providing warehouses for coffee and cocoa nuts imported into this kingdom.

Cap. 119. To prohibit, for a limited time, the making of low wines or spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain, or from any meal, flour, or bran; and for permitting home-made spirits, deposited in the warehouses for exportation, to be taken out for home consumption, on payment of duty.

Cap. 120. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 121. To explain and amend an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to amend an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's navy, and for making further provisions for those purposes; and also an act, made in the twenty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's navy; and for the better encouragement of seamen for his Majesty's navy.

Cap. 122. To enable his Majesty, under certain regulations, to erect independent burghs of barony, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for removing certain difficulties as to the granting of leases in towns and villages on the fishing coasts of that kingdom.

Cap. 123. For the more easy and expeditious recovery of small debts, and determining small causes arising out of personal contract or obligation, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 124. To enable woolcombers to exercise trades in any town or place in Great Britain.

Cap. 125. For preventing the accumulation of debts by any future heir apparent of the crown; and for regulating the mode of expenditure, from the time when a separate establishment shall be made for such future heir apparent.

Cap. 126. For widening and improving the entrance into the city of London near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious street or passage at Snow Hill, and for raising, on the credit of the orphans fund, a sum of money for those purposes.

Cap. 127. For enabling his Majesty to direct the issue of exchequer bills to a limited amount, for the purposes, and in the manner therein mentioned.

Cap. 128. For allowing a further annuity to the subscribers the sum of eighteen millions, authorised to be raised for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

Cap. 129. For enabling his Majesty to settle an annuity on his royal highness the Prince of Wales, during the joint lives of his Majesty and of his said royal highness; for making provision, out of his revenues, for the payment of any debts that may be due from his royal highness; for preventing the accumulation of debts in future; and for regulating the mode of expenditure of the said revenues.

Cap. 130. For the better enabling his Majesty to make provision for a sure and certain jointure for her royal highness the Princess of Wales, for the term of her life.

Cap. 131. For repairing the common sewer in New Bridge-street Black Friars, in the city of London, or making a new sewer instead of the defective part or parts thereof, and for maintaining and cleansing the same.

PUBLICK ACTS not printed in this Collection,

Cap. 132. For continuing an act of the fifteenth year of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road leading from Yarmouth Bridge, through the hamlet of South Town, otherwise Little Yarmouth, to Gorleston, in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 133. To amend and render effectual so much of an act, of the twenty-eighth year of his present Majesty, as relates to improving the entrance into the city of Worcester, from the London and Upton roads.

Cap. 134. To continue the term, and enlarge the powers of, two acts, made in the seventh and thirty-first years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the highways from that part of Counter's Bridge which lies in the parish of Kensington, in the county of Middlesex, leading through the towns of Brentford and Hounslow, to the powder mills, in the road to Staines; and to Cranford Bridge, in the said county, in the road to Colnbrook; and fot repairing, turning, or altering, the highway leading from the said road, at or near the end of Sion Lane, to the town of Isleworth, in the said county, and from thence to a gate on the south side of Teddington Field; and also the highway leading out of the said great road, near Smallberry Green turnpike, to a house known by the sign of The George, in the town of Isleworth aforesaid; and for lighting and watering part of the said highways.

Cap. 135. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of certain acts for repairing several roads in the west riding of the county of York, so far as relates to the road from Keighley to Bradford.

Cap. 136. For repairing and widening the road from Horseley Upright Gate, leading from Bowden Hill, in the county of Wilts, to the top of Kingsdown Hill, in the parish of Box, in the said county, and several other roads near or adjoining thereto.

Cap. 137. For making and maintaining a turnpike road from Mumps Brooks within Oldham, in the county palatine of Lancaster, to Ripponden, in the west riding of the county of York, and a branch therefrom, at or near Denshaw, to or near to Brownhill, and another branch therefrom, at or near Grains, to Delph, all within Saddleworth, in the said riding.

Cap. 138. For repairing and widening the road from Preston Candover to Basingstoke, in the county of Southampton, and from thence to Alton, in the said county.

Cap. 139. For continuing the term, and altering, enlarging, and consolidating the powers of two acts of parliament, passed in the twenty-fourth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the high roads from Darlington to West Auckland, in the county of Durham, and several other roads in the same county, therein mentioned.

Cap. 140. For enlarging the term and powers of several acts, passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of King George the First, and the fifteenth and thirty-first years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road from Cirencester to Saint John's Bridge, in the county of Gloucester, and certain other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 141. To enlarge the term and powers of two several acts, passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Cirencester, in the county of Gloucester, to Birdlip Hill, in the said county.

Cap. 142. For more effectually repairing the road from Hyde Park Corner to Counter's Bridge, and certain other roads in the county of Middlesex, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 143. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from Ludlowfach, in the county of Carmarthen, to the town of Llandovery, and from thence, through the town of Llangadock, to the river Amman, and several other roads communicating therewith.

Cap. 144. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of so much of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, and keeping in repair, the road from a certain dwelling house in Bury, now or late in the occupation of William Walker, gentleman, to Hailingden, and from thence to the east end of Salford Bridge, in Blackburn; and also the road from Haslingden aforesaid, to the east end of Cockshut Bridge, in the town of Walley; and also the road from Haslingden aforesaid, through New Church and Bacup, to Todmorden; and for making a road from the said road between Bury and Haslingden, in the township of Walmersley, to the river Irwell, and for building a bridge over the said river, all in the county palatine of Lancaster, as relates to the first district of road therein mentioned.

Cap. 145. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, for more effectually repairing, widening, and amending, the roads from Wigan to Preston, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 146. For amending, improving, and keeping in repair, the road from the town of Burnley, in the county palatine of Lancaster, to the turnpike road leading from Bury to Haslingden, at or near Edenfield Chapel, in the township of Tottington Higher End, in the same county.

Cap. 147. For amending, improving, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the hamlet of Highgate, in the county of Middlesex, through a certain lane called Maiden Lane, in the parish of Saint Mary, Islington, to a certain place called Battle Bridge, in the same county, and the several other highways and foot paths in the said parish of Saint Mary, Islington, (which are not included in any turnpike acts), and to enable the inhabitants of the said parish to raise money for that and other the purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 148. For repairing, widening, and altering, the road leading from The Way Post at the north-east end of the town of Bedford, in the county of Bedford, to the north-east end of a lane, in the parish of Kimbolton, in the county of Huntingdon, called The Park Lane.

Cap. 149. For amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in repair, the road leading out of the turnpike road between Aylesbury and Wendover, through Princes Risborough, to West Wycombe, in the county of Buckingham.

Cap. 150. To continue, extend, and enlarge, the term and powers of an act passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making, amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the new bridge over the water of Almond, on the confines of the counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by Bathgate, to Baillieston, in the county of Lanark, and certain branches of road from the said line of road, and for the other purposes mentioned in the said act

Cap. 151. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two acts of parliament, passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of King George the Second, and in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Kighley to Halifax, in the west riding of the county of York, and several other roads therein respectively described, so far as the said act relate to the road from Kighley to Halifax aforesaid.

Cap. 152. For repairing, altering, and improving the road leading from the great north road, in the town of Stamford and county of Lincoln, through the town of Oakham, to the great north road aforesaid, at or near a house called The Cross Guns, in the parish of Greetham and county of Rutland.

Cap. 153. For amending, widening, and keepingin repair, the road leading from Towcester to the turnpike road in Cotton End in the parish of Hardingston, in the county of Northampton.

Cap. 154. To enlarge the term and powers of two acts, passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the rood from The White Stoop, near the north end of the town of Derby, through the towns of Duffield and Chesterfield, in the county of Derby, to the town of Sheffield, in the county of York, and from the said town of Duffield to The Moot Hall, in the town of Worksworth, in the said county of Derby.

Cap. 155. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing several roads leading into the city of Glasgow, and of another act passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his said late Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said act, and of another act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing several roads leading into the city of Glasgow, so far as the same relates to the district of roads from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge; and for altering and ascertaining the course of the last mentioned district of road, so far as the same relate to the said road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow; and for more effectually making, repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the said road, and the road branching from the aforesaid road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading to Calder Bridge, and from thence, by or near Balmore, to or near the church of New Kilpatrick, and from thence, by or near Lawmuir, to the town of Old Kilpatrick, beginning at the bridge across the Allander, on the road from Longbank Farm, by Balmulie Bridge to Glasgow on the east, and ending at the said town of Old Kilpatrick on the west, and the road branching from the aforesaid road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad Hill to Provan Mill, and to the present turnpike road leading to Cumbernauld.

Cap. 156. For amending and repairing the road from the Neath turnpike road at or near Abernant, through Merthyr Tidvill, in the county of Glamorgan, to join the publick roads near Rhyd y Blew, in the county of Brecon.

Cap. 157. For continuing the term, and varying and altering the powers, of two acts, passed in the twenty-fourth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road leading from the east end of Brumpton High Lane to the town of Richmond, and from thence to the town of Lancaster; and for repairing the road leading from Richmond, through Gilling, Melsonby, and Aldbrough, to Lucy otherwise Lousy Cross, and from Gilling through Gilling Town Lane, to the turnpike road on Gatherley Moor; and for turning and diverting the said road, from the east end of the town of Bainbridge, to and through the town of Hawes, and up the vale of Widdel, to Gearstones otherwise Graystones; and for making, widening, and keeping in repair, that part of the said road; and for discharging the trustees from the reparation of that part of the said road which extends from the east end of the town of Bainbridge, over the mountain Camm, to Greenside Gate, and from thence to Gearstones otherwise Graystones; and also from the reparation of that part of the said roads which lies between the east end of Brumpton High Lane, and the town of Richmond aforesaid.

Cap. 158. For repairing the damage done by the late floods to certain bridges, and to the road, near the town of Doncaster; and for making the said bridges and road safe and commodious for travellers.

Cap. 159. For enlarging the term and powers of three several acts, passed in the fourteenth and twenty-sixth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from Ealand to the town of Leeds, in the west riding of the county of York.

Cap. 160. For enlarging the terms and powers of three acts, made in the eighth and twenty-seventh years of his late majesty King George the Second, and the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Rochdale, in the county palatine of Lancaster, to the towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the county of York.

Cap. 161. For making and repairing certain roads in the county of Aberdeen.

Cap. 162. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts, passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads leading from Basingstone, near the town of Bagshot, in the parish of Windlesham, in the county of Surrey, through Frimley and Farnham, in the same county, and from thence through Bentley, Hollyborn, Alton, Chawton, Ropley, Bishop's Sutton, New Alresford, and Mattingley otherwise Matterley Lane, to the city of Winchester, in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 163. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of several acts, passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, the sixteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from Luton, in the county of Bedford, to West-wood Gate, in the said county; and from Luton, to Saint Alban's, in the county of Hertford.

Cap. 164. For continuing the term, and repealing the powers, of two acts, passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from Little Sheffield, in the county of York, through the towns of Hathersage, Hope, and Castleton, to Sparrowpit Gate, in the county of Derby; and from the guide post near Barber's Fields Cupola, through Grindleford Bridge, Great Hucklow, Tideswell, Hardgate-wall, and Fairfield, to a house known by the sign of The Angel, in Buxton, in the county of Derby; and for granting further and other powers for that purpose.

Cap. 165. For continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from The Royal Oak, on Wrotham Heath, to the town of Wrotham, in the county of Kent, and from thence to Foot's Cray, and from the said Royal Oak to the town of Maidstone, in the said county; and for making a road from the said road between Wrotham and Maidstone into the present turnpike road leading from Mereworth to Hadlow, in the said county.

Cap. 166. To enable the commissioners and trustees for executing an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for draining, preserving, and improving, certain lands lying in the several parishes of Spalding (including the hamlets of Cowbit and Peakill), Weston, Moulton, Whaplode, Holbeach, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas otherwise Lutton, all in South Holland, in the county of Lincoln, to support and repair a certain bank extending from Spalding High Bridge to Brother House, in the said county, and to amend and repair the road thereupon; and for compounding with the creditors under an act passed in the twelfth year of his present Majesty's reign, for making and keeping in repair the said road.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN act for naturalizing Peter Dubbledemuts Van Dyck.

2. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and all other the commonable lands, within the parish of Hanley Castle, in the county of Worcester.

3. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several commons and waste lands within the manor of Great Barr and Aldridge, in the parish of Aldridge, in the county of Stafford.

4. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, and all other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish of Bishampton, in the county of Worcester.

5. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain moor or common called North Moor, and other commons and waste lands, in the parish of North Petherton, in the county of Somerset.

6. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Saint Martin Stamford Baron, in the county of Northampton.

7. An act for dividing and inclosing certain commons or waste lands in the townships of Prees, Darlestone, Fauls, Mickley, Willaston, Morton Say, Longford, and Stanton upon Hineheath, in the county of Salop.

8. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, in the parish of Bridge Casterton, in the county of Rutland.

9. An act for naturalizing John Christopher Cankrien.

10. An act for naturalizing Frederick Albert Winzer and Simon Maurice Bethmann.

11. An act for naturalizing John Van Yzendoorn, an infant, of the age of twelve years.

12. An act for naturalizing Peter Schmidtmeyer.

13. An act for naturalizing Matthew Wiss.

14. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, meadows, pastures, and downs, and all the commonable and waste lands, within the manor and parish of Cold-Aston, otherwise Aston Blank, in the county of Gloucester.

15. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons or waste lands in the township of Penley, in the county of Flint.

16. An act for dividing and allotting certain open and common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parishes of Winterborne Earls, and Allington, in the county of Wilts.

17. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the whole year lands, breeks, common fields, half year or shack lands, commons, and waste grounds, within the parishes of Bintry and Twyford, in the county of Norfolk.

18. An act for sale of an estate in the city of Hereford, given by William Brydges, esquire, for certain charitable purposes, and for applying the money arising by such sale to the like purposes.

19. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, commons, waste, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish and precincts of Westcott Barton, and within the liberty and precincts of Middle Barton, in the parish of Steeple Barton, in the county of Oxford.

20. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several moors, commons, and waste lands, lying and being within the parish of Burnham, in the county of Sowerset.

21. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, commons, waste, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the liberties and precincts of Wigginton, in the county of Oxford.

22. An act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain moors, commons, or waste lands, lying and being within the manor of Banwell, in the county of Somerset.

23. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the whole year lands, common fields, half year or shack lands, commons, and waste grounds, within the parishes of East Lexham and Great Dunham, in the county of Norfolk.

24. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, lands, commons, and commonable places, within the parish of Great Gatworth, in the counties of Huntingdon and Northampton.

25. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, lands, commons, and commonable places, of Wornditch, in the parish of Kimbolton, in the dounty of Huntingdon.

26. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of Richard Palmer esquire, in Sonning, in the county of Berks, in him, in fee Ample, discharged of the uses in the will of his late father Robert Palmer esquire, and for settling other lands and hereditaments in Sowing aforesaid, and Hurst, in the said county of greater value, in lieu thereof, to the same uses.

27. An act for effectuating an exchange between the rector of the parish of Saint Leonard, in the county of Devon, and John Baring esq; and also between the vicar of the parish of Heavitree, in the same county, and the said John Baring.

28. An act for vesting the mansion house called Soddylt Hall, and divers lands, tenements, and herediaments, situate in the county of Salop, devised by the will of Roger Jennings the younger esq; deceased, with the appurtenances, in trustees, in fee Ample in possession, discharged of the uses and trusts of the said will, and for sale thereof, and for applying the money to arise from such sale.

29. An act for discharging the barton of Penwerris, and lands at or near Penryn, in the county of Cornwall, part of the settled estates of sir Francis Basset, of Tehidy Park, in the county of Cornwall, baronet, from the several uses, estates, and trusts, to which the same now stand limited, and for settling a manor and other lands and hereditaments, of greater value, in lieu thereof, to the like uses.

30. An act to enable the honourable and right reverend James lord bishop of Ely, and his successors, to grant certain estates in the isle of Ely, now holden under three leases in several smaller parcels by separate leases.

31. An act to enable William Batnford esq; and other persons, after his death, to grant building leases of certain parts of his settled estates in the counties of Lancaster and Chester, reserving rents.

32. An act for vesting the freehold estates late of sir Thomas Kyffin knight, deceased, in trustees, for raising money to pay and discharge his mortgage and specialty debts, and for other purposes.

33. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, and pastures, of and in the parish of Steeple Claydon, in the county of Bucks,

34. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open common fields, common meadows, common pastures, commons, and waste grounds, in the parish of Newton Regis otherwise Newton in the Thistles, in the counties of Warwick and Stafford, or one of them, and also a certain common or parcel of waste ground called Clifton Heath, in the parishes of Newton Regis otherwise Newton in the Thistles, aforesaid, and Clifton Campville, in the county of Stafford, or one of them.

35. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, wastes, and other commonable lands, within the parish of Aston Abbots, in the county of Buckingham.

36. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, pastures, and commons, within the township of Holme upon the Wolds, in the parish of Holme upon the Wolds, in the east riding of the county of York, and for making a compensation in lieu of the tythes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed lands in the same township.

37. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, commons, wastes, and other commonable lands, and grounds, within the manor and parish of Padbury, in the county of Buckingham.

38. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands, within the parish of Trinley, otherwise Tirley, in the county of Gloucester.

39. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and commonable lands, within the parish of Cheddar, in the county of Somerset.

40. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable and waste lands, in that part of the parish of Wroughton, in the county of Wilts, which is situate, lying, and being, in the hundred of Elstub and Everley.

41. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Upton, in the county of Nottingham.

42. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open fields, meadow, pasture, and other commonable and waste lands and grounds, in the townships or hamlets of Caunton, Beesthorpe, Earlshaw, and Knapthorpe, and for exonerating the said townships or hamlets, and also the hamlet of Dean Hall, all in the parish of Caunton, in the county of Nottingham, from the payment of tythes.

43. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, waste lands, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Henlow, in the county of Bedford.

44. An act to enable sir Henry Vane bart. to take the surname and arms of Tempest, pursuant to the will of John Tempest esq; deceased.

45. An act for naturalizing Jacqueline Charlotte comtesse de Hompesch and James Charles Philip Bouwens.

46. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields and stinted pastures, within the township of Cleckheaton, in the parish of Birstal, in the west riding of the county of York.

47. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, commonable lands, and waste grounds, in the parish of Ratley, in the county of Warwick.

48. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain piece of pasture land in the parish of Wintringham, in the county of Lincoln, called The Cow Pasture, comprising or including certain lands or grounds in the said parish of Wintringham, called The Marsh, Rotten Sykes, Low Groves, and Western Greens, and other land or ground lying between the same pasture and the river Humber; and for dividing, inclosing, and apportioning, certain other pieces of meadow and pasture ground, in the same parish, called The Composition Closes and Hall Closes, and for other purposes.

49. An act to enable John duke of Argyll, to exchange certain lands, part of his entailed estate in the shire of Argyll, for certain other lands in the same shire, belonging to himself in fee simple and to Archibald Munro.

50. An act for vesting the settled estate of Henry Gally esq; situate in the county of Huntingdon, in him and his heirs, in exchange for another estate, of greater value, in the county of York, to be settled in lieu of the said estate in the county of Huntingdon.

51. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of Robert Rushbrooke esq; in the county of Suffolk, in the most noble Charles marquis Cornwallis, and his heirs, in fee simple, and for settling an estate of equal value, in the same county, in lieu thereof, and in exchange for the same.

52. An act for vesting the settled estates, late of John Dolphin esq; deceased, in the county of Stafford, in trustees, to be sold for payment of the portions of the younger children of the said John Dolphin, and for the other purposes therein mentioned.

53. An act to enable the trustees of certain lands in Manchester, Crumpsall, and Tetlow, in the county of Lancaster, called Clarke's Charity Lands, to make leases for years upon rack rents, and also to grant building leases, and make conveyances in fee, of and upon all or any part of the said lands under reserved yearly rents.

54. An act for vesting part of the estates devised by the will of John Smith, formerly of London, merchant, for charitable purposes, in trustees, to be sold to John Pardoe esq; and for laying out the purchase money in other estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and for regulating the charity established by the said will.

55. An act for effectuating a partition of certain estates of sir Edward Knatchbull bart. sir Joseph Banks bart. and dame Dorothea his wife, and sir Henry Thomas Gott knt, situate in the counties of Kent and Suffix.

56. An act for dividing and leasing, or letting, certain commons or waste grounds within the borough and township of Congleton, in the county of Chester, and for applying the profits of part of the same in aid of the poors rate, or other taxes or publick expences, within the said township.

57. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, and pastures, in the townships of March, Wolton, and Kinoston, in the parish of Much March, in the county of Hereford.

58. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, in Brigstock and Stanton, in the county of Northampton, and such part of the parish of Sudborough, in the same county, as is called Sudborough Green, and also for setting out and allotting lands, in lieu of, and compensation for the common rights upon Geddington Chase, in the said county of Northampton, and upon that part of the forest of Rockingham, in the same county, which is called The Hayer or Walk, of Farming Woods, and for extinguishing such common rights.

59. An act for naturalizing Felix Vincent Raper.

60. An act for vesting part of the setled estates of Samuel Egerton Brydges esq; and Elizabeth his wife, in the county of Kent, and city of Canterbury, in trustees, to sell or exchange the same, and for laying out the money to arise by such sale or exchange in the purchase of other freehold estates to be settled to the same uses.

61. An act for investing certain estates of William Tovey the elder, and William Tovey the younger, situate in the county of Warwick, in Dennis Dolan and Henry Maddock, and their heirs, in trust, to sell, for the purposes therein mentioned, such estates having been heretofore conveyed to the said Dennis Dolan and John Finch, and their heirs, as trustees, for the like purposes, and the said John Finch having become bankrupt and absconded from this kingdom before sale thereof.

62. An act for amending an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable the trustees of the estates devised by William Hulme esq; to grant building leases thereof, and to encrease the number of exhibitioners to Brazen Nose College, in Oxford, founded by the said testatory and for other purposes therein mentioned; and to enable the trustees to convey in fee, or grant leases for lives, or for long terms of years, with or without covenants for renewal, or for perpetual renewal, under reserved yearly rents, the said trust estates; and to enable the trustees to apply the trust monies in making such allowance to the exhibitioners as may be thought proper, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

63. An act for vesting detached parts of the devised estates of John Maddison esq; deceased, in trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the produce, under the direction of the court of Chancery, in the purchase of other estates, to be settled in lieu thereof to the same uses.

64. An act for dividing, allotting, and laying in severalty, the open fields, lot ground, common meadows, commonable lands, and waste ground, in Wootton and Boreshill, in the parish of Cumner, in the county of Berks.

65. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, meadows, pastures, and waste lands, in the parish of Osbournby, in the county of Lincoln, and a plot of half years meadow land, called Mickling Meadow, in the parishes of Newton and Scot Willoughby, or one of them, in the said county.

66. An act for dividing snd inclosing the open common fields, meadows, pastures, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, in the lordship of Scartho, in the county of Lincoln.

67. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the whole year lands, breeks, common fields, half year or shack lands, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Sedgeford, in the county of Norfolk.

68. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, pastures, meadows, wastes, and all other open and commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Hagworthingham, in the county of Lincoln.

69. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields and meadows, common stinted pasture, and waste lands, within the manor and lordship of Swarby, in the county of Lincoln.

70. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, wastes, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Eaton Socon, in the county of Bedford.

71. An act for dividing and inclosing certain common fields, in the parishes of Hillingdon and Cowley, in the county of Middlesex.

72. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and open fields, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Abbots Bromley, otherwise Pagots Bromley, in the county of Stafford.

73. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields within the hamlets of Upper Eatington and Fulready, in the parish of Lower Eatington, in the county of Warwick, and for taking down and rebuilding the church of the said parish.

74. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open fields, commons, and waste grounds, within the manor of Barlbrough, in the county of Derby.

75. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, meadows, pastures, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, within the manor of Bisbrooke, in the county of Rutland; and for dividing a certain common called Liddington Common, adjoining or lying near to the said manor, between the several manors or liberties to which the same belongs; and for extinguishing certain rights of common upon the open fields and other commonable lands within the manor of Seaton, in the said county.

76. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the parishes of North Leverton and Hablesthorpe otherwise Apesthorpe, in the county of Nottingham.

77. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of South Leverton, in the county of Nottingham.

78. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and open fields, common meadows, common moors, commons, and waste lands, within the parish of Crawley otherwise Husborn Crawley, in the county of Bedford.

79. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons and waste lands, within the manor and parish of Kirby in Ashfield, in the county of Nottingham.

80. An act for dividing, allorting, and inclosing, the whole year lands, common fields, half year or shack lands, fens, commons, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Great Hockham, in the county of Norfolk.

81. An act for dividing and inclosing certain moors, commons, or waste lands, within the manor of Barnard Castle, in the parish of Gainford, and county of Durham, called Barnard Castle Moor, The Little Moor, Glenting Green, and The Baiting Steads.

82. An act for effectuating an agreement entered into between Charles Chaplin esq; and the master of the hospital of Saint Michael the archangel, at Well, in the county of York, and the vicar of the parish of Well aforesaid, for making certain lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the said parish, and in the hamlet of Snape, within the same, subject to certain trusts, rights, or interests, in favour of the said hospital, and to an annual portion or payment to the vicar of Well in lieu of other lands and tythes at Well and Snape aforesaid, and Masham, in the said county.

83. An act for enabling the lord bishop of London to grant a lease, with powers of renewal, of lands, in the parish of Paddington, in the county of Middlesex, for the purpose of building upon.

84. An act for vesting a certain part of the settled estates of the rev. William Goddard, in the county of Wilts, in trustees for sale, and for applying the money arising from the sale thereof, in or towards the discharge of the incumbrances affecting the same, and the remaining part of the said settled estates, and for vesting the surplus of the money arising from the sale thereof, (if any) in the purchase of other lands, to be settled to the uses to which the said settled estates now stand limited.

85. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, downs, and other commonable and waste lands, in the parish of Poulton, in the county of Wilts.

86. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands, within the parish of Hasfield, in the county of Gloucester.

87. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and common fields, meadows, closes, commonable lands, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the several parishes of Saint Paul, Saint Peter, and Saint Cuthbert, in the town of Bedford, in the county of Bedford.

88. An act to enable Patrick Murray Threipland, and the heirs of entail in the lands and estate of Barnhill, to exchange the said lands and estate of Barnhill, lying in the county of Perth, for certain parts of the lands and estate of Fingask, lying within the said county of Perth, belonging to Stuart Threipland, of Fingask, physician in Edinburgh, in life rent, and the said Patrick Murray Threipland in fee.

89. An act for sale of an estate in the parish of Bentworth, in the county of Southampton, which has been purchased with a legacy given by the will of Richard Aldworth esq; deceased, for certain charitable purposes, and for applying the money to arise by such sale for the like purposes.

90. An act for confirming and rendering effectual a partition and division between the right honourable Thomas Conolly, Henry Vernon esq; Leveson Vernon esq; and Richard William Howard Vyse an infant, of divers manors, lands, and hereditaments, (heretofore the estate of the right honourable William earl of Strafford, deceased), in the several counties of Bedford, Northampton, Suffolk, Kent, Surrey, Middlesex, and the city of London.

91. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields, ings, commons, and waste grounds, within the manor, township, and parish of Swillington, in the west riding of the county of York.

92. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open and common fields, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Woodborough, in the county of Nottingham.

93. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands, within the parish or chapelry of Chastistey otherwise Chacely, in the county of Worcester.

94. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, meadows, pastures, heaths, wastes, and all other open and commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Ropsley, and in the liberties or townships of Great Humby and Little Humby, in the County of Lincoln.

95. An act for dividing and allotting the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Kelshall, in the county of Hertford.

96. An act for naturalizng John Lewis Moilliet.

97. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open fields, pasture, waste, and other uninclosed lands and grounds, within the parish or lordship of Londonthorpe, in the county of Lincoln.

98. An act for dividing and inclosing certain commons and waste grounds, within the barony of Greystoke, in the county of Cumberland.

99. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open fields, heaths, pastures, commonable lands and waste grounds, within the lordship or liberties of Spittlegate, Houghton, and Walton, in the parish of Grantham, in the county of Lincoln.

100. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons and Waste lands, common fields, and mesne inclosures, within the manor and parish of Eckington, in the county of Derby.

101. An act for dividing and inclosing the open arable fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the parishes of East Stoke and Elston, in the county of Nottingham and for ascertaining the boundaries between the said parishes.

102. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open pastures, commons, and waste lands, within the parish of Harlaxton, in the county of Lincoln.

103. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, commonable lands, common warren, and waste grounds, within the parish of Millbrooke, in the county of Bedford.

104. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, and such other commonable lands and waste grounds are within, and solely belonging to, the lordship of Owmby, in the parish of Searby, in the county of Lincoln.

105. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, an other commonable and waste lands and grounds in the parish of Stration Saint Margaret, in the county of Wilts.

106. An act for dividing and inclosing certain commoanable fields, commons, and waste lands, within the parish of Great Parndon, in the county of Essex.

107. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain tract of common or waste ground called Edgeworth Moor, in the township of Edgeworth, in the parish of Bolton in the Moors, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

108. An act for dividing, inclosing, and draining, the open common fields, common pastures, commonable and waste land and fen lands, within the manor and parish of Warboys, in the county of Huntingdon.

109. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons an waste lands within the lordship or liberty of Aldridge, otherwise Aldrich, in the county of Stafford.

110. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish of Ravensthorpe, in the county of Northampton.

111. An act for naturalizing Peter Boileau.

112. An act for enlarging the time, and reviving certain powers, granted by an act of parliament, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for reviving certain powers granted by an act, made in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 'An act for dividing and inclosing such of the open part of the district called The Forest of Knaresborough, in the county of York, as lie within the eleven constableries thereof, and for other purposes therein mentioned;' and by an act of the fourteenth year of his Majesty's reign, for amending the said former act, and for making the said two acts more effectual.

THE END OF THE TABLES.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno regni GEORGII III. Regis, Magnae Britanniae, Franciae, & Hiberniae, tricesimo quinto.

AT the parliament begun and at Westminster, the twenty-fifth day of November, Anno Domini 1790, in the thirty-first year of the reign of our sovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued, by several prorogations, to the thirtieth day of December 1794; being the fifth session of the seventeenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

[January 21, 1795.]

1 Geo. 3. c. 3. continued to June 24, 1796.

CAP. II.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

[January 21, 1795.]

Four shillings in the pound. - In England to raise 1,989,673l. 7s. 10d. 1q. - In Scotland 47,954l. 1s. 2d. Total, 2,037,627l. 9s, 0d. 1q.

CAP. III.

An act to continue, for a limited time, an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government.

[February 5, 1795.]

Continued to July 1, 1795.

2 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 4. [1795.

CAP. IV.

An act for enabling his Majesty to prohibit the exportation, and permit the importation, of corn, and for allowing the importation of other articles of provision, for a limited time, without payment of duty.

[February 13, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it appears from the general average prices of certain sorts of corn in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, that his Majesty is not now authorised to prohibit the exportation of such sorts of British corn from Scotland, nor to permit the importation of such sorts of foreign corn into Scotland, pursuant to the powers in him vested by two acts, one passed in the thirty-first year of his present Majesty's reign,

[31 Geo. 3. c. 30, and]

intituled An act for regulating the importation and exportation of corn, and the payment of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on British corn exported; the other, passed in the thirty-third year of his present Majesty's reign,

[33 Geo. 3. c. 65, recited.]

intituled An act to amend an act, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 'An act for regulating the importation and exportation of corn, and the payment of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on British corn exported:' and whereas it is expedient, under the present circumstances, that his Majesty, his heirs and successors, should be authorised, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, for a limited time, to prohibit generally the exportation of any sort of corn, and of other articles mentioned in the said acts, from any part of this kingdom, and to permit generally the importation of the same into any part of this kingdom, whatever may be the general average price of any such fort of corn or of oatmeal, and further to permit the same to be imported in British ships, or in ships belonging to persons of any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any manner whatever, and to permit the same to be taken out of warehouse, with out payment of any duty whatever: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

---

[His Majesty in

That, from and after the pasting of this act, ^MbiMhe an<^ untl^ expiration of six weeks from the commencement of exportation t^e next session of parliament, it shall and may be lawful for his

from Great Majesty, his heirs and successors, and he and they is and are

Britain, of any hereby authorised, with the advice of his or their privy council, andpermhthe w^atever may be the general average price of any of the said importation of forts corn or of oatmeal in England or Scotland respectively,

any foreign from time lo time, when and as often as the same shall be judged

corn, &c.duty expedient, to prohibit generally for a limited time the expor-the^kineout tat*on' trolTl England and Scotland respectively, of any British or foreign corn foreign wheat, rye, barley, beer, or bigg, pease, beans, oats, or from ware- any meal or flour, or bread, biscuit, or malt, made thereof, or houses for any Indian corn or maize, or meal or flour made thereof, and furmitfon '&c.to Perte generally the importation, into England or Scotland respectively,

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 4° 3

of any foreign corn or other articles as aforesaid, in any British ship or vessel, or in any other ship or vessel belonging to persons of any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any manner whatever, without payment of any duty whatsoever; and also the taking out of warehouse for home consumption, of any such foreign corn or other articles as aforesaid, without payment of any duty whatsoever; and also the entering of any such foreign corn or other articles as aforesaid, which shall have been imported into this kingdom on or before the first day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and shall remain on shipboard unentered, without payment of any duty whatsoever; and in like manner to recal such prohibition or permission, either in part or in the whole, if circumstances shall appear so to require, any thing in the said before-mentioned acts, or in any other act, or part of any act, to the contrary notwithstanding;

[Penalty for

and if any person shall export, or shall load or lay on board any ship or other vessel with intent exporting or to export, or if any person shall import, any corn or other arti- ^Jt°r^tinrf3erc cles as aforesaid, contrary to such prohibition or permission of to his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, the person so exporting, or loading or laying on board with intent to export, or the person so importing the same, shall be liable and subject to the like forfeitures and penalties, and the said corn or other articles, and the ship or vessel in which the same shall be exported, or loaded or laid on board, or in which the same shall be imported, shall be subject and liable to the like forfeitures, and in like manner to be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed, as if the said corn or other articles were exported, or loaded or laid on board, or imported, contrary to the provisions cf either of the said two acts, passed in the thirty-first and in the Power so pro'* thirty-third years of his present Majesty's reign: provided al- hibit exporta-ways, That the power hereby granted to his Majesty, his heirs tionnottoex-and successors, with the advice of his or their privy council, to prohibit the exportation from this kingdorn, of any sort of corn p0Ited and or other articles as aforesaid, shall not extend; or be construed warehoused to extend, to any foreign corn, meal, or flour, that shall have agreeable to been imported and warehoused, in the manner and on the con- ^ited^ ditions mentioned in the before-mentioned act of the thirty-first out for home year of his present Majesty's reign, and shall not have been taken consumption. out of such warehouse for home consumption.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in every such His Majesty in case it shall and may lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and fuc- council may ceflors, with the advice of his or their privy council, to permit carrviri^coast-the carrying coastwise, or Carrying out, or the exportation, ' of wiie, &c. the several forts of corn, or other articles as aforesaid, for all or corn, &c. for any of the purposes mentioned in the said two acts passed in the the purposes thirty-first and thirty-third years of his present Majesty's reign, ^recit^d^ or either of them, in like manner, and in the same proportions acts, and quantities, and from and to the same ports and places as is allowed by the said two acts, or either of them, at such times as any of the several forts of corn, or other articles as aforesaid,

£ 3 are

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 4.

[1 795.

are prohibited to be exported, subject to the like securities, conditions, regulations, and restrictions* forfeitures and penalties, as are by the said two acts, or by either of them, in any such case required and imposed.

III. And whereas it is like-wife expedient, under the present cir» cum/lancesy to permit, for a limited time, the importation of certain other provisions into Great Britain, in British ships, or in flips belonging to persons of any kingdom or fate in amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any manner whatever, without payment of any Certain arti- duty whatever; be it therefore further enacted by the authority im^T'ed ^into a^ore^a^5 That, from and after the passing of this act, and until Great Britain t^ie exphation of iix weeks from the commencement of the next from any section of parliament, it shall and may be lawful to and for any place, in Bri- person or persons whatever to import into Great Britain, from vesselsbelon°r an*y Port or P^ace whatever, in any Brit if.b Clip or vessel, or in ing to places*" any other ship or vessel belonging to persons of any kingdom or in amity with state in amity with his Majesty, and navigated in any manner his Majesty, whatever, any beans called Kidney or French Beans, tares, lentiles, dutyfree. callivancies, and all other forts of pulse; and also bulls, cowSj oxen, calyes, sheep, lambs, and swine; beef, pork, mutton, veal, and lamb, whether salted or otherwise; bacon, hams, tongues, butter, cheese, potatoes, rice, sago, sago-powder, tapioca, vermicelli, millet feed, poultry, fowls, eggs, game, and four-crout, without the payment of any duty whatever, at all times before the said expiration of six weeks from the commencement of the said next session of parliament; any thing in any act or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority Entry of such aforesaid, That a due entry shall be made of all such beans called ^with^he *ney or French Feans, tares, lentiles, callivancies, and all other officer of the ^orts Pu^e; and of such bulls, cows, oxen, calyes, sheep, customs, on lambs, and swine; beef and pork, veal, mutton, and lamb; penalty of for- bacon, hams, tongues, butter, cheese, potatoes, rice, sago, sago-texture. powder, tapioca, vermicelli, millet feed, poultry, fowls, eggs,

game, and four-crout, that shall be imported by virtue of this act, or any order in council made under the authority thereof, with the proper officers of the customs at the port into which the same shall be imported; and in default thereof, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs.

Howpenaltiea V, And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Sr^and dif^ penalties and forfeitures created and incurred by this act, (and posed of not herein otherwise specially directed to be prosecuted and recovered), shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, in such manner, and by such ways, means, and methods, as any penalties incurred, or any goods, ships, or vessels, forfeited for any offence against the laws of customs, may now be legally sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and the officer or officers concerned in seizures or prosecutions under this act shall be entitled to, and receive such share of the pro-; duce

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 4.

duce arising from the seizures as they are now by law entitled to upon prosecutions of seizures for unlawful importation, and to such ffcare of the produce arising from any pecuniary fine or penalty, or composition paid for any offence againU this act, as they are now by any law or regulation entitled to upon prosecutions for pecuniary penalties.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That If any such ar-

in case any such beans called Kidney or French Beans, tares, len- keen^m*'^ tiles, callivancies, or other forts of pulse; or bulls, cows, oxen, b^Dec^i* C calyes, fi)eep, lambs, swine, beef, pork, veal, mutton, lamb, ba- 1794, and recoil, hams, tongues, butter, cheese, potatoes, rice, sago, sago- main on board powder, tapioca, vermicelli, millet feed, poultry, fowls, eggs, or

game, or four-crout, herein-before permitted to be imported ^rehouses without payment of duty, shall have been imported into this they may be kingdom on or before the said first day of December last, and shall delivered for remain on shipboard unentered, or shall be lodged and secured

in any warehouse or warehouses in this kingdom under his tyTree01^ U* Majesty's locks, the duties due by law not having been paid on such goods, it shall and may be lawful for the proper officers of his Majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, during the continuance of this act, to deliver any such goods to the importers or proprietors thereof for home consumption, without payment of any duty whatever, on a regular entry being first: made for the same, with the proper officers of the customs; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That notwithstanding any thing contained His Majesty in this, or in any other act, it shall and may be lawful to and for in council^his Majesty, his heirs and successors, during the continuance of ^p^miJVhe this act, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, importation from time to time to prohibit, or from time to time to permit, of such arti-the importation of any beans called Kidney or French Beans, cles, as may-tares, lentiles, callivancies, and all other forts of pulse; and of expedient, bulls, cows, oxen, calyes, Sleep, lambs, swine, beef, pork, veal,

mutton, lamb, bacon, hams, tongues, butter, cheese, potatoes, rice, sago, sago-powder, tapioca, vermicelli, millet feed, poultry, fowls, eggs, game, and four-crout, for such time or times, and in such manner, and under such restrictions and regulations, as may be thought expedient and proper.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That copies of such orders Copies of or-as shall be made by his Majesty in council, for any of the purposes mentioned in this act, if made when parliament is fitting, before shall be laid before both houses of parliament within three days parliament, after the same shall have been issued; and if made v/hen parliament is not fitting, then within fourteen days after the meeting of the next session of parliament.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be law-Adf maybe ful to alter or repeal this present act, and every or any thing therein contained, in this present session of parliament. session. 11

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5. [1795.

CAP. V.

An act for raising a certain number of, in the counties

Englander the service of navy.

[March 5, 1795.]

WHEREAS it is expedient for the publick service, at the present conjuncture, that the rnojl effectual measures should he adopted, for providing a speedy supply of men to serve in his Majesty's navy: may it therefore please your Majesty that it be enactedj and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That there shall be levied, within that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, in the several counties, ridings, shall be levied ancj divisions, herein after mentioned, such able-bodied men to the^pr^opor-411*erve Majesty in the navy of Great Britain, at such times, tions follow- and in such manner, as is herein directed; and that the number men to be levied by virtue of this act shall be as follows (that is to say),

---

For the county of Bedford, sixty-seven.

For the county of Berks, one hundred and eight.

For the county of Bucks, one hundred and seventeen.

For the county of Cambridge, one hundred and twenty-six.

For the county of Chester, with the city and county of the city of Chester, two hundred and forty-six.

For the county of Cornwall, one hundred and ninety-four.

For the county of Cumberland, one hundred and eighty-four.

For the county of Derby, one hundred and ninety-four.

For the county of Devon, with the city and county of the city of Exeter, three hundred and ninety-three.

For the county of Dorset, with the town and county of the town of Poole, one hundred and forty-two.

For the county of Durham, one hundred and seventy-three.

For the county of Essex, two hundred and forty-four.

For the county of Gloucester, with the city and county of the city of Gloucester, and the city and county of the city of Bristol, two hundred and one.

For the county of Hereford, one hundred and two.

For the county of Hertford, one hundred and fourteen.

For the county of Huntingdon, forty-five.

For the county of Kent, with the city and county of the city of Canterbury, and such of the cinque ports as are situate within the said county of Kent, four hundred and forty.

For the county of Lancaster, five hundred and eighty-nine.

For the county of Leicester, one hundred and eighty-three.

---

For the division of Lindsey, in the county of Lincoln, with the city and county of the city of Lincoln, one hundred and ninety-one; for the division of Kefleven, in the said county of Lincoln, ninety-three; and for the division of Holland., in the said county of Lincoln, fifty-eight.

6

Preamble-

Men to serve in the navy

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5.

For the city and county of the city of London, one hundred and ninety-eight.

For the county of Middlesex, inclusive of the division commonly called The Tower Hamlets, and the liberty of the Tower, four hundred and fifty-one.

For the county of Monmouth, fifty-eight.

For the county of Norfolk, with the city and county of the city of Norwich, two hundred and sixty.

For the county of Northampton, one hundred and thirty-seven.

For the county of Northumberland, with the town and county of the town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, one hundred and seventy-six.

For the county of Nottingham, with the town and county of the town of Nottingham, one hundred and sixty-one.

For the county of Oxford, one hundred and twenty-seven.

For the county of Rutland, twenty-three.

For the county of Salop, one hundred and seventy-six.

For the county of Somerset, three hundred and fifty-one.

For the county of Southampton, with the town and county of the town of Southampton, two hundred and thirty-six.

For the county of Stafford, with the city and county of the city of Litchfield, two hundred and forty-five.

For the county of Suffolk, two hundred and sixty-three.

For the county of Surrey, three hundred and twenty-three.

For the county of Sussex, with such of the cinque ports as are situate within the said county, one hundred and seventy-two.

For the county of Warwick, with the city and county of the city of Coventry, one hundred and ninety-three.

For the county of Westmoreland, sixty-nine.

For the county of Worcester, with the city and county of the city of Worcester, one hundred and twenty.

For the county of Wilts, one hundred and sixty.

For the east riding of the county of York, with the town and county of the town of Kingston upon Hull, one hundred and seventy-five; for the west riding of the said county, six hundred and nine; and for the north riding of the said county, with the city and county of the city of York, two hundred and ninety-seven.

For the county of Anglesea, thirty-four.

For the county of Brecknock, forty-one.

For the county of Cardigan, thirty-six.

For the county of Carmarthen, with the county borough of Carmarthen, sixty-seven.

For the county of Carnarvon, thirty-six.

For the county of Denbigh, seventy-three.

For the county of Flint, thirty-eight.

For the county of Glamorgan, seventy-six.

For the county of Merioneth, forty-three.

For the county of Montgomery, sixty-nine.

For the county of Pembroke, with the town and county of the town of Haverfordwest, forty-six.

For the county of Radnor, twenty-six.

7 8 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5. [1795.

Admiralty to

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ce^s°to\'e^u" anc^ may for the Commissioners for executing thfe

late the ad- office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, and million of they are hereby required, to constitute and appoint, in such of the

men, &c. counties, ridings, or divisions, in such part of Great Britain as

aforesaid, (except in the city and county of the city of London)y io many officers to regulate the admission of men to be levied under the authority of this act for his Majesty's service, as the said of shall deem necessary; who, being so respectively appointed, shall establish a convenient place or places of rendezvous, in each such county, riding, or division, (except the city and county of the city of London as aforesaid), for the reception of such men; and every such man so to be levied shall, before his inrolment, be examined by one such regulating officer at the least, as to his ability to serve his Majesty; and every such officer shall have full power of approving or of rejecting any man tendered to serve his Majesty, subject nevertheless to such controul and superintendance as by this act is particularly directed. Justices, with-

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in ar days the ju{Roes of the peace adding in and for the several counties,

this act to* ridings, and divisions aforesaid, shall, within a time not exceeding hold a general twenty-one days after the passing of this add, afletnble together at sessions for^some convenient place in each county, riding, or division, where carrying it in- the general quarter sessions of the peace have heretofore or usually lon* been held, and there hold a court of general sessions, for the purpose of carrying effectually into execution the powers given to them by this add; and that in every case where any city, town or borough, cinque port or liberty, is hereby united with any county at large, riding, or division, in estimating the number of men to be raised by virtue of this add, the justices of such city, town or borough, cinque port or liberty, shall assemble themselves together with the justices of such county at large, riding, or division, and the justices so assembled shall respectively have and be entitled to exercise the powers and jurisdictions of justices of the peace, in all things touching the execution of this add, as well for such city, town, borough, cinque port or liberty, as also for such county at large, riding, or division, and shall be deemed and taken to be such justices respectively, without any other or further qualification; and that the said justices so assembled may, from time to time, as often as they shall find it necessary, adjourn such court of general sessions, so that such adjournment shall not be for any longer time than from day to day (Sundays excepted) until they shall have fully and effectually carried this add into execution, in respect of the powers veiled in such court of general sessions by this act, except as to such adjournment as shall be made to the quarter sessions as hsrein-after is mentioned.

Clerk of the

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That peace, with the c]^ of the peace of every county, riding, or division, where two^ustice^ a court general sessions is hereby directed to be held, shall, with to appoint the the assent of any two justices of the peace of any such county, time of hold- riding, or division, appoint a time and place of holding the first

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5. 9

court of general sessions, to be held by virtue of this act, of which ing the first notice shall be given in any newspaper usually circulated in such |^ra* county, riding, or division, five days at the leatt before the day appointed for holding such court; and in case, at such time of appoint- If sufficient ing such court, or at any subsequent time of appointing such court justices do not by adjournment, there shall not be justices of the peace attending^'^'^sufficient to hold such general sessions, any one justice of the peace adjourned, who shall there attend shall and may adjourn the same to the next day, and so from day to day (Sundays excepted) until such court shall be held; and in case no such justice shall attend at the time and place appointed for holding such court, then the cleric of the peace shall adjourn the time of holding such court from day to day (Sundays excepted) until such court shall be du!y held.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Treasurvto the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being cause lifts -to shall cause to be prepared true lifts of the number of all the inha-^the number bited houses within the limits of the jurisdiction of each court of of inhabited general sessions, which are assessed and pay to the duties on inha-houses within bited houses, or to the duties on houses, windows, or lights, in the limits of such part of Great Britain as aforesaid, by virtue of any act or a 61s of parliament now in force, distinguishing therein each hundredrt() pay\}le rape, lath, wapentake, or districts, and also each parish, tything, ties on houses, or place, within such hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or district, Sec. and laid and shall cause the same to be laid belore the juf luces then affiem-bled at their respective courts of general sessions, by the respect f^-veyor of the tive Surveyors of the said duties, and to be by them verified on duties, oath, if required (which oath the said justices then assembled are hereby authorised to administer); and such justices reflectively Justices to ap* shall proceed to appoint what number of men shall serve for each point what such hundred, city, or town, rape, lath, wapentake, or distri6>, menHaalMerv-and also for each parish, tything, or place, separately supporting for each hun- its own poor, within such hundred, city, or town, rape, lath, dred, &c.; wapentake, or district respectively, and in proportion, as nearly as may be, to the number of houses therein respectively affected and paying to the said duties, and so as the whole number of men appointed by this act to be raised for such county, riding, or division, may be included, and shall iftiie an order, signed by the and to order clerk of the peace of such county, riding, or division, to the chiefthe constablea constables or other officers of the respective hundreds, laths, wa % of theimmbe? pentakes, or other districts, within such counties, ridings, or divi- and the time* fions as aforesaid, requiring them to give notice to the church- for raffing wardens or overseers of the poor of every parish, tithing, or place, thenft to the separately supporting its own poor, within their respective hun-°cers* dreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other districts, of the number of men so appointed to be levied for such parishes, ty things, or places respectively, and of the time allowed for raising the same, and of making a return to such orders; all which particulars shall be specified in such orders and notices respectively: and the said juf- Justices at ge-tices, at such court of general sessions, shall also appoint petty fef- tiera! sessions fioris to be held within the different districtrs of each county, riding, or division, wherein petty sessions have been usually held, and also j^ceivin^8

Within returns, and

At first petty sessions, constables and

io Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5. [1795.

pttefting and within each city, borough, town, cinque port, or liberty, having trolling men. magistrates of itself, for the purpose of receiving the returns of the officers of the several parishes, tythings, or places, within those districts respectively, and of attesting and causing to be inrolled the number of men to be raised by virtue of this act, after such persons shall be approved of by the regulating officer or officers to be appointed for that purpose; and the said justices shall also appoint a time for holding the first petty sessions to be holden paHfh officers ln eac^ distriQ under this act, at which first petty sessions returns to make re- shall be made by the chief constables and other officers, and also turns, See. by the churchwardens or overseers, of all matters and things done by them in pursuance of this act, according to the directions therein contained, and wffiich petty sessions shall be appointed at a day not later than twenty-one days after issuing the orders before-mentioned; and such justices, having completed such orders, shall and may then adjourn their court of general sessions to, the next quarter sessions of the peace to be holden for such county, riding, or division.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-

Mayor, $ec. of rity aforesaid, That the mayor, recorder, and aldermen of the city London, at Gf London, assembled at the general sessions of the peace to be held Effion^to ap-n anc* ^or by virtue of this act, shall appoint the

pointthenum- number of men to serve for each ward or parish, precinct, liberty, ber of men to and place, separately supporting its own poor, within the city, and serve for each county of the city of London aforesaid, as nearly as may be to the ^oooortion^o amount of the assessment to the duties on inhabited houses, and the amount of the duties on houses, windows, or lights, in such ward or parish, the duties on precinct, liberty, and place reflectively, instead of the number of houses. &c. houses therein reflectively assessed and paying to the said duties, as

herein-before directed any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. And, for enabling the mayor, recorder, and aldermen of the city of London aforesaid to appoint or apportion the number of men hereinbefore direlied, be it further enacted by the authority afore-

Clerks to the said. That the clerk or clerks to the respective of for of carrying into execution the several acts of parliament respecting or Thouses^&c duties on inhabited houses, and the duties on houses, windows, in London, to or lights, in the city and county of the city of London aforesaid, prepare lifts of shall prepare, or cause to be prepared, true lifts of the number ofke nubers a]j inhabited houses which are aftested, and pay to the duties on Lflech and\he*inhabited houses, or to the dutites on houses, windows, or lights, amount of the in the city and county of the city of London aforesaid, by virtue assessments in of any aeft or acts of parliament now in force, and also the amount; each ward, of the assessments of the said duties respectively, distinguisining before the^herein each ward or parish, precincft, liberty, or place, separately mayor, See. supporting its own poor, within the city and county of the city of London aforesaid; and the said lifts shall respectively be verified on oath by the said clerk or clerks, if required, (which oath the faicf mayor, recorder, or aldermen respectively, are hereby authorised to administer), and laid before the mayor, recorder, and aldermen, assembled at their respective general or quarter sessions aforesaid.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5* 11

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, within every county, riding, or division, (not being a city, What justices town, or borough, and a county of itself, nor a city, borough, ^fessionT town corporate, cinque port, or liberty, having respectively their^y own magistrates or justices), the justices of the peace usually ad!ing in and for the district wherein such petty sections shall be directed by the court of general sections to be held, or such other justices as shall be specially appointed by the court of general sessions to act in such district, which they are hereby authorised to appoint in every district where they shall see occasion, shall be the justices for holding such petty sections, and no other; and that within any city, borough, tov/n corporate, cinque port, or liberty, or any city, borough, or town, being a county of itself, the justices or magistrates of such city, borough, town corporate, cinque port, or liberty, and no other, shall hold such petty Justices to sections within such city, borough, town corporate, cinque port, hold the petty or liberty; and such justices respectively shall meet and hold ^oh^teefb11 their respective petty sections at the time and place appointed by the general*the general sections, and shall receive the returns of the church- sections, and wardens and overseers of the poor of all such parishes, tythings, receive the and places respectively, touching the execution of the orders given to them under this act; and shall, at their first petty sections ett

to be held by virtue of this act, fix a time or times for hearing f^o^s t/fU the appeals of parishes, tythings, or places, charged to raise a time for men under this act, against the proceedings of regulating officers hearing ap-la be appointed under this act, as herein after is direct!ed; and peals. &c. ftlall give notice at what time or times, place or places, any such appeal may be heard and determined, and which shall not be later than twenty days after the respective times appointed for making returns by the churchwardens or overseers respective-ly; and such justices shall then and there meet to hear and determine such appeals, and in all respects shall do and execute, with diligence and dispatch, all matters and things intrusted to them by this act; and any one or more of such justices there at- Petty sections tending, or in default of such attendance the high constable or pay bead-other principal officer of the peace of the hundred, rape, lath, Journe*wapentake, city, borough, town, liberty, or place, wherein such petty sections shall be held, shall have authority from time to time to adjourn the petty sessions, giving publick notice of the time and place of holding the next adjourned sections, and so from time to time, as there shall be occasion, by causing such notice in writing to be affixed on the door of the church or chapel of the place where such sections shall be held, two days at leaf! before the time of holding such sections, where such time shall intervene, otherwise at such convenient time as shall be most expedient.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, General fef-That it shall be lawful for the said justices at their general lions may add sessions to add together, whenever they shall think it necessary, together two two or more parishes, tythings, or places, for the raising any saan or number of men, by virtue of this act, so as to make the men> &c.

' charge

12 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5. [1795.

charge within every parish, tything, or place, as equal and impartial as possible; and that where the parishes, tythings, or places, so added together, shall lie in» different hundreds, rapes, Jaths, wapentakes, or districts, within the same county, riding, or division, to direct in what hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or district, the same shall be considered, for the purposes of this act; and the said justices, and also the justices at their petty sessions, and all churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the said parishes, tythings, and places respectively, so added together, shall proceed to raise the proportion of men, in like manner as if they had been originally charged upon one parish, tything, or place; and the churchwardens and overseers of the several parishes, tythings, and places, so added together, shall act together in the execution of this act as if they were respectively officers ard also extra-of one and the same parish, tything, or place; and that where other^hoes there shall be any extra-parochial place, or other place wherein where no no rate for the rcbef of the poor shall have been made within poors rates the space of three years next before the passing of this act, it shall have shall be lawful for such justices at such general sessions to add

been made for extra-parochial or other place where no rates have been three years, to

places adjoin- made as aforesaid, for raising the quota or men by virtue of this act, to any parish, tything, or place adjoining thereto, and where churchwardens or overseers shall be appointed and shall act; and such churchwardens or overseers of such other parish, tything, or place, shall, for the purposes of this act, by virtue of such adcition, be appointed to ad, and shall act, as churchwardens or overseers of such extra-parochial or other place where there arc no rates as aforesaid; and in all such cases the churchwardens and overseers acting together for such parishes, tythings, or places (whether parochial or extra-parochial), by virtue of this act, shall hold their meetings under this act in the parish, tything, or place, which shall be named first in such order of general sessions; and if any difference or disagreement shall arise between the inhabitants or officers of any parish, tything, or place, or between the officers of different parishes, tythings, or places, touching the execution of this act, the justices of the ty fessionsPto Peace magistrates, acting in and for the district where such determine dif- difference or disagreement shall happen, shall at any petty sessions, ferences be- and they are hereby authorised, at the request or upon the com-t a^or^ifh P^a*nt any inhabitant of any such parish, tything, or place, to

officers.1 bear and determine the same, and! make such order therein.as to them shall seem meet, and such orders shall be final and conclusive to all parties.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority Fines for de- aforesaid, That where any such parishes, tythings, or places shall m^n or btmf added together as aforesaid, and any fine or fines shall be ad-tieTto bepro-to be levied for default of raising the proper proportion of portioned be- men; or any sum or sums of money agreed to be given as a tween places bounty or bounties to any man' or men raised in pursuance added toge- Of t^js a(^ shall be ffireded to be levied, such fine or fines, and bounty or bounties respectively, shall be divided and appor-« tioned,

ing thereto.

Parish officers acting lb together, to hold their meetings in the place named hrft in the order of general sessions.

ther, accord-

in the churc stands, See,

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5.

tioned, as near as may be, between fitch parishes, tythings, and ing to the places respectively, in such proportions as the number of inhabited dumber of in-houses assessed to and paying the said duties in each parish, tyth- eS

ing, or phcc, shall bear to each other; and the respective juf- each, tices are hereby authorised and required to divide and apportion the same accordingly.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The charge

where any parish shall lie in two or more counties, ridings, or for raising divisions, the charge imposed upon such parish, for raising men in

for his Majesty's service by this act, shall be in the county, rid - two counties ing, or division, where the church belonging to such parish is shall be made situated*, and that such parish shall, for the purposes of this act,

be deemed part of the county, riding, or division; and the +^bounty or bounties to be levied (or in case any line or fines shall be levied of such parish for default in not raising men for the purposes of this act, then also such fine and lines respectively) shall be paid to the treasurer of such county, riding, or division.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, Craike shall be for the several purposes of this act, the constablery of Craike, deemed part which is a parcel of the county of Durham, surrounded by part of

of the north riding of the county of York, shall be deemed to be Yorkshire; situate within, and part of, the said north riding; and that part of that part of the parish of Maker, which lies in the county of Cornwall, shall Maker as lies be deemed to be situate within, and part of, the county of Cornwall; and that the town and parish of Wokingham shall be deemed county; to be situate within, and part of, the county of Berks; and that Wokingham, the township of Filey shall be deemed to be situate within, and part of the part of, the east riding of the county of York; and that Threap- File r

wood shall be deemed to be situate within, and part of, the parish partof the* of Worthenbury in the county of Flint; and that the parish of east. riding of Saint Martin, called Stamford Baron, in the suburbs of the bo- Yorkshire; rough and town of Stamford on the south side of the waters called ^of Welland, shall be deemed to be situate within par of the county parish of of Lincoln; and that the several towns and places herein-before Worthen-mentioned, and deemed to be situate within, and part of, the bury; and several counties, ridings, and places aforesaid, for the purposes ^r1^orc^r oi this act, shall be subject to the jurisdiction and authority of Of Lincoln the justices of the peace and other officers of the respective fuire. counties, ridings, and places, within which such towns and places are hereby deemed to be situate; any law, ufuage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Parish officers

the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of every parish, tyth- to.c: l1! t^je ing, or place, to whom notice of such orders as aforesaid shall be lA-

nts to-call gather, to

given, shall, immediately after the receiving such nonce, together the principal inhabitants of such parish, tything, or consider of place, to a vestry or other meeting, to take into consideration the cr"

moll speedy and effectual means of raising the number of.men appointed to be raised by them in pursuance of this act, of which men; meeting two days publick notice shall be given in writing, by affixing the same on the church or chapel door of every such

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5. [1795.

and, with their consent, to agree with volunteers to serve in the navyj

and to make rates for the bounties, &c.

Parish officers may reimburse themselves money paid to volunteers.

Power for col-]e<sting poor rates to extend to this

parish, tything, or place, or where there is no church or chapel, -then on the church or chapel door nearest thereto, specifying the cause of calling such vestry or meeting; and it shall be lawful for the said churchwardens and overseers respectively, with the consent of the inhabitants of such vestry or meeting so assembled, to agree with any person or persons, subject to such approbation or rejection as herein is mentioned, to enter as a volunteer or volunteers to serve his Majesty in the navy of Great Britain; and if any such churchwardens or overseers shall, pursuant to such consent, agree to give to such volunteer or volunteers any sum or sums of money, as a bounty or bounties for his or their engaging in such service, it shall be lawful for such churchwardens or overseers to make a rate upon the inhabitants of every such parish, tything, or place, according to the rate then made for the relief of the poor; and where two or more parishes, ty things, or places, shall be added together by virtue of this act, such rate shall be made generally for all such parishes, tythings, or places, so added together, and shall be divided and apportioned between them in such proportions as the number of inhabited houses assessed to and paying the said duties in each such parish, tything, or place, shall bear to each other respectively; which rates being published and approved of as rates for the relief of the poor are by law directed to be published and approved of, it shall be lawful for such churchwardens or overseers to colJeft, and reimburse themselves all such sum or sums of money as they shall have paid for such volunteer or volunteers as aforesaid, and the overplus (if any) shall be applied, in like proportions as aforesaid, as part of the poor's rate; and all the like remedies, powers, rules, and methods, used, given, and applied, lor ascertaining, levying, and collecting the rates for the relief of the poor, (except where other provisions are made by this act), shall be used, applied, and put in force, for ascertaining, levying, and collecting the rates to be made by virtue of this act, in all and every the parishes, tythings, and places, whether parochial' or extra-parochial, charged with raising men for such service as aforesaid, in as full and ample a manner as if the same remedies, -powers, rules, and methods, had been extended as well to such extra-parochial as parochial places, and were particularly set forth in this act.

Justices may direct a third of bounties to be advanced, at the request of volunteers, on their being brought for examination; and the residue to remain in the hands of the tresurer till they are muttered on board.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the justices of the peace, before whom any person shall be brought to be examined touching his consent to enter into the said service, to direct any sum not exceeding one third part of the bounty agreed to be paid t-o him on his engaging to serve, to be advanced to such person, of to such of his family, and in such proportions, as he shall request at the time of his inrolment; and that the refldue of such bounty shall be paid into the hands of the said treasurer, there to remairi until the same shall become payable to such person, on his being mustered on beard any of his Majesty's ships of war as herein is directed.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5. 15

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Volunteers to every person who shall agree to enter himself as a volunteer in cfc

such service as aforesaid shall be produced before the officer or nearest regu-officers appointed to regulate such service at the nearest place of lating officer, rendezvous to any parish, tything, or place, for which such vo- and if approve lunteer shall agree to serve; and in case such officer or officers justices, shall, on examination, approve of such volunteer or volunteers whc> shall cer-to serve his Majesty, then such volunteer or volunteers may tify their en-forthwith be brought before two or more justices of the peace tering, and adfing in and for the distridf where any such parish, tything, or par

place, shall be situate; and in case it shall appear to such justices of the peace that such person or persons hath or have voluntarily entered himself or themselves in such service, then such justices shall, and they are required, forthwith to certify under their hands that such person or persons hath or have voluntarily entered himself or themselves in the service of his Majesty's navy, setting forth therein the place or places of the birth or lawful settlement, age or ages, and calling or callings, of him or them respectively, if the same shall be known; and shall also, at the foot of every such certificate, enter the amount of the sums to be paid as a bounty or bounties to such volunteer or volunteers, on his or their entering into such service, and the sums (if any) Certificates to which shall be diredfted to be advanced to him or them at the reguMn^ time of his or their inrolment; and which certificates shall be officer, who delivered to such regulating officer or officers, and the regulating shall cause the officer or officers shall thereupon cause such person or persons volunteers to respectively to be inrolled in his Majesty's naval service. eimo ed.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case the regulating officer or officers at the nearest place If regulating of rendezvous aforesaid shall rejedV any person or persons pro- °cer reject duced before him or them as such volunteer or volunteers as the^ariffi^f-aforesaid, as unfit to serve his Majesty, and the churchwardens ficers mav ap-or overseers of any parish, tything, or place, for which such per- peal to the ion or persons shall have been tendered to serve, shall think Pett>r ieiiions. themselves aggrieved by such determination of such officer or officers, it shall and may be lawful for such churchwardens or overseers, on giving immediate notice to such regulating officer or officers of their intention, to appeal to the justices of the district wherein such parish, tything, or place, shall be situate, assembled at the next petty sessions to be hoklen by virtue of Regulating this adft; and such regulating officer or officers, on receiving such notice, shall, and he and they is and are hereby required, peal, to write before the time of hearing such appeal, to set down his rea- his reasons Tons in writing for such rejection, which reasons, being pro- for such re- duced before such justices at such petty sessions, it shall be ie ion* lawful for such justices, on due consideration thereof, and on Justices order due examination of the person or persons so rejected, to give to be order therein, as in their discretion shall feeei expedient, which orders shall be final and conclusive to all parties; and in case If they re-such justices shall fee cause to refeind the determination of such kind the deregulating officer or officers, and shall cause to be delivered to cermmdtlon 0 0 such

i6

the officer, and cause to be delivered to him a certificate, he shall cause the volunteer to be inrolled.

Officer to enter the names, &c. of persons inrolled in a book, and to transmit du* plicates to the secretary to the admiralty.

Places for which volunteers are in-rolied, to be discharged in respect of them, unless they appear to bedisqualified before being entered.

Parish officers to make returns of volunteers inrolled to the petty fdlions.

Justices to cause returns to be delivered to the clerk of the peace, to be inrolled at the sessions.

If returns of the whole number to be raised by any place be not made to the petty sessions in a limited time, the ju dices m?y

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5, [1795.

such regulating officer or officers such certificate as is hereinbefore directed, then such regulating officer or officers shall forthwith cause such person or persons, so raised and approved of, to be inrolled in his Majesty's service as a volunteer or volunteers; and the said officer or officers shall cause an entry to be made, in some book to be kept by him or them, of the names of volunteers or persons inrolled by virtue of this act, and of the parishes or places of their last abode or lawful let-dement, if they can be known, and of their ages and descriptions, and sums paid on their account, and to whom the same shall be paid, and shall cause true copies or duplicates of such entries to be transmitted to the secretary of the admiralty for the time being, and which shall be made in the form herein after mentioned; and the parish, tything, or place, parishes, tythings, or places, for which such volunteer or volunteers shall be so inrolled to serve, shall be discharged in respect to such volunteer or volunteers so inrolled, unless such volunteer or volunteers shall afterwards, and before he or they shall be entered in any of his Majesty's ships or vessels of war as seamen, respectively appear to be within any of the disqualifications in this act expressly mentioned, and shall be, by reason of such disqualification, discharged from such service, or otherwise taken out of the same, then and in every such case the parish, tything, or place, parishes, tythings, or places, shall be liable to provide other fit and able men in lieu of those who shall so appear to be disqualified, to be raised in the manner directed by this act.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as soon as any person or persons shall be inrolled as such volunteer or volunteers as aforesaid, for any place or places, the churchwardens or overseers of or acting for such place or places shall make a return thereof to the justices of the district, at their petty sessions to be holden next after such inrolment, specifying the name, the place of the birth or lawful settlement, the age, and the calling of every such person, if the same can be known, together with the amount of the sum or sums of money agreed to be paid by way of bounty to every such volunteer, which shall be verified on oath, (if required), and which oath such justices are hereby authorised to administer; and every such return so made, the said justices shall cause to be delivered to the clerk of the peace of the county, riding, or division, to be inrolled at the sessions there, at the next general or quarter sessions to be holden for such county, riding, or division: and in case returns of the whole number of men appointed to be raised by and for any place or places shall not be made to the justices of the district at such petty sessions, within the space of three weeks next after the service of notice of the order of general sessions for raising such number of men, it shall and may be lawful for the justices of such petty sessions to summon before them the churchwardens or overseers of or acting for such place or places making such, default; and in case it shall not be made to appear by such churchwardens or overseers, to the satisfaction of such justices,

that

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5. 17

that such default hath not happened by reason of any wilful neg- summcn the

led of, or disobedience to, the said order of sections, and that the same hath been unavoidable, it shall be lawful for such justices, tkem for

and they are hereby required, to fine the said churchwardens or neglect.

overseers in a sum which shall be ten pounds over and above

the amount of such sum as shall appear (as far as the same can

be ascertained) to have been gi^en on an average as a bounty to-

men inrolled by virtue of this act within the said district, or in

case no men shall be raised -within the said difirid, then in the

nearest d^ftrid for which men shall then have been raised, for each man appointed to be raised by or for such place or places,

and whereof such default shall have been made as aforesaid; and If fines be not

in case the same shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful forthwith

for the said justices to levy the same by warrant under their^'be levied

hands and seals, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of on the parish

such churchwardens or overseers, returning the overplus (if any) officers goods,

to the owner or owners thereof, in case such justices shall act- or raised by a.

judge the default to have been wilfully made by the said church- [^babitants

wardens or overseers; or to cause the same to be raised by a like rate as aforesaid upon any inhabitant or inhabitants of such place or places in case such inhabitant or inhabitants shall be adjudged to have wilfully made such default, such inhabitant or inhabitants being previously summoned by such justices to shew cause why

such rate should not be made; but in case such justices shall in If justices

their judgement deem such default unavoidable, and such church- the

& r n r.- r - r 1 fault unavoid-

wardens or overseers shall require further time for raising the tb€y

number of men.appointed to be raised by them for his Majesty's may allow fur-service, it shall be lawful for such justices, by their order under ther time; their hands, to allow such further time as they shall think reasonable, not exceeding the space of fourteen days from the date of such order; and every such order shall be peremptorily complied with, under pain of forfeiting such sum of money as is before mentioned for each man of whom default shall be made, to be*levied, as herein-before is directed, on such churchwardens or overseers, in case the justices shall adjudge the default to have been wilfully made by such churchwardens or overseers, or otherwise to be levied on the inhabitants of such place.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in and in such

every case where justices shall allow further time for raiding the case shall PJ*o- j*w^cccd ss Dctord

number of men appointed to be raised for his Majesty's service, directed in

such justices shall proceed as herein-before directed, in hearing hearing ap-

and determining the appeals of such parishes, tythings, or places, peals.

to which such further time shall be allowed.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every sum and sums of money agreed to be given Bounty mess a bounty or bounties, or be paid thereout to any man or men ney and fines' raised in pursuance of this a£X, (except such sums as shall have the^co^m^0 been directed by the justices of the peace to be advanced to any treasurer/ man at the time of his inrolment, in his Majesty's service, by virtue of this act), and also all fines levied upon the churchwardens or overseers by distress and sale as aforesaid-, or upon - Vol. XL., C such

Treasurer to place monies to certain accounts.

18 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5. [1795.

such inhabitants b-y a rate, for their default in not raising the number of men appointed to be raised by virtue of this act, shall be forthwith paid into the hands of the treasurer of the county, riding, or division, for the uses and purposes of this act; and such respective treasurers shall place the amount of the fines to the account of the respective parishes, tythings, or places, paying the same, and the amount of the sums paid of the bounties to the account of the In case of de- volunteer or volunteers for whose use the same was collected; and fault aafore- tjiat a}[ cases where such default as aforesaid shall be made, it authorised he for any person or persons, having authority under his Majesty his Majesty to provide men for the service of the navy, to produce may produce any persons as substitutes, or for any such persons voluntarily to or come before any two or more justices of the peace of the district where the parishes, tythings, or places making such default shall be situate, and be examined before such justices as to their consent tofervein his Majesty's navy, as substitutes for such parishes, tythings, or places respectively, and who shall, and they are here-boundesTo^e authorised and required to settle the bounty or bounties to be paid for such substitutes respectively; and such justices shall, in case any such persons shall be approved of by the regulating officer or officers as aforesaid, certify such consent and approbation, together with the names, places of birth, or lawful settlement, ages, and callings of such persons respectively, and the bounties agreed to be paid, in the manner herein-before directed with respect to volunteers; and such justices who are hereby respectively ies of certifi re<Iu*rec^ to grant certificates on the inrolment of any person or catL°tc^the*persons as a volunteer or volunteers, or substitute or substitutes, clerk of the by virtue of this act, shall transmit a copy of every such certifi-peace, to be cate under their hands to the clerk of the peace for the county, ef^on*"^or division, to be inrolled at the sessions there, at the next

general or quarter sessions to be held for such county, riding, or Regulating division; and thereupon such regulating officer shall cause such per-t^bstitutes ^ons to respectively inrolled as such substitutes as aforesaid, and to be inrolled*uch parishes, tythings, or places respectively, for which such which shall substitutes shall be raised, shall be discharged in like manner as

discharge the aforesaid, uiftefs such substitutes shall appear to be disqualified,

respective and reason thereof be taken out of his Majesty's service in the*.*' manner before mentioned; and the said justices shall thereupon

der Treasurer" ma^e an order upon such treasurer as aforesaid, to transfer in his to transfer account, unto the use of such persons respectively so inrolled as bounties to substitutes, such sums of money, not exceeding the amount of the use of sub- the fines levied for such default as aforesaid, as shall have been

may order re- agree<^ to he paid as bounties to such persons respectively; and wards to per- the said justices shall and may, at any time after such substitutes Tons providing shall be respectively entered on board any such iship of war, also

volunteers may offer themselves as such to two justices, who shall settle the

paid; and certify the consent of substitutes.

Justices to transmit co-

them.

Residue of fines to be applied by the

order such further sum of money out of the residue of such fines (if any) to be paid to any person or persons duly authorised to provide men for the navy, who shall appear to such justice to have used diligence in providing any such substitutes, as a reward for the labour, or in payment of lawful charges to be incurred by bringing such substitute to be inrolled; and the residue (if any)*that

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 3.' 19

that shall remain of such fines in the hands of such treasurer, after quarter fef-payment of such sums as aforesaid, or for want of sufficient fub^ ilitutes being provided, shall be in the disposal of the justices at t^e naVy; and the general or quarter sessions of the peace, and shall be by them if any remain applied in providing men for the augmentation of his Majesty's in the treasur-navy, in such manner as in their discretion shall seem expedient; the Midfum* and the said justices shall, in case any part thereof shall remain in mer fe/r10ns- the hands of such treasurer at the Midsummer sessions in the pre- 1795, an ac« sent year, cause to be transmitted an account thereof to the com- count to be missioners of his Majesty's treasury. transmitted to

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, e rea ur* That every such certificate so granted, of a full and true copy Certificates, thereof, signed by such regulating officer or officers, shall in all or copies, to cases where any such person inrolled by virtue of this act, shall be placed under the command of any other officer or officers, either p^ns in^0llecl onshore, or on board any ship or vessel, be transmitted along with and delivered such person so inrolled, and delivered to the commanding officer to the com-of the ship or vessel on board which such person shall be entered to serve; and such commanding officer shall, within four days pejs -m which" from the time of such person being mustered and rated on board they shall be such ship, and before such ship or vessel of war shall proceed to entered, who sea, make out a ticket or tickets for the payment of the bounty shall make out money agreed to be paid to such person on his engaging to serve, Sent ofboun-and then remaining due, and which shall be expressed in the cer- ty money due, tificate granted on that behalf, or in such copy thereof as aforesaid, as for arrears in such manner as if such bounty money had become due to such ^idi^ma be person on account of arrears of wages as a seaman on board such Disagreeably ship or vessel; and such bounty money shall and may be paid to to n Geo. 2. such person, or to such person's family, and in such proportions, as c. 30, &c. such person shall request, in the manner directed by an act, made in the thirty-first year of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the encouragement of seamen employed in the royal navy; and for establishing a regular method for the pun£lual> frequent, and certain payment of their wages; and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the same for the support of their wives and families; and for preventing frauds and abuses attending such payments, or by any other act relating to the payment of such wages: provided always, That where such- person shall desire any How lifts and portion of the said bounty money then remaining due to be paid bills shall be to his family, the lift required to be made out in such case by the ma(?e out by

j*x j contains

captain or commander of such ship or vessel, shall be made out in where persons

the manner required by the said act of the thirty-Arft year of his desire to have

late Majesty aforesaid, except that in such lift the treasurer of the part of their

county, riding, or division, who shall have received such bounty ^Qtheu fami

money for the use of such person so entered in the service of his eir ami*

Majesty, shall be specified, instead of the receiver general of the

land tax, the collector of the customs or excise, or clerk of the

cheque, or other officer, directed by the said act to pay any part of the arrears of wages due to seamen in the navy; and that the bills to be made out thereupon shall be made out by such captain and commander, and directed to such treasurer, and not to such

c 2

receiver

Dounty.

penalty on them for ne-gletft of duty.

'20 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5. [1795.

Rules for pay-receiver general, collector, clerk, or other officer; and that all to^he for ru^esi forms, directions, and methods, used for the payment payment of of wages due to seamen, or payable to their families, in pursuance of the said act of the thirty-first year aforesaid, or by any such other act of parliament, (except as aforesaid), shall be used in like manner for the payment of such bounty money to all and every the men who shall be entered into his Majesty's service in purfu- ance of ths aft, or to their respective families, and in as full and ample a manner, as if the said acts, and every clause therein contained, had been extended and applied particularly by this act to such cases.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Justices may That it shall be lawful for the justices of the peace, assembled ei-attendance of ^er at t^le general or quarter sessions, or for the justices at their constables and Petty sessions within their respective jurisdictions, or any two or parish officers: more of them respectively, irom time to time to issue their order or warrant, under their hands and seals, requiring the attendance of the high constable, constable, tything man, headborough, churchwardens, or overseers of the poor, of or acting for any parish, tything, or place, parishes, tythings, or places, at such time and place as in such order or warrant shall be expressed; and if any such officer shall refuse or neglect to appear according to such order or warrant, or shall refuse or neglect to make such return of all such matters and things directed to be done by them respectively in pursuance of this act, as shall be required of them by the said justices respectively, or to comply with such orders and directions as he or they respectively shall from time to time receive from the said justices, or any two or more of them respectively, in pursuance of this act, or shall, in making such return, be guilty of any fraud or wilful partiality, or gross neglect in his or their duty, the said justices, or any two or more of them respectively, are hereby empowered and required at their discretion to fine such person or persons in any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than five pounds; or in case of any fraud, wilful partiality, or gross neglect as aforesaid, to commit the person so offending to the common gaol, there to be kept, without bail or mainprize, for the space of one calendar month.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Clerk of the That the clerk of the peace of every county, riding, or division, peace, within shall, and he is hereby required, within fourteen days next after the^Midfutn- Senera^ quarter sessions of the peace to be held next after the mer sessions day of Midsummer in the present year, to transmit-to the com-1795, totrans* missioners of the' admiralty a copy, signed by such clerk of the mit to the ad- peace, of every return and certificate of men raised to serve in the navy by virtue of this act; and where such return or certificate'C* shall be omitted to be made, such clerk of the peace shall certify such omission in like manner, and also what proceedings shall have been had at any quarter sessions in relation to the raising sub-flitu&s, where the due proportion of men shall not have been raised by the respective parishes, tythings, and places, charged On penalty of therewith; and if any such clerk of the peace shall refuse or wilfully

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5. 21

neglect to receive, deliver, make, record, or transmit, any such returns or extracts as aforesaid, according to the directions and true meaning of this act, every such clerk of the peace so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall be received or inrolled in Disqualified his Majesty's service, by virtue of this act, who is not, in the

opinion of the regulating officer or officers, such an able-bodied y

man as is fit to serve his Majesty, and is free from ruptures, and every other distemper, or bodily weakness or infirmity, which may render him unfit to perform his duty in the navy; or who, in the

+opinion of such officer or officers, shall appear to be under the age of sixteen years, or above the age of forty-five years; nor any person being an articled clerk or apprentice, nor persons serving under articles in the coal trade, until the expiration of the said articles, (unless with the consent of the master of such clerk or apprentice, or of the master of such other persons as aforesaid); nor any person enlisted in any of his Majesty's forces, whether military or marine, or who has deserted therefrom, or who is already entered in his Majesty's navy; nor any poor man (not being a sea-faring man) who has more than two children born

in wedlock: provided, That no person inrolled by virtue of this but no such

acct shall, by reason of any such disqualification as aforesaid, be V?",

liable to be discharged from his Majesty's service, or taken out of discharged,

the same, unless notice in writing of such disqualification shall be unless notice

given to the officer or officers under whose command such person of his difqua-

shall be, before the time of his entering on board any of his Majesty's

Clips of war as a Tailor, and before the bounty, hereby authorised officer before

to be paid to men raffed by virtue of this a£r, shall have been paid his entering on

or satisfied to him; anything before contained to the contrary board, or re-

notwithstanding. ceiving his

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, nperm^for

That every person inrolled by virtue of this a eft, shall be liable to pe^fons

serve in the navy of Great Britain during the continuance of the inrolled iliali present war, and for the space of three calendar months after the be liable to end of the war^ if the ship on board which such persons shall serve serve.

shall be in any of the ports of Great Britain, or otherwise for the space of three calendar months next after the arrival of such ship in any such port.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person, being inrolled in his Majesty's naval fer- Penalty for device, by virtue of this act, shall desert such service, or, being in^he^ihtary actually entered in such service, shall lift himself in any com- or marine for-pany, troop, or regiment in his Majesty's military or marine ces, linking or forces, without first having a discharge in writing from the said disobeying an

O^ O ntnf'PT* v p

of of the admiralty, or such officer or officers as shall be duly authorised by them for that purpose, or shall strike or use any violence against any officer or officers under whose, command he shall be put, (such officer or officers being in the execution of his or their duty), or shall disobey any lawful command of such officer or officers, all and every person or persons so offending on

% Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5.

[1795."

shore in any such part of Great Britain aforesaid, shall suffer death, or such other punishment as by a court martial shall be in-flic5ted; and such person or persons, being apprehended or in custody for such offence, shall and may be conveyed on board any of his Majesty's ships of war in commission, at any of the ports of this kingdom, and there detained and tried for such offence, in such manner and by such court, as if such offence had been committed on board, or from onboard such Chip of war.

Con Rabies,

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be

&c. may cause lawful to and for the constable, headborough, or tything man of fertm to be' town or P^ace where any person inrolled by virtue of this act, apprehended, who may be reasonably suspected to be such a deserter, shall be and if Tnagif- found, to apprehend or cause him to be apprehended, and to cause trates find such person to be brought before any justice of the peace living in

bee^inrolled2 Qr near town or P^ace' w ^erehy empowered and re-thtv Hi all quired to examine such person; and if by his consession, or the commit them, testimony of one or more witness or witnesses upon oath, or by and transmit the knowledge of such justice of the peace, it shall appear or be

the^dmiralt10 ^oun^ t^iat Person IS a Person duly inrolled in his Majesty's fer-1 1 vice by virtue of this act, such justice of the peace shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the gaol of the county or place where he shall be found, or to the house of correction, or other publick prison, in such town or place where such deserter shall be apprehended, or to The Savoy, in case such deserter shall be apprehended within the cities of London or Westminster, or-places adjacent, and stransmit an account thereof to the secretary of the admiralty for the time being, to the end such person may be proceeded against Gaolers to re- according to law 5 and the keeper of such gaol, house of correction, or prison, shall receive the full subsistence of such deserter during the time he shall continue in his custody, for the maintenance of such deserter, but shall not be entitled to any fee or reward on account of the imprisonment of any such deserter; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. Andy for the better encouragement of any person or persons to secure and apprehend such deserter, be it further en-

Justices to or- acted by the authority aforesaid, That such justice of the peace 2°s* °ut shall also issue his warrant in writing to the colletftor or collectors money ^\o the* t^le tax money of the parish or township where such deserter shall be apprehended, for paying, out of the land tax money arisen or to arise in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, into the hands of such person or persons who shall apprehend or cause to be apprehended any such deserter from his Majesty's service, the sum of twenty shillings for every such de-ierter that shall be so apprehended and committed; which sum of twenty shillings shall be satisfied by such collector or collectors to whom such warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon his or their account.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall harbour, conceal, or aftift, any deserter from his Majesty's said naval service, knowing him to be such, every such person so offending shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of five pounds;

apprehender of a deserter.

Penalty for concealing Utlerters.

celve subsistence of defer*t'-rs, but no fee.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5. 23

and upon conviction by the oath of one or more credible witness

or witnesses before any one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, the said penalties shall be levied, by warrant under the

hands of the said justice or justices of the peace, by distress and

sale of the goods and chattels of the offender, one moiety of the said penalty to be paid to the informer by whose means such defer- Application of

ter shall be apprehended, and the residue of the said respective penalty.

penalties to be paid to the officer to whom any such deserter did

or doth belong, to be credited by him in his accounts; and in Offenders riot

case any such offender, who shall be convicted as aforesaid ofhar- ent distress^r

bouring or assisting any such deserter or deserters, contrary to the not paying'

intent of this act, shall not have sufficient goods and chattels penalty, may

whereon distress may be made to the value of the penalties reco- f^r ^hree

vered against him for such offence, or shall not pay such penalties m0nth8.

within four days after such conviction, then and in such case such

justice or justices shall and may, by \yarrant under his or their

hand and seal, or hands and seals, commit such offender to the

common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the

space of three months.

XXIX. And whereas there may he occaston for the quartering of the men inrolled by virtue of this act, in several parts of this kingdom; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and Men inrolled may be lawful to quarter and billet the men inrolled in his Ma- ted^as^th^ma" jesty's service, by virtue of this act, while on shore, (except in the r; neSt city and county of the city of London aforesaid), in such manner, and at such times and places respectively, and under such and the like powers, rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions, as his Majesty's marine forces may be quartered and billetted, by an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on floor e, or by any other act then in force for the regulation of his Majesty's said marine forces.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall falsely make oath to any of the matters herein-before required to be verified, such person or persons shall suffer the like pains and penalties as are incurred by persons committing wilful and corrupt perjury; and that if any person or persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter, or falsify any certificate or return required or directed to be given or made by this act, or shall knowingly or wilfully make use of any certificate or return so counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified, such person or persons shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of five huru

Penalty for making false oath, or coun -terfeiting certificates of re* turns, &c.

dred pounds.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person inrolled in his Majesty's Persons accus* service by virtue of this act shall be accused of any capital crime, e^T?^eeI1^es or of any violence or offence against: the person, estate, or pro- be

perty, ofiany of his Majesty's subjects, which is punishable by the delivered over known laws of the land, the officer or officers having the com- to the civil mand of such party is and are hereby required to use his and their magistrate, utmost endeavours to deliver over such accused person to the civil

e 4 magistrate,

24 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5. [1795.

magistrate, and shall also be aiding and assisting to the officers of

justice in seizing and apprehending such offender/in order to

Penaly on of- bring him to trial; and if any such officer shall wilfully neglect

ficers not ddi-or refuse, upon application made to him for that purpose, to vcrins* over t 7 1*1 1*

such offenders ^e^ver over such accused person to the-civil magistrate, or to be

aiding and assisting to the officers of justice in the apprehending such offender, every such officer so offending, and being thereof convicted before any two or more justices of the peace for the county, riding, or division, where the fact is committed, by the oath of two credible witnesses, shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any civil or military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty's service, provided the said conviction be affirmed at the next general quarter sessions of the peace for the said county, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to the of of the admiralty for the time being.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. No person in- That no person who shall be inrolled in his Majesty's service by taken out of^v^rtue this act shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's the service but service by any process whatever, other than by some criminal pro-f©r a criminal cess, for some criminal matter punishable by the known laws of matter. the land.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Inrolments, That the several forms of inrolment and of the returns which ffia^b^nwde the justices of the peace, and other officers before-mentioned, in the foilow- are required to cauie to be made and returned of the number of ingform. men levied for his Majesty's service, together with the other particulars herein-before directed, shall be made as follows; videlicet.,

Names of men inrolled

<1

o_

B

n

o

CO

CO Parishes Parishes > Descrip- Sums To Days oh

er pv for which they serve. they belong to on n> CO tions of their persons. paid. whom paid. which they were inrolled, and at

hT what pla-

cn ces.

Justices may

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any fervent settle disputes whate ver, hired by the year or other wise, shall be inrolled, and terrand tfired anydifpute shall arise between his master or mistress, employer servants'in- or employers, and such servant, touching any sum or sums rolied, respect- of money due to such servant for or on account of his service. ing wages, &c. performed

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5. 25

performed before the time of such inrolment, or to such time as he shall be obliged to quit the service of his said mailer or mistress, employer or employers, it shall and may be lawful, on complaint made thereof to any justice of the peace for the county, riding, city, liberty, town corporate, or place where such matter or mif-tress, employer or employers, shall inhabit, for such justice to bear and determine every such complaint, and to examine upon oath every such servant or any other witness or witnesses, touching the same, and to make such order for the payment of so much wages to such servant, in proportion to the service he has performed, as to such justice shall seem just and reasonable; and in case of refusal or nonpayment of any sums so ordered, by the space of seven days next after such determination, such justice shall and may issue forth his and their warrant to levy the same by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such matter or miftrels, employer or employers, rendering the overplus to the owner or owners, after payment of the charges of such distress and sale.

XXXV. Provided also, and be it further 'enabled by the au* tnority aforesaid, That this act, or any thing herein contained, This act not shall not be deemed or confirmed to be a precedent on any future to be a Pr.ec<: - occasion to diminifti or be prejudicial to the rights, liberties, nqhjn^themi- customs, privileges, immunities, and exemptions, to which the rights°of the mayor and commonalty, and citizens, of the city of London, or city of Loathe freemen, citizens, or inhabitants of the said city, are entitled ^on* to enjoy by prescription, act of parliament, charter, ulage, or otherwise howsoever.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, How fines and forfeitures by this act imposed, which shall exceed the sum may be reco-of twenty pounds, (except the fines to be levied for not raising 3Tj

the proportion of men as herein-before is directed), shall be reco- 1

vered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or the courts of great fettion in the principality of Wales, or the courts of the counties palatine of Gbester, Lancaster, and Durham, (as the case shall require), wherein no efthin, privilege, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and that all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this act imposed, which shall not exceed the sum of twenty pounds, shall, upon proof upon oath of the offence before any two or more justices of the peace of the county, riding, or place, where the offence shall be committed, be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the'hands and seals of such justices, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after deducting the charges of such distress and sale, to the person whole goods and chattels shall have been so distrained and fold; and for want of sufficient distress such justices are hereby required, in all cases where no particular time of commitment is herein-before directed, to commit such offender to the common goal of the county, riding, or place, where the offence shall have been committed, for any time not "exceeding three months \ and the money arising by all such fines, penalties, and forfeitures, the application whereof is not otherwise

ze

No order to be removed by Certiorari, nor any writ to fu-percede execution.

Clerks of the peace, treasurers, clerks of petty 1'efii-ons, constables, &c. to receive such rewards as the justices shall judge proper, who shall di-red! payment.

If treasurer shall not have Sufficient of the county rates to pay such reward, the justices may make a rate.

If a place united with any county is not liable to pay county rates, the justices shall ascertain the proportion which it ought to pay.

Limitation of attion6.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5. [1795.

particularly directed by this act, shall be paid, one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of suit, to him or them that will inform or sue for the same,

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no order or con-vidftion made by any justice or justices of the peace by virtue of this act shall be removed by Certiorari into any court whatsoever; and that no writ of Certiorari shall supersede execution, or other proceedings upon any such order or conviction so made in pursuance of this add, but that execution and other proceedings shall be had and made thereupon; any such writ or writs, or allowance thereof, notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the respective clerks of the peace, treasurers, clerks of justices at petty sections, constables and other officers, who are hereby respectively required to execute this a£d in any of the particulars herein mentioned, and who shall respectively execute the same to the satisfaction of the justices of the peace at their respective quarter sessions assembled within the said counties, ridings, divisions, cities, towns, cinque ports, liberties, and places herein mentioned, shall have and receive such rewards, and no other, (except such rewards as shall be directed to be paid to any person for his pains or charges in raising substitutes as hereinbefore directed), for their care and trouble in and about the executing of this act, and for their respective expences and charges in the same, as the said justices shall judge the said officers to have deserved, and the said justices shall, after allowance thereof, direct the same to be paid by the treasurer or other officer of such county, riding, or division, out of any money in his hands of the county rates; and if such treasurer or officer shall not have sufficient money in his hands of the county rates to pay the same, then such justices shall, and are hereby authorised and required to make a rate for the payment of the same, in such manner and form as they are authorised by law to make rates for the repair of gaols or county bridges, or any other purposes for which the rate commonly called The county rate is or may by law be applicable.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any district, town, liberty, or place, which is hereby united with any county for the purposes of this act, is not liable to such county rate, then the said justices hereby appointed for the carrying into execution the purposes of this act, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required jointly to ascertain the proportions of such rate which ought to be defrayed by such district, town, liberty, or place, according to the number of inhabited houses paying taxes within the same, and the amount so ascertained shall be levied within such district, town, liberty, or place, by the justices thereof, by a rate in the same manner as any justices might in a county levy money for county purposes.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any action shall be brought against any person or persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within

fix

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5.' 27

six months next after the fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the county or place where the cause of complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give General issue. this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit, pr if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their action or suit, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and have the Treble costs. like remedy for the same as any defendant hath in other cases to recover costs by law.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be ^peased this made in this present session of parliament. session.

XJLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the forms of the proceedings relative to the several matters Forms in an-contained in this act, which are set forth and expressed in the nexed sche-schedule hereunto annexed, may be used on all occasions, with ma^ such additions and variations only, as may be necessary to adapt them to the particular exigencies of the case; and that no objec- Noobjeftion tion shall be made, or advantage taken, for want of form in any to be made for such proceedings by any person or persons whatever. want of form*

THE SCHEDULE

To which this act refers.

No. 1.

FORM of appointment of general fejfms.

To the justices of the peace for the county (riding, or division) of

WHEREAS it is enacted, by an act, intituled, [here set forth the title of the att\ and passed on the day of that the justices of the peace acting in and for the county of

{or riding, or division, as the case may be), shall, within a time not exceeding twenty-one days after the passing of that act, assemble together at some convenient place in the said county of {or riding, or division), where the

general quarter sessions of the peace have heretofore or usually been held, and there hold a court of general sessions for the purpose of carrying effectually into execution the powers given to

them

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5. [1795.

them by the said act, in pursuance of notice to be given by the clerk of the peace, with the consent of two justices of the peace, in any newspaper usually circulated in the said county of five days at the lead: before the day appointed for holding such court: notice is hereby given that I clerk of the peace for the cgunty (riding, or division) of by virtue of the powers and in pursuance of the direction contained in that act, have appointed, and do hereby appoint, with the ailent of A.B. and CD. two of the justices of the peace of the said county, (riding, or division), a general sessions, to be holden the day of next ensuing,

at the of in the said county, (riding or division), at the hall there situate, at the hour

of in the forenoon of the same day, for the purpose of

carrying the said act into execution, and that I have in pursuance thereof directed this notice to be published in the newspapers called The usually circulated in this, county,

(riding, or division), on the day of

next ensuing, being days before the said time of

meeting.

j P 5 Clerk of the peace for the county

A'X of

No. 2.

FORM of appointment of number of men to be raised in the several dif riffs.

To be annexed to the order to high constable.

AT the general sessions of the peace, held by virtue of an act, intituled, [Here set forth the title of the aff\ on the day of at

we, the justices of the peace, in and for the county of assembled at the above sessions of the peace, do hereby appoint the number of men to serve for the hundred of (or city, town, rape, lath, wapentake, or district), and also for each parish, tything, or place, separately supporting its own poor, or extra-parochial place within the said hundred, (or city, town, rape, lath, wapentake, or district), within the county of as follows; videlicet,

Name of hundred, (or city, town, rape, lath, wapentake, or district.) Names of Parishes, '(or tythings or places.) Number of men for each parish, (tything or place.)

Hundred of (or city, town, rape, lath, wapentake, or district, as the caje may be.) Parish of or place) Parish of (tything 00,

Parish of A. Parish of B. ( being added together by 1 0 0

Tything of B. (*virtue of the said act. 0 0

And

*795'1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5.

And who are respectively to be raised on or before the day of now next ensuing. Dated this day of

No. 2, -

FORM of orders of the general feffto the chief, £sV.

To A.B. chief constable of

To A.B. and C.D. constables of (or

M- — < whatever their defer iption may be),

or

To A.B. constables of the parishes of

(where more than one are united).

WE, A.B. C.D. &c. justices of the peace, in and for the said county, assembled at a general sessions, held by virtue of, and for the purpose of carrying into execution, an act, intituled, [Here set forth the title of the act], do hereby require you to gfve notice to the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of the parish of [or ty thing of or name of place, as

it may be], of the number of men appointed by us to be levied for the several parishes, tythings, or places, within your districts, and of the time of raising the same, according to the lift hereunto annexed; and you are hereby required to make a return to the justices of the peace in and for your distrieft, at the first petty sessions to be holden for the said district by virtue of the said act, on the day of next following, being the day appointed for making returns of all matters and things done by you, according to the directions therein contained. Signed for and by order of the said justices, and according to the directions of the said act.

A B X erk t^le Peace for the

j said county.

No. 4.

FORM of the notice to churchwardens.

M-

To the churchwardens or overseers of the parish of or

of the several parishes, tythings, or places of in the said county, and to each and every of them.

NOTICE is hereby given to you, that the justices of the peace in and for the said county, at a general sessions assembled under and by virtue of an act, intituled, [Here set forth the title of the act], by their order, bearing date the day of have

appointed one man, (or men), to be levied and raised for the parish of (or if two or more parifoes, tythings, or places are added

together, name the parishes, tythings, or places) and you are hereby required, immediately after receiving this notice, to call together

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5. [1795.

the principal inhabitants of the said at a vestry

to beheld within the said (if mere parishes, &c. than

one, here insert the parish, &c, first named in the order of appointment), to take into consideration the most speedy and effectual means of raising the said man {or men) appointed to be raised for the said in purftiance of the said act, of which

meeting you are to give two days publick notice in writing, by affixing the same on the church or chapel door of your parish or place (or, if more than one) church or chapel doors of your respective parishes or places, or if there is no church or chapel in your parish, (or place), then on the nearest church or chapel door, according to the form annexed: and you are hereby required to take notice, that such man (or men) is (or are) to be raised on or before the day of next ensuing, being twenty-one days after the date of the said order; and that as soon as you have agreed with any person to serve, you are to produce every such person before the officer appointed to regulate the admission of men into the naval service for your parish, and if he shall approve of him, you ^re then to cause him to be brought before two or more justices of the peace of your did rift, to be examined; and in case the regulating officer shall reject any person raised by you, and you shall think yourself aggrieved thereby, you are to give to him immediate notice of your intention to appeal to the justices at the next petty sessions to be held in your district; and you are to make a return of all matters and things done by you and the inhabitants aforesaid, or any of you or them, in pursuance of the said act, and according to the directions herein contained, to the justices of the peace acting in and for the district of at a petty sessions to be

holden at on the day of next

ensuing. Dated this day of in the year of our

Lord

A.B. chief constable of

No. 5.

FORM of 7iotice to the principal inhabitants of any parish or place, or parishes or places united together.

To the principal inhabitants of

NOTICE is hereby given, that you are required to meet on next ensuing, at a vestry (or meeting) atto take into consideration the most speedy and effectual means of raising one man (or men) appointed at a general sessions of the peace holden on the to

be raised by you for the service of the navy, in pursuance of an act, intituled, [Here set forth the title of the and so that such

man (or men) be raised, approved of, and inrolled in his Majesty's

service,

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5.

service, on or before the day of now

next ensuing, being the time appointed for raising such man (or men).

A.B. 7 Churchwarden.

C.D. $ Overseer.

No. 6.

FORM of order for fixing the time of appeals.

To the churchwardens and overseers of the several parishes, tythings, and places, within the of in the county (riding, or division)

of and to each and every of them.

M — 1 AT the first petty sessions held by virtue of an act, j intituled, [Here fit forth the title of the att\ for the purpose of receiving the returns of the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the parishes, tythings, and places respectively, within this hundred, (or rape, lath, or wapentake, as the case may be), touching the execution of the orders given them under the above aft, it is ordered by the justices of the peace, acting in and for the said district, attending the said petty sessions, that all appeals of parishes, tythings, or places, within the said district, charged to raise men, under the above aft, against the proceedings of regulating officers appointed under that act, who shall rejest: any man or men raised by the said respective parishes, tythings, or places, whereby such churchwardens or overseers shall be aggrieved, shall and may be heard and determined on the day of next ensuing, and on following,

until such appeals shall be determined at before such

justices as shall then and there meet to hear and determine such appeals. Given under our hands and seals, the day of in the year of our Lord

No. 7.

FORM of order of justices upon a difference or disagreement between two parishes or places.

WHEREAS complaint hath been made to us A' B.

Distrits: of J q £), justices of peace, in and for the said county of M. acting in and for this district, and assembled at a petty sessions this day of in the year of our Lord

that (here set out the complaint), we do hereby order that (here set out the order), and that this order shall be final and conclusive upon, all parties.

Given under our hands and seals, this day of

in the year of our Lord

No. 8,

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5. [1795.

No- 8.

FORM of the justices certificate.

M---7 WE A.B. and C.D. esquires, two of the justices of

f the peace in and for this county, and acting in and for the district of in which the parish of

is situated, do hereby certify, that E, F. hath voluntarily entered himself in the service of his Majesty's navy, and that his description is as under-written:

Number of Certificates. Name. Place of birth or lawful Settlement. Age. Calling.

E. F. Parish of 0 0

And we do further certify, that the sum of f. hath

been agreed to be paid as a bounty to the said E. F. on his entering into such service; (and, if any sum is to he paid to him on in-rolment, add as follows J, and we do hereby directs, that the sum of f. part thereof, shall be paid to the said E. F, (or to

the wife, child, or father, or mother of the said E. F. at his request), at the time of his inrolment. Given under our hands and seals, this day of in the year of our Lord

No. g.

FORM of notice by churchwardens or overseers to the regulating, officers of appeals.

Toy/. B. regulating officer (or, to A.B. C.D. and E. F\ regulating officers) at*under an act, intituled, [here fit forth the title of the act. J

WHEREAS you, as such regulating officer, have rejected A.B. produced before you as a volunteer to serve in his Majesty's navy, as unfit to serve his Majesty, and we J. W. and T, B. churchwardens, or overseers, of the parish of*(or name

of placej, for which parish (or place) the said A.B. was tendered to serve, think ourselves aggrieved by such determination; notice is therefore hereby given to you, that it is our intention to appeal against such determination to the justices of the peace, acting in and for this district, to be assembled at the next petty sessions to be hojden by virtue of this act. Given ui)der our hands this day of

No. jo.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. 5?

No. 10.

'FORM of return of churchwardens and overseers to the justices of their district, at their 'petty sessions, of persons inroiled.

Return of persons inrolled as volunteers to serve in his Majesty's navy for the parish of under an act, intituled, [here set forth the title of the act.-\

Names. Parishes or Places for which they serve. Parishes or Places of Birth or Settlement. Calling. Age. Sums agreed to be paid as Bounty.

A.B. Parish of Parish of Yeoman 17

C.D. Town

A.B. 7 Churchwardens.

G, D. 3 Overseers,

No. 11.

FORM of summons of churchwardens or overseers aRing for placet that have made default.

M-- 7 To A.B. and C.D. churchwardens 6r

District of f overseers of the parish of

WHEREAS the returns of the whole number of men appointed to be raised by the parish of (or if more than

one, the parishes of of name of place or places), has

not been made within the time limited to you for so doing; this is therefore to require you to appear before the justices of the peace in and for the said county, and aciing in and for this dif-trids, to be assembled at a petty sessions to be holden on the day of atto answer for

your default therein, and to be dealt with according to law. Hereof fail not. Given under our hands and seals, this day of

No. 12.

FORM of summons of inhabitants, &c.

To Ai B. and C.D. inhabitants of

WHEREAS We A. and B. justices of the peace acting fof the distriil of in the county, of have

summoned before us T. W. and Z. X the churchwardens and Vol. XL, D overseers

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5. [1795.

overseers of the parish of to answer for the default

in not having raised the proportion of men to be raised by the said parish of in obedience to the order of general

sessions, and in pursuance of an act, intituled, [here set forth the title of the aft\ and on due examination of the premises it not having appeared to us that such default hath not happened by reason of any wilful »eglect of, or disobedience to, the said order, and that the same hath been unavoidable, but that the same hath arisen through the wilful neglect of inhabitants

of the said parish of These are therefore

to require you to be and appear before the justices of the peace acting in and for the said district, on atto shew cause why the fine directed to be imposed on the inhabitants of the said parish in such case should not be adjudged to be levied by a rate, according to the directions of the said a£L Dated this day of

No, 13,

FORM of the order of fine.

M--- l WHEREAS T. TV. and Z. X1 the churchwardens

to wit. 3 (and overseers) of the parish of (or parishes

of or places) have not made returns of the whole number of men appointed to be raised by virtue of an order of general sessions, made in pursuance of an act, intituled, [here set forth the title of the act], for the said parish of (or parishes, &c\)

within the time limited to them for doing the same: and whereas the said churchwardens and overseers have been summoned to appear before the said justices of the peace, acting in and for the district of and have refilled so to do, (or appearing

before them at the petty sessions held on at

and being examined by them as to the cause of such default), and it having not been made to appear by such churchwardens and overseers to the satisfaction of the justices aforesaid, that such default hath not happened by reason of any wilful neglect of, or dif-pbedience to, the order, and that the same hath been unavoidable, we do hereby, on due consideration of the premises, adjudge the said T. TV. and Z. X. the said churchwardens and overseers, to be guilty of having wilfully made such default, and do fine the said T. TV. and Z. X. in the sum of ten pounds, over and above the sum of^. which we the said justices have ascertained, as nearly as may be, to be the amount which hath been given oi) an average as a bounty to men inrolled by virtue of this act, within the district of and by virtue of the powers

vested in us by that ad, do order that the same be forthwith paid by them into the hands of the treasurer of the said county of M for the uses and purposes of that ad. Given under

our hands and seals this day of in the

year of our Lord

No, 14.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5.

No. 14;

TO iW* of warrant of dislrefe for fine.

M- — 1 To the Constable of

to wit. 3

WHEREAS T, TV, and Z, X, the churchwardens and overseers of the parish of (or parishes of

or places), have not made returns of the whole number of men appointed to be raised by virtue of an order of general sessions, made in pursuance of an act, intituled, [here set forth the title of the act], for the said parish of (or parishes, &c»)

within the time limited to them for doing the same: and whereas the said churchwardens and overseers have been summoned to appear before the said justices of the peace acting ill and for the district of and have refused so to do, (or appearing

before them at the petty sections held on at

and being examined by them as to the cause of such default), and it having not been made to appear by such churchwardens and overseers, to the satisfaction of the justices aforesaid, that such default hath not happened by reason of any wilful neglect ofy or disobedience to, the order, and that the same hath been unavoidable: and whereas, by virtue of the powers vested in us by the said act, we did adjudge the said TV W, and Z. X. to be guilty of having wilfully made such default, and accordingly did fine the said T, TV. and Z. X. as such churchwardens of the said parish, in the sum of^. for such their default, which sum hath not forthwith been paid -9 these are therefore to command you to levy the said sum of f, by distress of the goods and chattels of the said TTV. and Z, X.; and if within the space of days next after such distress by

you taken, the said sum of £. together with the reasonable charges of taking and keeping the said distress, shall not be paid, that then you do fell the said goods and chattels so by you distrained, and out of the money arising by such sale, that you do pay the said sum of £. into the hands of the treasurer of the said county of for the uses and

purposes of that act, rendering the overplus (If any) on demand, unto them the said TV TV, and Z, X, the reasonable charges of keeping and felling the said distress being first deduced; and if sufficient distress cannot be found of the goods and chattels of the said T. TV, and Z. X. whereon to levy the said sum of that then you certify the same to us, together with the return of this precept. Herein fail not. Given under our hands and seals, the day of in the year of our Lord

P % N9. 15*

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5. [1795.

No. 15.

FORM of order of levying rate on inhabitant or inhabitants,

To the churchwardens and overseers of the parish of

M---7 WHEREAS T. TV. and Z. X. the churchwardens

J and overseers of the parish of {or parishes

of or places), have not made returns of the whole

number of men appointed to be raised by virtue of an order of general sessions, made in pursuance of an act, intituled, \l>ere set forth the title of the act], for the said parish of (or

parishes, &c.), within the time limited to them for doing the same: and whereas the said churchwardens and overseers have been summoned to appear before the said justices of the peace acting in and for the district of; and that on their

appearing before them at the petty sessions held at

and being examined by them as to the cause of such default; and it having not been made to appear by such churchwardens and overseers, to the satisfaction of the justices aforesaid, that such default hath not happened by reason of any wilful neglect of, or disobedience to, the order, and that the same hath been unavoidable: and whereas it hath been made appear to our satisfaction, that the same hath arisen through the wilful default of L M an inhabitant of the said parish of (or if more than

one, I. M. O. P. &c. inhabitants, &c.J: we do therefore adjudge and order, and hereby require, by virtue of the powers vested in us by that act, that you do cause a rate to be made upon the said L M* (or I. M. O. P. &c.) for his (or their) default in this behalf; and that you do raise the same in such manner as rates for the relief of the poor are usually made and raised; and that you pay the same so raised forthwith into the hands of the treasurer of the said county of for the uses and purposes of the said act. Given under our hands and seals, this day of in the year of our Lord

No. 16.

FORM of order of justices to the treasurer of the county.

To the treasurer of the county of M

M — 7 WE, A.B. and C.D. two of his Majesty's justices J of the peace acting in and for the district of in this county, do hereby order you to transfer in your account to the use of E. F. (inrolled as a substitute to serve for the parish of (or parishes, of)in his Majesty's navy, the sum of f. out of the money in

your hands ayifing from the fine imposed upon the churchwardens

and

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 5.

and overseers of the poor of the said parish of (or inhabitants, as the case may heJ, or for their default in not raising a volunteer for the said parish of under an act, intituled,

[here set forth the title of the act]. Given under our hands and seals, this day of

No. 17.

FORM of order or warrant to constables, &c. to attend.

M — fTo the constables of or church*

1 wardens, &c. of

WE, A.B. C.D. and E. F. his Majesty's justices of the peace in and for the county of assembled at the

(general, or quarter, or petty sessions, as it may he)y do hereby require and order you to attend the justices of the peace assembled at a sessions of the peace, on the

day of atto shew cause to the said justices

why (here set out the desaidt complained of)y or to make a return (or as the case may he). Given under our hands and seals, this day of

No. 18.

FORM of conviction for neglect of duty.

M* — 7 B E it remembered, That on this day of

to nxjit. i in t^e year of hjg prefen£ Majesty's reign,

A\ B. of is duly copyifted before u, s justices of the peace, assembled at a sessions of the peace held

at in pursuance of an act of the thirty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, [here Jet forth the title of the act\ for that he the said A.B. 01^ at did

wherefore we the said justices (or of the said justices)

do adjudge that he the said A.B. do pay the sum of as a fine for his offence, in pursuance of the powers vested in us by the said act., Given under our hands and seals, this day of in the year of our Lord

No, 19,

F G R MJ of commitment for fraud^ orzvilful partiality,

To.

M — cRECEIVE into your custody the body of A+B*. here-to pent y0u, having been adjudged guilty of [herefate

the offence^ in pursuance of an act passed in the thirty-fifth year Of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, [here set forth the title of f 1; £ 5 ih

[Preamble.]

3* Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 6 — 9.

[1795. ihe and him safely ke^p in your custody for the space of next ensuing; and for so doing this shall be your sufficient warrant. Given under our hands and seals, this day of in the year of our Lord CAP. VI. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

[March 5, 1795] — Number of forces 119, 380, including 3, 882 invalids. CAP. VII.v t An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on Shore.

[March 5, 1795.] CAP. VIII. An act for authorising the company of proprietors of the grand junction canal, to vary the course of a certain part of the said canal, in the county of Hertford, so as to render the navigation thereof more safe and convenient; and for making some other amendments and alterations in an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making the said canal.

[March 5, 1795.] Act 33 Geo. 3. c. 80, recited. The line of the canal may be varied through the parities of Abbot's Langley, King's Langley, Watford, and Rickmansworth, in Hertfordshire. Company not to deviate from the new line, unless by content of the land owners. Canal may be made through the parks of the earls of Clarendon and Essex. Rates of tonnage payable on the old line to be taken upon the new line. Towing path in the earl of Clarendon's grounds to be carried on the east hde of the canal, but not to exceed six feet in breadth. No buildings to be erected there, and the water to be kept to a certain height, and no materials to be got therein without his content. Compensation to be made to the earl of Clarendon for damages, See. Earl or Clarendon's right of fishery preserved, and boats not to stop in his grounds. Company to pay the expence of making up any deficiency of water occasioned to Langley Bury engine, &c. Recompence to be made for injury to the hfheries of iir John Filmer, and Mr. Marriott. No damage to be done to mills in King's Langley, and Abbott's Langley; and no more of sir John Filmer's and Thomas Tovey's meadows in King's Langley to be cut than lies in the line of the canal. Company to make watering places for cattle, and supply fish ponds with water. Boats not to stop in the grounds, nof buildings to be erected on the lands of the earl of Lffex> sir John Filmer, and Mr. Tovey. The earl of Essex may alter the line of the canal within his lands. Articles of certain tonnage not to pass locks in dry seasons. An additional rate of two-pence per ton for all goods. Merchandize, &c. carried upon any part of the line of the deviation of the canal. Seven members to make a general committee. Company may make wharfs and eredfc warehouses in White Fryars, London. No coals to be carried by the canal nearer to London than the north west end of Grove Park. CAP. IX. An act for procuring a'supply of men from the several ports of this king-don^for the service of his Majestfs navy.

[March i6> 1795.] WHEREAS it is expedient for the public servicey at the present conjuncture, that the most effectual measures should be adopted for providing a speedy supply of men to serve in his Majesty's navy: and whereas, in order to carry the same into effecty his Majesty has been

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. gl gg

been pleased> by an order of council, bearing date the eighteenth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to direct that an embargo should be laid on all British ships or vessels within the several ports of this kingdom \ which is now in force: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice Qr(jer Q^ and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in council of this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the Feb. 18, 1795. same, That there shall be levied within the kingdom of Great laying an em-Britain, in the several ports herein after mentioned, such able-bodied men to serve his Majesty in the navy of Great Britain, at recited.*such times, and in such manner, as is herein directed; and that Embargo to the said embargo on all British ships and vessels, from time to continue at time, being within the limits of such ports respectively, (except each port till to such ships or vessels as shall be, from time to time, exemptedts^be raifcch from such embargo by any order or orders of the lords of his Majesty's most honourable privy council), shall continue and be in force at each such port, according to the intent and effect of this act, until the whole number of men by this act required to be levied at all the said ports respectively shall be levied, approved of, and inrolled in his Majesty's said service, in the manner herein directed, and according to the true intent and meaning of this act, or until such embargo shall be declared to be generally taken off by his Majesty in council: and that the number of men to be levied by virtue of this act shall be as follows; (that is to say),

For the port of Aberyfiwithy fix ty-nine men.

For the port ot Aldborough, nineteen men.

For the port of Arundel, thirty-three men.

For the port of Barnstaple, seventy-four men.

For the port of Beaumaris, one hundred and ninety-six; men. For the port of Berwick, forty-three men.

For the port of Bideford, forty-eight men.

For the port of B\akeney, twenty-six men.

For the port of Boston, sixty men.

For the port of Bridgewater, twenty-six men.

For the port of Bridlington, fifty men.

For the port of Bristol, six hundred and sixty-six men.

For the port of Cardigan, one hundred and thirty-nine men. For the port of Cardiff^ fourteen men.

For the port of Carlisle, ten men.

For the port of Chepfioiv, thirty-eight men.

For the port of Chester, twenty-five men.

For the port of Chichester, fifty-six men.

For the port of Colchester^ eighty-four mem For the port of Gowes,* fifty-nine men.

For the port of Dartmouth % three, hundred and ninety-four men* For the port of Dealy ten mem

For the port of Dover, twQ.ijundred and forty-one men,

the pert, of hundred and eighty, fix men*

Number of men to be raised, Y&*

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 9. [1795.

For the port of Falmouth, twenty-one men.

Yor the port of Faversham, one hundred and forty-seven men, For the port of Fowey, seventy men.

For the port of Gloucester, twenty-eight men.

For the port of Gweek, seven men.

For the port of Harwich, one hundred and forty-four men*

For the port of Hull, seven hundred and thirty-one men.

For the port of Ilfracombe, forty-nine men.

For the port of Ipswich, fifty-eight men.

For the port of Lancaster, one hundred and sixty-three men. For the port of Llanelly, thirty-two men.

For the po^t of London, five thousand seven hundred and four men.

For the port of Loot, sixteen men.

For the port of Liverpool, one thousand seven hundred and eleven men.

For the port of Lyme, twenty-three men.

For the port of Lynn, one hundred and ninety-three men.

For the port of Malden, ninety-four men.

For the port of Milford, seventy men.

For the port of Minehead, eighteen men.

For the port of Newcastle, one thousand two hundred and forty men.

For the port of Newhaven, seventeen men.

For the port of Padfow, nineteen men.

For the port of Penryhn, eleven men.

For the port of Penzance, thirty-five men.

For the port of Plymouth, ninety-six men.

For the port of Poole, two hundred and feve-nty-nine men.

For the port of Portsmouth, seventy-five men.

For the ports of Poulton and P ref on, seventeen men.

For the port of Rochester, one hundred and thirty-four men.

For the port of Rye, ninety men.

For the port of Saint Ives, thirty-one men.

For the port of Sandwich, seventy-four men.

For the port of Scarborough, two hundred and seventy-five men. For the port of Scilly, three men.

For the port of Shoreham, twenty-eight men.

For the port of Southampton, one hundred and thirty-three men. For the port of Stockton, seventy-three men.

For the port of Sunderland, six hundred and sixty-nine men. For the port of 'Southwold, twenty-one men.

For the port of Siuansea, eighty-five men.

For the port of Truro, eleven men.

For the port of Wells, fifty rnen.

For the port of Weymouth, one hundred and thirty-nine men. For the port of Whitehaven, seven hundred men.

For the port of Whitby, five hundred and seventy-three men. For the port of Wisbeach, nineteen men.

For the port of Woodbridge, eighteen men.

For the port of Yarmouth, five hundred and six men.

For

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 9.

For the port of Aberdeen, two hundred and nineteen men.

For the port of Ayr, thirty-three men.

For the port of Alloa, ninety-five men.

For the port of Anflruther, fifty-three men.

For the port of Borroftoness, one hundred and fifty-five men.

For the port of Cam lie town, one hundred and twenty-five men.

For the port of Dumfries, seventeen men.

For the port of Dunbar, thirty-eight men.

For the port of Dundee, one hundred and thirty-nine men.

For the port of Fort William, eleven men.

For the several ports of Clyde, comprehending Glasgow, Greenock^ and Port Glasgow, six hundred and eighty-three men.

For the port of Inverness, forty men.

For the port of Irvine, one hundred and thirty-one men.

For the port of Ife Martin, fix men.

For the port of Kircaldy, one hundred and thirty-six men.

For the port of Kircudbright, nineteen men.

For the port of Kirkwall, thirty-one men.

For the port of Leith, two hundred and six men.

For the port of Lerwick, fix men.

For the port of Montrose, one hundred and seven men.

For the port of Oban, twenty men.

For the port of Perth, thirty-two men.

For the port of Port Patrick, nine men.

For the port of Preston Pans, three men.

For the port of Rothfay, one hundred and sixty-eight men. s

For the port of Stornaway, fifty-two men.

For the port of Stranrawer, twenty-five men.

For the port of Thurso, twelve men.

For the port of Tobermoray, five men: and

For the port of Wigton, twenty-five men.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority Every able-aforesaid, That whenever any able-bodied leaman shall be ac- bodied lea-cepted by the of acting for any such port, and approved ^d^to^be°V- of by the regulating officer or officers appointed for such service, estimated every such able-bodied seaman shall be taken and estimated to be equal to two equal to and in lieu of two able-bodied men, and shall and may able-bodied be computed as such in the instrument of discharge, herein di- mcn* reeled to be made by the said of, of the number of

men required by this act to be raised for such port.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Admiralty to it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners for executing the appoint re^ii-office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, ^ho^re to10* or any three or more of them, and they are hereby required to establishplaces constitute and appoint so many officers to regulate the admission ofrendea-

of men to be levied under the authority of this act, for his Ma- vous#

jesty's service, for the said ports herein enumerated, as they shall

deem necessary, who, being so respectively appointed, shall establish

a convenient place or places of rendezvous in or near to such

ports for the reception of such men 3 and every such manfo to Before inrdb

1 o Jje ment> mto to

be examined by regulating officers.

KTo rendezvous to be in London.

Owners or jnafters of vessels, except those at the port of London, may ele<ft from amongst themselves and the merchants trading to the port, commis-£oners for raffing men.

Justices, payors, &c. (except in London), and principal officers of the customs at the port, to be of Without further qualification.

Three commissioners may act.

Commissioners to act without fee.

If commissi-oner6 be not tiered, (ex-

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 9. [1795.

be levied shall, before his inrolment, be examined by one such regulating officer at the least, as to his ability to serve his Majesty; and every such officer shall have full power of approving or of rejecting any man tendered to serve his Majesty, subject nevertheless to such controul and superintend^nce as by this act is particularly directed.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such place of rendezvous shall be established within the city or county of the city of London.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the respective owners of such ships or vessels as aforesaid, being in any portherein-before enumerated, except the port of London, or, in the absence of any such owners, for the masters or other persons having or taking the charge or command of such ships or vessels respectively, (being assembled together pursuant to notice given in the names of any two or more of such owners or masters, and published in any newspaper usually circulated in or near such port, three days before the time appointed for such meeting, containing the cause of calling such meeting, and the time and place of meeting), to elect, from amongst themselves and the merchants usually trading to or from such port, such and so many persons resident at or near such port (not exceeding twenty-one in any such port, nor less than five) as the major part of the said owners and masters there assembled shall approve; and such persons so elested, and assenting thereunto, may be of for raising men for his Majesty's service in the navy during the continuance of the embargo at such port for which they shall be elested, and for putting in execution the powers yelled in such of by this act within such limits; and that the justices of the peace legally qualified to act for every county, riding, division, shire, or stewartry, and the mayors, bailiffs, and other chief magistrates of every city, town, cinque port, or liberty, wherein any such port herein-before enumerated, or any member thereof, shall be situate, ("except; the port of London. as aforesaid), and affio the collectors or other principal officers of the customs at such ports respectively, shall and may also, withr out further qualification, be of for the like purposea within the limits of their respectiv.e juri.idiction.s; and the persons so to be elected, or hereby appointed of, shall have power to meet and fit, from time to time, in such place or places, as they shall find most convenient; and that three of the said, of in any of the said ports (except the port of London as aforesaid) shall be and are hereby empowered to do and execute any act hereby authorised to be done by such of, unless the same shall be otherwise specially provided by this act and the said of are hereby respectively required to execute the powers and authorities given to them by this act* without any fee, gratuity, emolument, or reward whatsoever.

VI. Provided always, That in case no such of shall be elected to act for any such port herein-before enumerated (except as aforesaid) within fourteen dtys after the passing of this

' aft*

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 9. 34

aft, that then the justices of the peace legally qualified to act for cept in Lon the respective counties, ridings, shires, stewartries, or divisions, after

wherein such port shall be situate, and also the mayor, bailiffs, passing this and other magistrates, and the collector, or other principal officer act, the juU of the customs at such port, shall be the commissioners for such tices of the port, and shall act by themselves, and they are hereby required Jfc Tnd" by themselves to put this act in execution, until of principal offi-shall be elected to act for such port jointly with such justices or cersofthecuf-magistrates, and collector or principal officer of the customs, at the port, in the manner herein directed. ti?fcommifli-

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, oners are ap. That any two of the persons elected or appointed to be com- pointed to ad missioners by virtue of this act, for any port herein enumerated, with them, (except the port of London as aforesaid), before they shall enter ^iSioners'cf upon the execution of the same, shall take an oath before any the port, (ex-justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, cept London) shire, or stewartry, or before the mayor or chief magistrate of to take^bdorc the place wherein the port for which such of shall fQ^ovJw.', e be elected to act shall be situate (which he or they is and are hereby authorised and required to administer), the tenor whereof shall be as followeth; (that is tp say)*

I A.B. do swear, That^ in the execution of the several powers oath*.

4*vejled in me by virtue of cm act^ intituled, u An act [here insert the title of the act], I will addfaithfully and impartially to the befl of my judgement, according to the true intent and meaning of the said adld

And every other of the said of at every such port (ex- who shall act, cept as aforesaid) shall likewise take the same oath before the rninilter it to said two of, who are hereby authorised and required ^om mi ikon to administer the same, after they shall themselves have taken the ers> said oath as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commission-That the said of acting for any such port shall and ^nts may respectively appoint and employ a clerk, or such other assist- authority of ants as they shall be authorised to do by the said lords com-theadmiraltya missioners of the admiralty, or any three or more of them; and

such clerk shall, for his pains and trouble in the same, be allowed, by the collector or other principal officer at such port, such sum for each man raised for his Majesty's service at such port, as shall be fixed by the said of, with the approbation of the lords of of the admiralty, or any three or more of them.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au- Commission-thority aforesaid, That John William Anderson, James Annen, ersor Rpn- Samuel Bosanquet, John Brickwood, Thomas Boddington, William cion*

Boydj Thomas Bettesworth, H. AL Bird, Abel Chapmen, Norrison

Cover dale, Robert Curling, Henry Cox, Anthony Calvert, William Curtis, Alexander Champion, John Duffel, Francis Easterby, Edward Forfler, Thomas Gillespy, John Hill, George Hibbert, John Inglis,

Thomas King George Kendall, William Lushington^ William Leigh-fWy Samuel Long, Beeston Long, John Lyall, William Ludlam5 WiU

"'ham*

44 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 9* 117

Ham Money, William Manning, Richard Miles, Richard Neave, Abraham P affinor e, Thomas Raikes, GVlfred Lewfon Reid, "James Reed, Samuel Thornton, William Ward, John Whitmore, and Robert IVigram, esquires, shall be, and are hereby constituted of for raising the number of men required by this act for the port of London, and for putting in execution the powers veiled in of by this act, within such limits, in like manner, and under such rules and restrictions, (except where other rules or restrictions are hereby expressly provided), as of elected by virtue of this act are empowered to execute the same,

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority Two com- aforesaid, That any two of the said of in this act miffiofters for narned for the said port of London, before they enter upon the exe-taS the oath, cut*on A13! take the said oath herein-before set forth,

and ad mini ster before the chancellor of the exchequer, or the matter of the rolls It to the other for the time being; which they, or either of them, are and is commission- hereby author]fed apd required to adrninitter; and every other ers" of the said of in this act named for the said port of

London, shall likewise take the same oath before the said two of, in the manner herein-before directed with respect to the of elected by virtue of this act.

Five commis-

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That £or>ers may any five of the said of herein named for the said port

anc^ey are hereby empowered to do and meet at the^ execute znY act hereby authorised to be done by of.

acting in the execution of this act ('unless the same shall be otherwise specially provided by this act); and that the said of for the said port of London shall, for the greater convenience and expedition of raising the number of men appointed to be raised for such port, have power to meet and fit at one and the same time, at such two Several places within the limits of their jurisdiction, as they shall find most convenient, and to eonttitute two. several boards, with full powers at each such board to execute the powers veiled in of by this act, and at each such. board to appoint and employ a clerk, with such allowance as, aforesaid, and such other assistants as shaft be necessary for carrying Into execution the purposes of this act, and as they shall be authorised to do by the said lords commissioners of the ad-, ralty, or any. three or more of them.

Commission-

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ers to eon side r the said commissioners lb.aH, as soon as conveniently may be after they are. elested, and afterwards from time to time as they and m>ort the ^ail judge expedient, take into consideration the amount of the lame to the bounties it may be necessary to give for raising men, and shall admiralty, &c. report the same to the lords of of the admiralty; and that they fhatt, in no case, be at liberty to give a bounty which, shaft exceed the amount of the bounty of which the lords of of the admiralty, or any three or more of them, shall have signified their approbation.

Persons

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

t^begar^ That every person who shall agree to enter himself as aforesaid'

"'" frail',

same time at two places,

&c*

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 9." 45

shall be produced before the regulating officer at the place of duced to the rendezvous at or nearest to the port where such person shall en- Q^er^and if ter, or such other place as the said officer, with the consent of approved, to the of acting for such port, shall appoint; and in case be brought the said officer shall, on examination, approve of such person to before tue serve his Majesty, then such person may forthwith be brought ^sraX ^"aQ before the said of adfing in and for such port, to be settle the examined, and that upon its appearing to the said of, bounty, on examination, that such person hath voluntarily entered himself in such service, then the said respe£ft*ve of shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, to settle with such person the amount of the sums to be paid as a bounty to such person, which in no case shall exceed the amount of the bounty of which the lords of of the admiralty shall have previously signified their approbation to the said of; and the Commission* said respective of adding for any such port, or any ers to certify three or more of them, shall forthwith certify under their hands, that such person hath voluntarily entered himself in the service entered, ami of his Majesty's navy, setting forth therein the place or places certain parti-of the birth or lawful settlement, age or ages, and calling or cal- culars, to tfic lings, of him or them respectively, if the same shall be known; ^fficer^ho and the said of shall also, at the foot of every such Cause certificate, enter the amount of the sums to be paid as a bounty them to be into such person on his entering into such service, and shall pro- rolied, and gressively number the certificates as they shall severally be grant-

ed*, and which certificates shall be directed to the regulating placed under officer, (the said of taking the receipt of such regu- his command 3 lating officer for the same, and which receipts such regulating officer is hereby required to give), and the regulating officer shall an(^ Qn thereupon cause such person or persons respectively to be inrolled removal, the in his Majesty's naval service; and every person so inrolled shall certificates, or forthwith be placed under the command of such officer or offi- copies, to be cers; and upon the removal of any persons so inrolled, in or^er wfth them' to be placed under the command of any other officer or officers, and delivered either on shore or on board any of his Majesty's ships or vessels to the com-of war, every certificate of such of, or full and true landing of-copies thereof respectively, shall be transmitted along with such vefl5s°iii^persons so inrolled, and delivered to the respective commanding which they officers of the ships or vessels of war on board which such persons shall be en-shall be entered to serve. tered.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said respective Commission-commissioners, before whom any person shall be brought to Q^s^Q^the be examined touching his consent to enter into the said fer- principal of-vice, by any draft, bill, or order, under the hands of any three ficers of the or more of them, to direfit the collector or other principal offi- customs for cer of the customs at such port, to pay to such person any sum not exceeding one-third part of the bounty agreed to be paid

to him on his engaging to serve, to be advanced to such person, or to such of his family, and in such proportions, as'he shall request at the time of his inrolm-ent; and such drafts, bills, of ©rders - respectively, shall ascertain the names and descriptions of

jtftS

'46 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 9. [r7g^.

the persons to whom the same shall be made payable; and fiicK collector or other principal officer aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby respectively required to pay the same out of any duties of customs then in their hands, or otherwise out of the first monies that shall come to their hands of the said duties.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every such certificate so granted, or a full and true copy thereof, signed by such regulating officer or officers, shall in all cases where any such person inrolled by virtue of this a# shall be placed under the command of any other officer or officers, either on shore or on board any ship or vessel, be transmitted along with Ions inrolled, such person so inrolled, and delivered to the commanding officer to the com- or vessel on board which such person shall be entered

manding of- serve; and such commanding officer shall, within four days ficers of the from the time of such person being mustered and rated on board such ship, and before such ship or vessel of war shall proceed to ihah be1 enter- ^ea> ma^e out a tickets for the payment of the bounty

ed, who shall money agreed to be paid to such person on his engaging to serve

Certificates, or copies signed by regulating officers, to be transmitted with the per-

make out tickets for payment of bounty money due, as for arrears of

and then remaining due, and which shall be expressed in the certificate granted on that behalf, or in such copy thereof as aforesaid, in such manner as if such bounty money had become due to such person on account of arrears of wages as a seaman on board such ship or vessel; and such bounty money shall and may be paid to such person, or to such person's family, and in such proportions, as such person shall request, in the manner directed by an act, made in the thirty-first year of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the encouragement of seaman employed in the royal navy, and for establishing a regular method for the punctual, frequent, and certain payment of their wages, and for enabling them mork easily and readily to remit the same for the support of their wives and families, and for preventing frauds and abuses attending such payments, or by any other act relating to the pay-How fills and ment of such wages: provided always, That where such person bills shall be shall desire any portion of the said bounty money then remaining

where^ersons ^ue to to the lift required to be made out in

- r p r- such case by the captain or commander of such ship or vessel

may be paid, agreeably to 51 Geo. 2. c. 10, &c.

desire to have part of their bounty paid to their families.

shall be made out in the manner required by the said act of the thirty-first year of his late Majesty aforesaid, except that in such lift the collector or other principal officer of the customs at the port where such man was raised, shall be specified instead of the respective officers directed by the said act to pay any part of the arrears of wages due to seamen in the navy; and that the bills to be made out thereupon shall be made out by such captain and commander, and directed to such collector or other principal officer aforesaid, and to no other; and that all the rules, forms, direction's, and methods, used for the payment of wages due to ges to be used seamen, or payable to their families, in pursuance of the said act for payment t^e thirty-first year aforesaid, or by any such other act of parliament, (except as aforesaid), shall be used in like manner for the payment of such bounty money to all and every the men who shall be entered into his Majesty's service in pursuance of this act, or to their respective families, and in as full and ample a

manner

Rules for payment of wa-

of bounty.

x1795.] Anno regni incesimo quinto Geoi^gi! III. c. 9. 47

mariner as if the said acts, and every clause therein contained, had been extended and applied particularly by this act to such cases, and the said collector, or other principal officer aforesaid shall pay the residue of the said bounty, according to the directions herein-before given for payment of such portion thereof as aforesaid.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall be received or inrolled in Persons dif-his Majesty's service by virtue of this act, who is not, in the

opinion of the regulating officer or officers, such an able-bodied man as is fit to serve his Majesty, and is free from ruptures, and every other distemper, or bodily weakness or infirmity, which may render him unfit to perform his duty in the navy, or who, in the opinion of such officer or officers, shall appear to be under the age of sixteen years, or above the age of forty-five years if a land-man, or of fifty years if a seaman.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of for executing the office of lord high Admiralty to admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or any three or more ^erstoftf-them, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, to apperintend the point certain officers, of the rank of post captains, or command- admission and ers in his Majesty's navy, to supermtend within such districts, entry of men, near the coasts of this kingdom, as shall be allotted to them respectively, the admission and entry of men into the service of the navy in pursuance of this act, under such regulations and rules as the said of of the admiralty shall, from time to time, constitute; and if any person or persons who shall have been tendered to serve his Majesty in pursuance of this act shall have been rejected by the ordinary regulating officer, and the of acting for the port where such man shall be tendered shall think themselves aggrieved thereby, such of may appeal to the superintending officer or officers, of the the rank above-mentioned, within the district where such port shall be situate, who shall forthwith proceed to examine such re- who shall de-jested person, and to hear and determine the matter of complaint, and to make such order therein as to him or them shall seem hiissioners° reasonable, which determination and order shall be final and con- against rejec-elusive to all parties- and in case such superintending officer shall tion of men order such rejected person to be inrolled in his Majesty'*s navy, ordi-

then such ordinary regulating officer, shall, without delay, on^officer* receipt of such person, cause him to be inrolled in manner herein- &e. before directed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whenever any such of shall have caused such When the number of men to be inrolled in such service at any such port, as ^umblfraf to complete the number of men required by this act in respect of men has such port, it shall and may be lawful for such of, and inrolled for they are hereby required, by an instrument in writing under their any port, the hands and seals, to certify the same to the superintending officer or officers appointed for the district where such port shall be situ- fy thefarreto ate 5 and every such instrument shall specify the port where such the superin-

men

tending officer, who shall transmit the certificate to the admiralty.

Commissioners to enter certificates in a book, and to give a copy when required by the principal officer of the customs, who shall transmit it to the commissioners of the customs, on penalty of xooU

Persons after being muttered on board, to be entitled to wages from day of inrol-inent, and to all emoluments, as other volunteers.

Act not to extend to vessels of his Majesty or the royal family, or used solely in rivers or inland navigation.

ISTo fee to be paid on removal of embargo.

Treasury to issue money to the of out

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 9. [1795.

men were*so raised, and the names, ages, places of birth or lawful settlement, and callings of them respectively, in such manner as they shall respectivelybe described in the certificates of the of aforesaid, granted at the time of inrolling such men; and such officer or officers shall, on receipt thereof, forthwith cause the same to be transmitted to the said of of the admiralty, to be laid before his Majesty in Council.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the of at every port where men shall be raised in pursuance of this act, shall cause to be entered an exa<S copy of every certificate granted by them respectively on the inrolment of such men as shall have been raised, with the respective numbers thereof, as by this act directed, in a book to be kept for that purpose; and shall, when thereunto required by the collector or other principal officer of the customs at such port, cause to be made out and delivered a true and exact copy thereof, stating the number of every such certificate; and such collector or other principal officer shall forthwith, or within one month at the farthest, transmit the same to the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in London and Edinburgh, under whom they respectively act, or a true and exact copy thereof, stating the number of every certificate so granted; and that if any such officer or officers shall neglect or refuse so to do, he or they so offending shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person who shall be brought on board any of his Majesty's ships of war in pursuance of this act, shall be rated therein after passing a muster on board the same; and that, after being so rated, every such person shall be and is hereby declared to be entitled to wages from the day of his inrolment in his Majesty's service, as herein-before is directed; and shall also, over and above the bounty money agreed upon at the time of his inrolment, be entitled to such other bounty, emoluments, and advantages, as any other person voluntarily entering himself to serve on board any of his Majesty's ships of war is by law entitled unto.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any ship or vessel of war or other vessel, of whatever built the same maybe, or under whatever description the same may fall, being the property of his Majesty or the royal family, or any of them, or any lighters, barges, boats, or vessels, of any built or description whatever, used solely in rivers or inland navigation.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no charge or fee whatever shall be demanded, paid, or received, by any person or persons, by reason of or on the removal of the embargo laid on any ship or vessel during the continuance of this act; any usage or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the lords of of the treasury for the time being, are hereby authorised to iffu£ and cause to be advanced all such

sums

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 9. 49

sums of money to such respective of, in such manner, of the duties and in such proportions, as the said remective of, 6r oi ciaios ^or

r r r r.y r.r T 1.C L payment ot

any hve or more of them, if in London, or three or more or them charges, an

if in any other port, shall by writing under their hands from account of

time to time desire, out of any part of the duties of cuffbms then which shall be

in the hands of the collector or other principal officer of the cuf- hud hefore

1 1 -r r.r n 1, 1 1 1t r, parliament

toms, or otherwise out of the tint monies which shall afterwaras Within two

come to the hands of such collector or other principal officer of months if fit-the said duties; which sums so to be advanced shall be employed ting, andllnot, for the payment of such allowances, and in defraying such necef- 3

fary charges and expences in or about the execution of this act, niencement of as the said lords of of his Majesty's treasury shall the next icf-direct or allow, and which money so to be advanced shall not be f10IL subject to any tax, duty, rate, or assessment whatsoever, imposed by authority of parliament, but that an account of the said charges and expences shall be laid before both houses of parliament within two months after the expiration of the commission, if parliament shall be then fitting, and if parliament shall riot be fitting, then within fourteen days after the commencement of the then next session of parliament.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Majority of

of named in this act, or elected of by the

virtue thereof, firal decline to act in the execution of the powers approbation of hereof, or having begun to act shall decline to a cl any further the treasury, therein, or shall depart this life during the continuance of this eledliuocrer-

act, it shall and may be lawful for the remaining of, fbrs to corn-

Jr 1 n- r r i G*r ? milfioners de-

or the major part 01 them, acting as aforesaid at or for any such cliningtoadt

port, or constituting a board of of at such port, by or dying, and with the consent and approbation of the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them, for the time being, to constitute and appoint such person or persons to be a commissioner or commissioners at such port for the purposes aforesaid, in the place of the commissioner or of so refusing to act, or declining further to act, or dying as aforesaid, as the said acting of, or the major part of them, with such consent and approbation as aforesaid, shall think fit, and so often as such case shall happen; and the person or persons so constituted and appointed by the said of, with such consent and approbation as aforesaid, having first qualified to act by taking and subscribing the oath herein-before provided and directed, shall be invested with the same powers and authorities as are given or delegated by this act unto the said of named or constituted by this act respectively.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act, or any thing herein contained, This act not to shall not be deemed or construed to be a precedent, on any future

occasion, todiminish or be prejudicial to the rights, liberties, cuf-mcr the riehts. toms, privileges, immunities, and exemptions, to which the of the city of mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, or the

London.

freemen, citizens, V oh. XL.

or

inhabitants of the said city-, are

entitled to enjoy

5°

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 9. [1795.

enjoy by prescription, act of parliament, charter, usage, or other wise howsoever.

Penalties to

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That and lied6'as Pena^es an<^ forfeitures inflicted and incurred by this act

thofefor often- and may sue<^ for5 prosecuted, and recovered, in such courts, ces against the and be disposed of in such manner, and by such ways, means, and laws of cuf- methods, as any penalties or forfeitures inflicted, or which may toms. be incurred for any offence committed against the laws of customs may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and that the officer or officers concerned in prosecutions under this act shall be entitled to and receive such share of the produce arising from any pecuniary fine or penalty for any offence against this act, as any officer or officers is or are now, by any laws or regulations relative to the customs, intitled to upon prosecutions for pecuniary penalties.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

tions n no a(^on or suit be commenced against any person or persons acting as a commissioner or of, for any thing done by virtue of or in pursuance of this act, until fourteen days notice thereof in writing shall have been given to such person or persons, nor after a sufficient satisfaction, or a tender thereof, hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, nor after six calendar months next after the fact committed; and every such action shall be brought in one of the courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, as the case may.require, and shall belaid in the county where the cause of action shall arise, and elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such ac-&eneral issue. tion or suit shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if the same shall appear so to be done, or if such action or suit shall be brought after the time herein-before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought without fourteen days notice thereof, or shall be brought in any other county or place, or after a sufficient satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited or suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action or actions, or if a verdict shall pass against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit in any other cases by law.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this act, or any of the provisions thereof, may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be passed in this present session of parliament.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the respective of acting under the authority of this act shall from time to time, at their discretion, or as often as

[Treble costs.]

Act may be altered or repealed this session.

Commissioners to give a written account of their they shall be thereunto required by the lords of of the

proceedings to admiralty, or any three or more of them, during their carrying the admiralty, J J

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 9. £i

on any proceedings under this act, and as soon as possible after the determination of such proceedings, without any further requisition, give an account of their proceedings, in writing to the said of of the admiralty.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person inrolled in his Majesty's Persons accus-service by virtue of this act shall be accused of any capital crime,

or of any violence or offence against the person, estate, or pro- |1W to ^eli perty, of any of his Majesty's subjects, which is punishable by the vered over to known laws of the land, the officer or officer having the com- the civil ma-mand of such party is and are hereby required to use his and their glstrate* utmost endeavours to deliver over such accused perfects to the civil magistrate, and shall also be aiding and affixing to the officers of justice in the seizing and apprehending such offender, in order to bring him to trial j and if any such officer shall wilfully neglect Penalty on of-or refuse, upon application made to him for that purpose, to de-f?r^no^ liver over such accused person to the civil magistrate, or to he f^choffenders aiding and assisting to the officers of justice in the apprehending &c. such offender, every such officer so offending, and being thereof convicted before any two or more justices of the peace of the county, riding, shire, stewartry, or division, where the fast is committed, by the oath of two credible witnesses, shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any civil or military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty's service; provided the said conviction be affirmed at the next quarter sessions of the peace for the said county, and a certificate thereof be tcansmitted to the of of the admiralty for the time being.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person who shall be inrolled in his Majesty's service by Xo person invirtue of this act, shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's oti^of service by any process whatever, other than by some criminal t^e ferviCebUt process, for some criminal matter punishable by the known laws for a criminal of the land. matter.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the instrument hereby directed to be made out by such Instruments of for the discharge of ships or vessels from the requi- of['vef

fitions of this act, and the certificates to be given on the inrol- fe]s from the ment of any man in his Majesty's service, in pursuance of this requisitions of aft respectively, may be in the form following; (videlicet), this act, and

certificates on the inrolment

To the superinteding officer adding for the of men, may

district of the port of we the underwritten, u} foU

being of the of adding for the ovvin^ 01

port of under the authority of an act of parliament, passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, [Here jet forth the title of the 4 a£i\ having, in pursuance of the said act, raised for his Majesty's service the men herein after described, being the

5 full proportion of men required by the said act to be raised

to serve in his Majest/s navy at the said port of i

c do, by this our instrument, certify the famefto be

in discharge of the several ships or vessels belonging to the said port of

Numbers of the certificates. Names of men. Ages. Callings. Places of birth, or lawful set -tlement. Capacities, whether seamen or landmen. Bounty settled by Commissioners.

Sum paid on inrolment. Sum due. Total.

4 For the port of < (No. )

6 In pursuance of an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, [Here set forth the title of the ci5i\ we the underwritten, being of

- the of acting under the authority of the said act, do certify, that the person herein after described hath voluntarily agreed to enter into his Majesty's navy.

Name of the man inrolled. Age. Calling. Place of birth or lawful settlement. Capacity, whether seaman or landman.

And do further certify, That the amount of the bounty settled by us to be given to the person before described is of lawful money of Great Britain; [and if any sum

4 is to he paid to him on inrolment, add as follows] and we do hereby directs, that the sum of'part

6 thereof, shall be paid to the said [or, to

the wife* child, father, or mother, at his request] at the

time

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 10.

c time of his inrolment, for which sum we have directed our draft [bill or order] to the collector [or other principal officer] of the customs at the port of ( Dated this day of

53

Commissioners,

CAP. X.

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on foreign wine and five ets.

[March 16, 1795.]

Mo ft gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the preamble* commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick 'expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue as shall be adequate to the increased charges occasioned by any loan to be raised, or stock to be created, by virtue of any act or adds for that purpose to be passed in this session of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional rates and duties herein after respectively mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and The following paid unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, additional du-for and in respect of the several matters and things herein after ^1sb° mentioned, over and above all duties already imposed for or in Great Britain. respect thereof, by any act or acts of parliament, the further duties of excise herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For every tun of French wine imported into Great Britain, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, and for which all the duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or before the twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the importer thereof, a duty of thirty pounds: For every tun of Portugal and Madeira wine, and wine of the produce of Spain, or of any of the dominions of the king of Spain, and wine of all other forts imported into Great Britain, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, and for which all the duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the importer thereof, a duty of twenty pounds:

For every tun of French wine, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, which shall have been found on the first actual survey by the proper officer of excise, after the said twenty-third

For French wine, for which all the duties were not paid by Feb. 23, 1795, 30l. per tun; and for wine of all other fortsimported, aol. per tun.

For French wine found in flock, on the first survey,

afterFeb. 2-3, 1795, 30l. per tun;

and for wine of all other forts so found, sol.

For every barrel of sweets made in Great Britain for sale, us. 7<i. iq.

day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in the {lock, custody, or possession, of any dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of foreign wine, to be paid by such dealer or dealers, or feller or feliers, a duty of thirty* pounds:

For every tun of Portugal and Madeira wine, and wine of the produce of Spain, or of any of the dominions of the king of Spain, and wine of all other forts, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, which shall have been found on the first actual survey by the proper officer of excise, after the said twerttv-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in the flock, custody, or possession of any dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of foreign wine, to be paid by such dealer or dealers, or feller or feliers, a duty of twenty pounds:

For every barrel of liquor which shall be made in Great Britain for sale, by infuflon, fermentation, or otherwise, from fruit or sugar, or from fruit or sugar mixed with any other ingredients or materials whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called ordif-tinguished by the name of Made Wind, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, to be paid by the maker thereof, a duty of eleven shillings and sevenpence farthing.

Duties to be

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That under the ma- such of t}le duties by this act imposed, as shall arise in that part of the c^rnmif- Great Britain called England, shall be under the management cf sioners of ex- the commissioners of excise in England for the time being; and cite. such thereof as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the management of the commissioners of

7 o

excise in Scotland for the time being.

How wine TIT*And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

SaH be efti°C^ in e^mat, nS the l*a*d additional duties hereby imposed on foreign mated and wine, as being found upon such actual survey as aforesaid, in the how the duties flock, custody, cr possession, of any dealer or dealers in, or feller thereon shall or fellers of foreign wine, after the said twenty-third day of Fe-be paid* bruary one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, which shall be in bottles, five reputed quart bottles shall be reckoned to the galion, and two hundred and fifty-two of such gallons to the tun; and the said additional duties payable on foreign wine, as being in the flock, custody, or possession of such dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of foreign wine as aforesaid, shall be paid in manner following; that is to say, one fourth part thereof on the third clay of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; one other fourth part thereof on the third day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; one other fourth part hereof on the seventh day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and the remaining fourth part thereof on the second day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

A# not to ex- I Vh Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing

'tend to flock in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

for which the ch*arore with any duty by virtue of this act, any foreign wine in

additional du-, n J rr rr c i i j 1

ty shall have the flock, custody, or possession, of any dealer or dealers in, or

been paid on seller or sellers of, foreign wine, for which the additional duty by

this

1795.] Anno regni triceHmo quinto Georgii IN. c. 10. 55

this act imposed shall have been paid or* importation thereof; nor

any foreign wine in the flock, custody, or possession, of any dealer ^Qck (joes not

or dealers in* seller or sellers of, foreign wine, unless such dealer exceed 252

or dealers, or feller or feliers, shall have in his, her, or their gallons.

flock, custody, or possession, on such actual survey as aforesaid,

after the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, a quantity or quantities of such foreign

wine exceeding two hundred and fifty two galions, reckoning five-

reputed quart bottles to a gallon for all such wine as. shall be in

bottles.

V. And whereas by the her ein-b efor e recited act of the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, a drawback of the whole amount of the duties of custorns and excise paid on the importation of 'wines into Great Britain is allowed on any fori of zvine intended for the use of admirals, captains, or other commissioned officers employed in his Majesty's service, for their actual consumption on board such of his Majesty's ships as they shall serve in, yearly and every year, in the proportions therein mentioned, and under the rules, regulations, reflections^ penalties, and forfeitures, contained in the said recited act; and it is among other things provided that the said dratvback shall not be allowed upon any wines but such as shall be delivered into the charge of the collectors and comptrollers of his Majesty's customs at certain ports therein enumerated: and whereas it is expedient that the drawback should be allowed\ pursuant to the said recited act, upon any wines which may be delivered into the charge of the collector and comptroller of his Majesty's customs at the port of Dartmouth also, in the same manner as at any of the ports particularly mentioned in the said act: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every 3 clause, matter, and thing, in the said recited act relating to the 48 allowance of the drawback on wines in any of the ports therein ^utiesonwines enumerated, shall be, and the same is hereby extended to the ui-ed on board port of Dartmouth \ and all the rules, regulations, restrictions, the navy, to penalties, and forfeitures, of the said recited act shall, and the extend to the same are hereby declared to apply accordingly, the same as if all Dart-

the cla*uses, powers, directions, and authorities were particularly repeated and re- enacted in the body^of this present act.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a drawback of the whole duties on foreign wine Drawback of imposed by this act shall be allowed on any sort of such foreign the Avhole du- -wine intended for the use of admirals, captains, or other com-^fjj

missioned officers, employed in his Majesty's service, for their ac- reign wine, for tiial consumption onboard such of his Majesty's ships as they the^conlhmp-shall respectively serve in, in like manner, and under the like pro- tion of officers visions, conditions, and restrictions, as a drawback of the former on hoard the duties paid on the importation of wines into Great Britain are di- blYto 33 Geo. redted to be allowed by an act passed in the thirty-third year of 3.C. 48. the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to allow the drawback of the duties of customs and excise upon wines consumed by admirals, captains3 and other commissioned officers> on board ships of

E 4 war

Geo. 3. c. allowing a drawback of

6 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 10. [1795.

war in actual service; and to allow such ships to be supplied with tobacco duty-free.

VII. And whereas contracts may have been made for the sale af wine before the first a final survey taken by the officer of excise after the twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or vSines truly have been fold subsequer.t to such jnrvey; be For wine con- it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases traded to be where any wine whereon the respective duties by this act imposed tional" disty he charged, shall have been or shall be delivered in purfiu

may he added ance o i such contracts or Tales, it shall be lawful for the dealer or to the price, dealers in such foreign wine, delivering the same, to charge so much money as shall be equivalent to the duties by this act itn-posed in respect thereof, in addition to the price of such wine; and such dealer or dealers shall be entitled by virtue of this act to demand and be paid the same accordingly.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Forprize wine That all wine taken and condemned as-prize, and sold by the warehouse°for caPtors or their agents, 2nd taken out of any warehouse wherein home con- the same ill all have been lecu'red, to be consumed in this kingdom, fnmption, the in pursuance of an act passed i<i the thirty-third year of the reign additional da- Of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the relief of the cap-ty to oe paid. fors cjr pr'vzes zv, jh ref pc ft to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom, shall be subject and liable to the additional duty by this act imposed for or in respect of wine imported -r and such additional duty shall be paid and payable by such persons, an4 in such manner as the former duties by the said act of the thirty-third year aforesaid imposed, are payable by law.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies from time to time arising by the several new and additional rates and duties by.this act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same respectively excepted), shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, and the said money fq paid in as aforesaid shall be carried to and made part of the con-fblidated fund.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the monies to arise from the said duties, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by any loan to brufof thi$an^ ma(^e> or to be created, by virtue of any act or acts to be

session^ and parted in this session of parliament, and that the said monies, during for xo years to the space of ten years next ensuing, shall continue to be paid into be kept lepa- the said receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and that there

Duties to be carried to the consolidated fund.

Duties to be applied in defraying any increased charge occa-

rate from of her- monies.

shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, iq which all the monies arising from the said duties paid into the said receipt by virtue of this act, shall, together with the monies arising from any other duties granted in this fell]on of parliament, for the purpose of defraying fuclx increased charge as aforesaid, be entered, separate and apart from all oilier monies paid or payable \o his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever,

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. ir. 57

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Drawback to on the exportation of any foreign wine, for or in respect whereofbe Stowed on the duties by this act imposed fna.ll have been duly paid, there foragn\rines shall be paid or allowed to the exporter or exporters a drawback of agreeable to the said duties of excise, upon the same terms and conditions, and 26 Geo. 3. c. under, subject, and according to the rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, contained, provided,

settled, or established, in and by an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing certain duties now payable on wines imported, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof to be collected under the management of the comjnijfloners of excise; and the said rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, shall be, and the same respectively are hereby directed to be used, applied, practised, and put in execution, on the exportation of wine, for the purpose of obtaining a drawback of the duties by this act granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, had been expressly repeated and re-enacted in this act.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That powers 0F1* all.and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, Car. 2. c. 24* clauses, matters, and things, which, in and by an act, made in the

twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An to 11S a act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights service and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining, the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such cases for which other penalties or provisions are made and prescribed by this act), shall be practised, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the excise duties by this act imposed, and for preventing, deteding, and punishing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present act.

CAP. XI.

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on worts, wash, and other liquors, made in England, for extracting spirits for home consumption \ and for preventing distillers from ?iaking use of wheat or wheat flour in making wash for extracting spirits. —

[March 16, 1795.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the

commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick

5«

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. n.

[1795.

publick revenue as shall be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be raised, ' or flock to be created, by virtue of any act or acts for that purpose to be passed in this session of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional rates and duties herein after respectively mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted \ and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for The follow- the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and in respect chftksto^be^ t^ie ^evera^ matters and things herein after mentioned, over paid, viz. and above all duties already imposed for or in respect thereof, by any act or acts of parliament, the further duties cf excise here-in-after mentioned; that is to say,

For every gal- For every gallon of fermented wort or wash which shall be made iiTfiU brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England, for land from ° extracting spirits for home consumption from any malt, corn, grainforhome grain, or tilts, or any mixture with the same, and which shall not be consumption, actually distilled into spirits on or before the twenty-third day of l^ri^by Fel^eoruary one thousand seven hundred and ninety-live, to be paid3> 1795, id.* by the makers or distillers thereof, one penny:

For every gal- Fern every gallon of cyder or perry, or any other wash or liquor Ion from other which shall be brewed or made in that part of Great Britain call-British mate- ed England, from any fort or kind of British materials, (except rials, id. such as are |3efore mentioned), or from any mixture therewith for extracting spirits for home consumption, and which shall not be actually distilled into spirits on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the makers or distillers thereof, one penny:

For every'gallon of fermented wort or wash which shall be For every gal- brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England^xom Ion from me- me]act'es or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits id^zq^ uSar> for home consumption, and which shall not be actually distilled into spirits on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the makers or distillers thereof, one penny halfpenny:

For every gallon of wash which shall be brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England from foreign refused wine, or foreign cyder, or wash prepared from foreign materials, (except melasses and sugar), or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumption, and which shall not be actually distilled into spirits on or before the said twenty-third day of Fe* hruary one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, ' to be paid by the makers or distillers thereof, two-pence:

For every ninety-six gallons of wash which sir William Bif)Opy Argles Bifaop^ and George Bishop, or the survivors or survivor of them, shall produce from a weight of malt or other corn, includ-

For every gal Ion from foreign materials, except melasses and sugar, zd.

For every 96 gallons made by Mefirs. Bishop from

ing the bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve

pounds.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. n. 59

pounds, and which shall not be actually distilled into spirits on nalb. of or before the said twenty-third day of February1 one thousand corn> as*

seven hundred and ninety-five, two shillings and eight-pence three farthings; and so on in proportion for any greater or Idler quantity of such wash.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Duties to be

the duties by this act imposed shall be under the management JJ^ement of "

the commissioners of excise in England for the time being. the excise.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no wash which shall be brewed or made in that part

of Great Britain called England, under and according to the rules, cor^ing 'to a8 regulations, and provisions of an act, made in the twenty-eighth Geo. 3. C. 46. year of the reign of his present Majesty, for extracting low wines for exporta-or spirits for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain not liable called Scotland, shall be charged or chargeable with any duty or to additional duties of excise granted by this act. duty.

IV. And whereas Jlanding contrails may have been made before the said twenty-third day ^/'February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, by difiillers and makers of spirits, for British spirits to be

delivered after the said twenty-third day of February one thousand n ^British

seven hundred and ninety-five; be it therefore enacted by the au- fpHts after* thority aforesaid, That such difiillers and makers of spirits, Feb. 33, 1795, delivering such British spirits after the said twenty-third day of on contrasts February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in pursuance of such contracts, shall be allowed to add so much money as will may add to be equivalent to the duties by this act imposed, for or in respect the price a of the wort or wash from whence such spirits were extracted or him equiva-made, to the price thereof, and shall be entitled, by virtue of j^ties^this act, to be paid for the same accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Duties to be all the monies from time to time arising by the several new and carriedto the additional rates and duties by this act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same respectively excepted), shall, from and after the passing of this act, from s time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster; and the said money so paid into the exchequer as/ aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the mo- Duties to be nies to arise from the said duties, or so much thereof, as shall be applied in de-sufficient, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for fraying any the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by any ^ai^e^cfcca loan to be made, or (lock to be created, by virtue of any ad or plone

acts to be passed in this session of parliament; and that the said mo- loan of this nies, during the space of ten years next ensuing, shall continue to session, and be paid into the said receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, distinctly ^ke° t fepa-° and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and rate from that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor other monies, of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said duties paid into the said receipt by virtue of this act shall, together with the

monies'

6o

The powers of ia Car. z. c. z4, &c. to

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. n.

[1795.

monies arising from any other duties granted in this feffioti of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid, or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and tilings, cxtaid°to this w^ich, in and by an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights service and purveyance^ and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majesty's

revenue of excise, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such cases for which other provisions are made and preferred by this act), shall be practised, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the excise duties by this act imposed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and reenacted in this present act.

Till the ex-

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, w^k^aft/^frorn anc* after the passing of this act, and from thenceforth

the^com-61* unt^ the expiration of six weeks next after the commencement roencement of of the next session of parliament, no distiller or difriliers, or maker next session, or makers of low wines or spiritS, shall apply, spend, consume, or make use of, or cause, procure, permit, or suffer, to be applied, spent, consumed, or made use of, any wheat or wheat flour in the brewing, making, or preparing, any wort or wash for making or extracting low wines or spirits; and if any distiller or distillers, or maker or makers of low wines or spirits, shall apply, spend, consume, or make use of, or cause, procure, permit, or suffer, to be applied, spent, consumed, or made use of, any wheat or wheat Hour, in the brewing, making, or preparing any wort or wash for making or extracting low wines or spirits contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, the person or persons so offending shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of five hundred pounds; and every servant of such distiller or distillers, maker or makers of low wines or spirits, and every other person who shall be aiding and assisting in the applying, spending, consuming, or making use of any wheat or wheat flour in the brewing, making, or preparing any wort or wash for making or extracting low wines or spirits, or in carrying or conveying the same into the house, stillhouse, or other place used by such distiller or distillers, maker or makers of low wines or spirits, in the brewing, making, or preparing such wort or wash, shall also forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum of twenty pounds; and in default of payment thereof, immediately upon conviction,

shall

no distiller shall use any wheat or wheat flour in making wort for extracting spirits, on penalty of 500l. and persons aiding distillers in such use shall forfeit 2 oh &c.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. n. 61

shall be liable to firffer three months imprisonment in the house of correction, and to be kept to hard labour during such imprisonment.

CAP. XII.

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on foreign spirits. [March 16, 1795.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue as shall be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be raised, or stock to be created, by virtue of any act or acts for that purpose to be pasted in this section of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional rates and duties herein after respectively mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That there shall be The following raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the use of his Ma- additional du-jesty, his heirs and successors, for and in respect of the several matters and things herein after mentioned, over and above all spirits; C duties already imposed for or in respet thereof by any act or acts of parliament, the further duties of excise herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For every gallon of single brandy, imported into Great Britain, For lingle and for which all the duties payable thereon shall not be paid on brandy, for or before the twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the importer thereof, a have been paid duty of ten-pence: ^by Feb, 23,

For every gallon of brandy above proof, imported into Great 1795> iod. per Britain, and for which all the duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thou- above proof, sand seven hundred and ninety-live, to be paid by the importer is. 8d. per thereof, a duty of one shilling and eight-pence: galion:

For every gallon of rum, spirits, or aqua vita, of the produce For spirits of of the British colonies or plantations, imported into Great Britain, the British co-and for which all the duties payable thereon shall not be paid on logics, 8d.per or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand SaU°n; seven hundred and ninety-live, to be paid by the importer thereof, a duty of eight-pence:

For every gallon of rum, spirits, or aqua vita, above proof, of For such-fpU the produce of the British colonies or 'plantations, imported into fits above Great Britain, and for which all the duties payable thereon shall Lallan*not be paid on or before the said twenty-third day of February u one

6z Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 12. [1795.

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the importer thereof, a duty of one shilling and four-pence:

For such fpi- For every gallon of rum or spirits of the produce of the British housed^nd P^antatlons> which, on the said twenty-third day of February one delivemdout ^o^nd seven hundred and ninety-five, shall be in any ware-after Feb. 23, house in which the same shall have been put, subject and accord-1705, 8d. per ing to the rules, regulations, restrictionSj and provisions contained galion: and provided in an act, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, concerning the landing of rum or spirits of the British sugar plantations, before payment of the duties of excise, and lodging the same in warehouses, and which shall, from and after the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, be delivered out of any such warehouse or warehouses respectively for home consumption, (except such rum or spirits for which all the duties payable thereon shall have been paid on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five), to be paid by the importer upon demand, a duty of eight-pence:

For such fpi- For every gallon of rum or spirits over proof, of the produce rits above of the British plantations, which, on the said twenty-third day hou^ed^nd"6" February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, shall be delivered, is. in any such warehouse, and which shall, from and after the said 4d.pergalion: twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, be delivered out <jf any such warehouse for home consumption, (except such rum or spirits for which all the duties payable thereon shall have been paid on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five), to be paid by the importer upon demand, a duty of one shilling and four-pence:

For finglefpi- For every gallon of single spirits, or aqua vitee, (other than such rits imported, brandy, rum, or spirits, as aforesaid), imported into Great Britain, °fkeif f^an as and for which all the duties payable thereon shall not be paid on pe^gallonj*or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the importer thereof, a duty of ten-pence: and if above For every gallon of spirits, or aqua vitee, (other than such proof, is. 8d. brandy, rum, or spirits, as aforesaid), above proof, imported per gallon. into Great Britain, and for which all the duties payable thereon shall not be paid on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be paid by the importer thereof, a duty of one shilling and eight-pence.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore-Additional said, That the additional rate or duty hereby imposed for or in duty on spirits respect of rum, spirits, or aqua vitee, of the produce of the British from^he Bri co^on^es or plantations, imported into this kingdom, may be tish colonies, bonded and secured, and shall be paid and payable in such mgn- may be bond- ner only, and under such regulations and restrictions, as the rates ed, &c. as^and duties of excise heretofore charged for or in respect of such presentduties. rum^ fpjrjtSj or aquavitmay be now bonded and secured, and are by law paid and payable.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto GEORGII IIT. c. 12.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all foreign brandy, rum, and spirits, taken and condemned as prize, and sold by the captors or their agents, and taken out of any warehouse wherein the same shall have been secured, to be consumed in this kingdom, in pursuance of an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, act for the relief of the captors of prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom, shall be subject and liable to the additional duty by this act imposed, for or in respect of brandy, rum, and spirits, respectively imported; and such additional duty shall be paid and payable by such persons, and in such manner, as the former duties, by the said act of the thirty-third year aforesaid imposed, are payable by law.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such of the duties by this act imposed, as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called England., shall be under the management of the commissioners of excise in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the management of the commissioners of excise in Scotland for the time being.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the duties by this act imposed, for or in respect of rum, spirits, or aqua vita, of the produce of the British colonies or plantations, shall be allowed on the shipping thereof as (lores to be spent and consumed on board in any voyage to parts beyond the seas, in the same manner as the former duties imposed thereon now are, or hereafter may be directed to be allowed by law.

VI. And whereas sanding contrafts may have been made before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, by importers or dealers in foreign fpii'its, for such foreign. spirits to be delivered after the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such importers and dealers delivering such foreign spirits after the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-live, in pursuance of such contracts, shall be allowed to add so much money as will be equivalent to the duties by this act imposed for or in respect of such foreign spirits to the price thereof, and shall be entitled, by virtue of this act, to be paid for the lame accordingly.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies, from time to time arising by the several additional rates and duties by this act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same respectively excepted), shall, from and after the passing of this act, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster; and the said money so paid into the exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the monies to arise from the said duties, or so much thereof as shall be fuffreient, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by any

loan

63

Prize spirits taken out of warehouses, liable to additional duty.

Duties to be under the management of the excise.

Duties on spirits of the Bri-tidi colonies to be allowed on ship's stores.

Persons 'delivering foreign spirits after Feb. 23, 1795, on contracts made previous thereto, may add to the price a Turn equivalent to duty.

Duties to be carried to the consolidated fund.

Duties to be applied in defraying any increased.charge occa-

64 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 13. [1795.

fioned by any loan to be made or stock to be created by virtue of any act or

loan of this a(g.s tQ passed in this session ! of parliament and that the said

session, snd1*1/* c p n n

for 10 years to monies, during the space or ten years next ensuing, mail continue

be kept fepa- to be paid into the said receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, dif-rate from^tinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; «ther monies. ancj that jjqere shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said duties paid into the said receipt by virtue of this act, shall, together with the monies arising from any other duties granted

in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such

increased charge as aforesaid, be entered Separate and apart from

all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

Powers of

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the powers. Car. 2. c. z4, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and &C'v° e^tenc* things, which, in and by an act, made in the twelfth year of the to is a reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for taking azvay the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights service and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining, the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such cases for which other provisions are made and prescribed by this act), shall be practised, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the excise duties by this act imposed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present act.

CAP. XIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on tea, coffee, and cocoa nuts, [March 16, 1795.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue, as shall be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be raised, or stock to be created, by virtue of any act or acts for that purpose to be passed in this session of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional rates and duties herein after reflectively mentioned - and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted $ and be it enacted

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. i£.' 65

enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and,

paid unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, t-esto be paid for and in respect of the several matters and things herein after in Great mentioned, over and above all duties already imposed for or in Britain, respect thereof, by any act or acts of parliament, the further duties of excise herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For and upon all tea which, from and after the passing of this For tea fold act, shall be sold in Great Britain by the united company of mer- by the Salt chants, of England trading to the East Indies, a duty of seven ^yl*\ ^as^"* pounds ten shillings per centum, to be computed upon the gross percent.upon prices at which such tea shall be sold, to be paid by the purchaser the price, or purchasers of such tea to the said united company, and to be paid by the said united company to the commissioners of excise for the time being:

For every pound weight avoirdupois of cocoa nuts of the For cocoa growth or produce of any British colony or plantation in America, nuts of the imported into Great Britain, and which shall be delivered out of BrkTlh^ccflo the warehouse in which the same shall have been lodged under the njes -in Ame-care and custody of the proper officers for feeuring the duties rica, delivered payable thereon, for home consumption, and so in proportion out of ware-for any greater or less quantity, and for which all the duties pay- k°^Scon* able thereon shall not have been paid on or before the twenty- fumption, -for third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, which all the a duty of sixpence halfpenny: duties shall

For every pound weight avoirdupois of cocoa nuts of the n^vep^en growth or produce of any other place, imported into Great Bri- 179*, 6d, tain, and which shall be delivered out of the warehouse in which 2q. per lb. $ the same shall have been lodged under the care and custody of and of the the proper officers for securing the duties payable thereon, for growth of any home consumption, and so in proportion for any greater or less^quantity, and for which all the duties payable thereon, shall not IS'^er q have been paid on or before the twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, a duty of one shilling and eight-pence:

For every pound weight avoirdupois of coffee imported into For coffee so Great Britain, and which shall be delivered out of the warehouse delivered, 6d. in which the same shall have been lodged under the care and cuf- Per ' tody of the proper officers for securing the duties payable thereon, for home consumption, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, and for which all the duties payable thereon shall not have been paid on or before the twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, a duty of sixpence halfpenny.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Duty on tea the said duty by this act imposed for or in respect of tea shall be deemed and taken to be an inland duty, and be under the management of the commissioners of excise for the time being, and drawnbackon Vou XL. F shall

66 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 13. [1795.

xPor^at^on.» shall be again drawn back and repaid upon the exportation of on teaC cocoa tea to any P*ace where a drawback of the duty on tea is nuts, and cofl now allowed by law, upon the same terms and conditions, and fee, to be le- under, subject, and according to the same rules, regulations, revied, &c. strictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, as are respectaft^datfneto ^vety contained, provided, settled, or established, by any act or excise^ acts of parliament in force at the time of passing this act, and

relating to the exportation of tea; and the said rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, shall be, and the same respectively are hereby directed to be duly observed, practised, applied, and put in execution, upon such exportation of any such tea*, and that the said respecti've duties by this act imposed for or in respect of tea, cocoa nuts, and coffee, respectively, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, by such persons, and under such management, and under, subject, and according to the rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, anc} forfeitures, as are respectively contained, provided, settled, or established, by any act or acts of parliament in force at the time of passing this act, and relating to the excise duties payable for or in respect of tea, cocoa nuts, and coffee, respectively; and the said rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures respectively, shall be, and the same respectively are hereby directed to be duly observed, practised, and put in execution, for the raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the said respective duties by this act imposed, for or in respect of tea, cocoa nuts, and coffee, respectively, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated, and again enacted in this act.

Prize tea fold,

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That and prize cof- a]} ^ea taken and condemned as prize, and sold by the captors or

tin j l

nuts taken their agents> pursuant to the rules, regulations, and restrictions, prescribed by an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the relief of the captors of prizes, vjith respect to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom, shall be subject and liable to the additional duty by this act imposed on tea; and that all coffee and cocoa nuts taken and condemned as prize, and sold by the captors or their agents, and taken out of any warehouse in which the same shall have been secured, in pursuance of the said act, to be consumed in this kingdom, shall also be subject and liable to the additional duties by this act imposed for or in respect of coffee and cocoa nuts respectively imported.

The following

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That be^Howed on upon exPortation of chocolate there shall be paid and allowed the exporta- the flowing additional drawbacks; that is to say, tion of chocolate made in For every pound weight avoirdupois of chocolate which shall Great Britain: be fn Great Britain of cocoa nuts of the growth or produce

If of cocoa 0p any British colony or plantation in America, imported into produce1 of Great Britain, (for which the duties hereby imposed in respect P thereof

out of ware-houses to be consumed, liable to the additional duty.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 13.' 67

thereof shall have been paidJl, and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, a drawback of five-pence: ricna^ pr

For every pound weight avoirdupois Of chocolate which shall lb. be made in Great Britain of cocoa nuts of the growth or produce jf Of the proof any other place, imported into Great Britain^ (for which the duce of any duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid), and other place, exported as merchandize to foreign parts, a drawback of one IS* 4ci* shilling and four-pence.

Which said drawbacks shall be paid and allowed upon the same Drawbacks to terms and conditions, and under, subject, and according to the be paid agree -same rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, J^le to acts m and forfeitures, as are respectively contained, provided, settled, orce? c* or established, by any act or acts of parliament in force at the time of palTing this act, and relating to the exportation of chocolate; and the said rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, shall be, and the same respectively are hereby directed to be duly observed, practised, applied, and put in execution, upon such exportation of any such chocolate.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies from time to time arising by the several new and additional rates and duties by this act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same respectively excepted), shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster; and the said money so paid in as aforesaid shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the monies to arise from the said duties, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be made or dock to be created by virtue of any act or acts to be passed in this session of parliament; and that the said monies, during the space of ten years next ensuing, shall continue to be paid into the said receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, dif-tindfly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said duties paid into the said receipt by virtue of this act, shall, together with the monies arising from any other duties granted in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased chatge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

Duties to be carried to the consolidated fund.

Duties to be applied in de fraying any increased charge occa-honed by any loan of this session, and for 10 years to be kept separate from other monies.

68 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii

"t*

CAP. XIV.

An act for raising the sum of eighteen millions by way of annuities* [March 16, 1795.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

Preamble.TTTE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, have resolved, that the sum of eighteen millions be raised by annuities, in manner herein after mentioned; and do therefore mofthumbly beseechyour Majesty that it may been acted; and be it enacted by the King's itioft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia- Evety contri- ment assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every con-to^rentit?ed* tributor towards raising the said sum of eighteen millions fshall, to an annui- for every one hundred pounds contributed and paid, be entitled ty of 3l. from to the principal sum of one hundred pounds in annuities, after Jam 5, 1795; the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and to a further S^6s^8d ^f Pr*nCJPal sum thirty-three pounds six shillings and eight-pence in

33

4b per cents, from Oct. 10, 1794; and an

annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum,

re-

in a certain case, to such further annuity as shall be fixed.

deemable by parliament; the said annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum to commence from the fifth day of 8sn6dyfor 6 January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and the years^nd* annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum to three months commence from the tenth day of October one thousand seven from the said hundred and ninety-four; and shall also be entitled, in respect of p&. 10; and every such one hundred pounds so contributed, to a further annuity

m 3 r^rfain r i n mi*, r.r r

of eight shillings and sixpence, to continue for a certain term or sixty-five years and three months, from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and then to cease; and also to such further annuity as shall be fixed by any act in this section of parliament, in case provision shall not be made by any act in the said session, for guaranteeing the payment of the A dividends on a loan of six millions sterling to be advanced by the

b^D^vabfeout cor, tr^utors for the service of the emperor of Germany, and of the consoli- that the said annuities after the rate of three pounds and of four pounds per centum, and of eight shillings and sixpence, in respect of each one hundred pounds so to be contributed as aforesaid, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon, and made payable out of, the consolidated fund, and shall be payable, and transferrable at the bank of England; and the said annuity after the rate of three pounds per centum shall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year; and the said annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum shall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of April and the tenth day of October in every year; and the said annuity of eight shillings and sixpence to continue for a certain term of sixty-five years and three months from the said tenth day of October

dated fund half-yearly.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 14, '69

her one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and then to cease, shall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of April and the tenth day of October in every year.

II. And whereas, pursuant to, and upon the terms and conditions expressed in the said resolution^ several persons have, in books opened at the bank of England for that purpose^ subscribed together the whole of the said sum of eighteen millions to be raised by annuities, and made deposits of ten pounds per centum on the respective sums by them so subscribed to the said sum of eighteen millions to be raised by annuities, with the cafoiers of the governor and company of the bank of England; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Contributors such contributors who have made such deposits with the cashier ^ade d^oft or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, at the bank1 (which cashier or cashiers is and are hereby appointed the re-may pay the ceiver and receivers of such contributions, without any other remainder of warrant to be had in that behalf), to advance and* pay unto the ^ons^nftS" said cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank ments/ of England, the several remainders of the sums by them reflectively subscribed towards the said sum of eighteen millions, at or before the respective days and times, and in the proportions here-in-after limited and appointed in that behalf; (that is to say), the further sum of ten pounds per centam on or before the seventeenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; the further sum of ten pounds per centum on or hefore the twelfth day of June then next following; the further sum of ten pounds per centum on or before the seventeenth day of July then next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the twenty-eighth day of August then next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the twenty-third day of October then next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the twenty-seventh day of November then next following; and the remaining sum of fifteen pourids per centum on or before the fifteenth day of January one thousand seven hunclrecf and ninety-six.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Guardians^it shall and may be lawful for any guardian or trustee having the disposition of the money of any infant, to contribute and pay for

or towards advancing the said sum of eighteen millions to be raised by annuities in manner aforesaid, and such infant, upon the payment of such sum or sums subscribed by such guardian or truffee, shall become a contributor within the meaning of this acct, and be entitled to have and receive the annuities, advantages, and payments in respect thereof, in such and the like manner as any other contributor; and the said guardian and trustee, as to the said sum or sums so advanced, is hereby discharged, so as the name of such infant be expressed in the receipt or receipts for such money.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every contributor paying Contributors in the whole of the sums by them respectively subscribed in re- to be allowed spedl of the said sum of eighteen millions, to be contributed as aforesaid, at any time on or before the twentieth day of March m ad-'

F^one vance.

70 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 14. [1795.

one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, shall be entitled to an allowance of so much money as the intereil of each sum so paid in advance, for completing his, her, or their contributions respectively, shall amount unto, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, from the twenty-third day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to the fifteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; and that every contributor paying in the whole of the sums by them subscribed as aforesaid, at any time subsequent to the twentieth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and previous to the twenty-seventh day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, shall be entitled to an allowance of so much money as the interest: of each sum so paid in advance, for completing his, her, or their contribution respectively, shall amount unto, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, from the day of completing the same, to the fifteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; which allowances are to be paid by the said cafiiier or cashiers, out of the money to be contributed in pursuance of this act, as soon as such respective contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall have completed such respective payments. Annuities to V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That be paid half- the several subscribers or contributors, their executors, admini*-not^ill fub strators) successors, and assigns, in relpebl of the said sum of eigh-icnptions are teen millions, shall be entitled to 2n annuity after the rate of completed. three pounds per centum, for every one hundred pounds, by him, her, or them respectively advanced and paid, to commence from the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, until redemption, by parliament, in manner herein after mentioned; and shall also be entitled in respect of every such one hundred pounds so advanced and paid to a further annuity, after the rate of four pounds per centum in respebf of the additional principal sum of thirty-three pounds six shillings and eight-pence, from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, until redemption, by parliament, in manner herein after mentioned; and shall also be entitled, in respect of every such one hundred pounds so advanced and paid, to a further annuity of eight shillings and sixpence, to continue for the term of sixty-five years and three months, from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and then to cease; which said respective annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, and of four pounds per centum, and of eight shillings and sixpence, shall be payable and paid half-yearly, by even and equal portions; (that is to say), the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum., on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year; and the said annuities, after the rate of four pounds per centum, on the fifth day of April and the tenth day of October in every year; and the said annuity of eight - shillings and sixpence on the said fifth day of April and the said tenth day of October in every year; the first payment upon the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum,

to

7*

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 14.

to be due on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and on the said annuity, after the rate of four pounds per centum, on the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; on the said annuity of eight shillings and sixpence on the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, but shall not be payable until the respective subscribers or contributors, their executors, admini (Ira tors, successors, or assigns, shall have completed the whole of the sums by them subscribed for the purchase of the said annuities.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every such contributor or contributors, Contributors his, her, or their executors, administrators, and assigns, who t^ejr

shall have paid into the hands of the said cashier or cashiers the subscriptions whole of his, her, or their contribution money, on or before the by the times second day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, herein specifi-shall be entitled to have and receive on the fifth day of April one ^tIed°to the*thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, at the bank of England, annuities at the half year's annuity, after the rate of four pounds per centum, certain peri-and the half year's annuity, after the rate of eight shillings and ods. sixpence, that shall become due on the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and that all and every person or persons who shall have completed the whole.of his, her, or their said payment or payments on or before the second day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, on or before the seventh day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or on or before the second day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, respectively, shall be entitled on the day next ensuing on which any dividend shall become due by virtue of this act to receive the half year's annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum, four pounds per centum, or eight shillings and sixpence, or any of them, which by virtue of this act shall be-? come due on such day respectively, or shall have become due at any day preceding, and shall not have been paid by virtue of this act; and that all and every person or persons^who shall not have completed the whole of their said payments on or before the said second day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, shall, on completing the same within the time in this act prescribed, be then entitled to receive the whole of one year's annuity on each of the said several annuities by this act granted, or to be granted, from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, respectively, according to the true intent and meaning of this a£L

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the annuities aforesaid shall be payable, and paid, and be transferable at the bank of Annuities England; and, as to the said annuities of three pounds per centum, at

and of four pounds per centum, shall be subject to such redemption

s is herein after mentioned,

VIII. And for the more easy and Jure payment of all the several QT\nuities established by this act> be it further enacted by the autho-

f 4

72. Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 14 [1795.

The bank to rity aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the bank of ihi errand ac- ^n^anrK and their successors, dial], from time to time, until all the countant ge- said annuities shall be redeemed or determined, appoint and employ neral, and the one or more sufficient person or persons within their, office in the treasury to or- city of London to be their chief or first cashier or cashiers, and one bT ai^tcJthe ot^er ^uffic'ent person within the same office to be their accoun-cashier. tant general; and that so much of the monies by this act appropriated for the purpose as shall be sufficient from rime to time to answer the said several and respective annuities and other payments herein directed to be'made out of the said monies, shall, by order of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the respective days of payment in this act appointed for payment thereof, be issued and paid at the receipt of the exchequer to the said first or chief cashier or ciifhiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors for the time being, by way of imprest, and upon account for the payment of the said several and respecti.ve annuities Cashier to pay payable by virtue of this act; and that such cashier or cashiers to

annuities whom the said money shall from time to time be issued, shall, without delay, r. >.., r,

and the ac- from time to time, without delay, pay the lame accordingly,

countant ge- and render his or their accounts thereof according to the due neral to in- course of the exchequer, and that the said accountant general for counts* 3C" ^me being shall from time to time inspe£f and examine all receipts and payments of the said cashier. or cashiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

Cashierto give

IX. And be it further enacted, That the cashier or cashiers of receipts for the governor and company of the bank of England\ who shall which ma^be ^ave rcceb'ed, or shall receive any part of the said contributions assignedbd: ore towards the said sum of eighteen millions, shall give a receipt or Dec. 10, i79y. receipts in writing, to every such contributor, for all such sums, and that the receipts to be given shall be affigpable, by indorsement thereupon made, at any time before the tenth day ol December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and no longer: Cashier to give provided always, That such cashier or cashiers shall give security to security, and the good liking of any three or more of the commissioners of the to pay money treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, for duly aqfwer-daRafterCre anc* paying hito the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, for the* ceived, into publick use, all the monies which they have already received, and the exche- shall hereafter receive, from time to time, of and for the said sum <luer' of eighteen millions, and for accounting duly for the same, and for performance of the trust hereby in them repoled, and shall, from time to time, pay all such monies as soon as he or they shall receive the same, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards, at the farthest, into, and shall account for the same in the exchequer, according to the due court; thereof, deducting the reout such sums as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this for which sums so paid allowance shall be made in his or their accounts.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 14. 73

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in A book to be the office of the accountant general of the governor and com- kept in the ac-pany of the bank of England for the time being, a book or books- neral's^ffice shall be provided and kept in which the names of the contributors for entering shall be fairly entered; which book or books the said respective contributors contributors, their respective executors, administrators, succes- nj^' ofdU' fors, and assigns, shall and may, from time to time, and at all which shall be seasonable times, resort to, and inspecf, without any fee or charge; transmitted to and that the said accountant general shall, on or before the fifth the auditor day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, transmit of tke exche-an attested duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the said book or ^uer' books, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Contributors such contributors duly paying the whole sum so subscribed, at or ^7 before the respective times in this act limited in that behalf, and to their respgdlive executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, entitled to shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this their annuities act, to have, receive, and enjoy, the said several annuities by this ^ree ^rom aft granted, in respect of the sum so subscribed out of the monies

granted and appropriated in this section of parliament for payment thereof, and shall have good and sure interests and estates therein, according to the several provisions in this acct contained, as well in respect of the said transferrable annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and of four pounds per centum per annum, as of eight shillings and sixpence per annum., payable and transferrable at the hank of England: and that the said several annuities shall be free from all taxes, charges, and impositions whatsoever.

XII. Provided always, That in case any such contributors who Subscriptions have already deposited with, or shall hereafter pay to the said ca- paid in part, fhier or cashiers, any sum or sums of money, at the time, and p^ed0tto°be* in the manner herein-before mentioned, in part of the sum or sums forfeited.

so by them respectively subscribed, or their respective executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall not advance and pay to the said cashier or cashiers the residue of the sum or sums so subscribed at the times and in the manner before mentioned; then, and in every such case, so much of the respective sum or sums so subscribed, as shall have been actually paid in part thereof, to the said cashier or cashiers, shall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds and of four pounds per centum per annum, and of eight shillings and sixpence per annum, in respect thereof, shall be extinguished; any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That As soon as as soon as any contributors, their executors, administrators, fuc- ffibicriptions ceflors, or assigns, shall have completed their payments of the e(j? they may whole sum payable by them respectively, towards the said sum of be transferred eighteen millions, the principal sum or sums so by them subscribed at the bank, and paid respectively shall forthwith be, in the books of the bank

of

74

Annuities to be deemed personal estate

Treasury may itpply the mo* Tity paid into the exchequer.

Accountant general to keep booksfor re giltering transfers.

Stock may be deviled by will, which must be. en-

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 14. [1795.

of England., placed to the credit of such respective contributors* their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, completing such payments respectively; and the persons to whose credit such principal sums shall be so placed, their respective executors, administrators, successors, and alsigns, shall and may have power to assign and transfer the same, or any part, share or proportion thereof, to any other person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in the books of the bank of England; and such sums shall carry the several annuities, after the rate of three pounds and of four pounds per centum per annum respectively, redeemable by parliament, and the annuity of eight shillings and sixpence per annu?n for sixty-five years and three months, and then to cease; and shall be taken and deemed to be stock transferable, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, until redemption of the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds and of four pounds per centum per annum, in such manner as is herein after mentioned, and until the determination of the said annuity of eight shillings and sixpence per annum at the expiration of the said period of sixty-five years and three months.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all persons who shall be entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted in respect of the said eighteen millions, and all persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a personal estate which shall not be descendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London, or otherwise; any law, statute, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, to issue and apply, from time to time, all such sums of money as shall be so paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer by the said cashier or cashiers, to such Cervices as shall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this present session of parliament.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That books shall be constantly kept by the said accountant general for the time being, wherein all alignments or transfers of all sums advanced or contributed towards the said sum of eighteen millions, shall be entered and registered; which entry shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such alignments or transfers, or, if fucfy parties be absent, by their respective attorney or attornies there-pnto lawfully authorised, in writing, under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses; and that the several persons to whom such transfers shall be made, shall respectively underwrite their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of assigning and transferring the said annuities, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good or available in law: provided always, That all persons post. felled of any share or interest in either of the said Clocks of annuities, or any estate or interest therein, may devise the same by will, in writing, attested by two or more credible witnesses; but

tha$

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 14. 75

that no payment shall be made upon any such devise until so much tered with of the said will as relates to such share, estate, or interest, in the said flocks of annuities, be entered in the said office; and that g a'in default of such transfer or devise, such share, estate, or interest, in the said flocks of annuities shall go to the executors, administrators, successors and assigns; and that no stamp duties whatsoever Transfers not shall be charged on any of the said transfers; any law or statute, ° l^ble to to the contrary notwithstanding. am^ Ut7*

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of the monies arinng from the con- Treasury to tributions towards raising the said sum of eighteen millions by an- ^en-

nuities*, any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or cesoutofcon-the high treasurer for the time being, shall have power to discharge tributions, and all such incident charges as shall necessarily attend the execution allow fala-of this act, in such manner as to them shall seem just and reason-

able, and also to settle and appoint such allowances as shall be countant ge-thought proper for the service, pains, and labour of the said cashier neral. or cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting foY the said contributions, and also shall have power to make out of thecon-folidated fund such further allowances as shall be judged reasonable for the service, pains, and labour, of the said cashier or cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities payable by virtue of this act, and also for the service, pains, and labour, of the said accountant general, for performing the trufl reposed in him by this act; all which allowances, to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the service, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the said governor and company, shall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company* and at their disposal only.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies to which any person or persons shall become The 3 per entitled by virtue of this a<£l, in respect of any sum advanced or contributed towards the said sum of eighteen millions, on which added^o the the said respective annuities, after the rate of three pounds per joint stock of ce?itum per annum shall be attending, shall be added to the joint the 3 per flock of annuities transferrable at the bank of England, into which cents- > the several sums carrying an interest after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum were, by several acts made in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-second, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent acts, consolidated, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament, in such manner and upon such notice as in the said act made in the twenty-fifth year of his said late Majesty's reiga is directed in respect of the several and respective annuities redeemable by virtue of the said act; and that all and every person and persons, and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they, shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional interest and share in the said joint stock of annuities at the rates aforesaid,

XIX, An4

and the per cents to the joint stock of per cents.

Anrvnities of Ss, 6d. to be added to the

annuities for^and 98 years.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 14. [1794.

XIX. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies to which any person or persons shall become entitled by virtue of this act, in respect of any sum advanced Or contributed towards the said sum of eighteen millions, on which the said annuity after the rate of four pounds per ce?itum per annum shall be attending, shall be added to the joint stock of annuities, transferable at the bank of Englandr, into which the several sums carrying an interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, were, by two acts made in the twentieth and twenty-first years of the reign of his present Majesty, and by several subsequent acts, converted, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament in such manner, and upon such notice as in the said acts are directed in respect of the annuities redeemable by virtue of the said acts; and that all and every person and persons, and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this act shall have, 'and be deemed to have, a proportional interest andfhare? in the said joint stock of annuities, at the rate aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the said annuities, after the rate of eight shillings and six-

pence per annum, to continue for a certain term of sixty-five years and three months, from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and thentocease, to which any person or persons, bodies politick and corporate shall be entitled by virtue of this act, in respect of any sum or sums of money advanced or contributed towards raising the said sum of eighteen millions as aforesaid, shall be added to and made one joint stock, with certain annuities which, by two acts made in the first and second years of the reign of his present Majesty, were granted and made payable at the bank of England, for the respective terms of ninety-nine years, and ninety-eight years, from the fifth days of "January one thousand seven hundred and sixty-one, and one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two respectively, and then to cease; and which laid respective annuities were consolidated and made one joint stock of annuities by divers acts, made in the reign of his present Majesty, and shall be paid, payable, and transferable at the same time and times, and in like manner with the said annuities granted by the said acts; and so much money shall, from time to time, continue to be set apart, and issued at the receipt of

A surdities granted by

paid o^of the ^ie Exchequer to the said cashier or cashiers of the bank of Eng-confuiidated

hmd.

Persons counterfeiting re-

land, as shall be furficient to satisfy and pay so much of the said annuities, after the respective rates of three pounds per centum per annum, of four pounds per centum per annum, and the annuities hereby granted to continue for a certain term of sixty-five years and three months, from the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety four, and then to ceafq, together with the charges attending the same, out of the consolidated fund; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

a XL And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit or caihe

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 14. 77

y or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or ceipts for con-assisi in the forging or counterfeiting any receipt or receipts for t^]ltltlo"^fCC* the whole of, or any part or parts of, the said contributions to- ° wards the said sum of eighteen millions, either with or without the name or names of any person or persons being inserted therein as the contributor or contributors thereto, or payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof; or shall alter any number, figure, or word therein; or utter or publish as true any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts, with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever; every such person or persons so forging or'counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting or affiAing in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the bank The bank to of England, and their successors, notwithstanding the redemp- continue a tion of all or any of their own funds, in pursuance of the acts for the annui-establishing the same, or any of them, shall continue a corpora-ties hereby tion for the purposes of this act, until all the annuities by this act granted cease. granted shall be redeemed by parliament, or shall cease as afore-

laid; and that the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by retifon of their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no fee, reward, or gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of his No fee shall

MaieAy's subjects, for receiving or paying the said subscription or tfkynfor

receiving con-

contribution monies, or any of them, or for any receipt concern- tributions, or

ing the same, or for paying the said annuities, or any of them, or paying or

for any transfer of any sum, great or small, to be made in pur- transferring

fuance of this act, upon pain that any officer or person offending,

by taking, or demanding any such fee, reward, or gratuity, shall, _ 014

for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the

party aggrieved, with full costs of suit, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his MajeAv's

courts of record at Westminster^ wherein no essoin, protection,

privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of restraint, or

anymore than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this act, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act General issue, and the special matter in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or drrences; and if afterwards a verdict shall pals for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or be nonsuited, or judgement

73

[Treble costs.]

Preamble, reciting orders in council of Jan. 16,

and of Jan. ai, 1795.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 15. [1795.

ment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer* or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XV.

An act for rendering effectual his Majesty's orders in council of the sixteenth and twenty-first days of January one t housand seven hundred and ninety-five, respecting the adiniffmi of the efie ft?mentioned in the said orders into the ports of this country, to be warehoused; and for indemnifying all persons who have acted in confluence of such orders. [March 16, 1795.]

WHEREAS his Majesty, by his order in council bearing date the sixteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, ivas pleased to dir eft that all goods, wares, merchandizes, and efifefts whatsoever, coming dire ftly from any of the ports of the United Provinces to any of the ports of this kingdom in the vessels of any country, and navigated in any manner, be permitted\ until further order, to be landed and secured in warehouses under the joint locks of his Majesty and of the 'proprietors, at the rijk and expence of the said proprietors, there to remain in safe custody for the benefit of the proprietors thereof until due provisions shall be made by law to enable such proprietors to re-export, or otherwise dispose of the same: and whereas his Majesty, by his further order in council bearing date the twenty-first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, was pleased to dir eft that all goods, wares, merchandizes, and efifefts whatsoever, belonging to any of the subjects or inhabitants of the United Provinces, or belonging to any subjects of his Majesty, or to any subjects of any country in amity with his Majesty, coming from any part of Europe, Asia, Africa, or America, in amity with his Majesty, in vessels belonging to any subjects or inhabitants of the United Provinces, or to any subjects of his Majesty, or of any country in amity with his Majesty, and bound to any port of the United Provinces, may, until further order, be permitted to be landed in any port of this kingdom, and may be secured in warehouses for the benefit of the proprietors thereof, in the same manner as was directed by the above-mentioned order of his Majesty in council, bearing date the sixteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five: and whereas goods, wares, merchandizes, and efifefts, which may be brought into the ports of this kingdom, or brought within four leagues of the coafis thereof, in coifidence of the said orders, or either of them, may he subject to seizure under the provisions of some acts or act of parliament novo in force, and the ships, vessels, or boats, in or on board which such goods, wares, merchandizes, and efifefts, may be fio brought into the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coafis thereof, may also, under like provisions, be subject to seizure as forfeited, and the persons acting therein may be liable to prosecutions and actions in respect thereof \ but as such orders were so necessary for the publick good, and for the safety and preservation of the property and efifefts of his Majesty's subject sr and of his allies, that all such goods, wares,

merchandize,

79

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 15.

merchandize, effects, ships, vejfiels, and boats, as of or esaid\ ought

to be exempted from all forfeitures; #// persons who have acted,

or shall ait, bringing in the same, or who have afled, or shall act, in pursuance of or according to fuVh orders, ought to be indemnified: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any such goods, wares, merchan- If goods, vef-dize, or effects, as aforesaid; or any ships, vessels, or boats, fe!s> &c. be horses, cattle, or carriages, employed in importing, conveying, commi/Eonera or removing the same, shall be seized as forfeited by virtue of of the customs any' 1

his that

or intended to be brought, into this kingdom, upon the faith, or fn^o^he king-according to the terms of such orders respectively, without any domagreeable intention of fraud in the owner or owners thereof, such com- recited or-missioners shall cause the same to be released from such seizure, coun*

and to be secured for the benefit of the owner or owners thereof, 7 according to the true intent and meaning of the said orders respectively, and upon such terms as the said commissioners shall think fit for the due execution of the said orders respectively, and shall direct; and if such owner or owners shall comply with such terms, the officer or officers who shall have seized the same shall not proceed for the condemnation thereof; but if such owner or owners shall not comply with such terms, such officer or officers shall be at liberty to proceed to the condemnation of such goooods, wares, merchandize, or effects; nevertheless such owner or owners shall not be entitled to any damages on account of such seizure.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Suits for acts all personal actions and suits, and all indictments, informations, '

prosecutions, and proceedings whatsoever, which have been or on}ers shall be prosecuted or commenced against: any person or persons, charged, ships, vessels, goods, wares, merchandizes, or effects, for or by reason of any act, matter, or thing done, or forborne to be done, in execution of or in consequence of the said orders, or either of them, be, are, and shall be discharged and made void by virtue of this act; and that if any action or suit shall be prosecuted and commenced against any person or persons for or by reason of any such act, matter, or thing, so done, or forborne to be done, he,

{he, or they, may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence; and if the plaintiff* or plaintiffs If plaintiffs in in.any action or suit lb to be prosecuted or commenced after the adhons prose-sixteenth day of January last, in that part of Great Britain called fenced1 England, shall become nonsuit, or forbear further prosecution, or jan. 16, 179^ suffer discontinuance, or if a verdict pals against such plaintiff or become 11011-plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover his, her, or &e.the their double costs, for which he, she, or they, shall have the like recoverd^u-0 remedy as in cases where the costs by law are given to defen- ble costs. dants; and if any such action or suit as aforesaid shall be commenced

law relating to the customs or excile, the commiihoners or may release Majesty's customs, on evidence given to their satisfaction them, on such goods, wares, merchandize, or effects, were brought,

So

Defendants in actions alrea-

ply to the court to (top proceedings, &c.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 15. [1795.

menced or prosecuted after the said sixteenth day of January, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland\ the court before which such action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted, shall allow to the defender the benefit of the discharge and indemnity hereby provided, and shall further allow him his double costs of suit in all such cases as aforesaid.

III. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

if any action or suit, prosecution or other proceeding, hath been

ccd, may ap- alreacty commenced against any person or persons, or against any goods, wares, merchandizes, or effedfs, ships, vessels, boats, horses, cattle, or carriages, which the said of shall order to be released, as aforesaid, for or by reason of any act, matter, or thing, done, or forborne to be done, in execution of or in consequence of the said orders, or either of them, it shall and may be lawful for the defendants or defenders, in any such adiions or suits, prosecutions or proceedings respectively, in whatever courrs in Great Britain such actions or suits, prosecutions or proceedings, shall have been commenced, to apply to such courts respectively to stay all proceedings therein respecti vely, by motion in a summary way; and such courts or court are hereby required to make order for that purpose accordingly; and the court or courts making such order shall, if they shall think fit, award and allow to the defendants or defenders respectively, such colls of suit as such court or courts shall think proper, for which such defendants or defenders shall respectively have the like remedy as in cases where the colls are by law given to defendants or defenders.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any persons or person to im-

subjects of the Port or bring into any of the ports of this kingdom, any goods. United Pro- wares, merchandizes, and effects whatsoever, belonging to any of yinces, com- the subjects of the United Provinces, or to any persons who, be-thence^c fore n^neteent^ day January last, were inhabitants of the maybe land- feid United Provinces, or belonging to any subject of his Majesty, ed and ware- or to any subject of any country in amity with his Majesty, com-housed, &c. ing from any part of the United Provinces; and also any like -goods, wares, merchandizes, and effects, from any part of Europe, Asia, Africa, or America, in amity with his Majesty, in vessels belonging to any subject of the United Provinces, or to any persons, who, before the nineteenth day of January last, were inhabitants of the said United Provinces^ or to any subject of his Majesty, or of any country in amity with his Majesty, and bound to any port ' of the United Provinces; and the same shall and may be landed in the presence of the proper officers of the customs, and secured in warehouses under the joint locks of his Majesty and of the proprietors thereof, at the risk and expence of the said proprietors; such warehouses to be approved of.by the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs, or any four or more of them, in that part of Great Britain called England, and the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in that part of Great Britain called Scotland or any three or more of them respectively, or by the principal officers of the Goods belonging to

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. x6 — 18. 81

the port where such goods shall be imported; and the Raid of reflectively shall and are hereby authorised and required to make Rich regulations, and to give Rich directions as they may deem necessary for securing the Raid goods, wares, merchandizes, and effedfs, for the benefit of the proprietors thereof, and for the security of the revenue, until further provisions shall be made by parliament respecting the same.

V. Provided always, and' be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, to suspend the operation of this act, or any part thereof, and to renew the same in the whole or in part, for Rich time, and in Rich manner, as shall be thought expedient and proper.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to alter or repeal this present act, and every or any thing therein contained in this present session of parliament.

His Majesty in council may suspend the operation of this act.

Act may be altered or repealed this session.

CAP. XVI.

An act for applying certain sums of money, raised in the county of Derby, by virtue of several acts of parliament made respecting the militia of tins kingdom.

[March i6, 1795.]

Eight thousand pounds raised in the county of Derby under the militia acts, to be paid to the treasurers of the subscriptions for raising men for the defence of the kingdom, and in default of payment it may be recovered at law. Persons so paying money, and all concerned in raising it, indemnified. The treasurers in the first place to pay the expences of this act, and apply the remainder of the money in their hands towards raising, fee. troops for the internal defence of the kingdom,

CAP. XVII.

An act for appointing of to put in execution an act of this lellion of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-live, together with those named

in two former acts, for appointing of of the land tax.--

[March i6; 1795.]

CAP. XVIII.

An act to repeal an act made in the la ft session of parliament, intituled,

An act to enable his Majesty to establish a court of criminal judicature in Norfolk Island: and for the better enabling his Majesty to establish such court in the said Island.

[March 16,

1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act made and passed In the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to 27 Geo. 3. c, enable his Majesty to establish a court of criminal judicature on and the eastern coast of New South Wales, and the parts adjacent; it is enacted, That his Majesty may, by his commission under the great feat, authorise the person to be appointed governor, or the lieutenant governor in the absence of the governor, of the eajftern coast of New

Vql. XL# G' South

8z Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 18. [1795.

South Wales, and the Islands adjacent thereto, to convene, from time to time, as occasion tnay tequire, a court of judicature, for the trial and punishment of all such outrages and misbehaviours, as if committed within this realm would be deemed and taken, according to the laws of this realm, to be treason, or misprision thereof felony, or misdemeanor, which said court shall proceed to try such offenders after the manner therein mentioned: and whereas from the increased number of persons in Norfolk Istand, being one of thesaidijlands adjacent to the said eastern coajl of New South Wales, and from the delay and difficulty attending the conveyance of pr if oners from the said Norfolk Island to his Majesty's settle?nent on the said eastern coajl^New South Wales, the due execution of the said act hath been greatly retarded and impeded: and whereas for remedy thereof and to the end that the benefits of the said act might be more effectually extended to his Majestjs set- % tlement on Norfolk Istand, an act was made and passed in the hft

34 Geo. 3. session of parliament, intituled An act to enable his Majesty to efta-

c. 45? recited, bjjfh a COurt of criminal judicature in Norfolk Istand: and whereas the provisions of the said la ft mentioned act are insufficient for the purposes thereby intended, and it is therefore expedient to repeal the same, and to make such provisions for the said purposes as are intended to be hereby made; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, 34 Geo. . 3. c, ancj b y the authority of the same, That the said act passed in the last 45> repea e.pe^on Of parliament, and every clause, matter, and thing, therein contained, shall be, and the same is, and are hereby repealed.

II. And be further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That his His Majesty Majesty may, by his commission under the great seal, authorise may authorise the lieutenant governor, or person.for the time being administer-govem^r ofntn£ t^le governmei)t of his Majesty's settlement in Norfolk Istand, Norfolk to convene, from time to time, as occasion may require, a court Istand, tocon- of judicature for the trial and punishment of all such outrages and vene a court rnifbehaviours, as if committed within this realm would be deemed for trial^of^ an<^ ta^en? according to the laws of this realm, to be treason, or offenders: misprision thereof, felony, or misdemeanor; which court shall

consist of the judge advocate, to be appointed in and for his Ma-who are to jesty's settlement in Norfolk Istand, together with four officers of his

be members Majesty's forces by sea or land, and shall proceed to try all persons

they5are to°W w °ffen<^ m any of the premises, by calling such offenders proceed. respectively before them, by causing the charge against him, her, or them respectively, to be read over, which charge shall also be reduced into writing, and shall be exhibited to the said court by the judge advocate, and by examining witnesses upon oath, to be administered by such court, as well for as against such offenders reflectively, and afterwards adjudging by the opinion of the major part of the persons composing such court, that the party accused is or is not {as the case shall appear to them) guilty of the charge, and by. pronouncing judgement therein (as upon a conviction by verdict) of death, if the offence be capital, or of such corporal punishment, not extending to capital punishment, as to the said court shall seem meet j and in cases not captital, by o pronouncing

1791>-ji Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 19. 83

pronouncing judgement of such corporal punishment not extending to life or limb, as to the said court shall fee, m meet.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Provost mar-the provost marshall or other officer to be for that purpose ap- shall to exe-pointed by such lieutenant governor, or person for the time being ^Vment administering the government of his Majesty's settlement in Nor- court! ° folk Island as aforesaid, shall cause due execution of such judgement to be had and made, under and according to the warrant of such lieutenant governor, or person for the time being administering the government of his Majesty's settlement in Norfolk lumbers con If and as aforesaid, under his hand and seal, and not otherwise: curjn adjudg-provided always, That execution shall not be had or done on"any ing capital capital convibf or convicts, unl'efs four persons present in such offenders, the court shall concur in adjudging him, her, or them, so accused and ^o°be tranF tried as aforesaid, to be respectively guilty, until the proceedings mittedtohis shall have been transmitted to his Majesty, and by him approved. Majesty.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Court to be a the said court shall be a court of record; and shall have all such court of re* powers as, by the laws of England, are incident and belonging to core*'

a court of record.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Thftacff not neither this act, nor any commission or commissions which shall to affect. any be granted by virtue thereof, nor any proceedings which may be und^Gthe^re-had under the same, shall in any manner reyoke, alter, prejudice, cited acts,

or affebt, any commission or commissions heretofore granted by uriless speci-virtue of the said abb of the twenty-seventh year of his presentfie, d'in com- Majesty's reign, or of the said act hereby repealed, or any Pr°-'^4nted under ceedings under the same respectively, further or otherwise than ft. in such commission or commissions, which shall be so granted* by virtue of this present abb, shall be provided, expressed, and declared.

CAP. XIX.

An act for rendering more effectual an act of the present session of parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain number of men, in the several counties in England, for the service of his Majesty's navy.

[March 27, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act ? made and passed in this Jeff on of parliament, intituled An act for raising a certain number of 3 5 Geo. #3* men, in the several counties in England, for the service of his reched« Majesty's navy; the yuflees of the peace of the several counties at large, ridings, or divisions, in England and Wales, are dir eft ed to afemble themselves together at a court of general sessions, to be holden for carrying the said act into execution: and whereas the justices of certain cities, towns, or boroughs, named in the said act, being respectively counties of themselves, and also the justices of the cinque perts9 and of the liberty of the tower, are dir eft ed to assemble themselves, together with the justices of certain counties at large, ridings, or divisions % and to form a pdrt of the said respective courts of general jefftons, to be holden as aforesaid: may it therefore please your Majesty that it

o 2 may

S4 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 19. [1795.

niay he enabled: and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirituaL and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled. Such j 11 dices and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful of the cities, for such of the justices of the peace of the several cities* towns, recited^df anc^orouS^s' named in the said act, being counties of themselves, being counties an<-l of cinque ports and liberty aforesaid, who shall have

of them'elyes, duly qualified themselves to act, and shall have acted before the as shall have passing of the said act, as such justices respectively within the proper limits of their respective jurisdictions, and no other, to assemble themselves at such court of general sections, for the purpose of carrying into execution the purposes of the said act, together with such of the justices of the county at large, riding, or division, who shall also be qualified, and shall have acted in

qualified, and acted before passing that act, may aftenable at the general sections with

justices of the like Planner, and that the justices lb duly qualified and acting as

county at large, to put recited act in execution.

4:

justices oft he divisions &f Lincolnshire., may put act

aforesaid, being so assembled at such court of general sections, or at any adjournment thereof, shall not have, or be deemed or adjudged to have, any authority, power, or jurisdiction, whatsoever, in or over any matter or thing whatever (other than in and for the execution of the powers expressly given them by the said act).

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justices within the several divisions of the county of Lincoln, shall have power to put the said act in execution in all things in execution - within their, jurisdiction, as fully and amply as the justices of any in their jurist county or riding are thereby empowered to execute the same, diffton..j{J# And whereas the churchwardens and overseers of the poor in

or appointed for any parish, tything, or place, who fall respectively he in office at the commencement of the said are dAeLled to raise the' number of men appointed to he raised for their respective difiridls, and

to levy the money agreed to he paid for bounties, or imposed as fines in certain cases: and whereas the powers of the said a Li may not he fully executed before the iijiial time in the year of their going out of office, and appointing others in their stead\ be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the justices of the peace, abling in and for the

fetty session, may order parish officers

office till they completely execute the act.

to continue in respective districts or divisions at their respective petty sections, (whenever they shall see occasion, by reason of any of the powers of the said act remaining unexecuted, in part or in the whole, at any time previous to, or on the appointment of other churchwardens or overseers for the same place or places), by any order under the hands and seals of any two or more of them, to order and direct the churchwardens and overseers, who shall have been in office at the commencement of the said act, to continue in their said respective offices, for the purposes of effectually and completely carrying into execution the powers and trusts given or vested by the said act; and such churchwardens or overseers shall by virtue of the said order, (notwithstanding other churchwardens or overseers shall have been or may be appointed for the same place or places respectively for general purposes) continue to have and exercise all the powers and jurisdictions incident or belonging to their respective offices, or given or vested in them by the said act,

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. T9. 85

or this act, so far as the same are necessary to carry into execution the powers of the said act, or this act, and shall continue to do and perform all the like duties and offices required to he done or performed by them respectively by the said act, or this act, as fully and effectually, and under the like pains, penalties, and for^ feitures, as they reflectively could, might, or ought to have, do, ' or perform the same, or any of them, at any time after the commencement of the said act, and before such appointment of other churchwardens or overseers for the same place or places for general purposes as aforesaid; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Justices may, churchwarden or overseer shall die or remove from the place for Q^ers which he was appointed, or become insolvent before the expiration p}ace Of such of his office or duty under the said act, or this act; on oath thereof as may die, made, it shall be lawful for such justices of the peace as aforesaid to remove, or be-appoint another churchwarden or overseer in his (lead, for the purpose of completely carrying the said act, and this act, into execution, who shall continue in office accordingly; and in case of removal, Such as re-such churchwarden or overseer shall give an account on oath to ^coun^on the said justices of all matters and things done by him in the exe- oat^ to the cution of the said act, and shall comply with such orders and justices, and directions as he shall receive from the said justices touching the the executors execution of the said act, under the like penalties as are instifted on churchwardens and overseers in office for any neglect of duty; become infol-and in caseof the death or insolvency of such churchwarden or over- vent to obey seer, his executors, administrators or assigns, shall, within forty their order, days after his decease or insolvency, in pursuance of any order, in writing, signed by any two such justices as aforesaid, attend such justices, and give an account to the best of their knowledge and belief of all things done by such person deceased or insolvent, touching the execution of the said act, and shall in like manner, and under the like penalties, comply with such orders as they shall respectively receive from the said justices in relation to the > said act, or this act.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Parish officers the churchwardens and overseers who are respectively required or authorised to empowered by the said act, or this act, to levy any money by a out of^oor^ rate, or to pay the amount of any bounty, or any part thereof, to rates &c# the men inrolled in his Majesty's service, or to the treasurer of the county, riding, or division, for the purposes of the said act,

shall and may pay the same out of any money in their or any of their hands of the rates for the relief of the poor; and if they, or any of them, shall not have sufficient of such money for that purpose, then such churchwardens and overseers shall, and they are hereby required to make a rate for the relief of the poor sufficient to satisfy all probable claims arising or to arise thereon, by virtue of the said act, or this act, in respect of the said bounties, or in respect of the poor as soon after the passing of this act as conveniently may be, and so as the money for such bounties may be ready to be paid or advanced at the time of enrolment; and it shall be lawful for the said churchwardens or overseers to levy and

86. Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 19. [1795.

collect the same in such manner as rates made for the relief of the poor may be levied and collected, (except as herein after is otherwise provided), and that such rates being published and allowed as rates for the relief of the poor are by law directed to be published and allowed, the said churchwardens and overseers shall and may proceed to collect the same notwithstanding any appeal from such rate may be pending; and no such rate, after any application thereof, or any part thereof, for the payment of such bounties, shall be totally quashed or set aside for any cause whatever, but the same shall and may. be amended in such manner as Limitation of shall be necessary for giving relief; and if any action or suit shall actions. be brought against any person or persons for any thing done in the levying or collecting the said rate in pursuance of this act, the same shall not be brought until fourteen days notice thereof in writing shall have been given to such person or persons, nor after a sufficient satisfaction, or a tender thereof hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, nor after six calendar months next after the fact committed, and every such action shall be brought in one of the courts of record at Westminster, or of the great felTions in Wales, as the case may require, and shall be laid in the county where the cause of action shall a rife, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit shall and may plead the General issue. general issue, and give the said act, and this act, and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of the said act, and this act, and if the same shall appear so to be done, or if such action or suit shall be brought after the time herein-before limited for the bringing the same, or without fourteen days notice thereof, or in any other county or place, or after a sufficient satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action or actions, or if a verdict shall pass against the plaintiff or Treble costs, plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have for coffs of suit in any other cases by law.

A Fines to be

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all fines levied on the which by the said act may be levied of any inhabitant or inhabi-offendersonly. tants Of any panffo or place by a rate, shall be levied against such inhabitant or inhabitants only who shall be adjudged to be guilty of any neglect or default, by a rate made on such inhabitant or inhabitants respectively, under the like powers and methods, as rates for the relief of the poor are authorised by law to be made i Method of provided always, That in case any person or persons shall find him, appealing. her, or themselves aggrieved by any rate or assessment made for the relief of the poor, whereof any part shall be necessarily applicable, or shall have been applied for the payment of any bounty or bounties in pursuance of the said act, or this act, every such person or persons shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to make his or their appeal to the justices of the district or divi-

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 19. 87

fion where such place or places are situate, at the next petty

+sessions of the peace holden for the same district or division, and not to the next general or quarter sessions of the peace for the county, riding, corporation, or franchise; and the justices of the peace assembled at such petty sessions are hereby authorised and required, on proof of reasonable notice to the churchwardens or overseers making such rate, to receive such appeal, and to hear and

finally determine the same: provided always, That this act shall Act not to ex-

not extend to any appeal to any rate, where the same is notappli- rates

cable or has not been applied in part or wholly to the purposes of nQt applicable

the said act, or this act. to the purpo-

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- fcs of this act. rity aforesaid, That if it shall appear to such justces at such petty Where rates sessions that such rate cannot be conveniently collected within due ^ed^due* time for payment of the said bounty or bounties, and sufficient tjme> petty monies shall not be in the hands of the said churchwardens or fessions1 may overseers to satisfy the same, it shall and may be lawful for such grant certifi-justices to make order therein, and grant a certificate thereof, t^9est°

and of the amount of the bounty or bounties, and sum or sums cdve°of the" wanting to defray the same, directed to the receiver general of ianci tax, &c. the land tax for the county, or to the collector thereof for the who shall act-district, or any of the collectors of customs or excise of the divi- ^nce^f mG' fion where such justices shall act, as to such justices shall seem ne* most expedient, upon producing of which certificate to the officer to whom the same shall be directed, he shall be obliged to advance the futn mentioned in such certificate to be wanting as aforesaid, to be paid to the person or persons enrolled, or to the treasurer of the county, or to either of -them, in such proportions as shall be directed by such certificate, out of any publick monies in his hands, and such officer so advancing the same, shall be reimbursed by an order of the justices at the petty sessions for the same district or division, with all charges necessarily incurred, out of the first monies which shall come into the hands of the respective churchwardens and overseers of the poor, of the rates for the relief of the poor, within and for the respective parishes or places for which the men, to whom or to whole use such monies were respectively advanced, were raised in pursuance of the said act.

VIII. And whereas there may he occassion for quartering the officers appointed by the of of the admiralty in pursuance of the said act^ and their assistants, before any men are enrolled\ and of opening

houses of rendezvous for the purpose of receiving such men; be it fur- Officers ap-ther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to quarter and billet pointed by the the officers appointed by the of of the admiralty to thd

36! in the execution of the said act, and their respective assistants, may^qUar^ in such manner, and under such and the like powers, rules, re- tered, and gulations, restrictions and provisions, as the men to be inrolled places of renin his Majesty's service by virtue of the said act may be quartered dezvo.us aP- and billetted: and that each and every the house or houses andp place or places where such officers shall be quartered or billetted, or such of them as shall be thought necessary, it shall be lawful (or the several and respective justices of the peace, having author

rity

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 20. [1795.

rity to a hi in the execution of the said abl, or any two or more of them, by their order in writing, under their hands and seals, to appoint and constitute a place or places of rendezvous for the reception of men inrolled by virtue of the said abl.

CAP. XX.

An Act for granting certain duties of customs on the importation of fruit, Jaliad oil, wafe silk, and timber, and on the exportation of British rockfait and coal.

[March 27, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

From April 5, 1795, the duties in schedule A. to be paid on importation, and in schedule B. on exportation of certain goods, and the drawbacks in A. allowed.

Duties to be under the management of the customs.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising by the most easy means the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several duties of customs herein after mentioned, and do mod; humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, there shall be racted, levied, collected, and paid, untohis Majesty, his heirs and successors, in ready money, without any discount whatever, upon the importation into the kingdom of Great Britain from parts beyond the seas, of the several and respective goods, wares, or merchandize, enumerated and de-r scribed in the schedule and table hereunto annexed, marked A. and also upon the exportation from the kingdom of Great Britain, of the several and respective goods, wares, or merchandize, enumerated and described in the schedule and table hereunto annexed, marked B. the several duties of customs as the same are respectively inserted and set forth in figures, in the said schedule and table's hereunto annexed respectively marked A.B. and so in that proportion for any greater or Jester quantity; all which duties shall be, over and above all other duties which are now due and payable by any law on any of the said goods, wares, or merchandize respectively, (other than the duties on waste silk, and on masts of twelve inches or upwards diameter, herein after repealed); and that there shall be paid and allowed the several drawbacks of the said duties of customs so imposed by this act, as the same are also respectively inserted, described, and set forth, in figures, in the said schedule and table marked A. and in the like proportion as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such of the duties of customs by this act imposed as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the management of the commissioners of the cultoms in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that part of Great

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 20. 89

Britain called Scotland, shall be under the management of the commissioners of the customs in Scotland for the time being.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Duties and said several sums of money so respectively inserted, described, and set be^Tvied^and for^h in the said schedule and tables marked A. and B. as the duties allowed agree-of customs, and the drawbacks of the duties of customs, upon, for, ablyto^ Geo. or in respect of the several goods, wares, or rtierchandize, inserted 3* c* I3> therein, shall and maybe respectively managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed, in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the means, ways or methods, by which the duties of customs and the drawbacks thereof imposed and allowed on the like goods, by an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, jin add for repealing the several duties ofcufoms and ex cfe, and granting other duties in lieu thereof; and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties xompofing the publick revenue; for permitting the i?n-portation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom \ and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and allowed; and the said goods, wares, or merchandize, so by this act respectively made liable to the payment of or chargeable with duties of customs, or so entitled to drawbacks of duties of customs as respectively inserted, described, and set forth, in the said schedule and tables hereunto annexed, marked A. and B. upon importation thereof into or exportation thereof from Great Britain, or on any other account whatever, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, restrictions, and forfeitures, to which the like goods, wares, or merchandize, were subject and liable, by any act or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this act; and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture, for any offence whatever committed against, or in breach of any act or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this act, made for securing the revenue of customs, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the several clauses, powers, and directions therein contained, shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in execution, for and in respect of the several duties of customs, and drawbacks of duties of customs, hereby respectively charged and allowed, (as far as the lame are applicable thereto), in as full and atfiple a manner, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if all and every the said acts, clauses, provisions, powers, directions, fines, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act.

IV. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall Coals allowed extend, or be construed to extend, to charge, with the additional duty by this act imposed on coals exported, the several quantities of ca^ie and £ oals flowed to be exported annually from the ports of Newcastleand Swansea, tp Y ' Spjanfeq

Dy

go Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 20. [1795.

Jersey, &c.by Swansea respectively, to the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, and All

40. derne\\ by an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his pre-not liable to r <1 n t v n L, \ Jr,

additional ient Majesty, (amongst other things), for allowing the exportation

duty. of certain quantities of coals, free from the payment of the duty

granted by an act, made in the then last session of parliament, to the islands of Jzrfey-> Guernsey> and Alderney, so as the same be exported under the conditions, regulations, restrictions, and limitations, in the said act of the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign contained.

Duties impof- V, And be it further enacted, That the several duties of cuf-ed by^a^ Geo. toms imposed by the said recited act passed in the twenty-seventh importation year of the reign of his present Majesty, upon the importation, of mails of a into the kingdom of Great Britain from parts beyond the seas, of certain diame- masts twelve inches or upwards in diameter, and also the advalo-^valorem6 rem ^ut*es payable on waste silk, not therein enumerated or deduties on scribed, and the drawbacks allowed thereon, shall cease and deter-waftesilk, not mine, and be no longer paid or payable, lave and except, in all enumerated, cases relating to the recovering, allowing, or paying any arrears ahowed^to^k t^ereo* respectively, which may, on and immediately before the cease. passing of this act, remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or

forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before the passing of this act.

Dutiestobe

VI. And be itfurtner enacted by the authority aforesaid, That co^fohdated C the monies from time to time arising by the several duties by fund. this act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary charges of raising

and accounting for the same respectively excepted), shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster \ and the said money so paid into the exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund. Duties to be

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the mo-applied in de- njes to arise from the said duties, or so much thereof, as shall be increased^ sufficient, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for charge occa- the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by any fioned by any loan to be made, or stock to be created, by virtue of any act or iession^ and a(^s ton ^'ls Pe^ori parliament; and that the said mo-

for °o years to nies5 during the space of ten years next ensuing, shall continue to be kept fepa- be paid into the said receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, dillinftly rate from and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and pthtr monies. there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said duties paid into the said receipt by virtue of this act shall, together with the monies arising from any other duties granted in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever*.

SCHEDULE

9*

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 20. SCHEDULE

To which this a & refers*

TABLE A.

Goods imported into this kingdom.

Duty.

Drawback.

Raisins of the fun, the hundred weight Smyrna raisins, the hundred weight Lexia raisins, the hundred weight Faro raisins, the hundred weight Lipraox Belvidere raisins, the hundred

weight — — — J

Denia raisins, and all other raisins not otherwise enumerated, the hundred S weight — — 3

Lemons, the thousand —

Oranges, the thousand —

Sallad oil, the gallon f —

Silk knubs, or husks of silk, the pound

containing sixteen ounces j

Wade silk, not otherwise enumerated T or described, the pound contain- > ing sixteen ounces — 3

Waste silk, not otherwise enumerated "J or described, imported by the East India company, the pound contain- C ing sixteen ounces — J

Mahogany, the foot square superficial

measure — — j

Balks, imported from any part of Eu--\ rope, five inches square and under I eight inches square, or if twenty- > four feet in length or upwards, the I one hundred and twenty — J Balks, imported from any part of Eu-1 rope, under five inches square, and ( under twenty-four feet in length, f the one hundred and twenty J

Battens, imported from any part of Europe, eight feet in length and not exceeding twenty feet in length, not above seven inches in width, and not exceeding two inches three I quarters in thickness^ the one hun- I dred and twenty — j

£- s^4 7 4 4

2 3 2 3 o 11

Q I 6

Q O 14

i 6 6

o 10 8

0 13 3

ck

4

7

4

4

2 3 2 3 o 11

014

o o i!-

166

o 10 8

0 13 3

Goods

Goods imported into this kingdom.

Battens, imported from any part of") Europe, exceeding twenty feet in length, not above seven inches in I width, or if exceeding two inches /* three quarters in thickness, the one hundred and twenty — J Batten ends, imported from any part") of Europe, under eight feet in length, not above seven inches in width, and not exceeding two inches three j quarters in thickness, the one hun- ! dred and twenty — J

Batten ends, imported from any part' of Europe, under eight feet in length, not above seven inches in width, and exceeding two inches three quarters in thickness, the one hundred and twenty —

Beech quarters, imported from any" part of Europe, five inches square'and under eight inches square, or if twenty-four feet in length or )* upwards, the one hundred and twenty -

Beech quarters, imported from any part "j of Europe, under five inches square ( and under twenty-four feet in length, C the one hundred and twenty J

Deals, imported from any part of Eu-q rope, above seven inches in width, 1 exceeding twenty feet in length, y and not exceeding four inches in 1 thickness, the one hundred and

twenty — J

Deals, imported from any part of Europe, above seven inches in width, exceeding twenty feet in length, and exceeding four inches in thickness, the one hundred and twenty Deals, imported from any part of Eu rope, above seven inches in width, " being eight feet in length and not above twenty feet inilength, and not exceeding three inches one quarter y in thickness, (except; deals not above ten feet in length and not exceeding one iqch and a half; in thickness), the one hundred and twenty

Duty.

£> s

6 6

Drawback.

4 5

o 8 xo

6 6

o 10 8

2196

d.

6 6

045

o 8 10

6 6

o 10 8

2 19

S 19 0

6 6

5 19 0

6 6

Goods

Goods imported into this kingdom.

Deals5 imported from any part of Eu--) ropey above seven inches in width, being eight feet in length and not J above twenty feet in length, and y exceeding three inches one quarter in thickness, the one hundred and twenty -

Deal ends, imported from any part of^ Europe, above seven inches in width, j being under eight feet in length, and I not exceeding three inches one r quarter in thickness, the one hundred and twenty —

Deal ends, imported from any part of Europe, above seven inches in width, being under eight feet in length, v> and exceeding three inches one quarter in thickness, the one hundred and twenty. —

Fir quarters, imported from any part") of Europe, five inches square and I under eight inches square, or if)* twenty-four feet in length or up- wards, the one hundred and twenty J Fir quarters, imported from any part of Europe, under five inches square, and under twenty-four feet in length the one hundred and twenty*

Fir timber, and timber of all forts, being eight inches square or upwards, imported from any part of Europe, (except oak timber, and timber of Ireland and fir timber, not exceed- )> ing ten inches square, of the growth 1 of Norway, and imported directly from thence), the load containing fifty cubic feet —

Masts twelve inches in diameter or upwards, imported in a British-built ship, the load containing fifty cubic feet —

*--imported in a foreign ship, the

load containing fifty cubic feet j

Users, imported from any part of Eu rope, five inches square and under eight inches square, or if twenty- )* four feet in length or upwards, the j one hundred and twenty J

ryj

lrtl e' > M

Duty.

£ '

2 13 o

o 8 10

o 17 8

1 6 6

010 8

0 3 4

0 10 o

o 10 6

1 <3 6

Drawback.

L- s'

2 13 o

o 8 10

o 17

6 6

io 8

0 3 4

098

098'

x 6 6

Goods

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 21, 22. [1795.

Goods imported into this kingdom. Duty. Drawback.

£. sd. £. s, d.

Users, imported from any part of Eu-)

rope under five inches square, and ( under twenty-four feet in length, ( the one hundred and twenty J O O CO OO O »* O

TABLE B.

Goods exported from this kingdom.

Duty.

British rock salt, the bushel containing sixty-five

pounds — — — J

Coals usually sold by measure, exported to any place-(except to Ireland, the Isle of Man, any British colony or plantation in America, or to the united Hates of America), the chalder, Newcastle measure -

Coals usually sold by weight, exported to any place-) (except to Ireland, the Ife of Man, any British I colony or plantation in America, or to the united> Hates of America), the ton containing twenty \ hundred weight -

£ s. d.

001

047

o 1 10

CAP. XXI.

An act for raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five* [March 37, 1795

Commissioners of the treasury may raise 2, oooo, ooool. by loans and exchequer bills before January 5, 1796, in like manner as is prescribed by the malt act of this session concerning loans, &c. The clauses, &c. in the said act relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this act. Exchequer bills so issued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 1796. Action not to lie for such refufil. Principal and interest with charges to be repaid out of the next suppliesj and if sufficient supplies be not granted before July 5, 1796, to be charged on the consolidated fund. Monies so issued to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this act; an act 5 and 6 Gul. Sc Mariae notwithstanding.

CAP. XXII.

An act for raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five. [March 27, 1795.]

Commissioners of the treasury may raise 1, 500, 000b by loans and exchequer bills before Jan. 5, 1796, in manner as by the malt act of this session is prescribed, &c. The clauses in the said act relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this act. Exchequer bills so issued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 1796. Action not to lie for such refusal. Money io raised to

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 23 — 27. 95

be repaid out of the next parliamentary aid; and if sufficient supplies be not granted before July 5, 1796, to be charged on the consolidated fund.

Monies so issued to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this act; an act 5 and 6 Gul. & Marise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of two hundred thousand pounds, to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt.

[March 27, 1795.]

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Rates to be applied in discharge of the money borrowed. Appeal. Limitation of actions.

CAP. XXIV.

An act further to continue an act made in the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for establishing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases.

[April 28, 1795.^Continued to Jan. 1, 1796.

CAP. XXV.

An act for further continuing an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for establishing courts of judicature in the island of Newfoundland, and the islands adjacent.

[April 28, 1795.] — Continued to June jo, 1796.

CAP. XXVI.

An act to continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united states of America, so far as the same relate to the trade and commerce earned on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the said united states.

[April 28, 1795.] — Continued to April 5, 1796.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an act^ made in the last session of parliament^ intituled An act for amending so much of an aft5 passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, i An act for ordering the forces in the several counties of this kingdom/ as relates to the militia of the city of London; and for the better ordering the same.

[April 28, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act ivas passed in the loft session of parliament,

intituled An act for amending so much of an act, pasted in 34 Geo. 3. the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late ma- c* recite

jestyKing Charles the Second, intituled, c An act for ordering the forces in the several counties of this kingdom/ as relates to the militia of the city of London, and for the better ordering the same; and whereas several of the provisions and regulations in the said act have been found defective \ and it is expedient that the said several provisions and regulations should be repealed., and further powers granted for carrying the purposes of the said act into execution: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lord's spiritual and temporal,

96

Certain clauses of recited adit repealed.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 27. [1795.

poral, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the clause in the said recited act which directs, c that the private men to be raised by virtue thereof Should' be chosen by bailot; and also, the seven next following clauses, containing provisions and regulations relating thereto; and also, the clause which enacts, c that if the alderman, or deputy, and common council, of any ward, Should provide any volunteer or volunteers who Should be inrolled, and Should'give to such volunteer or volunteers not exceeding eight pounds each man, to serve for such ward, such alderman or deputy, and the major part of the common council, might make a rate upon the persons liable to serve or find substitutes for the said ward, to reimburse themselves such sums of money as they Should have paid to such volunteers; and also, the clause which enacts, 'that the commissioned and non-commissioned officers of the said militia Should receive the same pay as those of the other militia forces of this kingdom, and that the private men might be put under Stoppages; and also, the clause which enacts, that the non-commissioned officers, drummers, fifers, and private men of the said militia, Should have an allowance in lieu of quartersand also the clause which enacts, c that every militia man, substitute, or volunteer, inrolled, and every serjeant, corporal, drummer, and fifer, raised by virtue of the said act, Should be Subject to every clause, provision, matter, and thing, contained in an act of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britian called England, as far as relates to the penalties and punishments of militia men, serjeants, corporals, and drummers, for the offences therein enumerated, and extends to the said militia men, substitutes, and volunteers, the bounty and privileges therein set forth; and also, the clause which enacts, 'that the said militia, having been in actual service and disembodied. Should be subject to the same orders, directions, and engagements only, as they were before such actual service; and also, the clause which provides for defraying the necessary charges of pay, clothing, trophies, and other incidental expences of the said militia; and also, the clause which extends the provisions of the several acts, made in the thirty-third and thirty-fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, to the families of the non commissioned officers and private men of the said militia; and also, the clause which enacts, 'that when the said militia Should not be embodied, his Majesty's of of lieutenancy for the city of London, when requisite and necessary, might order the serjeants and corporals of the said two regiments to have possession of their clothes, arms, and accoutrements, and with officers to be kept in constant readinels to be put under the orders of the mayor or other magistrates of the said city, for the suppression of riots, or any other requisite dutyand also, the clause which directs the modes of recovery, and the application of fines, penalties, and forfeitures by the said act imposed, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed*

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 27. 97

II. And be it further enacted, That the private men of the Men to be two regiments of militia, to be raised by virtue of the said abl, passed in the last session of parliament, and of this act, and which tions follow* shall bedistinguished by the names of the East and West Regiments, ing. shall be provided by the several wards of the city, and theli-berties and precinbls within the same, in the proportions following; that is to say,

For the East Regiment, by the wards of

Aldgate, sixty men;

Bajjijhaw, twelve men;

Billingsgate, forty-one men;

Bishopsgate Within, forty-four men;

Bishopsgate Without, fifty men;

Bridge, twenty-six men;

Broad Street, fifty men;

Candlewick, twenty men;

Coleman Street, thirty-six men;

Cornhill, thirty-six men;

Dowgate, twenty-seven men;

Langbourn, sixty-seven men;

ZfVw* Street, twenty men;

Portsoken, forty-five men; and

"Tower, sixty-six men.

And for the / % /? Regiment, by the wards of

Aldersgate Within, and Saint Martins le Grj^, ei'ghteen men;

Aldersgate Without, twenty-one men;

Bread Street^ twenty-four men;

Castle Baynard) forty-four men;

Cheap, forty-four men;

Cordwainer, twenty-two men;

Cripplegate Within^forty-four men;

Cripplegate Without, thirty-six men;

Farringdon Within, eighty-four men;

Farringdon Without, one hundred and ninety-two men;

Spueenhith, twenty-one men;

Vintry, twenty-three men; and

Walbrook, twenty-seven men.

III. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty's commis- CommiiHcm-sioners of lieutenancy that now are or hereafter shall be confli- ^issue tuted and appointed for the city of London, at their annual court p?ecJpts to^ in "January, shall, and are hereby required to issue precepts to the aldermen, the said aldermen, deputies, and common council men of the &c. to cause said wards of the said city and liberties thereof, requiring them to cause the number of men, herein-before appointed to be raised.men to in their respective wards, to be provided; and the aldermen', or raised, to deputy, and common council men, of the several wards afore- whom they said, or the major part of them, shall provide the number of men &lve 10*

directed to be raised in their respective wards, who shall be fit 7*

Vol. XL. H and

9§ Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 27. [1795.

and able men, and be approved by the adjutant or other officer appointed by the said of for that purpose, and who shall have not more than one child born in wedlock, and who shall reside in the said city or within three miles thereof; and the alderman, or deputy, and common council men of the several wards aforesaid, or the major part of them, shall, and are hereby authorised and empowered, to give unto such men so to be provided, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding ten pounds to Commission- each man, to serve in the militia for each ward; and the said

ers to appoint of shall appoint a court or courts to be holden, not ceive returns" t^lau twenty days, or more than forty days, after issuing such of men pro- precepts, to receive a return of such persons as shall befo provid-viiicd. ed; and the alderman, or deputy, and common council men of

Aldermen, the several wards aforesaid, or the major part of them, shall direct

&c. to direct the constables, beadles, or other ward officers, to give notice in toC h^notice8 wr*ng every person so provided to appear at the said court, to th^persons which notice shall be given at his or their usual place of abode, provided to at leaf! six days before such court; and such constable, beadle, appear at the or other officer, shall attend the said court, and make return on court, &c. 03^ Gf the days when such notices were served; and every person so provided shall upon such notice appear at such court, and if approved as aforesaid there take an oath in the words or to the effect following; that is to say,

Oath to be t <ken by persons approved,

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That will he faithful\ c A and hear true allegiance to his majesty King George; and I do

fuuear that I am a protestant, and that I will faithfully serve in the militia of London, within the kingdom of Great Britian, for the

defence of the same, during the term of five year for which I am 1 enrolled, unless Ishallhe sooner dischargedd

And every such person shall be enrolled (in a roll to be then and there prepared for that purpose) to serve in the militia of the city of London as a private man for the space of five years; and it shall be lawful for anyone of the said of to administer the said oath.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the men providers may issue ed by or for the several wards in the said city and liberties shall

t h e^Me rmen not appear> or not aPProved by the adjutant, or other Up' officer appointed by the said of to examine them, or deficiences. if through neglect, mistake, or any other cause, the full number of men appointed to be raised in any of the said wards shall not be duly enrolled at the court or courts appointed for that purpose, or if any militia man shall, before the expiration of the term for which he was to serve, die, or be appointed a serjeant, corporal, or drummer, in the said militia, or be discharged in pursuance of the sentence of a court martial, or be otherwise regularly discharged, then and in either of the said cases the said of may, and are hereby required, immediately to issue precepts to the said'aldermen, deputies, and common council men, of the said wards wherein such deficiency or vacancy shall happen,

re-

who shall be enrolled to serve five years.

Commission.

99

1795'T A*1110 regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 27.

requiring them, or the major part of them, within ten days next following, to make good such deficiency or vacancy, or to provide other men, and so as often as may be necessary and expedient for carrying the purposes of the said act passed in the last War<jg not session of parliament, and of this act, into execution; and that if raising their the alderman, or deputy, and common council men, of any of quota, or not the wards aforesaid, or the major part of them, shall omit or re- filling up va-fuse to provide the quota or number of men herein appointed to be raised by or for their said respective wards, or, having provided the said quota or number of men, any of them shall not be approved, or shall refuse or neglect to appear and take the oath, and be enrolled as herein-before mentioned, or shall die, or be promoted or discharged, and others shall not be provided in their stead as aforesaid, the said ward shall in lieu thereof be charged with, and become liable to pay the sum of ten pounds for every man not so provided, sworn in, and enrolled, which sum or sums of money shall be applied by the said of in providing men for the wards which shall have paid such sum or sums of money, who shall be sworn in and enrolled to serve for the same time, and on the same conditions, as if they had been provided by the alderman, or deputy, and common council men of such wards respectively as herein-before is directed; and if any surplus of such monies shall remain, the same shall be paid to the colonel, or "f^the regf-such officer as he shall appoint, of the regiment for which such mental stock person shall serve, and be applied as part of the regimental stock purse. purse.

V. And be it further enacted, That the alderman, or deputy, Aldermen, and common council men, of the several wards of the said city ^te to'defray and liberties, or the major part of them, shall, and they are hereby the expences* authorised and empowered to make an equal rate upon all and of raising men, every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, guilds, mysteries, fraternites, and brotherhoods, whether corporate, or not corporate, and the owners or occupiers of publick offices and buildings, who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, polless, or enjoy, any land, house, shop, warehouse, vault, cellar, or other tenement or hereditament, within their said several and respective wards, and the liberties and precindfs within the same, (regard being had, in making the said rate, to the abilities of, and likewise to the rent paid by, the said several person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, guilds, mysteries, fraternities, and brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, and the owners and occupiers of publick offices and buildings), to defray the expences of raising their quota or number of men to serve in the said militia herein-before directed to be provided by or for the several and respective wards aforesaid, and all other incidental charges relating thereto.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or per- Persons ag-fons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any rate or grimed may assessment to be made as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for court of^them respectively to appeal to the court of mayor and aldermen mayor, Scc* of the said city, whose decision shall be final and conclusive; pro-

h 2 vided

Rates may be levied by distress.

No distress to be made out of the limits of the city, unless the warrant be backed by a magistrate of the place.

vided always, that notice of such appeal shall be left in writing at the office of the town clerk of the said city, within ten days after the sum so rated and assessed shall be demanded, and such appeal shall be made to the next court of mayor and aldermen of the said city after such notice shall be so left as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons, bodies politick and corporate, guilds, mysteries, fraternities, and brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, or the owners or occupiers of publick offices and buildings, who shall be rated and assessed by virtue or in pursuance of the said act passed in the last session of parliament, or of this act, shall refuse or neglect, by the space of fourteen days next after his, her, or their respective rate or rates, assessment or assessments, shall be due and demanded by the collector or collectors authorised and appointed to collect and receive the same, (such demand being left in writing at the land, house, (hop, warehouse, vault, cellar, or other tenement, hereditament, premises, or other property, possessed, rated, or occupied by him, her, or them), to pay such rate or rates, assessment or assessments, so demanded as aforesaid, and no notice of appeal shall be left as aforesaid, or such notice being so left, if such appeal shall not be made to the next court of mayor and aldermen of the said city after such notice shall be so left as aforesaid, then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such collector or collectors, every or any of them, having a warrant or warrants under the hand and seal of the mayor or any other magistrate of the said city, (which warrant or warrants the said collector and collectors is and are hereby required to apply for, and the mayor, or any other magistrate of the said city, are hereby authorised and required to grant), and, with the assistance of a constable, or any peace officer of the ward, county, city, or liberty, where the person or persons, party or parties, so refusing or neglecting shall reside, there to seize and distrain any of the goods and chattels of the person or persons so neglecting or refusing to pay, and if the same shall not be repleyed, or such rate or assessment paid, within five days next after such distress made, together with the costs and charges thereof, then to appraise and fell so much and such part of the said goods and chattels as shall be sufficient to pay the said rate or assessment, with the costs and charges attending such distress and sale, returning the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners of such goods and chattles, the said costs and charges to be settled and allowed by the said mayor, or other magistrate of the said city, who shall have granted such warrant or warrants respectively: provided also, That no such distress shall, by virtue of the said abt, passed in the last session of parliament, or of this act, be made out of the limits of the said city, and liberties thereof, unless such warrant or warrants respectively shall be first backed or countersigned by some magistrate of the county, city, or liberty, where such distress is proposed to be made, which warrant or warrants any magistrate who shall be applied to for that purpose shall forthwith back or countersign without fee or reward.

o VIII. And

I

I

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 27. 101

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such collector or Penalty on: olIedtors shall refuse or neglect to apply for such warrant or making warrants as aforesaid, or to make such distress and sale, pursuant tress, justices: o the directions of this -act, except in cases where such distress not backing shall be dispensed with by the alderman, or his deputy, and the warrants, and jrommon council men, of each respective ward, or the major part ^egle^ng to 1)f them, by writing under their hands, in respect of the poverty -m making of the party or parties assessect, such collector or collectors shall, distress. for every such refusal or neglect, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds; and if any justice of the peace, upon such application to lim made to back or countersign such v/arrant or warrants as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect so to do, such justice shall, for wery such refusal or neglect, forfeit and pay the sum of five founds; and if any constable be called upon by any collector or; o!lectors, having such warrant or warrants, shall refuse or neg-!e6t to aid and assist him or them in making such distress and sale, le shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty hillings.

IX. Provided always^ and be further enacted, That if any in- Householdenj

habitant householder of any ward shall offer himself, and volun- o^m^ght rarity serve in his own right as a private in the said militia, (being empted fron> approved of, sworn in, and enrolled as aforesaid), for the term of the rate, five years, he shall be exempt from paying the said rate for any house or premises he shall then or in future inhabit within the aid city and liberties; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

j X. And be it further enacted, That the alderman, or his Aldem^n^ (deputy, and the common council men, for the time being, in a(^hbrS \nd each ward within the said city or liberties, or the major part of to appoint them, shall be the assessors in their respective wards to charge all collectors, and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate,

1 guilds, mysteries, fraternities, and brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, and the owners or occupiers of public!? offices and buildings, liable to be rated in their respective wards as herein-before directed, and shall likewise be the assessors of the trophy tax herein after directed to be continued to be raised and I paid, and shall appoint proper persons to collect the said rates and

tax, and pay or allow unto such collectors any sum or sums of.money, not exceeding three-pence in the pound, upon the money so collected.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if the alderman, or de- If aldermen, puty, and the common council men of any ward, or the major to

J r \ n 1. r r to t, PVOVjde men,

part ol them, shall refuse or neglect to provide the men to be or pay for: raised by such ward as herein-before directed, according to the pre- them, levy cepts issued to them for that purpose, or shall neglect or refuse to rates> Sec. the pay the sum of ten pounds for every man not so provided as afore- n?a-Tevv°and S; laid: and if the said alderman, or deputy, and common council apply them.

men, of any ward, or the major part of them, shall neglect or refuse; to levy and raise the said rate, or to assess the proporion of the trophy tax of such ward, the said of shall and are hereby further authorised to affess, levy^ and raise, the said rate^ and also

n I,

Pay of the militia.

Men may be put under stoppages.

Non-commissioned officers, &c. to have an allowance in lieu of quarters.

Commissioners to take security from treasurers and clerks.

Militia men, Sec. subject to 2.6 Geo. 3. as far as relates to penalties for not attending annual exercise, See. and entitled to the bounty granted thereby when on service beyond the limits of the

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 27, [1795.

the proportion of the trophy tax of such ward, the alderman, or deputy, and common council men of which shall make such default, in like manner as the said alderman, or deputy, and common council men, are hereby empowered to raise and levy the same; and the said of shall apply the said rates, when received and recovered, in providing the quota of men, or so many of them as shall be wanting for the ward so neglecting or refusing.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the commissioned and non-commissioned officers of the said militia shall receive the same pay as those of the other militia forces of this kingdom, and when assembled for the purpose of being trained and exercised, the private men shall receive one {billing per day each man, during which time it shall be lawful for the captain or commanding officer of every company to put the militia men of his company under stoppages, not exceeding sixpence per day, for the purpose of providing them with linen, and also with {lockings and other necessaries, and for defraying the expence of repairing any arms which shall have been broken or damaged by any such militia man's neglect: provided always, That every such captain or commanding officer shall account with each militia man for such floppage, and after having deduced what shall have been laid out and paid for the purposes aforesaid, shall pay the sum remaining (if there shall be any) into the hands of the militia man to whom the same belongs, before such militia man shall be dismissed from such training and exercise.

XIII. Andy in order to prevent the privileges of the said city from being infringed by the billetting or quartering of soldiers within the said city, be it further enacted, That the non-commissioned officers, drummers, fifers, and private men, serving in the said militia* shall, when embodied for annual exercise or otherwise, be in actual service within the city of London, be allowed, in lieu of quarters, at the rate of one shilling and nine-pence per week each man, to provide lodging, in addition to their pay.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said of shall, and they are hereby required to take such security from the treasurer or treasurers, clerk or clerks, to be appointed by virtue of the said act, for the due execution of their respective offices, as shall be satisfadiory to the said of.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every militia man, being sworn in and inrolled, and every serjeant, corporal, drummer, and fifer, raised by virtue of this act, shall be subject to every clause, provision, matter, and thing, contained in the said act of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, as far as relates to the penalties and punishments of militia men, serjeants, corporals, and drummers, for not attending the annual exercise, for deferring during it, for not appearing when ordered to be embodied, for inlisting into the army or offering so to inlist, or inlisting into any other militia, or for felling or pawning

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 27. 103

their arms, accoutrements, or cloaths, or neglecting or refusing city; and be-to return them in good order, and shall be proceeded against in "fetu^in manner directed by the said act; and the said militia men shall be ^piacef* entitled to the same bounty, when ordered out into actual service beyond the limits of the said city, or liberties thereof, as is granted by the said act; and every person having served in the said militia, when drawn out into actual service, being a married man, may set up and exercise any trade in any town or place in Great Britain, as directed by the said act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That when the said militia, Militia when or part thereof, having been so drawn out into actual service as disem bodied* aforesaid, shall be again duly disembodied, and the officers and orders^ to private men thereof dismissed to return to their several places of t^ey werebe-abode, the officers, non-commissioned officers, drummers, and fore drawn private men, shall be subject to the same orders, directions, and out* engagements only as they are made subject to under the provisions of the said act passed in the laffc session of parliament, and of this act, before they were so drawn out into actual service as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, for defraying the ne- How the pay, cessary charges of pay, cloathing, trophies, and other incidental ?f the expences of the said militia, it shall be lawful for the said com- ^l^tobe missioners to continue to raise and levy in every year, in manner'herein-before directed, the proportion of one month's tax, amounting to four thousand six hundred and sixty-six pounds thirteen shillings and four-pence, which the said city hath been used to pay by virtue of the said act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act for ordering the forces in the several counties of the kingdom, and shall be accountable for the same; and in addition thereto, the receiver general of the land tax for the said city, shall, and he is hereby required to issue and pay annually, to the treasurer appointed by the said of, so much money as shall be necessary, in aid of the trophy tax, towards the said expence of training, exercising, paying, and keeping in readiness, and other incidental expences of the said militia; and the receipt of the said treasurer so appointed shall be a sufficient discharge to the said receiver general for the money so to be issued and paid by him.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That when the said militia The commis-shall not be embodied, according to the provisions of the said act lioners when passed in the last session of parliament, and of this act, it shall and the m'htia 13 may be lawful for the said of, when and so often as orde/thQ it shall seem to them requisite and necessary, to order the serjeants, non-commis-corporals, and privates, of the said two regiments, or so many honed as to them may seem fit, to be put in possession of their cloaths, o^e^t^be arms, and accoutrements, and with their proper officers, or such pUt unjer t^e officers as they shall appoint, to be kept in conftapt readiness to orders of the be put under the orders of the mayor or other magistrates of the magistrates of said city, who shall have power and authority to call out the the cltT>

yhple of the said serjeants, corporals, and privates, or any part of

'ft 4 them*

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 27. [1795.

them, for the suppression of riots, or any other requisite duty for which they may be wanted, the said officers and men, when so called out, to be subject to the same penalties as are hereinbefore directed when the said militia shall be actually embodied; and the said of may order the said serjeants, corporals, 'and privates, to be inspedfed and exercised so often as they shall think proper and necessary.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every clause, provision, matter, and thing, contained in an a£! of parliament, passed in the thirty- third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to provide for the families of persons chosen by lot to serve in the militia of this kingdom, and of substitutes serving the rein; and to explain and amend an act of parliament, passed in the twenty sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, c An act for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laivs relating to the militia of that part of Great Britain called England and also in an act passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to amend an act passed in the last session of parliament, -intituled, c An act to provide for the families of persons chosen by lot to c serve in the militia of this kingdom, and ofsubstitutes serving the rein', c and to explain and amend an act of parliament, passed in the twenty sixth year of his present Majesty, intituled, u An act for amending, cc and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the cc militia of that part of Great Britain called England; " and also c 16 to ex an rnac^en t'qe fe^on parliament, intituled An act for tendtotheVa- augmenting the militia, shall be deemed to extend to the families miliesof city of the said serjeants, corporals, drummers, filers, and private men, militia. of the said militia.

XX. And, in order that the families of persons serving in the said militia may have the relief directed in and by the said aftts of parliament, passed in the thirty-third and thirty fourth years of the reign of The alder- j0: s present Majesty; be it further enacted, That the alderman, or divide "the*0 deputy, and common council men, of each of the said wards, or quota of men the major part of them, shall divide the quota of men to be raised amongst the in each ward amongst the parishes within such ward, and specify parishes^and for which parish each man serves, in order that the churchwardens wldclTeach or overf"eers of the poor of such parish may be resorted to for deserves, that fraying the expences of providing'for the families of such persons the parish of- serving in the militia as may become entitled to relief, in manner ficers may be as by the said acts are directed; and every person serving in the # defraying0the militia shall be considered, with respect to such relief, as a expences of substitute serving in the militia of any of the counties of this their families, kingdom; and in case the alderman, or deputy, and common council men, of either of the said wards, or the major part of them, shall omit or neglect to divide the quota of men among the parishes in such respective wards, the said of shall, and are hereby authorised and empowered, to make such division for such ward or wards, and to order the parish for which such persons shall be allotted to serve to be entered upon the roll hereinbefore directed to be provided, as well as the name of every person. to be inrolled as herein-before is mentioned,

104

33 Geo. 3. c. 8.

34 Geo. 3. c. 47. and

34 Geo. 3.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 27. 105

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Treasurer to treasurer for the time being to be appointed by the said of shall defray the monies directed to be paid by the order pes Gf militia* of any justice of the peace, for the relief of the families of the said men, &c. militia men, instead of the chamberlain of the said city; and that the said treasurer shall have the same remedy over againsi: the churchwardens or overseers of the poor for the parish for which the militia man whose family is relieved shall be allotted, for repayment of the money, as the chamberlain of the said city would have under or by virtue of the said acts of parliament, or either of them; anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the adjutants ap-Adjutants to pointed, or to be appointed, to the said militia, who shall by age the same or infirmity be rendered unfit for further services, shall be entitled thoib of the to the same provision as is allowed to other adjutants of militia other militias by an act passed in the thirty-third year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for defraying the charge of pay and cloathing of the

militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning with the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; and for making provision for adjutants who have served a certain time in the militia; and that any person being a and serjeants, serjeant on the establishment of Chelsea, at an allowance of twelve- '^benefit pence a day, and being appointed to serve in the said militia, chelfe^ shall and may receive the said allowance of twelve-pence a day, Hospital. together with his pay from the said militia, in like manner as in other militia forces; and any person who shall have served as a serjeant, corporal, or drummer, in the said militia, who shall be discharged for age or infirmity, shall, on a recommendation from the commanding officer of the regiment to which he belongs, and the said of, be equally entitled to the benefit of Chelsea Hospital with the serjeants, corporals, and drummers, of the other militia forces of this kingdom.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the provisions of an act passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late majesty

King George the Second, intituled An act for the rendering' justices q444 ex-

of the peace more safe in the execution of their office; and for indemni- tend to the fying constables and others acting in obedience to their warrants, shall mayor, alder-extend to the said mayor and aldermen, and also to his Majesty's men> said of, and the assessors acting in the execution of this act, or any other which relates to the said militia, in like manner, and as fully and effectually, as the same extend to justices of the peace acting in the execution of their office.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Commission-lawful to and for the said of, immediately after the ?rs» ^ter 5^ passing of this act, to hold such general courts, and to issue such may hold ge-precepts, for the purpose of carrying this act into execution, in neral courts, like manner as is herein-before directed to be done at the annual &c. general courts.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act not to

ad, or any thing herein contained, shall not diminish or be pre- prejudice the

' 61 judical g* — '

Recovery and application of penalties.

Piftrefs not unlawful for want of form, &c.

judicial to the rights, privileges, immunities, and exemptions, to which the mayor and commonalty, and citizens of the city of London, or the freemen, citizens, or inhabitants of the said city, or of the suburbs and liberties of the same, or of all privileged places within the limits and precincts thereof, as well within the liberties as without, are entitled to enjoy by prescription, act of parliament, charter, or usage; but the said mayor and commonalty, and citziens, and the freemen, citizens, and inhabitants of the said city, shall and may continue to enjoy all and singular the said rights, liberties, usages, customs, privileges, immunities, and exmptions, in as full, ample, and beneficial a manner as if this act had not been made.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures by the said act passed in the last session of parliament, and by this a d imposed, which shall exceed the sum of twenty pounds, shall be recoverable by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no privilege, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and that all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by the said act and this act imposed, which shall not exceed the sum of twenty pounds, shall on proof upon oath of the offence before the mayor or any other magistrate of the said city, or any justice of the peace for the county, liberty, or place where the offence shall be committed, be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said mayor, magistrate, or other justice, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after deducting the charges of such distress and sale, to the person whose goods and chattels shall be so distrained and fold; and for want of sufficient distress, the said mayor, magistrate, or other justice, is hereby required in all cases, when no particular time of commitment is herein-before directed, to commit such offender to prison where the offence shall have been committed, for any time not exceeding three calendar months; and the money arising by all such fines, penalties, and forfeitures, the application whereof is not otherwise particularly directed by the said act or this act, shall be paid to the regimental clerk of that regiment where such offences shall have been committed, and shall be made part of the publick flock of that regiment.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any distress shall be made for any sum or sums of money to be levied by virtue of the said act passed in the last session of parliament, or of this act, the distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the same be deemed a trespasser or trespassers, on account of any default or want of form in any proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the party or parties be deemed g trespasser or trespassers ab initio, on account of any irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the party or parties distraining; but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity may recover full satisfaction for the special damage by an action on the case,

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 27. 107

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no No rate or rate or assessment, nor any order to be made, or proceeding to be proceeding to had, or any other matter or thing to be done or transacted in or ^ant o^forrn* relating to the execution of the said act passed in the last session or removeable of parliament, or of this act, by the said court of mayor and alder- by certiorari, man, or by his Majesty's of of lieutenancy for the

time being, shall not be vacated or quashed for want of form only, or be removed or removeable by certiorari, or by any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminijhr, any law, statute, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding: provided always, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs shall recover in any action for such irregularity, trespass, or other proceedings, if tender of sufficient amends shall be made by or on the behalf of the party or parties who shall have committed, or cause to be committed, any such irregularity, trespass, or wrongful proceedings, before such action brought; and in case no such tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the defendant or defendants in any such action, by leave of the court where any such action shall depend, at any time before issue joined, to pay into the court such sum of money as he or they shall think fit, whereupon such proceedings, or orders and judgements, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any action shall be Limitation of brought against any person for any thing done in pursuance of actions,

this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within six calendar months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the county or place where the cause of complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give General issue. this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants' in any such action or suit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their action or suit after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if on demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and Treble costs^ have the like remedy for the same as any defendant hath in other cases to recover costs by law.

[Publick act.]

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whom-

soever, without specially pleading the same.

V

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 2t8. [1795.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act to enable petty officers in the navy> cmdseamen, non-commissioned officers of marines, and marines, Jewing in his Majestf $ navy, to allot pari of their pay for the maintenance of their wives and families.

[April 28, 1795.]

WHEREAS the enabling petty officers, and seamen, land-

men, non-commissioned officers of marines, and marines, ern-ployed in the royal navy, to allot a certain part of their wages or pay for the support and maintenance of their wives and children, or mothers, and establishing a regular method for the punctual, frequent, and certain, payment thereof, is of much consequence to the publick service; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Epiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Petty officers, authority of the same, That, from and after the first day o[ May &c. may allot one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, it shall and may be tio^of Thei?r" ^or evei7 petty officer, and seaman, or landman, con-com-

pay for the missioned officer of marines, and marine, serving, or entering to maintenance serve on board of any ship or vessel of his Majesty, his heirs and of their fami- successors, to allot a certain part of his monthly wages or pay for £s* the maintenance of his wife and child, or children, or mother;

viz. That every petty officer and non-commissioned officer of marines may ailot, for the purpose aforesaid, one half of his wages or pay; and every able-bodied seaman may ailot, for the purpose.aforesaid, the sum of five-pence per day; and every ordinary seaman or landman, serving, or entering to serve in his Majesty's navy, may ailot, for the purpose aforesaid, the sum of four-pence per day; and that every marine may ailot, for the purpose aforesaid, the sum of three-pence per day, while he shall actually serve on board any of the ships or v die Is of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or be borne for wages upon the books of any such ships; which said several ferns final 1 be paid every twenty-eight days to the wives or mothers, or for the use of the children of such petty officers, seamen, and landmen, non-commissioned officers of marines, and marines respectively, under the several rules and regulations, and in the manner by this adh directed and prescribed.

Volunteers, at - ]j^ And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, entering°de- from anc* after '£^e °'ay May one thousand seven hundred and daringVo the ninety-five, if any seaman or landman shall freely and voluntarily-regulating _ enter himself with any regulating officer or officers employed or to officer certain^employed in raising men for his Majesty's naval service, in or on allotSa board ar7 the ^Ps or ve^els his Majesty, his heirs and part of their successors, and shall, at the time of his so entering, declare to p-y, which such officer or officers his name and place of abode, and that he babe6 frfonss marr*ec^ an^ fr*ah likewise declare the name of his wife, and at herein spec°bS w^at P^ace &e t^ien re^es5 anc* be bas a c^ild, or how many feed. children, distinguishing how many of such children are boys, or shall declare that he has a mother then alive, and the place^ of her

residence

108

[Preamble.]

TSjo I f Petty Officer, n

Seaman,

1, A.B. ^"n^commissioned do hereby declare,

\ Officer of Marines,

Marine, J

C having; a C Wife V and one Child a Boy 1 1

that I \ ° 3 land Children of whom are Boys I f

I having a L Mother - - -.....)

living at in the County of

C entered this Day to serve in His Majesty's Navy

J now serving on Board His Ma (. jesty's Ship

[is I

I

have allotted

per Day, out of my Wages or Pay, for the Maintenance of my

5 Wife 5" Child 7 land Children j

\ Mother

and I do hereby

direT you to pay or cause to be paid to C.D. my j

living in the Place and County aforesaid, at the End of every Twenty-eight Days from the Date hereof, the Sum of being at the Rate of per Day out of the Wages or Pay

to grow due to me as a in His Majesty's Navy, a Du-

plicate hereof having already been transmitted to you, signed by Three of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, upon her producing a Certificate, under the Hands of the Minister and the Churchwardens or Churchwarden, or the Elders or Elder, of the Parish where she resides, that, to the best of their

Knowledge, the said C.D. is iny Mother}. or>n ^vent

of the Death of my Wife, pay the Sum aforesaid to the Person who shall, by the Minister and Churchwardens or Churchwarden, or Elders or Eider of the Parish where my said Wife resides, be appointed to receive the same, for the Maintenance of my $ Child '

( Children

this

(Signed) A\ B.

Witness (if on Shore) ThoK Bowling,

Lieutenant in his Majesty's Navy, (if on Board) D. E. Captain. 1

F. G. Lieut, and Signing r Officer. 3

Dated

s

I on Board His Majesty's Ship Day of

N° I.

that I

To the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy.

To the Receiver General of the Land Tax of To the ColleTor of the Customs of the Port of To the Collector of the Excise at To the Clerk of the Cheque at

(Signed)

jrf' ? Commissioners of His

m. n. 3 Maie %, s Navy-

By virtue of the Act of the Thirty-fifth of George the Third.

jV\ B, The perforating, or falsely affirming the Name and Character of the Wife, or Mother, or Person to be appointed on the Behalf of the Child or Children of any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, or procuring any other to do the same, in order to receive any Part of the Wages or Pay of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, is made Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, by the Act Thirty-fifth George the Third*

To face p. 109.

i

( 109* )

f Petty Officer, \

Seaman, (

I, A. "ommissioned \ do here1V declare'

Officer of Marines, j L Marine, J

having a 1 Wife \ and one Child a Boy

/ 1 and Children of

living at

having a 3 Mother

whom are Boys

S5g

in the County

have allotted

the Maintenance of my

and I do hereby

Witness (if on Shore) (if on Board)

Signing,

*Vfo T ("Petty Officer, y

Seaman, j

I, A B.\V d° h"eby d"h"'

Officer of Marines, J ( Marine, J

J having a f Wife J and oneCh>ldaB°y \

b 3 land Children of whom are Boys 5

living at

C having a ( Mother

in the County

r entered this Day to serve in His Majesty's Navy,

now serving on Board His Majesty's Ship

per Day, out of my Wages or Pay, for

(Mother - - - y

direct you to pay or cause to be paid to C. B. my j Mother}

living in the Place and County aforesaid, at the End of every Twenty-eight Days from the Date hereof, the Sum of being at the Rate of per Day out of the Wages or Pay

to grow due to me as a in His Majesty's Navy, a Du-

plicate hereof having already been transmitted to you, signed by Three of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, upon her producing a Certificate, under the Hands of the Minister and the Churchwardens or Churchwarden, or the Elders or Elder, of the Parish where ihe resides, that, to the best of their

Knowledge, the said G. D. is my| Mother} or> Event

of the Death of my Wife, pay the Sum aforesaid to the Person who shall, by the Minister and Churchwardens, or Churchwarden, or Elders or Elder of the Parish where my said Wife resides, be appointed to receive the same, for the Maintenance of my

{ Children }^on p0ard His Majesty's Ship }

this Day of

(Signed) Bt

7hoL Bowlings Lieut, in His Majesty's Navy,

D. E. Captain. J

F. G. Lieut, and Officer.

To the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy.

To the Receiver General of the Land Tax of To the ColleTor of the Customs of the Port of To the ColleTor of the Excise at

To the Clerk of the Cheque at

(Signed)

I Commissioners of His

MN.\ Majesty's Navy.

By virtue of the AT of the Thirty-fifth of George the Third.

r

N.B. The personating, or falsely affirming the Name and Character o1 the Wife, or Mother, or Person to be appointed on the Behalt of the Child or Children of any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, or procuring any other to do the same, in order to receive any Part of the Wages or Pay of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commnlioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, is made Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, by the Act Thirty-fifth George the Third.

of

f entered this Day to serve in His Majesty's Navy,

) now serving on Board His Majesty's Ship

have allotted

the Maintenance of my

onip j

per Day, out of my Wages or Pay, r Wises and chiId ?v

' and Children "

for

Wife [

Mother -

and I do hereby

f -

\ Children j* this

C Wife

direT you to pay or cause to be paid to G. B. myj Mother \

living in the Place and County aforesaid, at the End of every Twenty-eight Days from the Date hereof, the Sum of being at the Rate of per Day out of the Wages or Pay

to grow due to me as a in his Majesty's Navy, a Du-

plicate hereof having already been transmitted to you, signed by Three of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, upon her producing a Certificate, under the Hands of the Minister and the Churchwardens or Churchwarden, or the Elders or Elder, of the Parish where she resides, that, to the best of their

Knowledge, the said C.D. is my| Mother} 0Ty t^le ^vent:

of the Death of my Wife, pay the Sum aforesaid to the Person who shall, by the Minister and Churchwardens or Churchwarden, or Elders or Elder of the Parish where my said Wife resides,

be appointed to receive the same, for the Maintenance of my

Child \ Dated 1 at I

\ on Board His Majesty's Ship i

Day of

(Signed) A.B.

ThoL Bowling,

Lieut, in His Majesty's Navy. D. E, Captain.

F. G. Lieut, and Officer.

To the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy.

To the Receiver General of the Land Tax of To the Collector of the Customs of the Port of To the Collector of the Excise at To the Clerk of the Cheque at (Signed)

FI I 1

' ( Commissioners of His

M.N. Majesty's Navy.

By virtue of the AT of the Thirty-fifth of George the Third.

Ah B. The personating, or falsely affiiming the Name and Character of the Wife, or Mother, or Person to be appointed on the Behalf of the Child or Children of any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, or procuring any other to do the same, in order to receive any Part' of the Wages or Pay of such Petty Officer, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, is made Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, by the Aht Thirty-fifth George the Third.

Vol. XL. H

Witness (if on Shore), (if on Board)

Signing '

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28.

residence, and that he is willing to allot a part and proportion of his wages or pay for the support and maintenance of his said wife and child or children, or of his mother, then and in that case, if the wife or mother of such seaman or landman shall reside in London, or within the bills of mortality thereof, the sum allotted to her out ofher husband's or Ton's wages or pay shall be paid by the treasurer of the navy; and if the wife or mother of such seaman or landman shall reside at Portsmouth, Plymouth, or Chatham, or within five miles of any of those places respectively, then the sum allotted to her out of her husband's or son's wages or pay shall be paid by the clerk of the cheque at any of those places where or within five miles of which she shall reside; but if the residence of the wife or mother of fudi seaman or landman shall hot be in London, or within the bills of mortality thereof, or at Portsmouth, Plymouth, or Chatham, or within five miles thereof respectively, then and in every such case the sum allotted to the wife or mother of every such seaman or landman, out of her huf* band's or son's wages or pay, shall be paid to her by the receiver general of the land tax of any county, riding, or city, or by the collector of the customs for any port, or by the collector of excise for any collection in Great Britain, nearest: to the place of residence of the wife or mother of such seaman or landman; and such regulating officer or officers for entering seamen or landmen as aforesaid, shall immediately make out or cause to be made out three declarations of allotment, and three orders of payment, which shall be triplicates of each other, and joined together with oblique lines, flourishes, or devices, and the said declarations and orders shall be in the following form, or in words to the like effedh

leg

Regulating officer to make out three declarations of allotment of pay, and orders of payment, in the following form.

No. I.

no Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28. [1795.

Declarations And which declarations and orders of payment, being numbered ^ment tVta anc* ^atec^ anc* t^le blanks otherwise filled up, the said seaman or signed by the tankman shall sign his name, or make his mark at each of the volunteer, said triplicates thereof, and the said regulating officer shall attest and certified such declarations and orders of payment, by signing his name as officer, witness thereto; and if the wife or mother of such seaman or land-man shall then attend in person, such regulating officer shall immediately cut off one of the said triplicates of the said declarations and orders of payment, through the said oblique lines, flourifries, or devices, and shall deliver the same to the wife or mother of such seaman or landman, and shall immediately thereafter, fend the other two triplicates of such declaration and order of payment to the of of the navy at their board in London; but in case the wife or mother of such seaman or landman shall not attend at the time her husband or son shall so enter himself in the service as aforesaid, the said regulating officer shall fend the said triplicates of such declaration and order of payment to the of of the navy as aforesaid; and such regulating officer shall, in the returns he shall make to the admiralty or navy boards specify and mention, opposite to the name of every man so entered, whether he has allotted part of his pay for the maintenance of his wife and child or children, or of his mother, and the amount of such allotment, together with the date of the order for payment thereof.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, when and so often as the captain or commander of any ship or vessel in the pay of his Majesty shall, pursuant to the powers and directions by former acts of parliament given, read partofhis pay over9 orcaufeto be read over, at any muflerofhis ship's company, lotted ^t^halln a distinCfc and audible manner, the names of all the petty officers, be paid by the seamen, and landmen, and the names of all the non-commissioned persons here- officers of marines, and marines, belongnig to such ship or vessel, m mentioned and jf any petty officer, seaman, landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall thereupon declare by word of mouth, or deliver in writing, the name and place of abode of his wife, and if he has a child, or how many children, dist how many of such children are boys, or that he has a mother then alive, and the place of her residence, and desire that a part of his wages or pay should be allotted and paid to his said wife for the support and maintenance of her and his child or children, or to his mother, then and in that case, if the wife or mother of such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall reside in London, or within the bills of mortality thereof, the sum allotted to her out of her husband's wages or pay shall be paid to her by the treasurer of the navy; and if the wife or mother of such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall reside at Portsmouth, Plymouth, or Chatham, or within five miles of any of those places respectively, then the sum allotted to her out of the wages or pay of her husband or son shall be paid by the clerk of the cheque at any

of

pose of them as herein directed;

and in his returns to the admiralty, &c. shall specify certain particulars.

If any petty officer, &c. at any muster of the ship's company, shall desire a

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28. 111

of those places, where or within five miles of which she shall reside; but if the residence of the wife or mother of such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall not be in London., or within the bills of mortality thereof, or at Portsmouth, Plymouth, or Chatham, or within five miles of any of those places respectively, then and in every such case the sum allotted to the wife or mother of every such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall be paid to her by the receiver general of the land tax for any county, riding, or city, in Great Britian, or by the collector of the customs for any port, or by the collector of the excise for any collection in Great Britian, nearest to the place of residence of the wife or mother of such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine; and Captains of the captain or commander of such ship or vessel is hereby strictly e

required and enjoined to cause a list to be made out, which shall made of petty contain the name of every such petty officer, seaman, or landman, officers, &c. non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, who shall be defirousoffo desirous to allot a part of his wages or pay for the support of his of theft^pay^ wife or mother, in which lift the name and place of abode of the

wife or mother, child or children, as the case may be, of such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, and whether he has a child, or how many children, distinguishing how many of such children are boys, shall be specified and described in distinct columns opposite to the name of such petty officer, seaman, and landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, and marine; and every petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, who shall so desire that a part of his wages or pay may be allotted and paid to his wife or mother, shall write his name, or make his mark, in a separate and distimft column in the said lift, which lift shall be forthwith completed and signed by the captain or commander, and any other of the signing officers of such ship or vessel; and every such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall at the same timealfo sign his name, or make his mark, at each of the three declarations and orders of payment as before mentioned, to empower his wife or mother to receive that part of her husband's or Ion's wages or pay so allowed to her; and which declarations and orders shall be in the same form of words as are herein-before described, or to the same and the like effect; and the said declarations and orders shall be forthwith completed; and such captain or commander andtotransmit shall transmit the lift, and the three declarations and orders afore- an<? the said, by the first safe opportunity, without any neglect or delay and orders to whatsoever, to the of of the navy at their board in the navy London. board.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as soon Declarations as the said declarations and orders shall be received by the of of the navy, they shall examine, or cause the same to be examined, with the list or lists transmitted by such regulating the navy officer or officers employed for entering men for his Majesty's board, and

navy,

H2. Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28. [1795.

disposed bf as navy, if the same shall have been transmitted by any regulating of-bereih direct- £cer or officers, or by the captain or commander onboard any of his Majesty's ships or vessels, if the same shall have bec*n transmitted by any such captain or commander, and if found right, the same shall be filled up agreeable to the particulars specified in the several columns of such lids, and shall be then allowed and signed by any three of the commissioners of the navy, specifying the date on which they shall so sign the same; and in all cases, where the triplicates of the aforesaid declarations and orders shall have have been transmitted to the of of the navy, they shall, without delay, cause them tobecutafunder through the said oblique lines, flourishes, or devices, and shall cause one of the said declarations and orders to be transmitted forthwith to the person named in such order as the wife or mother of such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine; and another of the said declarations and orders they shall cause to be transmitted forthwith to the said receiver general of theland tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the cheque, to whom such order shall be so directed; and the third of the said declarations and orders they shall cause to be transmitted or delivered to the treasurer of his Majesty's navy for the time being; and where only two of such declarations and orders shall have been transmitted to the Commissioners of his Majesty's navy, they shall in like manner, without delay, cause the same to be cut asunder through the said oblique lines, flourishes, or devices, and shall cause one of the said declarations and orders to be transmitted forthwith to the receiver general of the land tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the cheque, to whom such order shall be so directed, and the other of the said declarations and orders to be transmitted or delivered to the treasurer of his Majesty's navy for the time being but in cases where the allotment of such wages as aforesaid shall be directed to be paid by the treasurer of the navy in London, or within the bills of mortality thereof, then two of the triplicates of such declarations and orders shall be transmitted or delivered to the After 28 days treasurer of the navy.

from the date, V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when, persons to at the end of twenty-eight days or more after the date of such rations ancf- declaration and order, the same, together with such certificate as orders shall be is mentioned therein by the minister and churchwardens, or addressed, to churchwarden, elders or elder, as the case may be, of the parish examine into where the wife or mother of such petty officer, seaman, or land-therTof and man> non-commissioned officer of marines-, or marine, resides, of certificates shall be presented to the treasurer of the navy, or to any such of ministers receiver general of the land tax, collector of the customs, collector and church- Gf the excise, or clerk of the cheque respectively, as the case may tonedthenhn' to Wl?'l0ra i-ame IS addressed, he shall examine and compare andifauthen- Inch declaration and order so presented to him by the wife or tick, to pay mother of such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commis-tdie sums al- fioned officer of marines, or marine, with the triplicate of such sr4tlb> declaration and order which shall have been transmitted to him

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28. 1*3

by the of of the navy, and enquire into the truth thereof, and of such certificate as aforesaid; and, if it shall appear to him necessary, by the oath of the wife or mother producing the same, which oath he is hereby authorised and empowered to administer, and upon being duly satisfied of the authenticity of such declaration and order, and of such certificate, and the truth of the fasts therein set forth, he shall immediately pay to the wife or mother of such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, without fee or reward, and without deduction or abatement, under the pretence of any expence having been incurred, or on any pretence whatever, the sum allotted to her out of the wages or pay of her husband or son, taking her receipt for the same, to which file shall sign her name, or make her mark, in the presence of the person paying her the money, and which person shall also fign his name as witness thereto, and he shall also mark her receipt and certificate with the same number as that of her husband's declaration and order, and shall also mark on the said declaration and order, which shall be so produced to him by the wife or mother of such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, the date of such payment, the amount of the sum paid, and the time from whence, and up to what time, the same so became due, after which he shall deliver back to the wife or mother of such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, the declaration and order so produced by her; and the person making such payment shall in like manner mark upon the triplicate of such declaration and order, which shall have been transmitted to him by the of of the navy as aforesaid, or otherwise be in his possession, the date of such payment, the amount of the sum paid, and the time from whence, and up to what time, the same so became due, and at the end of every four weeks, or twenty-eight days thereafter, upon Allotments of similar application made, and upon producing such order and evJr^four^ certificate in manner before directed, the same payment shall be weeks.°UF made in the same manner and form to the wife or mother of such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, as aforesaid, during her life, or so long as her husband or son shall live, and continue as a petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, in the service of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, except as herein after excepted, where no demand shall be made upon such order within six months from the date of marking thereof by the of of the navy, or from the date of the last payment made thereon.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when If a wife to the wife of any petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commis- her°huf fioned officer of marines, or marine, in the service of his Majesty, band's pay be his heirs and successors, ' who may have allotted part of his wages allotted shall for the maintenance of his said wife and children, shall happen to die, and leave die, and such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned^y^s officer of marines, or marine, shall have a child or children under old, the mini-

Vol. XL. I the fter and

Posted by CjjOCK^Ic

H4 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28. [1795.

church war- the age of fourteen years, it shall and may be lawful for the mini-^er anc* c^urchwardens or churchwarden, elders or elder, as the navy board case may of t^ie parish where such wife so dying did reside at the same, and the time of her death, to certify to the of of the navy, their inten- at their board in London, the death of such wife, and the day a°erfo^to°re- t^lerec>^ anc* t^iat husband of such wife has a child, or how ccive and ap- many children, then alive, under the age of fourteen years, and ply the money the age of such child, or the respective ages of each of such chil-for the use of dren, as nearly as they can, and shall distinguish how many of the children, such children are boys; and such ministerand churchwardens, or elders, shall also certify their intention of appointing a fit and proper person, resident within the said parish, to receive that part of the father's wages or pay for his services in the navy, which had been allotted by him for the maintenance of his child or children in the event of the death of his wife, and along with such certificate the minister and churchwardens, or elders, shall also

If the commissioners are satisfied of the truth of such certificate they shall cause three certificates and orders to be made out in the follow* ing form*

transmit to the of of the navy the triplicate of such declaration and order before mentioned, made by the husband of such wife who shall have so died as aforesaid, and which was in her possession at the time of her death; whereupon the of of the navy shall examine into the truth of such certificate in such manner as they shall think proper, and if they are satisfied of the truth thereof, and that the father of such child or children is still alive, and in the service of his Majesty, they shall then make out, or cause to be made out, three certificates and orders, which shall be triplicates of each other, and joined together with oblique lines, flourishes, or devices, and which shall be in the following form, or in words to the like effect:

No. u

N° I. We,

the Mini ft

Churchwardens or Churchwarden 7

and ( Elders or Elder

Parish of in the County of

hereby certify and declare, That

i

the

Wife of

vino; in this Parish 5 1 under the Age of Four-

( Children j

f Petty Officer,

Seaman,

'Landman,

j Non-commissioned I Officer of Marines,

L Marine, J

serving in His Majesty's Navy, died on the Day of and was buried in the said Parish,

where she had resided 5 Months 7 previous

( Years j

to her Death. And We further certify and declare that there

{L}Iivi

teen Years, of the aforesaid late the Hufbatid

of the aforesaid deceased I " '10 Lis 3 BoV> or GlrI i

( or whom are Boys )

and We have appointed of in this Parish,

to receive such Allowance as the aforesaid the Father

has allotted out of his Wages or Pay due or to become, due for

his Service in the Navy, for the Maintenance and Support of his said J X in the Event of the Death of his Wife: And

£ Children 3

We request that you will give the necessary Order, that the Wages or pay of the Father to allowed as aforesaid shall and may in future be paid to the said for the Maintenance

and Support of the Qh|kjren } °* t^ie

under our Inspection and Direction. Dated at this Day of

Signed A.B. Minister.

C.D. 7 Churchwardens To the Commissioners of £. F. j or Elders.

His Majesty's Navy.

WE, and Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the County of do hereby certify and attest to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, That the Facts set forth in the above Certificate are true, to the heft of our Knowledge and Belief, and that the said named therein is a fit and proper Person to receive

the Wages allotted by the above for the Mainte-

nance and Support of his j £^jrer j in the Event of the Death

of his Wife; and We do hereby approve of him in that RespedL Dated at this Day of

Signed G. H\ 7 Justices of the Peace for /. A". J the County of

London, the Day of

WE approve of the above, and allow the same, and order the Payment of that Part of the Wages allotted by the above-mentioned for the Maintenance and Support

of his J X in the Event of the Death of his Wife, to be

( Children 3

paid to the above-named for that Purpose.

Signed Z. AL)Commissioners of p] I the Navy.

r The Treasurer of the Navy.

\ The Receiver General of the Land Tax of To < The Collector of the Customs at the Port of I The Collector of the Excite at CThe Clerk of the Cheque at

By Virtue of the Act of the Thirty-fifth of George the Third.

N.B. The forging of this Certificate, or procuring any other Person to forge the same, in order to receive any Part of the Wages or Pav allotted by any Petty Offi er, Seaman, or Landman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, to the Support and Maintenance of his (Child, or Chi I Ireu) is made Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, by the Act Tnu-ty. fifth George the Tim'd.

To face p. 114.

N° I. We,

and

Parish of

( 114* )

the Minister { Churchwardens or Churchwarden 7 i Elders or Elder J

in the County of do

hereby certify and declare, That

f Petty Officer,

Seaman,

Wife of*< N."«o"'mi*o, ned

I Officer of Marines, LMarine,

serving in His Majesty's Navy, died on the

Day of and was buried in the said Parish,

where she had resided j Ye°arshS } Prev^ous

to her Death. And We further certify and declare that there

{ ae } Eyingn ^ls parish a un<^er t^lc aSe Fourteen Years, of the aforesaid late the Husband

of the aforesaid deceased i wfho u*B°y' or^lfl \

I of whom are Boys 3

and We have appointed of in this Parish,

to receive such Allowance as the aforesaid the Father

has allotted out of his Wages or Pay due or to become due for

his Service in the Navy, for the Maintenance and Support of his said J X the Event of the Death of his Wife: And

( Children J

We request: that you will give the necessary Order, that the Wages or Pay of the Father lb allowed as aforesaid shall and may in future be paid to the said for the Maintenance

and Support of the Q^[jjren j t^e

under our Inspection and Direction. Dated at this Day of

Signed A.B. Minister.

C.D. 7 Churchwardens To the Commissioners of £. F. J or Elders.

His Majesty's Navy.

WE, and Two of His Majesty's Justices of the peace in and for the County of do hereby certify and attest to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, That the Facts set forth in the above Certificate are true, to the best of our Knowledge and Belief, and that the said named therein is a fit and proper Person to receive

the Wages allotted by the above for the Mainte-

nance and Support of his Qpj^re |n t^ie Event of the Death

of his Wife; and We do hereby approve of him in that Respect. Dated at this Day of

Signed G. H. 7 Justices of the Peace for /. A. j the County of

London, the Day of

WE approve of the above, and allow the same, and order the Payment of that part of the Wages allotted by the above-mentioned for the Maintenance and Support

of his 5 \ in the Event of the Death of his Wife, to be

Children 3

paid to the above-named for that purpose.

Signed L. AL)n,

Al D (. Commissioners of

p[^) the Navy.

t r The Treasurer of the Navy.

\ The Receiver General of the Land Tax of To < 'The Collector of the Customs at the Port of 1 7'he Collector of me Excise at LThe Clerk of the Cheque at

By Virtue of the Act of the Thirty-fifth of George the Third.

ted

N° I. We,

ftie M tfitiWi*

{Churchwardens or Churchwarden ] t^e Elders or Elder J

Parish of in the County of do

hereby certify and declare, That

f Petty Officer, -)

Seaman, j

; Landman,

a j Non-commissioned j

j.Officer of Marines,

L Marine, J

y, died on the

and was buried in the said Parish,

5 Months X previous I Years 3

And We further certify and declare, that there living in this Parish j^un(^er ^ge of Fourteen Years, of the aforesaid late the Husband

Wife of

serving in His Majesty's Navy, Day of

where she had resided to her Death.

of the aforesaid

deceased ( who is a B°y> or Girl t are Boys J

{ of whom

and We have appointed of in this Parish

to receive such Allowance as the aforesaid the Father

has allotted out of his Wages or Pay due or to become due for his Service in the Navy, for the Maintenance and Support of his said J 1 in the Event of the Death of his Wife: And

I Children 3

We request that you will give the necessary Order, that the Wages or Pay of the Father so allowed as aforesaid shall and may in future be paid to the said for the Maintenance and support of the Children}

under our Inspection and Direction. Dated at this Day*of

Signed

To the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy.

WE,

A.B. Minister.

C.D. 7 Churchwardens A. F< J or Elders.

of his Wife; Dated at

IV. B. The forging of this Certificate, or procuring any other Person to forge the same, in order to receive any past of the Wages or Pay allot-by any Petty Officer, Seaman, or L^an, Non-commissioned

Officer of Marines, or Marine, to the SuppoiT % |d Maintenance of his (Child, or Children) is made Felony without Benefit of Clergy, by the Ad Thirty-filth George the Third.

and Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the County of do hereby certify and attest to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, That the Fadfs set forth in the above Certificate are true, to the best of our Knowledge and Belief, and that the said named therein is a fit and proper Person to receive

the Wages allotted by the above for the Maintenance and Support of his 5 I in the Event of the Death

I Children 3

and We do hereby approve of him in that Respect. this Day of

Signed G. H. 7 Justices of the Peace for L K. 3 the County of

London, the Day of

WE approve of the above, and allow the same, and order the Payment of that Part of the Wages allotted by the above-mentioned for the Maintenance and Support

of his n in the Event of the Death of his Wife, to be

paid to the above-named for that Purpose.

Signed A. M. 1 Ar. O. > p. 4>. J

-The Treasurer of the Navy.

The Receiver General of the Land Tax of 1 The Collector of the Customs at the Port of The Collector of the Excise at 1 The Clerk of the Cheque at

By Virtue of the Act of the Thirty-fifth of George the Third.

Ar. B, The forging of this Certificate, or procuring any other Person to forge the same, in order to receive any part of the Wages or Pay allot-tees by any Petty Officer, Seaman, or Land man, Noii-commissioned Officer of Marines, or Marine, to the Support and Maintenance of his (Child, or Children) is made Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, by the Act Thirty-fifth George the Third.

Vol. XL. I

Commissioners of the Navy,

To

by

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28. 1x5

The triplicates of which certificate, being so made out as afore-Triplicates of said, the of of the navy shall forthwith fend, or cause beVent^o^he the same to be sent, to the minister, or to the churchwardens, or minister or churchwarden, elders or elder, of the parish where the wife of such churchvvar-petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer 0^nS, LW^C^, marines, or marine, so died as aforesaid; and such minister, up^fnd churchwardens or churchwarden, elders or elder, shall cause the attested by blanks thereof to be filled up, and the minister, along with the two magi-churchwardens or churchwarden, or the elders or elder, of strates, shall the said parish, shall sign the same, and having procured two of ^e^avy6 to the justices of the peace of the county wherein such parish lies board j to attest the same, the said minister, or churchwardens or churchwarden, or elders or elder, shall forthwith return the said three triplicates to the of of the navy in London; and the of of the navy shall immediately on receipt thereof which shall exexamine the same, and if found right, they shall mark each of the amine, and triplicates, of the said certificate with the same number with which disposeofthem the original declaration and order of payment, executed by the said ^lm

petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, whose wife may have died as aforesaid, was numbered; and the said of, or any three or more of them, shall date and sign their allowance thereof, and shall address each of the triplicates to the same publick officer to whom the original order granted by the aforesaid petty officer, seaman, or landman, non commissioned officer of marines, or marine, whose wife may have so died as aforesaid, was addressed for payment, and the same, being so completed, they shall cause them to be cut asunder indentwise through the said oblique lines, flourishes, or devices, and shall forthwith cause one of them to be transmitted to the person who shall be named and appointed by the said minister and churchwardens, or elders, and approved of by the justices, in the aforesaid certificate and attestation, to receive the allotment of wages or pay therein mentioned, and shall therewith also transmit to him the original declaration and order granted by such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, whose wife may have so died as aforesaid, which original declaration and order was in her possession at the time of or previous to her death, and which had been sent to the of of the navy by the minister, or churchwardens or churchwarden, elders or elder, along with their certificate of the death of such wife, as before-mentioned; and another of the aforesaid triplicates, so approved of and allowed by the of of the navy, or any three of them, as aforesaid, shall be forthwith transmitted to the treasurer of the navy, collector of the land tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the cheque, appointed to pay the same, as the case may be*and the third of the said triplicates to be delivered to the treasurer of the navy.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at After a certain the end or expiration of twenty-eight days, or more, from the date ^mted* of the last payment made to the wife of such petty officer, seaman, ^receive al« or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, who lotments of

1 2 may

xi6 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28. [1795.

pay for chil- may have so died as aforesaid, or from and after the date of the orig*nal declaration and order granted by her husband, in case she far e, pro- shall ^ave received no payment thereon, the person named and ducaig certain appointed in such certificate, attestation, and allowance as afore-papers. said, for receiving the allotment of such wages for the mainte-

nance and support of the child or children of such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, may apply to the treasurer of the navy, receiver general of the land tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the cheque, to whom the same may be respectively addressed, for payment of what may be due thereon, and shall then produce the original declaration and order of such petty officer, seaman, or landman* non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, in favour of his wife, the certificate of the minister and churchwardens or churchwarden, or elders or elder, of his appointment, the attestation thereof by two justices of the peace, and allowance thereof by any three of of the navy, as is before-mentioned, and shall also produce and deliver to such treasurer of the navy, receiver general of the land tax, collector \ of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the cheque respectively, as the case may be, a certificate from the minister and churchwardens or churchwarden, elders or elder, specifying that there is a child, or the number of children, under the age of fourteen years, of such petty officer, seaman, landman, nomcommiffloned officer of marines, or marine, whole wife may have died as aforesaid, then living in their parish, and distinguishing if such child, or how many of such children are boys, and the age of such child, or the respective ages of such children, as nearly as they can $ If the papers and such treasurer of the navy, receiver general of the land tax, Found authen- c°fie&°r of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the tic, the money cheque, shall examine these several papers so produced to him, allotted to be with the triplicates thereof, which shall have been transmitted to paid gratis. him by the of of the navy as aforesaid, and shall enquire into the truth thereof, and of such certificates so presented to him; and if it shall appear to him necessary, by the oath of the party producing the same, (which oath he is hereby authorised and empowered to administer), and being duly satisfied of the authenticity thereof, and of the truth of the facts therein set forth, he shall immediately pay to the person so appointed, in the manner and form before directed, to receive such allotment of wages or pay, the sum due thereon, without fee or reward, and without deduction or abatement, under the pretence of any expence having been incurred, or on any pretence whatever, so as the same shall not be for a less or shorter period than twenty-eight days, except as herein after is mentioned, and shall take the receipt of such person for the same, who shall sign the said receipt in the presence of the person paying the money; and the said person so paying the money shall sign his name as witness to the said receipt, and shall also mark the said receipt with the same number as that of the original declaration, and order of payment, and certificate of appointment, and shall also mark upon the original

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28. 117

declaration, and order of payment, and upon she certificate of appointment, which shall be so produced by the person therein appointed to receive the same, and to whom the money is to be paid, and also upon the original declaration, and order of payment, and upon the certificate of appointment in his hands, and which shall, have been transmitted to him by the of of the navy as aforesaid, or otherwise be in his possession, the date of such payment, the amount of the sum paid, and the time from whence, and up to what time, the same so became due; and at the end of aH°t-every twenty-eight days thereafter, upon similar application made, and upon producing such original declaration and order of pay- every four ment granted by such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non- weeks, commissioned officer of marines, or marine, and such certificate of appointment attested and allowed as before-mentioned, and upon the delivery of such certificate respecting the existence and age of such children as aforesaid, by the minister, churchwardens, or elders of the parish where such children shall reside, with a receipt for the money, in manner as before directed, the same payment shall be made to the person so appointed to receive such part of the wages allotted by every such petty officer, seaman, or land-man, non commissioned officer of marines, or marine, for the maintenance and support of his children upon the death of his wife as aforesaid, and that for so long and while all or any one of his said children shall remain under the age of fourteen, or so long as their father shall live or continue as a petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, except as herein after excepted, where no demand shall be made for payment, within six months from the date of the commissioners of the navy allowing of such certificate of appointment, or from the date of the last payment made thereon.

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any On promotion seaman, landman, or marine, who may have allotted a part of his wages or pay for the support and maintenance of his wife and crease the al-child or children, or mother, shall, at any future period, be pro- lotment out of moted in the service; videlicet, if a landman or ordinary seaman his pay to the shall be promoted to be an able seaman, or if an able seaman shall his

be promoted to be a petty officer, or if any petty officer shall be rank, &c. promoted from an inferior to a superior rank in the lift of petty officers, or if any marine shall be promoted to be a non-commissioned officer, or receive any other similar promotion, and by which the wages or pay of such person shall be increased, it shall and may be lawful to and for such ordinary seaman, landman* petty officer, or marine, promoted as aforesaid, at the first, or any subsequent muster of the company of the ship or vessel to which he shall belong after such his promotion, to declare, in manner aforesaid, that-die is desirous to make the allowance out of his wages or pay, to and for the support and maintenance of his wife and child or children, or mother, to the full amount allowed to those in the same rank to which he has been promoted; and the captain or commander of such ship or vessel is hereby required, in the monthly or other muster books returned by him to the com-

13 missioners

Ii8 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28. [1795.

Payments to be made for ^8 days at a time? except in case of death, &c.

missioners of the navy, to specify the same opposite to the name of such seaman, landman, petty officer, or marine, so promoted as aforesaid, who shall also sign his name, or make his mark, opposite thereto; and such seaman, landman, petty officer, or marine, so promoted as aforesaid, shall also sign three declarations and orders of payment (agreeably to the forms before prescribed) to his wife and child or children, or mother, of that part of his wages or pay allotted to them according to his then situation, as before is mentioned, which declaration and order of payment shall be executed, witnessect, and transmitted to the of of the navy, in the same manner as before is mentioned; and such of shall likewise proceed in the same manner as before-is directed in examining and transmitting such declaration and order for payment to the wife, or mother, or other person appointed as aforesaid to receive the same, for the use of the child or children, and to the treasurer of the navy, receiver general of the land tax, collector of the customs, collector of excise, or clerk of the cheque, to whom the same shall be addressed for payment; and the wife, or mother, or person appointed as aforesaid to receive for the use of the child or children shall, at the time of receiving the first payment under the authority of such new order for payment, receive also the difference between the sum contained in the first order and that contained in the second or new order for payment, from the day of the date of such new order up to the time of her or him receiving under such new order, in case any intermediate payment shall have been made on the first order after the date of the second, but before the presenting of such second order for payment, and he or she so receiving the money as aforesaid shall deliver up to the person making such payment the triplicate of the former declaration or order for payment that was in her or his possession, which shall forthwith, by such person so paying the money, be transmitted to the of of the navy, together with the triplicate of such first declaration or order of payment, that was in the possession of such person himself; and in all other matters and things relative to such new declaration and order for payment, made by persons so promoted as aforesaid, the same rules, orders, and regulations, shall be observed as by this present adb are directed and prescribed with respect to payments to be made under the first declaration and order of payment that may have been granted and executed by any seaman, landman, petty officer, or marine, before he received such promotion as aforesaid.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all payments made to the wife or mother of any petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, under the authority of such order granted by him in manner aforesaid, or to the person that maybe appointed to receive the same, in the manner and form before mentioned, in the event of the death of such wife, shall be by even monthly payments of twenty-eight days, and not for any part of a month, except in the case of the death of such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, in the service of his Majesty, his heirs

and

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28. 119

and successors, or in the case of such petty officer, or seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, being regularly discharged, or quitting, or absenting himself from his Majesty's service, in which events the wife, or in case of her death, the person that may be appointed to receive the same, in manner before-mentioned, or the mother, as the case may be, shall be entitled to and receive the sum allotted to such wife, or children, or mother, up and home to the day of the death or discharge of such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, or his quitting or absenting himself from his Majesty's service; and all payments so made shall be deduced from the pay or wages of such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, respectively.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and Pfders to be

j /'irrevocable

every such order so to be granted by any such petty officer, seaman, whiie the

or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, as grantor is en-aforesaid, shall be irrevocable, and continue and remain in force titled to pay, during the whole time that he shall be entitled to receive wages or ^0therfhairr pay on account of his services in his Majesty's navy, in case his wife }jve or mother named in such order shall so long live, or while and during his children, or any one of them, shall remain under the age of fourteen, or until he shall be discharged, quit, or absent himself from his Majesty's service, unless the same shall be revoked in the way and manner herein after mentioned, or become void and forfeited by non-claim thereon, as after mentioned; and the wife or mother of every such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or v marine, or the person that may be appointed to receive the same in manner before mentioned, in the event of the death of such wife, during all the time aforesaid, shall be entitled to receive, in the manner and form above prescribed, the sum so allotted by such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, to be paid out of his wages or pay, for the maintenance and support of his wife and children, or mother.

XI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the wife Wives, &c. to or mother of every such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non- deceive commissioned officer of marines, or marine, or the person that mav allotments of be appointed in manner aforesaid to receive such allotment of wa- pay, unless ges or pay, in the event of the death of the wife, shall appear in disabled by person before the treasurer of the navy, receiver general of the land hodily infir-rax, or collector of the customs, or collector of the excise, or clerk

of the cheque, to receive that part of the wages or pay which shall be allotted by such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-comissioned officer of marines, or marine, for the maintenance and support of his wife and children, or mother, unless the said wife, or mother, or person so appointed in the event of the death of the wife, shall be prevented and disabled from so appearing by bodily infirmity j and such disability being certified by the minister and churchwardens or churchwarden, elders or elder, of the parish. where she or he resides, or by the physician, surgeon, or apothecary, attending her or him, then and in that case the money so

1 4. allotted

If wives die, orders to be V'. id if payment be not demanded within six months after signed by the navy board.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28. [1795.

allotted such wife, or mother, or person so appointed as a for da id, in the event of the death of the wife, shall be paid to her or his order In writing, upon producing the original order for payment by such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, together with the other proper receipt and certificate as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if no demand for payment upon or by virtue of any such original order of payment, or order of appointment as aforesaid, shall be made upon the treasurer of the navy, receiver general of the land tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the cheque, to whom the same shall be respectively directed, for the space of six calendar months from and after the date when the same shall respectively be signed by the of of the navy, or any three of them, then the said order for payment, and appointment as aforesaid, in the event of the death of the wife, shall become void, null, and of no efreCf, and no payment whatever shall be made thereon, or in virtue thereof, or in virtue of both or either of them; and the wages or pay of such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall, from and after the date of the last payment made on such order, be paid to him, or to his executors or administrators, as if he had never granted any such order.

XIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any regulating officer or officers appointed for entering men for

ffiip^nedect- Majesty's service, or any captain or commander of any ship ing to transmit or vessel in the pay of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall lifts, etc. lia- unnecessarily neglect or delay to transmit to the of ble to 50l. of t^e nayy5 their board, the lifts of such petty officers, Teamen, or landmen, con-commi (honed officers of marines, or marines, who have allotted part of their wages or pay for the maintenance and support of their wives and children, or mothers, such lifts to be made out in manner before mentioned, or to transmit the declarations and orders made by such petty officers, seamen, or landmen, non-commissioned officers of marines, or marines, respectively, authorising such payments to be made to their wives or mothers, or for the use of their children, every such officer or officers, captain or commander, so neglecting or delaying, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and such fine or penalty shall be levied and recovered in such and the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as any conviction may be made, and any penalty and fine may be recovered or levied for any offence against any law by which any duty of customs or excise js imposed or laid^and the said fine and penalty, when recovered, shall be paid to the person or persons filing or pro-fscuting for the famer

XIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any receiver general of the land tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the cheque, or person employed under the treasurer of the navy, to whom such order shall be addreflbd and preferred by the wife or mother of any petty

officer 3

Regulating officers and captains of

penalty.

If persons to whom orders are addressed shall not have money in hand when

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28. 121

officer, feamln, or landman, non-commissioned officer of ma- prerented, rines, or marine, or by the person that maybe appointed manner before-mentioned to receive the same, in the event of ^thiifa fort-the death of such wife, for payment of the sum allotted to such night, for wife, child, or children, or mother, shall not then have in his payment. See* hands publick money sufficient to answer the same, and shall for that reason refuse or delay the immediate payment thereof, such receiver general of the land tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise/ or 'clerk of the cheque, shall immediately deliver to the wife, or mother, or person appointed in the manner and in the event aforesaid, and demanding such payment, a note of the cause of his refusal or delay to pay the same, which shall bear the date when such demand was made and refused, and shaft appoint thereon, for the payment of such demand, some future day, within the space of fourteen days from the day of the fit'll: anc^ for delay- % demand being made upon him; and if upon complaint being ing payment, made to the respective of appointed by his Majesty, pr taking fees his heirs and successors, to manage the said several duties of the to land tax, customs, or excise, or to the of of the navy, v if the person complained of be a clerk of the cheque, or person employed under the treasurer of the navy, it shall appear that such receiver general of the land tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, clerk of the cheque, or person employed under the treasurer of the navy, hath unnecessarily and wilfully refused or delayed the payment of such allowance allotted as aforesaid, or that such receiver general of the land tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, clerk of the cheque, or any person employed by or under any of them, or any person employed by or under the treasurer of the navy, hath directly or indirectly received or taken any fee or reward, gratuity, discount, or deduction whatsoever, or any sum under pretence of reimbursement of any expence incurred on account of the payment of the said allowance, it shall and may be lawful to and for any three or more of the said of to convict and fine any such offender, under their respective directions, for every such offence, in a sum not exceeding fifty pounds, according to the nature and degree of the offence; and such fine shall be levied and recovered in such and the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as any conviction may be made, and any penalty and fine may be recovered or levied for any offence against any law by which any duty of customs or excise is imposed or laid, and the said fine, when recovered, shall be paid to the person filing or prosecuting for the same.

XV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if menth^occa* any captain or commander in his Majesty's navy, or any agent fioned by de-of hospitals for lick or wounded seamen, shall neglect or delay to lays in making make their returns within a reasonable time, and according to returns, to be the time by any act or acts of parliament limited for that purpose the defaulters* respectively, whereby or by means whereof any over-payment shall be made to the wife, or mother, or to the use of the child or children of any petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned

V

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28. [1795.

missioned officer of marines, or marine, then and in every such case the of of the navy, or of of sick and wounded seamen, (as the case may be), shall and are hereby directed and enjoined to deduct from the salary, wages, or pay, of the captain or commander, or agent of hospitals for sick and wounded seamen, a sum equal to that which has been overpaid by or through his neglect or delay, upon such of as aforesaid receiving a certificate, under the hand of the treasurer, or under the hand of the paymaster of his Majesty's navy, certifying that such over-payment has been made by or through the neglect or delay of such captain or commander in the navy, or agent of any hospital for sick and wounded seamen, and which sums so deduced shall be applied in replacing the sum so overpaid as aforesaid.

_ m

XVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

wives may be if any'petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned revoked on officer of marines, or marine, who shall have made an allotment certificates Gf part of his wages or pay, and executed an order for payment Jdmchu?ch"rS ^me to -.his wife, shall at any time thereafter be desirous

wardens, &c. revoke and recal the same, it shall be lawful for him so to do, upon his declaring such his intention, and actually revoking the same, by a writing under his hand addressed to the Commissioners of his Majesty's navy, and accompanying such his declaration and revocation with a certificate from the minister and churchwardens or churchwarden, elders or elder, of the parish where his wife had her residence at the date of his declaration and order of payment of part of his wages to her, declaring that, in their opinion, such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, has just and reasonable cause for such his revocation; and if the Commissioners of his Majesty's navy, upon receiving such revocation and certificate, and examining and considering the same, shall be satisfied of the reasonableness thereof, they, or any three of them, shall immediately give notice thereof to the treasurer of his Majesty's navy, or to the receiver general of the land tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the cheque, to whom the order of payment of the wife of such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines^ or marine, was addressed, directing him to flop all future payment thereon, and the treasurer of the navy, or such collector of the land tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the cheque, shall indorse upon the notice of such countermand of payment the date when he receives the same, and shall, within two days after, acknowledge the receipt thereof to the of of the navy, and shall not, after receipt of such notice, make any further or future payment to the wife of such petty officer, seaman, or land-man, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, and the husband of such wife shall thereafter be entitled to his wages or pay, in the same way and manner as if he never had made such declaration or order of payment to his wife, or until such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines,

or

Orders for navment to

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28. 223

or marine, shall make, in manner aforesaid, another declaration or order for payment, which he is hereby enabled to do notwithstanding of his having revoked the former.

XVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That If wives to if at any time hereafter the wife of any petty officer, seaman, or whom allot-landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, to ^d^dei^rt whom her husband shall in manner aforesaid have made any al- their children, lotment of part of his wages or pay for the maintenance and sup- the minister port of her and of his child or children, shall desert or otherwise andchurch-.neglect and leave unsupported and maintained such child or

children, whereby they or any of them, being under the age of same \G the fourteen, shall for the space of one month or more become navy board, chargeable upon any parish, it shall and maybe lawful to the and their in-minister and churchwardens or churchwarden, elders or elder, t[ of such parish, to certify the fact to the of of the receive and navy, and also their intention to appoint a proper person to re- apply the ceive and apply, to the use of such child or children so deserted or money for neglected, that part of the wages or pay which the father of such ^Udren°^Scc^child or children had allotted for the support and maintenance of 5

his wife and children; and if the Commissioners of his Majesty's navy, or any three of them, shall be satisfied with the truth and reasonableness thereof, they shall proceed in the same way and manner towards the appointment of a proper person to receive that allotment of wages or pay which such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, had allotted to be paid to his wife, in the same way and manner as if ffie had died, to be received and applied by such person as may be so appointed, to and for the use and behoof of such child or children as aforesaid; and the same rules, orders, directions, and regulations, shall be followed and observed with respect to the person so to be appointed, when the wife shall desert or neglect the child or children of such petty officer, seaman, landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, as if such wife had died, and such appointment had taken place in consequence thereof; and from and after the date of such appointment, the wife shall iiot be entitled to or receive any part of her huffiand's wages or pay which had been allotted to her in manner aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Nwy board as soon as it shall appear to the of of the navy, by the to communi-return and inspection of the books of any ffiip or vessel in the pay ^ofpettV of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or in any other manner officers, &c. or way, that any petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-com- who have al-missioned officer of marines, or marine, who has allotted a part part of of his pay to his wife and child or children, or mother, has either thepersons di died, been dismissed, or in any other manner or way quitted or reded to pay absented himself, from the service of his Majesty, his heirs and it, who are to successors, the said of of the navy, or any three of acknowledge them, shall immediately communicate such intelligence to the t^o^a^on*1 treasurer of the navy, or to the receiver general of the land tax, penalty of

or to the collector of the customs, or to the collector of the ex- sol. See. cjfe, or to the clerk of the cheque, by whom the proportion of a wages

Go< e

124 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28'.

[1795.

wages allotted to the wife, mother, child, or children, of such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall have been directed to be paid, directing him to stop all future payments to such wife or mother, or on account of such child pr children, from and after the day of the death of such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, being dismissed, quitting, or absenting himself, from the service of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the treasurer of the navy, and such receiver general of the land tax, collector of the customs, cohector of the excise, or clerk of the cheque, (hull, within two days after the receipt of such notification, acknowledge the receipt of the same by letter add refled to the of of the navy, at their board in London, under the penalty of twenty pounds, to be recovered and levied as aforesaid, and shall not, on any account or pretence whatever, pay or cause to be paid to the wife or mother of such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, or to the person that may be appointed to receive the same for the use of such child or children, in manner before-mentioned, in the event of the death of such wife, the whole or any part of the allowance allotted for the maintenance and support of his wife or mother, or of his child or children, out of his pay, from and after the day on which it shall have been so notified that such petty officer, seaman, land-man, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, had died, been dismissed, quitted, or absented himself, from the service of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, as aforesaid.

Minift'ers and

XIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as church war- fcon as it shall come to the knowledge of the minister, or any of notice°oRhe churchwardens, or any of the elders of any parish, that the death of wives wife or mother of any petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-ormothers re-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, entitled to receive ceiving allot- any benefit or allowance under the authority of this act, is dead, to The navy^ min^er5 churchwarden, or elder, or any one of them, shall board, or the immediately give notice thereof, by letter, to the of persons pay- of the navy, or to the receiver general of the land tax, collector ing the rmo- Gf the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the cheque, from whom the wife or mother of such petty officer, seaman, or tinue the landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall allowance till have received the allowance allotted to her; and such receiver furthe^di^ Senera^ of the ^an<^ tax, collector of the customs, collector of the regions,excise, or clerk of the cheque, shall immediately indorse on such letter of notification the day when he receives the same, and shall forthwith transmit it to the commissioners of the navy, and shall not thereafter make any payment on account or by virtue of the or^er under which such wife or mother, dying as aforesaid, was in use to receive her allowance out of her husband's or foil's wages or pay as aforesaid, until he shall receive the further directions of the commissioners of the navy thereon, by their transmitting to him a triplicate of the order of appointment before mentioned of the person therein named being appointed for re-i ceiving

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28. 125

ceiving that part of the wages allotted by such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, for the maintenance and support of his child or children; but in case of no such appointment being made, the wages of every such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall, from and after the death of his wife or mother, or the date of the 3aft payment made thereon, belong and be paid to such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, his executors, administrators, or assigns.

XX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Receipts for receipts taken from the wife or mother of every such petty officer, allotments of seaman, landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or ma- W

rine, together with the certificates of the minister and church- ment, on prowarden or churchwardens, or minister and elder or elders, as the duction of case may be, or the receipts taken from the person that may be them and cer-appointed to receive such allotment for the use of the child or ^av^officV^ children, in manner before-mentioned, in case of the death ofna^ ° Ce* such wife, together with the certificate of the minister and churchwardens or churchwarden, elders or elder, as the case may be, by every such receiver general of the land tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the cheque, being produced and delivered at the navy office, shall be immediately assigned for payment by three or more of of the navy, and shall be immediately repaid by the treasurer of the navy to such receiver general of the land tax, collector of the customs, colle<stor of the excise, or clerk of the cheque respectively, or to their respective order, who shall have paid the same to the wife or mother of such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non commissioned officer of marines, or marine, or to the person that may be appointed to receive the same for the use of the child or children, in the event of the death of such wife, in manner as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it enacted, That all and every such receipts and Receipts for certificates taken from the wife or mother of every such petty

officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, treasurer of or marine, or from the person that may be appointed in manner the navy, &c. aforesaid to receive such allotment for the use of the child or tobesufficieni children, in case of the death of the wife, together with the cer- vou^bers. tificates of the minister and churchwardens or churchwarden, elders or elder, as the case may be, by the treasurer of the navy, for payments made by him to such wife or mother, or to such person to be appointed in manner aforesaid, in case of the death, of the wife, and all the payments made by him to any receiver general of the land tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the cheque, or to their respective orders, in virtue of such alignments made by the of of the navy, or any three or more of them, as before-mentioned, shall -be deemed and taken as good and sufficient vouchers to the treasurer of the navy for so much money as shall have been paid by himself to the wife or mother of every such petty officer, seaman,

126

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28. [1795.

Regulations for payment of allotments of pay in Ireland.

On death of wives receiving allotments

man, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, or to the person that may be appointed in manner aforesaid, in the event of the death of such wife, or as shall have been directed to be paid by him to such receiver general of the land tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or cleric of the cheque, or to their respective orders, by such alignments as aforesaid, and as shall have been paid by him thereon, and (halt be allowed as such to the treasurer of the navy, in passing his accounts.

XXII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as soon as an act shall be passed by the legislator of the kingdom of Ireland, making provision for payment in that country to the wife or mother, or for or on account of the child or children of any petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, in his Majesty's navy, of the sum allotted out of his wages or pay for the maintenance and support of his wife and child or children, or mother, it shall and may be lawful to, and in the power of any petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, to desire that such part of his wages or pay, which he shall allot for the maintenance of his wife and child or children, or mother, may be paid by any collector of the revenue, or revenue officer, in Ireland, and in such case the regulating officer for entering men for the navy, or the captain or commander of such ship or vessel as aforesaid, as the case may be, is hereby required, in the lift he is hereinbefore directed to make out, to mark, in a separate column, that such payment is requested to be made in Ireland\ the name of the wife or mother of every such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, and that he has a child, or how many children, distinguishing how many of such children are boys, and the district or address of the collector or revenue officer by whom such payment is desired to be made in Ireland; and such regulating officer, or captain or commander, shall, upon the triplicates of such declaration and order for payment as are above mentioned, address the same to the collector or revenue officer in Ireland, by whom such payment is desired to be made; and the of of the navy, upon receiving such lifts, declarations, and orders as aforesaid, shall and are hereby directed to examine, number, date, and sign the same, in manner as before directed, and shall in like manner cut the said triplicates alunder through the oblique lines, flourishes, and devices, and shall cause one of the said declarations and orders to be transmitted forthwith to the person named therein, as the wife or mother of such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, and another of the said triplicates to be transmitted forthwith to the of of the revenue in Ireland, and the third of the said triplicates to be delivered forthwith to the treasurer of the navy.

XXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, in the event of the death of the wife of any petty officer, or seaman, or

landman,

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28. 127

landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, whose of pay in wife resided in Ireland, and was entitled to an allotment out of freian<?.' th, e. the wages of her husband, to be paid in Ireland, the same rules, ^ven£ -m orders, and regulations, shall be observed with respect to the ap- Great Britain pointing of a proper person in Ireland to receive the same allot- to beobserv-ment out of the wages of such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, for the main- cf

tenance of such child or children, which he may have, under triplicates of fourteen years of age, as are herein-before directed respecting appointment, the child or children of such petty officers, seamen, or landmen, non-commissioned officers of marines, or marines, whose wives shall die in Great Britain, save that the triplicate of the appointment of such person who may be appointed to receive the said allotment in Ireland, in the form and manner before-mentioned, and whichis herein-before directed to the receiver general of the land tax-collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the cheque in Great Britain, shall be transmitted to the of of the revenue in Ireland.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Allotments when any sum allotted by any petty officer, seaman, or landman, of non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, to be paid to his of therevenue wife, or mother, or for the maintenance of his child or children, in Ireland, to out of his wages or pay, shall have been actually paid by the di- be repaid by redion of the commissioners of the revenue in Ireland, such sum or sums shall be repaid by the treasurer of the navy, who is hereby directed and required to pay the same to the of of the revenue in Ireland, or to their order, upon their producing and delivering the receipt or receipts of such wife or mother, or person to be appointed as herein-before mentioned, and the certificate or certificates of the minister and churchwardens or churchwarden, or elders or elder before-mentioned, to the of of the navy, they, or any three of them, having previously assigned the same upon the treasurer of the navy for payment.

XXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Allotments to all and every sum or sums of money to be paid to the wife or oy^deducton mother, or to the person appointed to receive the same for the on penalty use of the child or children of any petty officer, or seaman, or of aol. landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, under

the authority of this act, shall be fully and completely paid to her or him without any dedudion or abatement, or under the pretence of reimbursement of any expence whatsoever, although part thereof may be in fradions of the smalleii denomination: and every person detaining or withholding any part thereof, under pretence of former privilege or usage of office, or upon or under any pretence whatsoever, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered in the same way and manner as any penalty or forfeiture in the collodion of the duties of excise and customs is directed to be levied and recovered, and shall be paid to the person suing and prosecuting for the same.

12 8

Letter s from and to the cashier of the treasurer of the navy to be free of pcft-age.

Penalty on cashier for fending under cover any paper not relating to this act.

Treasurer or paymaster of the navy, See. may inspedf muster books, See.

Petty officers, &c. making allotments of pay to be borne on the ships books for the ba-}2nce only.

Persons forging orders for payment, &c. to suffer death. 1

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III.-c.-i8. [1795.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all letters or packets lent by the cashier of the treasurer of the navy for paying seamen's tickets, in the execution of this act, in manner and form herein after directed, shall, from and after the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, be sent free from the duty of poftagfe; and all letters and packets relating to the execution of this act, that shall be forwarded by the cashier of the treasurer of the navy for paying seamen's tickets, shall be under covers, with the words* c Pursuant to ad of parliament thirty-fifth George the Third, ' printed upon the same, and the said cashier shall write his name under the same, and, he is hereby ffridly prohibited and discharged from inclosing or fending under such covers any writing, paper, or parcel whatever, excepting such as shall relate to the execution of this act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any cashier appointed or to be appointed by the treasurer of the navy to pay seamen's tickets, shall presume to fend or convey, under the covers aforesaid, any writing, paper, or pareel, other than those relating to the execution of this act, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, and such fine shall be levied and recovered in such and the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as any conviction may be made, and any penalty or fine may be levied or recovered for any offence against any law by which any duty of customs or excise is imposed or laid; and the said fine when recovered, shall be paid to the informer or informers against such offender or offenders.

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the treasurer or paymaster of his Majesty's navy, and the clerks employed or to be employed by the treasurer of the navy to carry this act into execution, shall, at all reasonable times have access to, and be entitled to inspect and peruse, the muster book or muster books of any ship or vessel whatsoever in the pay of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and all returns from hospitals, hospital ships, or lick quarters, and also to take such extracts or copies therefrom as they may think proper.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That, from and after the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, where any petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, shall make an allotment of part of his wages or pay for the support and maintenance of his wife and children, or of his mother, every such petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of-marines, or marine, shall, from and after the date of such allotment and order for payment, signed by him as aforesaid, only be rated and borne on the ship's books for the balance of his wages or pay that shall remain after deducting the sum so allotted for the maintenance of his wife and children, or mother.

XXX. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons, from and after the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly

ad

ty to direct the of of the

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 28. lz9

and assist in the false making, forging, or counterfeiting, any such declaration or order for payment, or any certificate or receipt herein before described pr mentioned* or shall utter or publish as true any such false and forged declaration, order, certificate, or receipt, to enable any person or persons to obtain payment of any wages or pay, or any part thereof, allotted as before-mentioned by any petty officer, seaman, landman, non-commi ffioned officer of marines, or marine, to be paid to or for his wife and children, or mother, in manner herein-before mentioned, then every such person or persons, being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.*

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the lord high admiral of Great Britain, ox the of The admiral* for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain,

shall direct the of of the navy to deliver sufficient quantities of blank declarations and orders for payment in the navy to deforms prescribed by this act, to all regulating officers employed liver to regu-in raising men Tor his Majesty's navy, and to all captains and lat, n£ officer^ commanding officers in his Majesty's navy and the said lord forrn^ofde-high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for execut- clafations and ing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, shall direct orders of the treasurer of the navy to cause to be printed an abstract: of Payment> the provisions and regulations contained in this act, and to fend and tre9-- or deliver a competent number of copies thereof to the principal printed^ officers and of of his Majesty's navy, to the com-and delivered missioners of the customs and commissioners of excise in Englandanabftradt of and Scotland, and to the clerks of the cheque in his Majesty's the provHiona dock yards, who are hereby ftridUy ordered and enjoined to hang °he commis° up and affix the same in some conspicuous part of their several sioners of the offices, and to publish and promulgate the same as much as may navy, &c. be in their respective departments; and the said lord high ad-Admiralty to miral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the cause copies office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, are further directed^d^hveTed° to cause a competent number of the copies of the said abstract to to captains of be delivered to the captain or commander of every ship or vessel ships to be in his Majesty's service, for the use of every such ship or vessel, read over with and such captain or commander is hereby directed and required Paired-to publish, promulgate, and read over the said abstradi, at the e(j Qe0a same time, in the same manner, and under the same penalties and forfeitures as are directed (with respect to the articles of war and former acts relating to his Majesty's navy) by the aof the thirty-second year of King George the Third, intituled An act for extending certain aids therein mentioned to petty officers andfa-men, non-comm ffioned officers, of marines, and marines, fern ing, or who may have served on board any of his Majesty's ships, and ref ding in Ireland.

c. 67.

Vol. XL. K G A P«

130 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 29.

[1795'.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for raising a certain number of, in the several

Jlevoartries, royal burghs, and towns., that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of his Majesty's navy.

[April

28, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS expedient for the publick service, that the most effectual means should he adopted for providing a speedy supply of men, to serve in his Majesty's navy \ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That there shall be levied within that part of Great Britain to be levied in called Scotland, in the several counties or stewartries, and royal Scotland in burghs and towns, herein after mentioned, such able-bodied men to serve his Majesty in the navy of Great Britain, at such times and in such manner as herein after is directed; and that the number of men to be levied by virtue of this act shall be as follows; (that is to say).

Men to serve in the navy

the proportions following

For the county of Aberdeen one hundred and forty-one. For the city of Aberdeen twenty-two.

For the burgh of Kintore one.

For the burgh of Inver ary one.

For the county of Ayr sixty.

For the burgh of Ayr five.

For the burgh of Irvine two.

For the town of Kilmarnock eighteen.

For the county of Argyll ninety.

For the burgh of Inverary two.

For the burgh of Camhellton two.

For the county of Bute eight.

For the burgh of Rothfay two.

For the county of Berwick thirty-three.

For the burgh of Lauder two.

For the county of Banff iorty-seven.

For the burgh of Banff n.

For the burgh of Cullen one.

For the county of Caithness twenty-three.

For the burgh of Wick two.

For the town of Thurso Rx.

For the county of Cromarty eight.

For the county of Clackmannan nine.

(jjOCK^Ic

For

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 29.

For the county of Dumfries forty-one*

For the burgh of Annan two.

For the burgh of Dumfries eleven*

For the burgh of Lochmaben one.

For the burgh of Sanquhar one*

For the county of Dunbarton sixteen.

For the burgh of Dunbarton tout*

For the county of Edinburgh sixty.

For the city of Edinburgh, including the liberties of Canotigate^ Pleasance, South and North Leith, and Coalhili} sixty.

For the town of Dalkeith five.

For the town of Musselburgh five.

For the county of Elgin thirty-eight.

For the burgh of Elgin four.

For the burgh of Forres two.

For the county of Fife eighty-eight.

For the burgh of Cupar four.

For the burgh of Dunfirmline seven.

For the burgh of Inverkeithing one.

For the burgh of Bruntifand two.

For the burgh of Kingkorn one.

For the burgh of Kirkaldy four.

For the burgh of Dyfart two. '

For the burgh of Anfruther Easter one*

For the burgh of Anfruther IVefer one*

For the burgh of Craill one.

For the burgh of Kilrenny one.

For the burgh of Pittenweem one.

For the burgh of Saint Andrew's four.

For the county of Forfar sixty-four.

For the burgh of Brechin three.

For the burgh of Dundee twenty-two*

For the burgh of Forfar three.

For the burgh of Montrose three.

For the burgh of Arbroath three.

For the county of Haddington thirty-five.

For the burgh of Haddington four.

For the burgh of Dunbar three.

For the burgh of North Benvick one.

For the county of Inverness seventy-four.

For the burgh of Inverness eleven.

For the county of Kinross fix.

For the county of Kincardine thirty-two.

For the burgh of Inverbervie one.

For the stewartry of Kirkcudbright twenty-feveri*

For the burgh of Kirkcudbright three.

k 2 For

*32 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 29. [1795.

For the county of Lanerk fifty-five.

For the city of Glasgow fifty-seven.

For the town of Hamilton two.

For the burgh of Lanerk one.

For the burgh of Ruglen one.

For the county of Linlithgow eighteen.

For the burgh of Linlithgow four.

For the burgh of ghieensferry one.

For the county of Nairne fix.

For the burgh of Nairne two.

For Orkney thirty-four.

For th^ burgh of Kirhvall three.

For Zetland eighteen.

For the county of Peebles ten.

For the burgh of Peebles three. 3

For the county of Perth one hundred and fifty-two,

' For the burgh of Perth eighteen.

For the burgh of Culross one.

For the county of Renfrew twenty.

For the burgh of Renfrew one.

For the town of Paisley, and the villages of Neivtouriy William Jkurg., Smiihhillsy Carriagehillsy Maxweltomy and Millerjloun9 twenty.

For the town of Port Glasgow one.

For the town of Greenock four.

For the county of Ross fifty-six.

For the burgh of Tain two.

For the burgh of Dingwall two.

For the burgh of Fortrofe one.

For the county of Roxburgh forty-three?

For the town of Kelso five.

For the burgh of Jedburgh two.

For the county of Selkirk four.

For the burgh-of Selkirk two.

For the county of Stirling eighteen.

For the burgh of Stirling five.

For the county of Sutherland twenty-nine.

For the burgh of Dornock one.

For the county of Wigtoun forty-nine.

For the burgh of Wigtoun two.

For the burgh of Whitehorn one.

For the burgh of New Galloway one: and for the burgh of Stranraer four.

Admiralty to JJ, And further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That cers°to regu- i* &all and maybe lawful for the commissioners for executing late the admis- the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, fionofmen. - and

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 29. 133

and they are hereby required to constitute and appoint so many officers to regulate the admission of men to be levied under the authority of this a6fc for his Majesty's service, as the said of shall deem necessary, who, being so respectively appointed, shall establish convenient places of rendezvous for the reception of such men; and every man so to be levied shall, before his inrolment, be examined by one Such regulating officer at the least, as to his ability to Serve his Majesty; and every Such officer shall have the full power of approving or of rejecting any man tendered to Serve his Majesty, Subject nevertheless to Such controul and superintendance as by this act is particularly directed.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Clerks of the clerks of the peace of the Said Several counties and stewartries in Scotland, (excepting the counties of Inverness, Ross, Cromarty, fe]^on of the1 Sutherland, and Caithness, and the stewartry of Orkney and Zet-- justices. land), shall, within fifteen days after the passing of this aand the clerks of the peace of the said counties of Inverness, Rosy Cromarty, Sutherland, and Caithness, and of the said stewartry of Orkney 2nd Zetland, shall, within twenty-five days after the passing of this act, or Sooner if it can be done, cause an advertisement to be published in Some one newspaper published, or usually circulated within the county, Summoning the justices of the peace of the Said different counties and stewartries to meet in general session upon a day to be mentioned in Such advertisement, and at the usual place where the justices of each county Severally are accustomed to meet; and the justices, when assembled at Such meeting, shall Session to af-proceed to distinguish and ascertain the valued rent of the different parishes within the county or stewartry, and apportion the eSj andappor-number of men to be raised for each county or stewartry upon tion the mim-the several parishes, according to the proportion which the valua- her of men to tion of such parish bears to the total valuation of the county; eL^coun^1' and the said justices shall have power to adjourn till the duty incumbent on them by this a St is fully discharged, so as such adjournment shall only be from day to day, Sundays excepted.

IV. And be it further enacted, That immediately after mak- Justices to ing such apportionment ineach shire or stewartry, the justices of cause their the peace in and for the same shall cause their clerk to transmit to ^it the ministers of the several parishes within the shire or stewartry, ters anintima-other than parishes comprehended within the royal burghs and tion to be read towns herein-before mentioned, an intimation to be read from the b*om the pul-pulpit the first day of divine Service after receiving the lame, heritors1?©0^ requiring the heritors of the parish to meet, by themselves or meet to airedt agents, within five days from the time of the intimation being measures for so made at the parish church or manse of the said parish; and the procuring heritors, or their said agents, shall meet accordingly, and at Such mcn' c' meeting shall direct Such measures to be taken as to them shall Seem most expedient to procure the number of men apportioned on the parish, by the payment of bounty money, and to have the men procured delivered over to the regulating officer appointed to pass and receive them, within ten days after the meeting; and in case the Heritors to said number of days shall elapse without the quota of men appor- Pay a5h for

k 3 tioned

134 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 29. [1795.

each man de- tioned upon the parish being produced, delivered over, and passed* taCie&c°^U°" t^ien t^le heritors °^uch parish shall be liable, in the first instance,

to pay unto the collector of the cess for the county or stewartry

' within which the parish is situated, a sum of money equal to

twenty-five pounds sterling for each man of the quota required from the parish deficient, such deficiency being certified under the hand of the regulating officer of the distritft, and copies of his certificate delivered to the minister of the parish, and to the clerk of the peace for the shire or stewartry in which the parish is situ-and ifnotpaid, ated; and in case the said heritors shall fail to make such payment the justices to within the time above-mentioned, then the justices of the peace rishes for defi county or stewartry shall immediately assess the parish in

ciencies &c. the ftim ^ue for its deficiency at the rate aforesaid, according to the valued rent of the parish, ascertained by them in manner aforesaid, and shall order the collector of the land tax for such county or stewartry, and he is hereby authorised and required, without loss of time, to recover the same from the heritors of such parish, in the same manner, and by the same means, as he is empowered by law to recover and render the land tax effectual. Bounties to be V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the paid by the bounty monies to men procured by the heritors of the several mayraife the° Pai'5ftles shall, in the first place, be provided and paid by the said amount on the heritors, and an account kept thereof, and at the elapse of the parishesagree- time before-mentioned, when the sum of twenty-five pounds for to act 1663. each man then deficient is appointed to be recovered and paid as aforesaid, in order to defray the expence of the bounties to be given to the said men, it shall be lawful to the heritors in the said parishes, or such of them as have advanced the bounty monies, or to any person authorised by them, to raise a sum equal to the whole of the money so advanced and paid by them upon the parish, agreeably to the act of the parliament of Scotland which was passed in the reign of Charles the Second, in the year one thousand six hundred and sixty-three, chapter sixteen, and the proclamations of the privy council of Scotland in the reign of King William, ratified by an act of the parliament of Scotland, which was passed in the same reign, first September one thousand six hundred and ninety-eight, chapter twenty-first.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in the case aforesaid of the number of men allotted to any parish not be-

assess inhabit ra^e<^ ar, d delivered over as above directed within the time tants. See. in a before limited, and the sum of twenty-five pounds for each defi-moiety of the dent man being raised from the heritors as before directed, then the heritors paving shall be, and they are hereby authorised to assess the tenants, inhabitants, and pofieftors, of such parish, in a moiety of the sum so paid, to be Jevjed in the same manner as they are empowered to do by the aforesaid acts of the parliament of Scotland.

VII. And be it enacted, That in case any person or persons shall refuse or delay to pay his, her, or their proportion of the sum or sums so afleiied or imposed, within the time appointed for payment thereof, the same shall, upon a complaint to the sheriff or

ble c. 16, Scc.

Heritors paying for defi-

sum.

Assessment may be recovered by distress.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 29. 135

stewart depute of the shire or stewartry, or his substitute, by the procurator fifcai of the county or stewartry, be recovered and rendered effectual by distress and sale of the effedis of the person or persons refilling or delaying so to pay.

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in ^ev^dene^of all cases where there is not sufficient evidence of the valued rent rent 0p

of lands, the apportionments and assessments hereby dirediedfha.il lands, aiTefT-be made according to the customary payment of the cess or land merits to be tax, or in such other way as to the justices of the peace of each Pade <|?co1rc*'| shire or stewartry, assembled as aforesaid, shall seem best j and in .°an*j^case there be no acting justice of the peace within any district, where there the duty and powers by this act made incumbent on or given to are no acting the justices shall be performed and exercised by the flier iff depute or substitute for such district, and the duties of the clerk of the e

peace by the sherifT or stewart clerk, or his deputies.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices may said justices at their laid meetings to add together, whenever they twoor^more shall think it necessary, two or more parishes for the raising any parishes for man or number of men in pursuance of this act, so as to make raising men, the charge as equal, and impartial, and convenient as possible; &c«

and the heritors of the parishes so added together, or their agents, shall proceed to raise the proportion of men allotted for the same, and to raise the money necessary; and all the other proceedings directed by this act shall take place in like manner as if the parishes so joined did originally or bylaw form but one parish; and the justices shall, in the case of such jundtion, direct where the heritors of the parishes joined shall meet: and the said heritors are hereby directed and required to meet at the place so appointed accordingly, by themselves or their agents.

X. And be it further enacted, That where any parish lies in The charge two or more counties or stewartries, the charge imposed on such ^arhh parish for raising men for his Majesty's service by this act shall ingin two

be in the shire or stewartry where the church belonging to such counties to be parish is situated, and the whole of such parish shall, for the pur- made in that poses of this act, be deemed part of the said shire or stewartry, and ^ch^situ-all the money to be levied for or in respect of such parish, in pur- ated, &c. fuance of this act, shall be paid to and recovered by the officers'of the same.

XI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case Penalty on any regulating officer shall fail to make his certificate, and to Q^e^aiKl cause copies thereof to be delivered as herein-before directed, he procurator shall for every such failure be liable in the penalty of thirty-one fifcai for neg-pounds ten shillings, to be recovered by summary complaint made left.

oy the procurator fifcai of the county or stewartry to the sheriff or stewart depute; and in case the procurator fifcai shall fail in his duty in any of the articles before-mentioned, then he shall be liable in a penalty of thirty-one pounds ten shillings for each failure, to be recovered by a summary complaint to the sheriff or stewart depute by the regulating officer, the collector of the land tax, or any heritor of the parish.

336 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 29. [1795.

Orders of

XII. And be it further enacted, That the orders or decrees of filial S? ^leri's or Ewarts depute, and of the justices of the peace in

any of the cases before-mentioned, and in all proceedings held under this act shall be final and conclqfive as to all parties, and shall not be removeable by bill of suspension, advocation, or any other form or process of law, into any superior or other court whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the magistrates of the several cities, royal burghs, and towns, in this act mentioned* except the burghs and towns to the north-take measures ward of Inverness, shall within ten days after the passing of this for levying act, and the magistrates of the several burghs, and towns in this men, and may act mentioned, situated north ot Inverness, shall, within twenty-levy money to flVe (jayS after passing of the same, or sooner if it ca

Magistrates within a limited time to

bounties.

can be done,

take such measures as shall seem to them most expedient for levying the number of able-bodied men, according to the proportions herein-before allotted for each of the said cities, royal burghs, ancj towns; and they shall be, and they are hereby authorised to levy from the heritors, burgedes, and inhabitants, of such cities, burghs, and towns, a sum not exceeding twenty-five pounds per man, for paying the bounties they may fee proper to give to such men as are actually levied, not exceeding the numbers allotted for such city, burgh, or town, by this act, in such manner, and by the same proportions, as the cess, dent, and other publick burdens and contributions are in use and by law afieded and levied in such cities, burghs, and towns respectively; and the men so levied shall be delivered over by the said magistrates to the regulating officer appointed to act for that place in manner aforesaid.

XIV. And be it enacted, That in case the magistrates of any of the said cjties, royal burghs, or towns, shall not have raised its full complement of men accepted of by the regulating officer within fifteen days after they are herein-before directed to take measures for that end, then the said magistrates shall dent and af-

magistrates to fess the heritors and inhabitants in a sum equal to twenty-five poundsfor each man deficient, and shall levy the sum so afieded in the same manner, and according to the same proportions, that the cess and other publick contributions are in use to be levied by law in such city, burgh, or town, and the said sum shall be paid to the collector of the cess for such city, burgh, or town, or where there is no collector of the cess for such city, burgh, or town, then to the collector of the cess for the shire or dewartry within which such city, burgh, or town, is situated, to answer and pay the bounty money given to men levied to supply the deficiency, until the whole number allotted for such city, burgh, or town, shall be completed.

XV. And be it enacted, That in case the magistrates of any of the said cities, burghs, or towns, shall negle6I or refuse to adefs and dent the heritors and inhabitants thereof for the sums of money for which such city, burgh, or town, may be liable in case of deficiency as aforesaid, or to levy, apply, and pay over the same

in

If the complement of men is not raised within a limited time, the

a fie fs the heritors and inhabitants for the deficiency.

Magistrates neglecting to make afllff-ments for deficiencies, to be personally liable* &c.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 29. 137

in manner and for the purposes aforesaid, then the magistrates of such city, burgh, or town, making default, shall be personally liable in a penalty equal to the sum deficient, to be recovered by summary complaint to the sheriff depute, at the instance of the procurator fiscal of the sheriff*court, within the jurisdiction whereof such city, burgh, or town, making default, is situated; and the Turns so recovered shall be paid over and applicable in the same way that the Turns are by this act directed to be applied in the case of the magistrates levying the same from the heritors and inhabitants.

XVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ^ard^art of where parishes are partly landward and partly within burgh, parifljgS to be the landward part of the parish shall be considered as part of deemed part the shire or stewartry liable for its proportion of the men allotted of the ftiire; by this act to be raised in or for the same, and the part within ^hin^h^8 burgh shall be included in the allotment for the burgh. 'burgh, part of

XVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it the same, shall be lawful for any justice of the peace, or any sheriff*justices, &c. or stewart depute, or substitute, or chief magistrate resident in may direct a any city, burgh, or town, in this act mentioned, before whom ot boun-any person shall be brought to be examined touching his consent ^need to^o"-to enter into his Majesty's service, to direct that any sum, not lunteers on exceeding one third part of the bounty agreed to be paid to him on their being his engaging to serve shall be advanced to such person, or to such brought for of his family, and in such proportions, as he shall request at the and h^refi- time of his inrolment herein after mentioned; and that the refi- due to remain due of such bounty shall be paid into the hands of the collector in the hands of of the cess for the shire or stewartry, burgh or town, to which the collector the said person belongs, or for which he is inlisted, there to the ^re^mut remain until the same shall become payable to such person, on tered on his being muflered on board any of his Majesty's ships of war. board.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That every person who shall agree Volunteers to to enter himself as a volunteer in such service as aforesaid, shall be brought be produced before the officer or officers appointed to regulate J^areftVegu-such service at the neared place of rendezvous to any parish or lating officer, place for which such volunteer shall agree to serve; and in case and, if ap-such officer or officers shall, on examination, approve of such proved, before volunteer to serve his Majesty, then such volunteer or volunteers ^hjf"ffial/cer^ may forthwith be brought before any such justice, sheriff depute, tify their en-or substitute, or chief magistrate, resident as aforesaid, acting intering, &c. s and for the parish or place; and in case it shall appear to such justice, sheriff depute, or substitute, or magistrate, that such person or persons hath or have voluntarily entered himself or themselves in the service of his Majesty's navy, then they are hereby required forthwith to certify under their hands that such person or persons hath or have voluntarily entered himself or themselves in the service of his Majesty's navy, and at the foot of such certi-A ficate enter the amount of the Turns to be paid as bounty or bounties to such volunteer or volunteers, on his or their entering into such service, and the Turns (if any) which have been directed to b.e advanced to him or them at the time of his or their inrolment;

n8

when certificates are delivered, volunteers to be in rolled.

If regulating officers reject volunteers, the heritors orma-gistrates may apply to the sheriff depute, &c.

Regulating officer, before hearing complaint, to write his res ions lor rejection.

Sheriffs order final.

If men are not procured by the heritors or magistrates, persons authorised by his Majesty may produce substitutes, or volunteers may offer themselves as such to any justice, &c.

who shall settle the bounty, certify content, &c. and order the collector of the cess to pay the bounty.

Certificates or copies to be tranl'mitted with the persons inrollea to the commanding officer of the ship, who shall make out a

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 29. [1795.

tnent; and which certificates shall be delivered to such regulating officer, and he shall thereupon cause such person or persons to be inrolled in his Majesty's naval service.

XIX. And be it enacted, That in case the regulating officer at the nearest place of rendezvous aforesaid shall reject any person or persons produced before him as such volunteer or volunteers as unfit to serve his Majesty, and the heritors of any parish, or magistrates of any burgh or town, for which such person or persons shall have been tendered to serve, shall think themselves aggrieved by the rejection, it shall and may be lawful for any one of such heritors or magistrates to apply by summary complaint to the sheriff or stewart depute, or substitute, of the shire or stewartry, who shall cause the said complaint to be served on the said regulating officer or officers, directing him to answer the same within a time to be limited, not exceeding six days, and he or they, on receiving such notice, shall, and they are hereby required, before the time of hearing the matter of the said complaint, to set down his reasons in writing for such rejection, and such writing being exhibited to the sheriff or stewart deputes, or their substitute, they shall do therein what shall seem to them in their discretion expedient, and their order shall be final and conclusive.

XX. And be it enacted, That in all cases where default shall be made in procuring and delivering men by the heritors or magistrates as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any person or persons, having authority under his Majesty to provide men for the service of the navy, to produce any person or persons, substitute orfubfti-tutes, or for any such person or persons voluntarily to come before any justice of the peace, sheriff or stewart depute, or substitute, or chief magistrate resident of the county, district, or place, respectively for which they are produced or come, and be examined as to their consent to serve in his Majesty's navy, assubstitutes for such parishes or places respectively, and who shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to settle the bounty or bounties to be paid for such substitute; and such justices shall, in case any such persons shall be approved of by the regulating officer as aforesaid, certify such consent and approbation, and the bounties agreed to be paid, in the manner herein-before directed with respect to volunteers; and the said justices shall thereupon make an order upon the collector of the cess for the shire or stewartry, or burgh or town, for which such substitute is inrolled, to pay the bounty money out of the money in the hands of such collector, arising from the assessments made for and in the parish or place for which such substitute or substitutes is or are admitted.

XXI. And be it enacted, That every such certificate so granted, or a full and true copy thereof, signed by the regulating officer, shall in all cases be transmitted alongst with the person inrolled, and delivered to the commanding officer of the ship or vessel on board which such person shall be entered to serve, and such commanding officer shall, within four days from the time of such person being mustered and rated on board such ship, or before such ship or veil'd

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 29. 139

shall proceed to sea, make out a ticket or tickets for the payment ticket for the

of the bounty money agreed to be paid to such person, and then ^, un yGue>

+remaining due, in such manner as if such money had become due to such person on account of arrears of wages as a seaman on board such ship or vessel, and such bounty money shall and may be paid to such person, or to his family, in the manner directed by the acts regulating the payment of the wages of seamen employed in

the royal navy, the money being paid by the collector of the cess

for the particular shire, stewartry, or burgh or town.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person Disqualified shall be received or inrolled in his Majesty's service by virtue of be^nrohed. ° this acct, who is not, in the opinion of the regulating officer or officers, such an able-bodied man as is St to serve his Majesty,

and is free from ruptures, and every other diffemper or infirmity

which may render him unfit to perform his duty in the navy; or who, in the opinion cf such officer or officers, shall appear to be under the age of sixteen years, or above the age of forty-nve

years; nor any person being an articled clerk or apprentice (unless with the consent of the master of such clerk or apprentice); But no such

nor any person inlisted in any of his Majesty's forces, or already person if in-

entered in his Majesty's navy; nor any deserter: provided that no as

person inrolled by virtue of this act shall by reason of any such dif- being an ar-

qualification, as being a clerk, or apprentice, orenlisted, or entered, tided clerk,

or being a deserter, be liable to be discharged from his Majesty's &c- unless

service, or taken out of the same, unless notice in writing of such

r ?r.7 0, diiqualinca-

duqualincation shall be given to the officer or officers under whole tion be given command such person shall be, before the time of his entering on before his en-board any of his Majesty's ships of war as asailor, and before the tcring on bounty hereby authorised to he paid, or any part thereof, shall ^3re*

have been paid or satisfied to him. bounty.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That all the laws and regulations Laws atrainst established against deserters from his Majesty's naval service, and deserters, &c. against persons harbouring or concealing deserters, shall attach to extend to upon and be conllrued to comprehend the cases of persons inrolled j^10118 inlol- by virtue of this adh,

XXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Men inrolled quarter and billet the men inrolled in his Majesty's service, by the virtue of this act, while on shore, in such manner, and at such rjnes> times and places respectively, and under such and the like powers,

rules, regulations, rellridtions, and provisions, as his Majesty's marine forces may be quartered and billetted by an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled, 'An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on floorey or by any other act in force for the regulation of his Majesty's said marine forces.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all the expences incur- Expences of red in the execution of this act, (including such gratifications for executing this the trouble of the clerks of the peace, and other officers, who are^respectively required to execute this act, as shall be deemed ade- respective quate for their trouble by the j uHices of the peace or sheriff depute, counties, Scc. or substitute, or resident chief magistrate as aforesaid), shall be

defrayed by the several counties, ftev/artries, burghs, and towns,

severally; '

Collectors of the land tax may advance bounties.

of the treasury, &c*

140 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 29. [1795.

severally; and the collectors of the land tax in the Several counties, stewartries, and burghs, are hereby empowered to assess and levy the Said expence along with the land tax, according to the rules and proportions herein-before mentioned.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That until the money to be raised by virtue of this act shall be actually recovered and paid in to the Several collectors, that the respective collectors oSthe land tax, out oS the publick money in their hands, shall, and are hereby authorised and required to advance and pay Such Sums as may be necessary Sor payment of bounties to Such persons as shall be approved of by the regulating officers. Persons receiv-

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the collectors of the iiifder^htJact ce*-sn ^evera^ counties, stewartries, burghs, and towns, herein-to be liable as before mentioned, and all other persons into whose hands money publick ac- raised or contributed under or in pursuance of this act shall be countants. paid. shall be liable for the Same as publick accountants; and all Surplus to be Surplus money remaining, after satisfying the purposes of this act, ^a^ be at disposal of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, to be applied in providing men for the augmentation of his Majesty's navy, in Such manner as in their discretion shall Seem expedient; and the said collectors and receivers shall transmit an account of Such Surplus money to his Majesty's treasury accordingly, within thirty days after Such Surplus shall arise, and the usual process shall and may issue for compelling an account and payment thereof.

XXVIII. And whereas the regulating officer appointed to receive and pass the men as above-mentioned may not be able to go through the examination of such men at the different places of rendezvous within his disirift, in the [pace of ten days after the meeting of the heritors for the purposes above-mentioned; be it enacted, That Such regulating officer may intimate to the clerks of the peace of each county or stewartry, and chief residing magistrate of each burgh or town situated within his district, that he will be ready to receive Such men as they may have procured, at Such particular place of-reiv-dezvous, and on Such Several successive days, as he may find absolutely necessary, to enable him to travel without loss of time, to receive men. and with all Suitable dispatch, from one place of rendezvous to another, in the several counties, burghs, and towns, within his district; and the clerk of the peace shall forthwith give notice to the minister of each parish within the county, or, in his absence, to the precentor or session clerk of the Same, of the place of rendez-minister, when vous, and the particular day on which the heritors of Such parish the volunteers are respectively to produce and deliver over Such volunteer or ^r°- volunteers as aforesaid, or in default thereof to be liable in the heritors ^or 6 Pena^y of twenty-fiye pound5 sterling above-mentioned for each 25l. to be p iid man of their quota deficient, to be levied, recovered, and applied, for each man as herein directed; and the chief resident magistrate of each burgh deficient. or town is in like manner to produce and deliver over at such

Chief magis- place of rendezvous, on Such day as the regulating; officer shall

trates to be*7 j do

liable in 25l. notify Such volunteer or volunteers apportioned on each, or in

for each man default thereof to be liable as aforesaid in the penalty of twenty-

not produced. five

Regulating

officers may intimate to clerks of the peace, and chief magistrates, when and where he will be ready

Clerks of the peace to give notice of the same to the

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 30. 143

five pounds for each man deficient, to be levied, recovered, and applied, as herein directed.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That if any action shall be brought limitation of against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of a 1 s'

this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within six months after the fad committed, and not afterwards.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Adtmaybe act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be

made in this present session of parliament. itiTion

CAP. XXX.

An act for granting to his Majesty several additional duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; and for repealing a certain exception as far as relates to bonds given as security for the payment of one hundred pounds or under, contained in an act of the twenty-third year of his present Majestfs reign, — [April 28, 1795 -

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most: dutiful and loyal subjects, the com- Preamble, mons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue as shall be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be made, or flock to be created, by virtue of any act or acts for that purpose to be passed in this session of parliament, have freely and voluntarily refqlved to give and grant unto your Majesty the duties herein after mentioned; and do most: humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and.be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July From July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, there shall be the following raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great ^dnonal Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and fuc- 1CS ° e^ai cefiors, the several new and additional stamp duties following; that is to say.

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of Affidavits for paper, upon which any affidavit shall be ingossed, written, or whkh 6d. is printed, for which the stamp duty of sixpence is payable by q€J % % virtue of an act made in the thirty-second year of the reign of 6d. his late Majesty, there shall be charged the additional stamp duty of sixpence:

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece Copies of such of paper, upon which any copy of such affidavit as is before affidavits read charged, that shall be filed or read in any court, shall be ingrof- mcou?'tj fed, written, or printed, there shall be charged the additional stamp duty of sixpence;

For

Depositions taken before the courts of sessions, Scc. ful.

Original writs (except where a writ of capias issues) fub poena, &c. is*

Agreement for which 6s. are payable by act 23 Geo. 3.

Indentures, See. for which is. is payable by a(ft 23, Geo. 3. £s.

Additional duties on probates of wills, or letters of administra-tioxi.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 30.

[179

For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any deposition or depositions of a witness or witnesses, taken in any cause or suit before the court of sessions, or commission of tiends, or court of admiralty in Scotland, or commissary court of Edinburgh, or in any civil cause before any inferior court in Scotland, or whereupon any affidavit or written deposition, produced in the court of exchequer in Scotland, shall beingrossed, written, or printed, there shall be charged an additional stamp duty of sixpence: For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any original writ, (except such original upon which a writ of capias issues), fubpeena, bill of Middlesex, lattitat, writ of capias, quomlnus, writ of dedlmuspotejlatum to take answers, examine witnesses, or appoint guardians, or any other writ whatsoever, or any other process or mandate that shall issue out or pass the great seals of any of the courts at Westminster, courts of great sessions in Wales, courts in the counties palatine, or any other court whatsoever holding plea, where the debt or damage doth amount to forty fh'Uings, or above, or the thing in demand is of that value, (writs of covenant for levying fines, writs of entry for suffering common recoveries, and writs of habeas corpus, always excepted), there shall be charged an additional (lamp duty of one shilling: For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which any agreement shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, for which the stamp duty of six shillings is payable by virtue of an act made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, there shall be charged an additional ffamp duty of one shilling:

For every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, in Great Britain, any indenture, lease, bond, or other deed, for which a {lamp duty of one shilling is payable by virtue of an act, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, there shall be charged an additional stamp duty of one shilling: And for every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any probate of a will, or letters of administration, for any estate of or above the value of one thousand pounds, over and above all other rates and duties already imposed thereon, there shall be charged a further additional duty of two pounds and ten shillings; and where the estate is of or above the value of two thousand pounds, a further additional duty of two pounds and ten shillings; and where the estate is of or above the value of five thousand pounds, a further additional duty of five pounds; and where the estate is of or above the value of ten thousand pounds, a further additional duty of ten pounds.

Duties to be

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, under the for the more effectual levying, collecting, and paying, all the said management duties hereinbefore granted, the same shall be under the government.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 30, 143

ment, care, and management, of the commissioners for the time of commit being appointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum,

parchment, and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowerd to employ the necessary officers under them for that purpose; and, in order to denote the duties payable by virtue of this act, whenever they fee occasion, to use such {lamps as shall have been heretofore provided to denote any former duties on stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, or to cause new (lamps to be provided for that purpose, or one new {lamp to denote the former duties, and also the duties granted by this act; and to alter or renew the same respectively from time to time, and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this act in execution, with relation to the said several duties herein-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample a manner, as they or the major part of them are authorised to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, or paper.

III. And whereas by an act, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his 23 ^eo/ 3- c* Majesty several additional and new duties upon stamped vellum, iecite*parchment, and paper; and also for repealing certain exemptions from the stamp duties, it was enacted, 'That, from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, there should be raised, leviedcolic ft ed, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto the use of his Majesty, his heirs andfaccessors, the rates and duties following; that is to say, For every skin or piece of vellum or parch?nent, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which j, hall be ingrossed, written, or printed, in Great Britain, any indenture, lease, or other deed, for which a stamp duty of one fulling and sixpence is payable by virtue of an act, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (except bonds given as security for the payment of any sum or sums of money), there shall be charged an additional stamp duty of one /lulling: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Exemption'in That, from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven fecjt, ed act of

.. /- .^J J J -.hnnHs. tnr

bonds, as far as relates to

hundred and ninety-five, the said exception, as far as the same relates to bonds given as security for the payment of any sum or bonds for iool. sums of money amounting to one hundred pounds, or any less and under, sum, shall be, and is hereby repealed. repealed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Persons coun-if any person shall counterfeit.or forge, or cause or procure to be terfeiting counterfeited or forged, any (lamp to resemble any (lamp di- d^th*0 reeled or allowed to be used by this act, for the purpose of denot- c ing the duties by this act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties, or shall utter, vend, or fell, any vellum, parchment, or paper, liable to any (lamp duty by this act imposed, with such counterfeit (lamp of mark thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit, or shall privately or fraudulently use any (lamp directed or allowed to be used by this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty of the said duties; then every person (o offending, and being thereof lawfully u convidledj

tend to this act

Duties to be

144 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 50. [1795.

convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy, former acts V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That not hereby al- powers, provisions, articles, clauses, penalties, and forfeitures, tered, to ex- and distributions of penalties and forfeiture?, and all other matters and things prescribed or appointed by any former act or acts of parliament relating to the stamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, (and not hereby altered), shall (as far as the same are applicable) be of full force and effect with relation to the additional duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing, the said additional duties, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby re-enacted with relation to the said additional duties.

aid to there And further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

ceWer°general t^ie monies fifing by the several duties hereby granted or made of Ramps, See. payable, shall be paid from time to time into the hands of the receiver general for the time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall pay the same, the necessary charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same being deducted, into the receipt of the exchequer at such time and in such manner as the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid, and the said money so paid into the said receipt as aforesaid shall be carried to, and made part of the consolidated fund.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the monies arising or to arise of the several rates or duties hereby granted, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the

honed by any increased charge occasioned by any loan made, or flock created °*r or to be created by virtue of any act or acts passed or to be passed

L lion' in this session of parliament; and that the said monies shall, dur-

ing the space of ten years next ensuing, be paid into the said receipt distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books in which all the monies arising from the said rates and duties, paid into the said receipt, shall, together with the rqoaies arising from any other rates and duties granted in thisffession of parliament for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or sucessors, upon any account whatever.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, 'or prosecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing, herein contained, such person or persons shall or may plead

General issue- the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the

defendant

Duties to be applied in defraying any increased charge occa-

1795-2 Anno I'egni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 31. 145

defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become non-

[Treble costs.]

suited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs

awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs*

CAP. XXXI.

An act for extending the provisions of an act, made in the thirty fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to cutters, lugger s± fh allops, wherries[macks, or yawls, of any built whatever; for amending an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, more effectually to secure the performance of quarantine, and for amending several laws relative to the revenue of customs, for amending an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the relief of the captors f

of prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom; and for authorising the commissioners of excise at Edinburgh to grant licences to mannfafturers and dealers in tobacco and fnujf, within the limits of the chief office of excise at Edinburgh.

[April 28, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the last session of parliaments

for making more effectual an act, made in the twenty- 54. Geo. 3. c, fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, cfor the more S°> recited,

effectual prevention of smuggling in this kingdom'; it is enacted.,

That every cutter, lugger, shallop, wherry, smack, or yawl, belonging in the whole or in part to any of his Majesty" s subjects of the built in the said recited act particularly described, which should be found or discovered to have been within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within the distance of four leagues from the coast thereof, or within the distance therein particularly specified, should be forfeited, together with all the goods laden thereon, and all her guns, tackle, and furniture: and whereas it is expedient that the provisions of the said act should be extended to every cutter, lugger, shallop, wherry, smack, or yawl, belonging in the whole or in part to his Majesty's subjects, of any built whatsoever: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the provisions Provinces of of the said act shall extend, and are hereby declared to extend, to recited a ft to every cutter, lugger, shallop, wherry, smack, or yawl, belonging tersn&c°of^in the whole or in part to his Majesty's subjects, of any built any built, whatsoever the same may be.

II. And whereas by an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act more effectually to8 Geo. 3. c. secure the performance of quarantine; and for amending several 34> recited, laws relating to the revenue of customs; the commissioners of his Majesty's customs and excise in England for the time being, or any four or more of them, and the commissioners of his Majesty's customs in Scotland for the time being, or any three or more of them, are authorised and required respectively, out of any monies in their hands arising from his Majesty's Share of seizures, to reward any officer or officers of the customs and excise who shall seize any vessel or boat which Voi, XL. L by

Commissioners of excise in Scotland may regard their officers as the commissioners of

thorised by la ft recited act.

23 Geo. 3. c. $4, recited j

146 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 31.

[1795.*

by law shall be liable to be broken up after condemnation, and shall not be used in his Majesty's service in the manner in the said act mentioned: and whereas it is expedient that the commissioners of excise in Scotland should be authorised and required to reward officers of excise in Scotland ?naking seizure of vessels or boats in like manner: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's excise in Scotland for the time being, or any three or more of them, shall be, and they are hereby authorised and required, out of any monies in their hands arising from his Majesty's share of seizures, to reward any officer or officers Scife^n^Eng- exciien Scotland who shall seize any vessel or boat which by land are au- law shall be liable to be broken up after condemnation, and shall not be used in his Majesty's service, in such manner and form, and to the same extent, and with the like sums of money, as in and by the said recited act are provided, authorised, and required to be done by the Commissioners of his Majesty's excise in England.

III. And whereas by on aft, passed in the thirty -tbit d year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the relief of the captors of prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom; it is amongst other things enabled, That any prize goods which should be received' into any warehouse in pursuance of the said act, or which were then remaining in any warehouse in this kingdom where they had been secured under the King's locks by the permission of the commissioners of the customs, should and might, upon payment of the respective duties before dir eft ed by the said act, be exported at any time directly from thence, either by the captors or their agents, or by any other person or persons, without paying any further duty of cujlonis or excise for the same, the person or persons exporting the same giving sufficient security in double the value of the goods before the delivery thereof out of the warehouse that the same should be really and truly exported, and not brought back again or relanded in any part of Great Britain, or landed in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, or Man, or the islands of Faro or Ferro, which security the customer or collector of the port from whence the same were intended to be exported was thereby required and authorised to take in his Majesty's name and to his Majesty's use: and whereas it is expedient to extend the security dir eft ed to be given by the said recited act to the if and of Alderney, and to require security in like manner that such goods shall not be landed in the ifand of Alderney: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the security required to be given by the said recited act shall be, and is hereby directed to be extended to the island of Alderney, in like manner as by the said recited act it is extended to the islands therein mentioned, and that security shall be given in double the value of the goods intended to be exported in pursuance of the said recited act, that the same shall not be landed in the said island of Alderney.

IV. And whereas by an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty> intituled An act for repealing the duties on tobacco and shuff, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof,

power

and security thereby required not to reland captured goods in Great Britain, &c. extended to Alderney.

29 Geo. 3.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 32. 147

power is given to the commissioners of excise in Scotland, or any two or more of them, to grant licences to authorise persons to manufacture tobacco or snuff, or to deal in tobacco or snuff, within the limits of the city of Edinburgh: and whereas it is expedient that the commissioners of excise should have authority to grant such licences within and throughout the limits of the chief office of excise at Edinburgh: be it therefore enacted, That all licences which shall be taken out by

*'1 1 T

any person or persons to manufacture tobacco or snuff, or to deal manufacture in tobacco or snuff, within the limits of the chief office of excise or deal in to-at Edinburgh, or any part thereof, after the passing of this act, baccoorfnuff, shall be granted by such of, and no other persons

whatever, and in such manner and under the like terms, con- chief8office^f ditions, and payments, as licences to authorise any persons to excise in manufacture tobacco or snuff, or deal in tobacco or snuff, within Edinburgh to the limits of the city of Edinburgh, may be granted by virtue of b, e granted by

h« bidrecited «<a/

CAP. XXXII. excise*

An act for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy and victualling bills.

[April 28, 1795.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, having taken into our serious consideration the present Hate of the debt of your Majesty's navy, and being desirous to make some provision towards satisfaction thereof, have resolved, that all persons interested in or entitled unto any bills payable in the course of the navy or victualling offices, which were made out on or before the thirtieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, who Should, on or before the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, carry the same, after having had the interestdue thereupon computed and marked upon the said bills at the navy or victualling offices respectively, to the tenth day o$ March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to the office of the tresurer of his Majesty's navy, to be marked and certified by him or his paymaster and cashier to the governor and company of the bank of England, should be entitled in respect of the same to one hundred and eight pounds capital stock for every one hundred pounds contained in such' certificates, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser lum, the said capital stock to be attended with annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per an-nuni, to be paid and payable at the times and in the manner'herein mentioned; we, your Majesty's most faithful commons, do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all persons interested in Navy or vie-or entitled unto any bill or bills payable in the course of the navy tualling bills or victualling offices, which were made out on or before the Sep.^o, "

L 2 thirtieth x793, with in*

Holders of such bills may deliver them to be so marked.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 32. [1795.

terest to thirtieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-1795°, marked t^lree5 w on or before the farffc day of May one thousand

thereVm at the seven hundred and ninety-five, carry the same, after, having had respective of- the interefi thereupon computed up to the tenth day of March to th Car; vied °ne t^ou^anc^ l'even hundred and ninety-five, and marked upon officeV^May t^ie bills at the navy or victualling offices respectively, to

1, to be ex- y the office of the treasurer of his Majesty's navy, shall have in changed for exchange for the same from such treasurer, or his paymaster or the^lfank65 n° cal^'er' a certificate to the governor and company of the bank titling to\08l- for the amount of the principal and interefi: Com-

tek per iool. puted thereupon; and the persons that shall be so possessed of any such certificates shall, upon delivery thereof to the said governor and company, be entitled in respect of the same to the sum of one hundred and eight pounds capital stock for each one hundred pounds contained in such certificates, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser sum, which said capital stock shall be attended with annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the fifth day of "January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and shall be paid and payable at the bank of England at the times and in the manner herein mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, who shall be possessed of, interested in, or entitled unto any bill or bills payable in course out of his Majesty's offices of the navy or victualling, which were respectively made out in the said respective offices on or before the thirtieth day of Septe?nber one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, to deliver such bill or bills to the respective treasurers of the said offices, to be marked, computed, and certified in such manner as is herein after mentioned at any time on or before the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and at such place or places as shall have been appointed by notice given in The London Gazette, and other publick papers for that purpose.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au-Interest on thority aforesaid, That the interefi which became due on the said bills to be tenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, themebefore11 ^or anc^n re^Pe(^ of the said navy and victualling bills, shall be delivery at the computed and marked upon the said bills at the navy and vic-navy office, tualling offices respectively before the same are delivered to the

treasurer of his Majesty's navy, and the proper officer and officers of his Majesty's navy and victualling offices respectively is and are hereby authorised and required to compute and mark, the interefi as aforesaid upon every such bill which shall be tendered to him or them for that purpose.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the treasurer of his Majesty's navy for the time being to take in and receive from all and every

bills, person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corpo-

andmakeforth rates who is or are or shall be poUdled of, interested in, or entitled certificates. - unto,

Treasurer of the navy to such

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 32. 149

unto, any such navy or victualling bills, all the said bills which any such person and persons, bodies politick or corporate, shall, on or before the said first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, deliver to such treasurer; and the said treasurer, or his paymaster and cashier, is and are hereby authorised and required to mark and cancel every such bill, and make forth and sign the certificate herein directed to be made out in lieu of the said bills.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all Such certify and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, who ^atesto entl- shall deliver any such bill or bills to the said treasurer as aforesaid, ity ^l^per1"' upon producing such certificates as are hereby directed to be made cent, per ann, forth by the said treasurer in lieu of such bills, shall, in respect of from Jan. x, the principal sum hereby granted for every sum of one hundred r795* pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser sum have

and be entitled to an annuity after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the said fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and to be paid or payable to such person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, or such as he, she, or they, shall appoint, his, her, or their, executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, respectively, which said annuities shall be in lieu of all other interest: for or in respect of such bills, and shall be payable half-yearly at the bank of England, at two of the most usual days of payment in the year; that is to say, the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year; the first payment thereof to become due on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and that all persons and corporations entitled to any such annuity or annuities aforesaid, and his, her, and their, administrators, successors and aiTigns, respectively, and all persons and corporations lawfully claiming under him, her, or them, shall have good, sure, absolute, and indefeasible estates and interests in the said annuities, according to the tenor and true meaning of this act, until the redemption thereof in the manner herein directed, and shall be possessed thereof as of a personal estate which shall not be descendible which shall be

to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the custom Gf personal estate, r 1 y'r i^n r 3 1 and free from

London or otherwise; any law, cultom, or ulage, to the contrary taxes.

notwithstanding; and that all the said annuities shall be free from

all taxes, charges, and impositions, whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per con^oHdPted16

annu?n, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, fund, andirre-

the consolidated fund, after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, deemable, til!

all such sums of money as have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament: and that the said annuities shall be irredeem- pe^ cenu". be

able until twenty-five millions of the publick debt, bearing paid off.

interest after the rate of either three pounds per centum per annum,

or four pounds per centum per annum, shall have been redeemed

and paid off.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tre^surer^oi That; upon the delivering in of such navy or victualling bills by giveTcertfft-

f" 3 any cate for the

and shall be free from stamp duties.

Guardians

amount of any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, the treasurer interest^wh?di Majesty's navY> or his -paymaster and cashier, shall, and they

may beaflign- are hereby authorised and required forthwith to give a certificate, ed before Au- signed by him or them, for the principal sum or furps contained gust 39, 1795. in such bills, and also for the interest: which shall have been computed and marked as aforesaid to be due on the said tenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to such person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, or his, her, or their alligns, and all such certificates shall be assignable by indorsement thereupon, made at any time before the twenty-ninth day of duguft one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and no longer; and no such certificate or assignment thereupon shall be charged with any stamp duties whatever; and that the interest: so computed and marked on every such bill shall be added to the principal sum contained in every such bill respectively, and the amount of such principal and interest: certified in manner before directed shall be the principal-sums for which the person or per- ions, bodies politick or corporate, delivering such bills, shall be entitled to such capital stock as aforesaid, after the rate of one hundred and eight pounds for every one hundred pounds contained in such certificates, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser sum, to be attended with an annuity after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Sfls^r'tfene^any ^n^ant or infants -shall have become entitled to any of

fit of infants."be bills, in such case the guardian or guardians, trustee or trustees of such infant or infants, shall or may, and he, she, or they, is or are hereby empowered, for the benefit of such infant or infants, to deliver up to such treasurer all such of the said bills to which such infant or infants shall be so entitled; and such infant and infants, upon such guardian or guardians, trustee or trustees, delivering up such bill, shall be entitled to such an annuity as aforesaid as fully as any other person or persons whatever; and the said guardian or guardians, trustee or trustees, shall be discharged from the same, so as the name of such infant be expressed in such certificate or certificates; any thing herein contained, or any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority Executorsj&c. aforesaid, That all persons who, as executors, administrators, bifls in theii*up tru^ees^ committees of ideots or lunaticks, or persons of unfound possession in rQirid^ depositaries, or mortgagees, shall be or become possessed of, interested in, or entitled unto, any of the said bills, shall and may deliver up such bills as they shall be respectively poflfefTed of, interested in., or entitled unto, to such treasurer as aforesaid, to be cancelled and certified as aforesaid j and as to executors or administrators, the capital stock of annuities which they shall be respectively entitled to in respect of the said bill so by them delivered up, and the dividends from time to time arising therefrom, shall be assets in their hands in the same manner as the said bills were or would have been had they not been so delivered up j and as to trustees, committees, depositaries, and mortgagees, the capital

trust, See.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 32, 151

pital stock of annuities which they shall be respectively entitled unto, for and in respect of such trull: or morgaged bills which they shall so deliver up to such treasurer as aforesaid, and the dividends from time to time arising therefrom, shall be subject and liable to the same trusts or equity of redemption as such bills were or would have been had they not been so delivered up for such annuity as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it Bank to re* shall and may be lawful to and for the said governor and company ceive certifi-of the bank of England\ and their successors, or such person or persons as they shall appoint for that purpose, and he and they is and are principal, for* hereby respectively authorised and required to take in and receive every rook all and every of the certificates to be made out in lieu of the said therein, which bills as aforesaid, in pursuance of the directions of this act, and -

upon the receipt of every such certificate shall, and he and they is*and are hereby required forthwith to give credit in a book or books to be prepared for that purpose, for the principal fuin of one hundred and eight pounds for every sum of one hundred pounds contained in such certificates so brought to him or them as aforesaid, and so in proportion for any greater or letter sum; and the persons, bodies politick or corporate, to whose credit such principal sums shall be entered in the said book or books, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, shall and may have power to affigu and transfer the same, or any part, share, or proportion thereof, to any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in other books to be prepared and kept for that purpose; and the said governor and company for the time being shall also, on or before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, transmit an attested duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the said book or books first herein-before mentioned, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's ex- chequer, there to remain for ever.

XL Jndy for the more easy and Jure payment of the annuities ejla-hlif)ed by this at7, it is hereby further enacted by the authority Bank to ap* aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the bank of England and their successors shall from time to time appoint and neral.^employ one or more sufficient person or persons, within their office in the city of London, to be their chief or first cashier or cashiers, and one other person or persons within the same office, to be their accountant general; and that so much of the monies, from time Treasury to to time, being in the receipt of the exchequer, of the said confo- to ^e issued at lidated fund, by this act made applicable for that purpose, as shall the exchequer* be sufficient to answer the said annuities, shall, by the order of for payment the of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, annuities, or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf, from time to time, at the respective days of payment in this act appointed, be issued and paid at the said receipt of exchequer to the first or chief caftiier or caftiiers of the said goveronr and company of the bank of England, and their- successors for the time being* by way of imprest and upon account; for the payment

h 4? Oil

the same without delay.

Accountant

152 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 32. [1795.

Cashier to pay Gf the said annuities; and that such cashier or cashiers, to whom the said monies shall from time to time be issued, shall from time to time without delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof according to the due course of the exchequer.

XII. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said accountant amirie^the general for the time being shall from time to time inspedf and cafliidrs ac- examine all receipts and payments of the said cashier or cashiers,

and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies intended to be converted into annuities by virtue of this act shall be deemed, reputed, and taken to be, one capital or joint (lock, on which the said annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, shall be attending, and shall be

added to and made part of the joint stock of annuities with and shall be redeemable at the same time and in like manner as the

/Pe0^, c'^2"*annuities carrying an interefi: after the rate of and 34 Geo. 3. J ° -

counts.

Annuities to be added to the 5l. per cents, established by 24 Geo. 3. fdf. 2.: c. 39.

rive

pounds per

centum per annum, established by the acts of the twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth, and thirty-fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, victualling and transport bills, and ordnance debentures; and that all and every person or persons and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall have, or be deemed to have, a proportional interefi: and share in the said flock of annuities at the rate aforesaid; and that the said whole capital or joint stock, or any share or interefi: therein, and the proportional annuity attending the same, shall be assignable and transferable as this act directs, Book to be and not otherwise; and that there shall constantly be kept in the kept for enter- office of the said accountant general for the time being, within ing transfers.^cjty Gf Lone[oni> a book or books, wherein all assignments or transfers of the said whole capital or joint stock, or any part thereof, and the proportional annuity attending the same at the rate aforesaid, shall be entered and registered; which entries shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such assignments or transfers, or if any such party or parties be absent, by his, her, or their attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorised by writing under his, her, or their hands and seals, -to be attested by t wo or more credible witnesses, and that the person or persons to whom such transfers shall be made shall respectively underwrite his, her, or their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of assigning or transferring the said flock, and the annuities attending the same or any part thereof, or any interefi therein, shall be good and available in law, and that no stamp duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said transfers, or any of them.

Annuities may

XIV. Provided always, That all persons possessed of any share be devised. or interefi: in the said joint stock of annuities, or any estate or interefi: therein, may devise the same by will in writing attested by two or more credible witnesses, but that no payment shall be made

upon

upon any such devise until so much of the said will as relates to such estate, share, or interest, be entered in the said office; and that in default of such transfer or devise as aforesaid, such share, estate, or interest, shall go to the executors, administrators, successors, and assigns,

XV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the Bank to con-bank of England and their successors, notwithstanding the redemp- hnue a corpo-tion of all or any of their own funds, in pursuance of the acts for establishing the same, or any of them, shall continue a corpora- redeemed, tion for the purposes of this act until all the said annuities shall be redeemed by parliament; and the said governor and company, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of his or their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this add.

XVI. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Penalty for no fee, reward, or gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taking Fees for taken for computing and marking the interest on the said bills, or parking bills, for receiving, taking in, or cancelling the said bills, or any of them, or for granting certificates in lieu thereof as aforesaid, or for issuing the monies for paying the said annuities, or any of them, or for any transfer of any sum, great or small, to be made in pursuance of this add, upon pain that any officer or person offending by taking or demanding any fee or gratuity contrary to this act, shall for every offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, to be recovered with' all costs of suit by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction or order of restraint, or any more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the of of the treasury, or any Treasury may three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three reward per-or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, tons employed shall have power, and they are hereby authorised, out of the said J^on o/thiT1" consolidated fund, to reward all such persons as shall be anyways employed in the execution of this add, for their lei v ice, pains, and labour, and also to defray such incident charges as shall necessarily attend the same, and also to settle and appoint such allowances as they shall think proper, for the service, pains, and labour, of the cashier or caftiiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, for receiving, paying, and accounting'for the said annuities made payable by this act, and also for the service, pains, and trouble, of the said accountant general of the said governor and company, for performing the duty and trust incumbent on or reposed in him by this add; all which allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect to the service, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the said governor and company of the bank of England., shall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their disposal only; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

154 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 33, 34. [1795.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any matter or thing therein contained, such person or persons shall and may plead General issue. the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their action, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him or them upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant Treble costs. or defendants shall have treble costs x to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety^ five.

[April 28, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

After the passing of this act the levy of men to be made.

Justices, mayors, &c. to put this act in execution.

Admiralty to appoint officers to approve or reject men.

CAP. xxxiv.

An act for enabling the magistrates, in the several counties in Great Britain, to raise and levy, under certain regulations, such able-bodied and idle persons as shall be found vaithin the said counties, to serve in his Majestfs navy.

[April 28, 1795.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that a supply of men be forthwith raised in the most speedy and effectual manner, within Great Britain, for the service of the navy y may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, within and throughout the several and respective counties, ridings, divisions, Cures, stewartries, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, liberties, parishes, towns, and places of Great Britain, a speedy and effectual levy of able-bodied men, within the descriptions herein after mentioned, to serve his Majesty in the navy, shall be forthwith made and put in execution* according to the rules and directions of this act.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justices of the peace of every county, riding, division, shire* or stewartry, and the mayors, bailiffs, and other magistrates, of every city, borough, town, cinque port, liberty, or place, within and throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, shall be, and they are hereby authorised to put in execution this act, within the limits of their respective jurisdictions; and they are hereby strictly enjoined and required to use their utmost care and diligence that his Majesty's service, in making such levies, be not neglected or disappointed.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being*

or'

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 34. 155

or the major part of them, to constitute and appoint so many

officers to regulate the admission of men, to be levied under the authority of this afor his Majesty's service, as the said commissioners shall deem necessary, with power and authority to act

in and for such of the said districts in this act mentioned as the said commissioners shall deem expedient and shall appoint; who, being

so appointed, shall have authority to examine every man intended

to be entered in such service, and full power of approving all such men, or, for just cause to be alleged, of rejecting them, or

any of them, and shall attend the meetings of the several justices of the peace and magistrates aforesaid, assembled for the purpose of putting this act in execution, or at such places respectively

as shall be deemed most convenient for carrying this ainto

execution,

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Clerks of the within thirty days after the passing of this act, the clerk of the ^ferffi°er iffs peace or town clerk of every county, riding, or division, in Eng- depute, &c. to land, and the sheriff depute or stewart clerk of every shire or give notice of stewartry in Scotland, and the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or first meeting of other officer of every city, borough, town, cinque port, liberty, ^hfcl^raav^e or place, in Great Britain, having magistrates of itself, shall, by adjourned! the direction of any one of the said justices, mayors, bailiffs, or other magistrates, within their respective jurisdictions, give notice of the time and place when and where the respective justices N

of the peace, or other magistrates aforesaid, shall first assemble in their respective districts, to put this act into execution, by publishing the same in some newspaper usually circulated within the jurisdictions of such justices or other magistrates respectively; and the justices of the peace acting in and for any county, riding, division, shire, or stewartry, shall, pursuant to such notice, aftem-ble themselves in their subdivisions, and in such districts in which justices have usually held petty sections; and the mayors, bailiffs, or other magistrates of any city, borough, cinque port, town, liberty, or place, shall also assemble themselves within their respective jurisdictions in like manner; and such justices and magistrates respectively shall have power to adjourn from time to time as they shall find convenient; and the said respective justices and magistrates, at the first petty sections to be held by virtue of this act, ceots^hhdi within their respective jurisdictions, shall issue their respective Constables, &c. precepts to the high constables, headboroughs, or other proper to attend at officers of the respective hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or thefucceeding other subdivisions, within the said counties, ridings, divisions, 1 l0ns* shires, or stewartries, and to the officers of the respective wards, constableries, and districts, within the said cities, boroughs, towns, cirlque ports, liberties, or places, requiring their attendance at the next succeeding sections, which precepts shall contain an account of the time and place appointed for the next succeeding sections, and shall be returnable on a day therein to be named; At first meet-and the said justices and magistrates aforesaid, assembled at such ing8 notice of first meetings, shall also give notice of the respective places ap- ^cfbe

pointed for holding such sessions to the secretary of the admiralty geiven to the*for admiralty,

&c.

Justices may appoint a clerk, who ill all receive as. for every man entered.

156 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 34. [1795.

for the time being, and shall from time to time cause to be affixed in some conspicuous part of every house or place of holding any such sessions, the time of holding the next succeeding sessions, twenty-four hours at least before the time of holding the same, whereof the respective officers to be appointed by the said of of the admiralty to attend this service are required to take notice; and such justices and other magistrates may appoint a clerk to attend their meetings, and transact such business as shall belong to such clerks, by virtue of this add, who shall respectively, as a reward for his labour and pains in the execution of this add, receive from the officer appointed to enter men under this act, for every man so entered, the sum of two shillings to be paid by the respective officers who shall receive such entered men. Justices to le- V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the navC1Ve I ju^lees the Peace a^d other magistrates aforesaid shall, and fons1 who*P£l. they are hereby authorised and required to levy and cause to be iow no lawful levied to serve his Majesty, in the navy of Great Britain, all able-trade, &x.: bodied, idle, and disorderly persons, who cannot upon examination

prove themselves to exercise and industriously follow some lawful trade or employment, or to have some substance sufficient for their support and maintenance.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said justices and other magistrates aforesaid, shall be, and they are hereby respectively authorised and empowered to raise and rogues, or-va- levy, or cause to be raised and levied, to serve his Majesty in the gabonds; also navy (according to the rules and regulations herein specified for smugglers, the raising and levying men who exercise and follow no lawful em ezz ers o tracje Qr emp}0yrnent)# all men who shall have offended against any law in force at the time of passing this act, by virtue whereof they shall be or be liable to be deemed or adjudged to be idle and disorderly persons, or rogues and vagabonds, or incorrigible? rogues, and punishable as such idle and disorderly persons, or rogues and vagabonds, or incorrigible rogues respectively, and also all men who shall be adjudged to b$. guilty of illegal landing, running, unshipping, concealing, receiving, or carrying, prohibited goods, wares, or merchandizes, or any foreign goods iiable to the payment of the duties of customs or excise, the same duties not having been paid or secured, or of embezzling any naval stores, the property of his Majesty, or of aiding or assisting in any of the offences before mentioned; and all such persons, being thereof convicted by virtue of any former law now in force, shall be deemed to be within the description of this act, and shall be dealt with according to the directions of this act, with respect to persons exercising and following no lawful trade or employment, within the meaning of this act, in lieu of such penalty, or any punishment, to which such persons may be liable by any law now in force.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justices of the peace or other magistrates aforesaid, assembled together from time to time at a petty sessions, within the limits of their respective jurisdictUpns, shall, as often as they fee occasion,

or offenders who shall be deemed idle persons,

Davy stores, &c.

Justices at petty sessions may issue search warrants.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 34. 137

fion, or as shall be requisite for the performance of this his Majesty's service, issue out their warrants under their hands and seals, thereby requiring and commanding the constables, headboroughs, tythingmen, overseers of the poor, or other peace or parish officers of every hundred, rape, lathe, wapentake, parish, town, and hamlet, in their several limits, every or any of them, (and who shall be aided or assisted therein by sufficient men of the same places) to make or cause to be made a general search throughout their several and respective limits, for all such men as they can find, who are, or shall appear to them to be, within any of the descriptions of this act:, and to convey all such persons before the justices or other magistrates acting in and for such division or place, at such time and place as shall have been prefixed for their next and subsequent meeting (and which time and place shall be expressed in the said warrants respectively); and moreover, every such justice of the peace, or other magistrate aforesaid, shall and may, on receiving information on oath where any man or men, within any of the descriptions of this ais or are to be found within his jurisdiction, or upon receiving information upon oath of any such offence being committed as is herein-before described, issue his warrant to any of the constables or other officers of such place, to search for and apprehend such man or men, and that all Persons ap-such men as shall be found and apprehended upon such searches prehended to they shall cause to be secured (in case it shall be necessary) in the and roucht gaol or house of correction, or other proper place of security, of before the*the county, riding, division, shire, stewartry, city, town, cinque petty sessions, port, liberty, or place where such persons shall be apprehended, and if adjudge and with all convenient speed brought before the justices or other of the^raean^" magistrates aforesaid of the same district or place within which [ng Of this act, he or they shall have been so apprehended, at the next petty and fit for the sections to be held after such search, to be examined, and if the navy, they justices or magistrates aforesaid shall adjudge the person or per- to The

fons so brought before them to be within any of the descriptions regulating of-of this act, or shall adjudge him or them guilty of any such of- ficers, fence as aforesaid, and the said justices or magistrates, and the officer or officers who shall be appointed to regulate this his Majesty's service, shall judge such men to be of the descriptions hereby intended to be entertained as recruits for the navy, then and in such case the said justices or magistrates aforesaid shall cause such persons to be delivered over by the said constables, or other peace or parish officers aforesaid, to such officer or officers as shall be appointed to regulate the admission of men into the navy, at such time and place as such officer or officers shall appoint, such officer or officers giving a receipt under his or their " hands, and paying to such constables or other peace or parish officers aforesaid, such sums of money as are herein directed to be paid in respect of every man so entered into the navy 3 and Men accepted every man so delivered to and accepted by such officer or officers to be exempt to serve in his Majesty's navy shall be, and be deemed to be ex-rom penalties empt and discharged from all penalties or punishment inflicted for °^eiKes*

for

i58

None to be admitted but such as are free from infirmity, and of a certain age.

Voters not obliged to serve.

Justices to examine persons, and direct such as shall be judged fit to be delivered to the officers appointed to receive men.

Justices may, on request, appoint further meetings, and if they find any man not within the description of this act, they shall certify the same to

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 34. [1795.

for any such offence by any law in force at the time of passing this'ad.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall be admitted into his Majesty's service, by virtue of this act, who is not such an able-bodied man as is fit to serve his Majesty, and is free from ruptures* and every other distemper, or bodily weakness or infirmity, which may render him unfit to perform his duty in the navy, nor any person who, in the opinion of the officer or officers appointed by the said of of the admiralty to regulate this service, shall appear to be under the age of sixteen years, or above the age of fifty years.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act, nor any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, shall not extend to oblige any person to enter into the service of the navy, who shall make it appear, to the satisfaction of the justices or magistrates before whom such person shall be produced, that he hath any vote in the election of any member or members to serve in parliament for any county, city, borough, town, cinque port, or place, within the kingdom of Great Britain.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justices or magistrates aforesaid for executing this act, who shall attend this service at the place or places for examining men in pursuance of this act, shall strictly examine the persons who shall be brought before them by the said churchwardens, over-seers, constables, headboroughs, tythingmen, or other parish or town officers as aforesaid; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices and magistrates aforesaid, and they are hereby authorised to administer an oath or affirmation, as the case may require, to each and every person who shall appear and give evidence touching any person so brought before them in pursuance of this act; and in case the justices or magistrates aforesaid, or the major part of them then present, upon examination of the persons so brought before them, shall find that such persons shall come within any of the descriptions herein mentioned, and the officer or officers who shall be appointed to receive such men shall adjudge them to be fit persons to be entertained in his Majesty's naval service, then and in such case the justices or magistrates aforesaid shall cause such persons to be delivered over by the said churchwardens, overseers, constables, headboroughs, tythingmen, or other parish or town officers, to such officers or persons as shall be appointed to receive such men as aforesaid.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the justices or magistrates aforesaid, who shall have been present at any such meeting, where any man shall have been delivered over as aforesaid, or for the major part of them, upon the demand of such man, or of any other person on his behalf, signified to their clerk, within four days after such meeting, and by him to be notified to each of the justices or magistrates present as aforesaid, to appoint a further meeting of the same justices or magistrates aforesaid,

at

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 34. 159

at which any other justices or magistrates may also attend, to be the admiralty, holden within six days after the making of such demand, unless^maa

the party appealing mall require a further reasonable time, and if to dif.

upon further and more certain information the justices or magis- charged*

(trates, or the major part of them, at such further meeting, shall find that such man was not, at the time of his being delivered over as aforesaid, within any of the descriptions of this act, they are hereby required to certify the same, under their hands and seals, to the secretary of the admiralty, to be la^d before the said of of the admiralty, who, on the receipt of such certificate, shall cause the man to be forthwith discharged; and the Regulating regulating officer shall, on such man receiving his discharge as officertopay aforesaid, cause to be paid to him the sum of one shilling for each so dif-to day he shall have been so detained in the service as aforesaid, over charged, dur-and above such subsistence as he may have received, and the ing detention, clerk appointed by the justices or magistrates shall repay to such Clerktorepay officer (without fee or other deduction) the several sums before money paid paid to him by the said officer, and shall give back the receipts °fficer*

taken as above directed in exchange for a copy of the said man's discharge, and in case no such discharge shall have been obtained as aforesaid, then the said clerk shall, after the expiration of fourteen days from the time that such man was delivered over as aforesaid, pay over, without fee or deduction, to the persons respectively entitled thereto, under the directions of this act, the several sums deposited in his hands for that purpose.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Justices may if at any of the meetings of the justices or magistrates aforesaid, adjourn meet-by this act appointed, in any of their subdivisions or districts, not attend5 they shall not be attended by some proper officer appointed for anc[ may de»*the receiving of men to be entered by virtue of this act, either tain persons through negligence or unavoidable accident, then and in that brought be-case it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices or magis- fore 1 em* trates aforesaid to adjourn themselves to some other convenient day, and they are hereby authorised to give directions for detaining in custody all such men as shall have been brought before them by the civil or parish officers to be examined, or such of them as they shall think duly qualified for his Majesty's service; and the justices or magistrates aforesaid shall give notice to any Notice of ad-of the regulating officers attending on this service, in the district journments to or place where such meetings shall be held, of the day of such ad- be given the journment, and the said officer is hereby required either to attend 01 lCer* himself, or to appoint some other person to attend such justices or magistrates aforesaid, and to receive such men as the justices or magistrates aforesaid shall deem fit for his Majesty's service; and the officers for receiving the said men shall pay to such per- Officer to pay son as the justices or magistrates aforesaid shall appoint, sixpence 6d. per diem per diem for the subsistence of every such man, from the day of fJbftftSce the last meeting of the justices or magistrates aforesaid to the said to the d'ay o*t day of adjournment, together with such charges and expences as adjournment, shall appear to the justices or magistrates aforesaid to have been incurred on account of the detaining the said men from the dav of

i6o

Men may be detained in places of security.

Gaolers to re-receive men without fee, and to be allowed the usual fubfif-tence.

Civil officers toaffift in conveying men t( gaol, &c.

Justices may fine gaolers, constables, &c. for neglect.

Justices to deliver certificates of entry of men to the officer receiving the m.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 34. [1795.

of the former meeting of the justices or magistrates aforesaid to the day of such second meeting, not exceeding one shilling pet' diem for each man To detained.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the officer or officers, and other person or persons appointed to attend the justices or magistrates aforesaid, and to receive such men as shall be entered in such service by virtue of this act, shall, in case he or they shall find it necessary, detain such men in some secure house or place which may be provided by the justices or magistrates aforesaid, assembled at their petty sessions, in pur-fiiance of any order or orders in writing under the hands and ieals of any two or more of them for that purpose; but in case no such house or place shall be provided, then in the gaol of the county, riding, division, shire, stewartry, city, borough, town, cinque port, liberty, or pl^re, where such men shall be received into his Majesty's service, or in the house of correction, or other publick prison of such county, riding, division, shire, stewartry, city, bo-

rough, town, cinque port, liberty, or place, and the keeper of such gaol, house of correction, or prison, shall receive and safely keep such men until they can be removed (without fee or reward); and such keeper shall be allowed the usual subsistence of such men during the time they remain there, from the officer by whom they shall be delivered as aforesaid; and the constables, headboroughs, or other civil officers, shall, if required, be assisting to such officer in conveying such man or men to such gaol, place, or house of correction, and shall be allowed such reasonable sum or sums as the major part of the justices or magistrates present at the meeting where such man or men shall be levied shall appoint to be paid by the officer or officers who shall require such assistance.

XIV. And be it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices or magistrates aforesaid, or any two or more of them, to impose upon any gaoler or keeper of any house of correction or prison, who shall suffer any person committed to his-custody, in pursuance of this act, to escape, or upon any high constable, churchwarden, overseer, petty constable, headborough, tythingman, or other parish or town officer, for every wilful neglect or default in the execution of any warrant, order, or precept to them, or any of them, directed in pursuance of this act, a fine not exceeding ten pounds; and to cause every such fine to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owner or owners, and to pay the said fine to the informer or informers.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justices or magistrates aforesaid, or such of them as shall be present at such meeting as aforesaid, or any two of them present, shall, anu shey are hereby required to certify under their hands that such person or persons is or are duly entered into his Majesty's fervicC, setting forth the name and parish or place of abode of him or them respectively, if known, and shall deliver such

certificate*

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 34. 161

certificate, together with such men, to the said officers or persons appointed to receive them; and the justices or magistrates afore- Namesofmen, said shall also forthwith cause an entry or memorial to be made, ^edffiabook in a book: or books to b<* kept by them or their clerks for that anci copies*purpose of the names of such men, of the parishes or places of transmitted to their last abode (if they can be known), and of the time and place the admiralty, when and where such men; were delivered to the said officers or persons appointed to receive them, and the names of the officers or persons who received them, and shall cause true copies or duplicates of such entries, attested by the justices or magistrates aforesaid, or any two or more of them, within forty days after the delivering such men as aforesaid, to be transmitted into the office of the admiralty; and every clerk, for every neglect or Penalty on default in not transmitting the copy or duplicate of any such entrym°trans into the office of the admiralty as aforesaid, shall forfeit the sum rnittin^ such*of ten pounds, one moiety thereof to the use of his Majesty, his copies? heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same in one of the courts of record at Westminster, of great sessions in Wales, or the court of exchequer in Scotland.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Parish officers That the several officers who shall receive men entered into his fQr^v^dman Majesty's service, in the manner herein-before mentioned, shall ente^ed^ai^311 pay to any person appointed by the justices or magistrates afore- parishes where said to receive the same, for the use of the officers of the parish or men have town so employed in the raising such men, for their pains and services therein, twenty shillings of lawful money of Great Bri- on account of tain for every man so entered, and shall also pay for every such their wives man who shall have a wife or family any sum not exceeding forty and families shillings, nor less than ten shillings, of lawful money of Great ^r^able Britain, to be paid over as is herein after directed, into the hands aljd 0flfcer of the churchwardens or overseers of the poor, for the benefit 6d. per diem of such parish or township in which such man shall have gained a while men are settlement, and whose wife or family may become chargeable ton cu dy-such parish or township respectively, which sum shall be settled by the major part of the justices or magistrates aforesaid present at the meeting when such person shall be entered, regard being had, to the number of children, or other particular circumstances of such person so entered, and shall also pay the sum of sixpence per diem for keeping every such man who shall be so delivered as aforesaid, according to the number or days that the officers of the said parish or town shall have kept him in custody, pursuant to the powers granted'by this act, until such delivery, and which sum of sixpence per diem shall be deducted out of the pay of such man; the said allowance of twenty shillings, and-of sixpence per dliem, Allowances, in in case of dispute, to be ascertained and distributed to and amon^ft caieofdiipute, the churchwardens, overseers, confrables, headboroughs, tythingmen, and such other parish and town officers, or any of them, according to the judgement and discretion of the justices or ma-pistrates aforesaid, or the majgr part of them then present: for

Justices may allot part of allowances to high constables.

Clerks to be rewarded as the treasury shall direct.

i6z Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 34. [1795.

all which payments receipts shall be given to such officer by the person receiving the same, but which receipt shall not be chargeable with any stamp duty.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justices or magistrates aforesaid, in their respective divisions, are hereby authorised and empowered, by and out Of the said sum of twenty shillings herein-before directed to be paid for the use of the officers of the parish or town so employed in the raifmgof such men, to allot 3nd order such sum as they shall think fit to the respective high constables, within their respective limits and jurisdictions, for their pains and service in the execution of this act, not exceeding the sum of two shillings*

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several clerks of the justices or magistrates aforesaid, provided the said copies or duplicates be truly transmitted into the office of the admiralty as aforesaid, shall have and receive, by the hands of the paymaster of his Majesty's navy, over and above the films herein-before directed to be paid, such rewards as the of of the treasury for the time being, upon consideration of the numbers of* men entered in the several counties, ridings, divisions, shires, stewartries, cities, boroughs, towns, cinque ports, liberties, or places, by virtue of this act, and the pains and charges of the several clerks in this service, shall judge the said clerks severally and respectively to deserve.

XIX. And, for the better preventing any disputes which may arise about paying for the fubfjlence of those persons who, having beenappre-bended and detained by virtue of this act, may afterwards be discharged upon examination before the justices or magistrates aforesaid,

Parish officers an(\ officers, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Towed expen ^an)? Person being judged by the justices or magistrates aforesaid ces in keeping not to be within any of the descriptions of this act, shall be by persons dif- them discharged, the officers of the parish or town shall be en-charged as not titled to no consideration for their expences in keeping such per-fcr'mtTons^f*on*an(^an7 Per^0lb being judged by the justices or magistrates this act; but aforesaid to be within the description of this act, shall be rejected for such as are by the regulating officer, such officer shall pay to the officers of rejected by the the parish or town sixpencQ per diem for the whole time that they ftc^er^be0^all ^ave kept such person; and every officer who shall object to paid*6d. per any person delivered to him by the justices or magistrates afore-

diem. said, shall specify his objection to such person, whether it be to

Officer to spe- his age or bodily disability, and the grounds of such objection, cify his objec- shall pe forthwith (as far as may be) enquired into by the justices or magistrates aforesaid, and they shall proceed accordingly j and transmit to the every officer who shall refuse or discharge any person delivered to admiralty rea- him by the justices or magistrates aforesaid as fit to serve his ions for refu- Majesty, within the description of this act, shall, without delay, transmit to the secretary of the admiralty his reasons for such refusal or discharge in writing, signed by himself.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

ia|.

f Commencement of men's That the pay of every such man so delivered tq flap officers or pay. persons

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 34. 16

persons appointed to receive them as aforesaid, shall commence from the time of his bei.ng taken and secured as aforesaid, dedud-

ing such sums of money thereout as shall be paid by virtue of this act for his subsistence; and no person so entered in pursuance of Men entered

this act, shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty's service

by any process, other than by some criminal process, for some v*ce ^uct for -

criminal matter punishable by the known laws of the land. criminal mat-

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ter.

That if any person or persons whatsoever shall wilfully do any Penalty for ad or thing, whereby the execution of this act, in the Searching

for, taking, and securing, such able-bodied men as aforesaid, of\hiYa&., on

shall be hindered or frustrated, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding twenty

pounds, nor less than ten pounds, one moiety thereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to

the use of the informer or informers; and all and every such offences ^be^deter

may be enquired of, heard, and finally determined by any two mmedbytwo*

or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace dwelling in or near justices, &c.

the place where such offence shall be committed, who have

hereby power to cause the said penalty'to be levied by distress and

sale of the offender's goods and chattels, rendering the overplus

(if any be) to the owners, and if the offender has no goods and

chattels sufficient to answer the said penalty, then to commit him

or her to the county gaol or house of correction, there to remain

for the space of three calendar months, without bail or main-

prize.

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the inhabitants of every parish and township where Inhabitants to any person described as aforesaid doth abide, or is to be found, aicUn the exe-

r - r i n -n CUtlOIl 01 act,

(at the lnltance of any one or more of the justices or magistrates aforesaid, or of any churchwarden, overseer of the poor, or constable of the same parish or township), shall (not having a lawful or reasonable cause to the contrary) be aiding and assisting in the furtherance of his Majesty's said service.

XXIII. And, to encourage such inhabitants and others to ajftfl in discovering and apprehending such persons described as aforesaid, it is

hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Reward to per-person shall discover and give information of any able-bodied man or men fit to serve his Majesty, within any of the descriptions of ab]e-bodie«i this act, so that he or they shall be apprehended and brought before men within the the justices or magistrates aforesaid, and ordered to be entered in descriptions of his Majesty's service, such person, for every man so discovered and entered, shall receive from the officer to whom such man shall be delivered the sum of ten findings out of the twenty shillings which he is hereby directed to pay to the officers ofrheparish or town for every man raised by virtue of this act, and the remainder only of such twenty ftiiilings shall in that caie be paid to such officers,

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action, plaint, suit, or information, shall be com- Limitation of menced or prolectued against any person or persons for what he a<^10U!i*

[General issue.]

[Treble costs.]

164 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 34. [1793.

or they shall do in pursuance or execution of this act, the same shall be commenced within six calendar months after the offence committed, and shall be laid or brought in the county or place where the fast was Committed, and not afterwards, or elsewhere; and such person or persons, sued in any court whatsoever, shall and may plead the general issue of not guilty, and upon any issue joined may give this act and the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or forbear further prosecution, or suffer a discontinuance, or if a verdict or judgement upon demurrer pass against him, the defendant shall recover treble costs, for which he shall have the like remedy as in any case where colls by the law are given to defendants.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, a4 far\s C* the statute made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of

relate s^o ren- ^'IS ^ate maje^y King George the Second, intituled An act for the dering justices rendering justices of the peace more safe in the execution of their office, more safe in and for indemnifying corifiables and others acting in obedience to their the execution warrants, so far as the said act relates to the rendering the justices to extend toCe> more executd°n of their office, shall extend and be con-

this act. flrued to extend to the justices or magistrat's aforesaid, acting No action to under the authority or in the execution of this act; and no action becommenced or suit shall be had or commenced, or writ i (Tiled out, or copy of till notice be writslerved upon any peace officer or officers, or any other person Slven* or persons, for any thing done in the execution of this act, until

notice in writing shall have been given to him or them, or left at his or their usual^place of abode by the attorney for the party commencing such action, or suing out cr serving the copy of the said writ, which said notice in writing shall contain the name and place of abode of the person who is to bring such action, together with the cause of action or complaint, and the name and place of abode of the said attorney shall be under written or Defendant indorsed thereon; and such defendant or defendants shall be at

may tender liberty, and mav, by virtue of this act, at any time within four-amends, which y c Jr A 1 r 1 L,

may be ed.

plead-

[Treble costs.]

Persons instituting actions in Scotland to give previous notice, that amends n^y he tendered, &c.

teen days after such notice, tender or cause to be tendered any sum or sums of money as amends for the injury complained of to the party complaining, or to the said attorney, and if the same is not accepted of, such defendant or defendants may plead such tender in bar of such action or actions, together with the general issue, or any other plea, with leave of the court; and if upon issue joined upon such tender the jury shall find the amends tendered to have been sufficient, the said jury shall find a verdict for the defendant or defendants, who shall, in such case, be entitled to his and their treble costs.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action shall be brought against any justice of the peace or magistrate aforesaid, or other officer employed in the execution of this act, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the person instituting such action shall, previous to the commencement thereof, in timate by himself, or his agent or attorney, his said intention and grounds of complaint, so as that the justices or magistrates aforesaid, or other officers, may have opportunity of making due

amends

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 34. 165

amends for the injury intended to be prosecuted; and if the said justicefc or magistrates aforesaid, or other officers* shall make it appear, to the satisfaction of the judge before whom the action is brought, that such due amends were tendered and refused previous to the commencement of the action, the said judge shall give decree for the defender, who shall in such case be entitled to treble Treble costs* costs of suit.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where a Verdi c1 shall be given for the Where there plaintiff in any action to be brought against any justice of the for act

peace or magistrate aforesaid, or any peace officer, or other per- complained of, son, for seizing, taking, imprisoning, or detaining such plaintiff in plaintiff not the execution of this abt, under colour of any authority or autho- entitled to rities hereby given, and it shall appear to the judge or court before costs*whom the same shall be tried, that there was a probable cause

for doing the abt complained of in such action; and the said judge or court shall certify on the record that there was probable cause as aforesaid, then and in such case the plaintiff shall not be entitled to more than twopence damages, nor to any coffs of suit: provided always, that where a verdict shall be given for the plain- but where the tiff in any such action as aforesaid, and the judge or court before waj>

whom the cause shall be tried shall certify on record that the double costs'6 injury for which such act'ion was brought was wilfully and maliciously committed, the plaintiff shall be entitled to double costs of suit.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when his Majesty His Majesty shall be satisfied, by the said returns of the justices or magistrates, maY suspend or otherwise, that a sufficient number of men in the whole shall execution be raised for his present service, or for other sufficient reasons, it this abt. shall be lawful for his Majesty to suspend or revive the execution

of this abt with respect to the whole of Great Britain, or any part thereof, by proclamation or order in council, or other publick notice, in the London Gazette, or by notice from the commissioners of the admiralty for the time being, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: provided also that his Majesty, when he shall judge it expedient for his service, may at any time suspend the execution of this abt, in any place in Great Britain, by notice from the secretary of the admiralty; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXIX. Andy for the more easy and better putting this act into

execution, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any three Threejustices, or more of the justices or magistrates aforesaid, for putting this the^fme rid^ act into execution, in the several ridings of the county of York, ing, may abt (being justices of the peace, though not all of the same riding), within the li-may, within the castle of Torky or limits thereof, execute the powers of this abt. ca

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this a cl, and every thing herein contained, shall be and con- Continuance tinue in force until the end of the next session of parliament, and °* aC^ % no longer,

m 3 XXXI. And

i66 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 35. [1795.

XXXI. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid. Entries of men That the several entries which the justices or magistrates aforesaid, the form an m ^or executing this a(^> are required to make of the names and nexed. descriptions of all men levied by virtue of this act, together with the other particulars herein-before directed, shall be made according to the form hereunto annexed.

Recruit's name. Parish. Age. Description of the recruit. Officer who received, or refused, the recruit, and on what day. On what grounds refused.

Forms of pro-

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the forms of proceed-eeedings in ing relative to the several matters in this act, which are set forth schedule, to be and expressed in the schedule hereunto annexed, shall be used upon u all occasions, with such additions and variations only as may be necessary to adapt them to the particular exigencies of the case, and that no objection shall be made, or advantage taken, for want of form in any such proceedings, by any person or persons, whom-toever.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for making allowances, in certain cases, to subaltern officers of the militia, in time of peace.

[April 28, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

From the dif-embodying the militia the subalterns to have certain allowances during peace.

WHEREAS it is expedient to male some addition to the pay of certain subaltern officers of the militia forces of this kingdom, who have served during the present war, after the dife/nbodying of the said forces, and during peace, under certain regulations \ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the disembodying of the militia forces of this kingdom, certain annual allowances, over and above the pay to which during peace they are now by law entitled,

shall

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 3^. 167

shall for the future be allowed and paid to subaltern officers of the militia, of the descriptions, to the amount, under the restrictions, and in the manner herein after expressed j (that is to say), to every subaltern officer of the militia who now bears a commission, is serving, and shall continue faithfully to serve, in the same corps, or who, previous to the expiration of four months from the pa (Ting of this act, shall be appointed to a commission, and shall continue faithfully to serve in the embodied militia, and in the same corps, until the disembodying thereof, the following annual allowances, over and above the pay to which they may be by law entitled during peace, shall be allowed and paid, without any deductions of any kind, or for any purpose whatsoever; (that is to say), to a lieutenant twenty-five pounds per annum, and to an ensign twenty pounds per annum, in the manner herein after mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person Exceptions, who is or shall at any time hereafter become possessed of such an estate or income as would by law qualify him to hold a captain's commission in the militia, or who is or shall at anytime hereafter be appointed adjutant or battalion clerk in any regiment or corps of militia, nor any person deriving in any way whatsoever, otherwise 'than as a subaltern officer of the militia, any income, stipend, or allowance whatever from the publick, nor any officer on the full or half pay of the navy, army, or marines, who shall also hold a subaltern's commission, and serve as aforesaid in the militia, shall have or be in any wise entitled to the said annual allowances, or any part or share thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the subaltern officers of Subalterns to the militia, who shall claim, under the authority t>f this act, to the fol*

receive either of the said annual allowances, shall, previous to

receiving the same, and, in order to entitle themselves thereto, annually take and subscribe an oath before some one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county, riding, or place, to which the regiment or corps in which they serve shall belong, in the words or to the effect following; (videlicet),

I A.B. do swear, That I am now fswing as a subaltern officer in oath.

the regiment [or corps] of militia; and that 1 am net,

in my own rights or in right of my wife, nor have been, since the disembodying of the said regiment [or corps], in the a final possession and enjoyment or receipt of the rents and profits of lands, tenements, or hereditaments of such an annual value, above reprizes, as would qualify me to hold a captain*s commission in the militia; that I am not, nor have been, since the disembodying of the said regiment [or corps], an adjutant or battalion clerk in any regiment [or corps] of militia; that I do not hold or enjoy, nor have I. held or enjoyed, nor does, or has any person for me hold or enjoy, or held or enjoyed, since the disembodying of the said regiment [or corps], any office of income whatsoever from the publick \ and that I am not entitled either to the full

M 4 or

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 35. [1795.

or half pay of the navy, army, or marines, nor have been ftnce the disembodying of the said regiment [or corps].

So help me GOD.

JranIVnit \ths oat^> and subscribed, shall be by the said justice

to the receiver forthwith certified and transmitted, and he is hereby required to general of the certify and transmit the same to the receiver general of the land land tax of tax of the county, riding, or place, to which the regiment or corps the county. Gf militia in which such subaltern officer shall be then serving shall belong, to be by him filed and preferred for the purposes herein- after mentioned.

Subalterns to

IV. And be it further enacted, That every subaltern officer of nual^xerct^" who he entitled, or claim to be entitled to the

certificates of benefits this foah regularly attend the annual exercise and which to be training of the regiment or corps to which he belongs, during transmitted by the whole of the twenty-eight days by law required for that pur-in^C offcerTo1' P°^e' anc^ during the said time, punctually do and perform

the beatenacteduty as a subaltern officer of such regiment or corps, on pain and receiver of forfeiting the said annual allowance, as well as the rest of his general of pay, and every part thereof, which may be due for the current

the county. year in which he shall neglect or refuse to attend; and certificates

of his having so attended and performed his duty, signed by the commanding officer of the regiment or corps to which he may belong, shall be transmitted by the said commanding officer to the lieutenant and receiver general of the land tax of the county, riding, or place to which the said regiment or corps of militia, in which such subaltern officer shall be then serving, shall belong.

&eafon$ for leave of absence from annual excise to be transmitted to the said lieutenant and receiver general, and fe-eretary of state.

to be by the said receiver general received previous to any such subaltern officer being entitled to demand or receive the said annual allowance, or any part thereof; and in case any such subaltern officer, claiming to be entitled to such annual allowance, shall, by his commanding officer, be permitted or suffered, for any special cause or unavoidable necessity, to be absent during the whole or any part of such annual exercise, (in which case it shall be lawful for such commanding officer to grant such leave of absence, and for such subaltern officer, who may be so permitted to be absent, to demand and receive the said annual allowance, and every part thereof, in like manner as if he had attended during the whole of the said annual exercise), the reasons for such absence, as well as the duration thereof, shall be carefully and truly specified in the certificates before-mentioned, Signed by the commanding officer, to be transmitted, as soon as conveniently may be, to the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, to which the regiment or corps shall belong, to the receiver general of the land tax for the same county, riding, or place, and to his Majesty's principal secretary of state for the home de-

partment.

If militia be V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case not called out any regiment or corps of the militia, after the disembodying erciftH fuba^" thereof at any time, shall not be called out for the annual exercise L ? and

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 35. 169

and training thereof, every fubaltenf officer belonging to any terns to be such regiment or corps, and coming within the descriptions of ^titled to this act, who shall have taken and subscribed the oath herein- ff^he^had^ before mentioned, before any such justice of the peace as afore- attended, said, shall be entitled to the said annual allowance, as if such subaltern officer had regularly attended the annual exercise and training of such regiment or corps during the whole of the twenty-eight days by law required for that purpose, and a certificate of such attendance, signed by the commanding officer of the said regiment or corps, had been transmitted to the lieutenant and receiver general of the land tax for the county, riding, or place, to which such regiment or corps belong, according to the directions of this act; any thing contained in this act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, upon such certificates Allowances to as aforesaid, of such justice of the peace and commanding officer bepaidwith-as aforesaid, or (where any regiment or corps of militia shall not outdeduction* have been called out to their annual exercise as aforesaid) upon

a certificate of any such justice of the peace only, being produced to or received by the respective receivers general of the land tax, it shall and may be lawful for such receivers general, and they are hereby authorised and required to pay to the said subaltern officers, according to their respective commissions of lieutenant or ensign, the annual allowance above-mentioned, in addition to their pay, without any deduction whatsoever, out of any publick monies in their hands, and to charge the same in their respective annual accounts of money disbursed for the use of the publick; the certificates before mentioned to be by them preserved and produced among the vouchers for the payments from time to time made by them in pursuance of this acct. 1

VII. And be it further enacted, That the subaltern officers of Subalternsnot

the militia, entitled or claiming to be entitled to the benefits of this attending act, shall at all times be liable to serve in the respective regiments for-

or corps to which they belong, whenever the same shall be em- fejt t£eir bodied and called out upon actual service; and in case of neglect claim to the or refusal to attend when called upon, or in case any such subaltern allowance, officer shall a second time neglect or refuse to attend and perform

his duty at the annual exercise as before directed, each and every such subaltern officer shall forfeit his and their claim to the said annual allowance, and every part thereof, in all time to come, and shall also be considered as having refined and vacated his and their commission and commissions to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several annual Allowances to allowances shall be paid to the persons respectively entitled thereto P^idby the

a i j^r, £Gdvc?.rs

by the receivers general of the land tax, upon the production ofneraj on the before-mentioned several certificates, as soon after the times duction of of the annual exercise and training as may be convenient and certificates, practicable: provided always, That nothing in this act con- Subalterns tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any rec^lve subaltern officer entitled to the benefit of it, from receiving the tending an^ " pay allowed by law for his attendance at such annual exercise as nUaj exercise 5

before

lyo Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 35. [1795.

before mentioned, over and above the said annual allowance: tied tonflow- Provided a^0' ^lat nothing in this act contained shall extend, ance while the or'^e construed to extend, to entitle any subaltern officer as militia is em- aforesaid to the said annual allowance, or any part thereof during bodied. the time the regiment or corps to which he belongs shall be Allowancenot embodied or called out on actual service: provided also, That mo^than^a anc^ t^le benefits and allowances therein contained, shall

certain num- not extend, or be construed to extend, to more than ten lieu-ber of fubal- tenants in any regiment confiding of more than ten companies; terns. to more than nine lieutenants in any regiment confiding of more than eight and less than eleven companies; to more than eight lieutenants in any regiment confiding of more than fix and less than nine companies; to more than five lieutenants in any regiment, battalion, or corps, confiding of fix or of a less number of companies.

Senior Iieute-

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case in any regiment, cants to have battalion, or corps of the militia, at the time of disembodying en^rCand"the hereof, there shall happen to be a greater number of lieutenants junior to fuc- Coming within the descriptions of this act than can be entitled to ceed on va- claim the benefits thereof within the true intent and meaning of cancies. the foregoing proviso, the senior lieutenants of such number shall always be preferred, and shall be alone entitled to demand and receive the above-mentioned allowances, and that the junior lieutenants shall succeed to such allowances in rotation as va-

cancies may happen among the said senior lieutenants from time to time.

X. And vuhereas, by an act of parliament, pa fed in the twenty-sixth 26 Geo. 3. c. year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amend* 107, recited, ing, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, it is enacted, "That the lieutenant of any county, ridings or place, together VJith any three or more deputy lieutenants, and on the death or removal\ or in the absence of any such lieutenant, any five or more deputy lieutenants, may, at the end of every five years, at their annual meetings to be holden as in the said act mentioned, in case the militia of such comity, riding, or place, 'shall not Be then embodied, discharge a certain 7iumber of officers for the purpose t, and in the manner in the said act Powers of re- mentioned: and whereas it is not expedient that the powers so given c, ite^ur by the said recited act Jhculd extend to subaltern officers coming within officers at the descriptions, and entitled to the benefits of this act; be it therefore

end of every enacted and declared, That nothing in the said recited act con-five years, not tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to empower th/subalterns ^eutenant or deputy lieutenants of any county, riding, or

entitled to place, to discharge any such subaltern officers as are or may be benefits under entitled to the benefits of this act, according to the true intent this act. and meaning thereof, or any of them.

[Continuance.]

XI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue in of aft. force, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and no longer.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 36.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

[April 28, 1795.]

758, 5411, 13s. 4d. to be raffed by a lottery, and subscribers to deposit il. 5s. iod. for each ticket. All persons who have made deposits, pursuant to the resolution of the house of commons, are required to pay the remainder of their subscriptions at the times following, viz. il. 10s. by May 22, 1795 5 — 2l. by July 312l. by Sep. 112l. by Od. 30; — zl. by Dec. 4* — and the remaining 3l. by Jan. 22, 1796; and the contributors for each 13l. 15s. rod. advanced shall be entitled to inch lot upon each fortunate ticket as is herein mentioned; and thoie that pay contributions before Dec. 4, to be allowed discount at 3l. per cent, per ann. and to have lottery tickets delivered at 13l. 15s, iod. each. Cashier to give security to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the treasury, and to pay all monies received into the exchequer. Commissioners of the treasury empowered to apply the money paid in by the cashier. 500, 000b the amount of the prizes, to be paid out of any supplies to be granted this feffiiGn. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books. Managers to examine the books, with the tickets, and deliver them to the cashiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the same. Cashiers to return the books, with the undisposed of tickets, and an account of money received and paid in Undisposed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or silk; and cut off indentwise into a box marked with the letter (A), and put into another box to be locked up and sealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 55, 000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets.

- Five prizes of 20, 000b — five of 10, ooool. — five of 5, 000b — eight of 2, 000b — fifteen of 1, ooool. — twenty-four of 500b — fifty of iool. — one hundred of 50b — and fifteen thousand of 18b — 1,000b to the first drawn ticket, and 1, ooool. to the last drawn ticket. Tickets in the outermost column of the last mentioned books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a box marked with the letter (B), Sec. Publick notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Feb. 22, 1796. Method to be obffirved in drawing, Sec. Number of the fortunate tiekes, and the sums to be printed. Disputes to be adjusted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets, See. Offenders (not in pnfon) discovering persons guilty, to receive a pardon and 50b reward. No attainder for such offences to make corruption of blood, lols of dower, or diiherifon of heirs. Managers to be sworn. The oath.

I, A.B. as a manager and director of the lottery to be drawn in pursuance of an act of parliament made in the thirty-fifth year of his Majesty ?s reign, do swear, that I will faithfully execute the trust reposed in me; and that! will not use any indirect art or means, or permit or direct any person to use any indirect art or means, to obtain a prize or fortunate lot therein, for myself, or any other person whatsoever; and that i will do the utmost: of my endeavours to prevent any undue or sinister practice to be done by any person whatsoever; and that I will, to the best of my judgement, declare to whom any prize, lot, or ticket or right does belong, according to the true intent and meaning of the said act.

Cashier may receive the sum subscribed before receiving the lottery book; giving a note for the same; which shall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every 13b 15s. iod. paid. After May 22, 1795, the cashier may deliver tickets not exceeding in value half of the sum actually subscribed; and shall give receipts for the residue of such sums, after deducting the value of the tickets so delivered. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their deposits, and the tickets to be returned to the managers, See. Commissioners of the treasury may reward the managers* &c. as they shall think fit. The 500, 000l.

IJ2

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 36. [1795.

for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any supplies granted this session; and shall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on July i, 1796, See. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, &c* and signed, &c. Commissioners of the treasury empowered to defray the incidental expences attending the execution of this act. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying contribution monies, for receipts, &c. on penalty of twenty pounds. No person to take down the numbers of the tickets at the time of drawing, unless employed as a clerk or licensed so to do. Persons so licensed to receive from the stamp office numerical books, which shall be stamped on every leaf. Commissioners to grant such licences only on account of licensed lottery offices. Five pounds penalty on unlicensed persons taking down or publishing the numbers of tickets drawn. Sec. On complaint the magistrates of London may grant warrants for apprehending offenders. Persons in the actual commission of such offence may be apprehended by any person, and carried before a magistrate, who may commit the offender if the penalty be not paid. Application of penalties. Fifty pounds penalty on persons summoned as witnesses not appearing, Sec. Commissioners shall not be required to grant a licence for dealing in lottery tickets, unless it shall appear that the party is able to answer the penalty required by law, and he shall have deposited a certain number of tickets, &c. Persons to whom licences are granted to give bond agreeably to 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. At the end of twelve months after expiration of licences, the of may give up bonds or put them In suit. Licences of persons neglecting to deposit or divide into shares fifty tickets to be void; and the defaulters to be published in the Gazette, Sec. In cases where licences under 22 Geo. 3. C. 47. are declared void, in such cases licences granted after the commencement of this act shall be void, for offences against this act, or 27 Geo. 3. c. 1. Licences may be refuled to persons convicted. Twenty pounds penalty on persons continuing on their houses the words, " Licensed to deal in lottery tickets/' alter expiration of their licences, See. Executors, &c. may be authorised to carry on business for the residue of the terms of licences. No tickets to be divided into any other shares than halyes, quarters, eighths, and fifteenths, on penalty of fifty pounds. Application and recovery of penalties. Form of shares of tickets.

L

OTTERY for the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five

Ticket, N°

(or as the Share may be)

The bearer of this share will be entitled to one part

of such beneficial chance as shall belong to the ticket numbered as above, in the lottery to be drawn by virtue and in pursuance of an act passed in the thirty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign.

Persons counterfeiting shares. See. guilty of felony. Persons preparing or having in their custody any register or lift of tickets but as herein particularized; or keeping any place for examining tickets by any other than such lift, See. to forfeit fifty pounds. On complaint on oath of offences against 27 Geo. 3. c. 1. whereby the parties may be liable to punishment as rogues, justices may authorisie persons to break open houses, Sec. Persons dificovered in such houses concerned in carrying on illegal transactions, to be punished as rogues, and may be arrested, &c. Persons obstructing officers may be fined, imprisoned and whipped. Persons employing or aiding others to carry on such illegal transactions, to be deemed rogues and vagabonds. Actions to be prosecuted in the name of the attorney general or an officer appointed by the of of stamps. Where the amount of the penalties sued for is not inserted in the writs, the defendant

to.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 37 — 40. 173

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

to be served with a copy of the process, Sec. Offenders adjudged rogues and vagabonds may be committed, and no appeal nor removeable by certiorari.

An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

[April 28, 1795.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, having taken into our most serious consideration your Majesty's most gracious message, signifying your Majesty's desire to be enabled by your faithful commons, to defray any extraordinary exoences which may be incurred for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and to take such measures as the exigency of affairs may require, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the sum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds for that purpose. — His Majesty may empower the treasury to cause loans to be received, or exchequer bills to be made for 2, 500, 0001. any time before, Jan. 5, 1796, agreeable to 35 Geo. 3. c-. 1. Powers of 35 Geo. 3. c. 1. to extend to this act. Loans or exchequer bills chargeable on the first aids.granted next ieftion, and if not granted before July 5, 1796, to be paid out of the consolidated fund. Monies issued from the consolidated fund to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank may advance money on the credit of this act.

An act to continue several laws relating to the granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax j to the discontinuing the duties payable on the importation of tallow, hogs lard, and grease 5 and to the prohibiting the importation of foreign wrought silks and velvets; and for making perpetual an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to prohibit the exportation of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and ftecl manufactures of this kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of artificers or workmen employed in those manufactures to go into parts beyond the seas.

[April 28, 1795.]

Act 29 Geo. a. c. 15. granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported, continued to June 24, 1796, &c. Act 7 Geo. 3. c. 12. to discontinue the duties on importation of tallow, &c. continued to March 25, 1799, Sec. Act 6 Geo. 3. c. 28. so far as relates to prohibiting the importation of foreign wrought silks and velvets continued to June 14, 1802, Sec. Act 26 Geo. 3. c. 89. extending to other tools and utensils an act 25 Geo. 3. c. 67. made perpetual.

An act for allowing a drawback of the duties upon coals used in carrying on the Pennygored works, in the county of Pembroke.

[April 28, 1795.]

A drawback to be allowed of duties paid for coals used in carrying on the Pennygored works, but not to exceed one thousand pounds in any one year.

An act to enable his Majesty to grant to the right honourable John earl of Upper Offory in the kingdom of Ireland, bn*on Upper Ofiory of Ampthill, in the county of Bedford, his heirs and assigns, in fee simple.

CAP. XXXVII.

CAP. XXXVIII.

CAP. XXXIX.

CAP. XL.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. — 43. [1795.

all the estate, right, title, and interest remaining in his Majesty, in and upon the haye or walk of Farming Woods, in the forest of Rockingham, in the county of Northampton, and also the reversion of certain offices, rents, and other hereditaments in the said county of Northampton, to which the said earl of Upper Offiory is entitled for three lives, under a grant from his present Majesty, upon a full and adequate consideration to be paid for the same.

[April 28, 1795.]

CAP. XLI.

An act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, ofana&made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for deepening, cleansing, and making more commodious the harbour of Aberdeen; for erecting new piers and quays therein; and for regulating illips and vessels trading into, and going out of, the said harbour.

[April 28, 1795.]

[Publick act.]

Ad 13 Geo. 3. c. 29, recited, and further continued for twenty-one years. Duties to be collected. Ships, &c. to pay a harbour duty at least double the sum which they were used to pay. Vessels not heretofore used to pay duties, shall pay the rates following. For every lliip or vessel of the burthen of fifty tons or under, one Hulling and threepence. Above fifty and under one hundred tons, two shillings and sixpence. From one hundred to one hundred and fifty tons, five shillings. And above one hundred and fifty tons, seven shillings and sixpence. Open boats under twenty tons, except employed in unloading ships, exempted from rates and duties. Officers of customs not to clear out ships until a voucher is shewn of the payment of the duties. Birth-master to keep a book to enter a list of ships coming into and failing out of the harbour. Ship-masters to give to the birth-master an account of their cargoes. Rates and duties subject to the payment of the money due on credit of the former act. Trustees may borrow twenty thousand pounds. Rates and duties may be lessened. Powers of the former a d extended to this act.

CAP. XLII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of three several acts, made in the sixth year of the reign of his majesty King George the First, in the seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every pint of ale, or beer, vended or sold within the town of Montrose and privileges thereof, for supplying the said town with fresh water, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

[April 28, 1795.]

CAP. XLIII.

An act for making a navigable cut from the grand junction canal, in the precind of Norwood, in the county of Middlesex, to Paddington, in the said county.

[April 28, 1795.]

[Publick act.]

Width of the cut not more than twenty yards, and towing paths with ditches, fences, Sec. twelve yards. Cut not to be made through certain lands belonging to Thomas Wood, esq. sir John Morftiead, bart. and Elizabeth his wife, and Robert Phiftlethwayte, esq. and Selina his wife, (as lessees of the fee of London) and of the bishop of London, without content of the owners thereof. Company obliged to vary a certain part of the line of the cut, if desired by Charles Brett, esq. No earth for making bricks to be taken from North Hyde Heath. Company to build and maintain a bridge over the cut in Porto Bello farm. Rates. For all Ijme, allies and manure, passing westward upon the cut, one penny per ton per mile. For all separate packages, pareels, &c. not exceeding two hundred weight each, belonging and ^onsigned to different or distinct persons, one halfpenny per mile. And for all other goods, wares, See. one penny halfpenny per ton per mile. No boat of less than twenty tons, or carrying passengers, to pass on the cut without permission. Land owners to be admitted subscribers in certain cases.

' y n CAP.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 44 — 46. 175 CAP. XLIV.

An act to enable the most noble Francis duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable cut from his present navigation in the township of Worftey, in the county palatine of Lancasser, to the township of Pennington, near the town of Leigh, in the Laid county.

[April s3, 1795.]

[Publick act.]

Power to make the cut. For every ton of coal, stone, timber, and other goods conveyed by the said cut, two shillings and flxpence. Lands used for the cut to be taxed in proportion to other lands. Land owners empowered to make wharfs, &c. Preserving right to work mines.

CAP. XLV.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an act, made and passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, repairing, and keeping in repair, Finsbury Square, in the parish of Saint Luke, in the county of Middlesex, and part of the manor of Finsbury, and certain other streets and places communicating with or near to the said square; and for preventing or removing nuisances and annoyances within the same.

[April 38, 1795.]

[Publick act.]

Act 31 Geo. 3. c. 90, recited. So much of recited act as limits the ex cent or the rate to be laid repealed. Rates to be made not exceeding four shillings in the pound. Trustees may borrow two thousand pounds. For effectually extending the powers of the former act and this act to Middle Moorhelds and the quarters in Moorfields. Separate accounts of optional streets to be kept. Rates on houses, See. in Finsbury Square, &c. or money borrowed and cheargeable thereon, not applicable to optional streets. Fourteen days notice to be given previous to raising money. Securities to be entered in books. No preference to securities on account of prior date. Compensation to the parish of Saint Luke, not to be prejudiced. Extending all the provisions of the former act to this act.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for laying out and making a new street from Whitefriar-gate to the south end of Quay-street, within the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull.

[April 28, 1795.]

Certain persons empowered to make the new street and to take down buildings. Power to purchase buildings and grounds. Conveyances to be registerered in the publick register office at Beverley in Yorkshire. How lands purchased are to be conveyed to and veiled in trustees. For determining leases. No houses, Sec. to be taken without consent of the owners, unless notice be given before the ffrll day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven. The trustees when reduced to three shall convey to the committee upon the same trulls. Committee appointed. Vacancies in the committee shall be filled up in a month. Committee to make calls for money from the subscribers. Committee may admit new subscribers. Power to grant leases. Rents to be applied as the subscribers shall appoint. Power to sell lands purchased under certain restrictions. The money raised by such lales to be applied as the subscribers shall appoint. Committee to be chargeable only for the monies they receive. A treasurer and clerk of secretary to be appointed. General meeting of subscribers on the first of August yearly. Subscribers may make orders. Appeal. Subscribers may sue and be sued in the name of their treasurer or clerk or secretary* Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble calls. Saving of the privileges of Hull. Publick act,

Cap.

176 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 47 — 49. [1795.

CAP. XLVII.

An act for taking down the chapel of the chapelry of Haydon, in the parish of Warden, in the county of Northumberland, and for building a new chapel, in a convenient situation within the said chapelry.

[April a8, 1795.]

[Publick act.]

Trustees names. Three trustees may ad. Trustees dying, &c. others maybe chosen. First meeting of trustees to be within one month after passing this act. Seven days notice to be given of meetings. If three trustees do not meet, an adjournment to be made for a fortnight. Questions at meetings to be determined by a majority of trustees present. Trustees may appoint officers, &c. taking security from them. Contracts to be in writing. A rate to be made of eight-pence halfpenny in the pound. Recovery of rate. Chapelwardens to account. Monies received and proceedings, &c. of trustees to be entered in a book. Old chapel to be taken down and new chapel built. Monuments, &c. to betaken down. Mural monuments only to be placed in the new chapel. Pews to be set out for the vicar, chapelwardens, and for christenings, churchings, and for the poor, &c. Pews or feats to be set out to owners of such in the old chapel. Residue of pews to be allotted to owners of messuages, &c. in the chapelry for the use of their tenants. Pews to be numbered. The new chapel to be called Haydon Chapel. No burials in the new chapel. Divine service, &c. to be performed in the school house at Haydon bridge, until the new chapel is completed. Scite of old chapel and chapel yard to continue as a burial place. Right of presentation reserved to T. R. Beaumont, esq. and his wife patrons. Rights of vicar continued. Rights of the ordinary reserved. Actions to be in the name of the treasurer or clerk to the trustees. Subscriptions may be recovered by action of debt. Appeal. General issue. Treble costs. Power to grant a further piece of ground for increasing the chapel yard.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for amending two acts of the thirtieth year of King George the Second, and the thirty-second year of his present Majesty, so far as relates to the draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds within the township or hamlet of March, in the Isle of Ely, and county of Cambridge.

[April 28, 1795.]

[Publick act.]

Commissioners appointed. First meeting of of to be on the third Wednesday after passing this act. Certain parts of the commons shall be alTelTed as fen lands. Commissioners to meet yearly on the first Wednesday in May, and last Wednesday in October, and make an annual rate of two shillings an acre. Tenants to pay the tax, and dedud the same out of the rents. Application of rates. Power to borrow one thousand five hundred pounds. Securities may be assigned. Rates charged with the principal monies, and vested in the creditors. Power to take earth for making banks, &c.

CAP. XLIX.

An act for granting to his Majesty a duty on certificates issued for using hair poivder.

[April 3o, 1795 3

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising the neceflaryiupplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences5 and making such permanent addition to the publick

revenue

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49-7

revenue as shall be adequate to the increased charge occasiorleci by any loan to be raised, or (lock to be created, by virtue of any act or acts for that purpose to be passed in this section of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and sucessors, the stamp duty following; that is to iay, That every person who shall use or wear any powder commonly called Hair Persons wear-Powder, of whatever materials the same shall be made, shall pre- hair pow-vi.ously enter his or her name and place of abode, and annually out a certiH-take out a certificate thereof, in the manner herein mentioned; ca[e annually, and that upon every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or chargeable piece of paper, upon which any certificate issued to any such w*th a stamp person shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, there shall be 0 1 charged a stamp duty of one pound and one shilling.

II. AndL> in order to prevent the application of other names to any All powder powder which shall he used as hair powder^ with intent to evade the yr°rn as an ar" payment of the said duty, be it further enacted by the authority d^eined aforesaid, That every fort or composition of powder which shall hair powder, be used or worn by any person as an article of his or her dress,

by whatever name the same shall be distinguished, shall be deemed hair powder within the intent and meaning of this act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Act not to exin this act: contained shall extend, or be construed to exend, to tend to the

any of the royal family, or to any of the immediate servants of roY^ family, u* A/r a J Ml, {- r c, ortheinmme-

his Majesty, or any of the royal family, serving in any of the ca- hiate servants.

pacities enumerated or defended in or by an act:, passed in the Seventeenth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty a duty upon all servants retained or employed in the several capacities therein mentioned; and for repealing fever a I rates and duties upon glays, imposed by an at1 ? made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon glass in lieu thereof and for the better collecting the duties upon glass; and for repealing the several rates and duties charged by an act made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, upon all persons and bodies' politick and corporate, having certain quantities cj fiver plate.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Exemptions, in this act: contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the duty hereby imposed any clergyman who shall not be po {Petted of an annual income of one hundred pounds, or upwards, whether arising from ecclesiastical preferment or otherwise; nor any subaltern or non-commi(honed officer, or private man, belonging to any regiment in the army, artillery, militia,

Vol. XL. N division

paying for two

Act not to extend to differing

178 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1795.

division of marines, corps of engineers, or fencible corps; nor any officer employed in his Majesty's navy under the rank of commander.

Exemptions. V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be confirmed to extend, to charge with the duty hereby imposed any officer or private man in any corps of yeomanry, or volunteers, either cavalry or infantry, raised by virtue of an act of the thirty-fourth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for encouraging and disciplining such corps or companies of men as shall voluntarily enrol the?selves for the defence of their counties, towns, or coojhy or for the general defence of the kingdom during the present war.

Persons^hav- VI. provided also, and be it enacted, That any person who tw^immarrb ^ave more t'ian two daughters unmarried shall be at liberty, cd daughters, oa paying the duty by this act imposed for two of the number, to receive a to receive a certificate or certificates in the manner provided by ^or for the whole number, of whom he shall give an account;

°n and that neither the person giving such account, or any of the persons included in such certificate, shall in such case be liable to any of the penalties imposed by this act by reason of the duty not being paid for the whole number.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be continued to extend, to ]- not charge with the duty hereby imposed, any preacher or preachers possdTed of any congregation of dissenters, or any person difienting from of an income the church of England in holy orders, or pretended holy orders, of iool. who now is, or at any time hereafter shall be entitled to the benefit of the statute, made in the first year of the reign of the late King William and Queen Mary, intituled An act for exempting their Majesies protestant fibjests, dissenting from the church ^England from the penalties of certain laws; or of the statute, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the further relief of protefant dissenting ?niniflers and schoolmafers; or of the statute, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to relieve, upon conditions, and under restrictions, the person therein defer ibed, from certain penalties and disabilities to which papists, or persons professing the popifl) religion, are by law subject; and who shall not be possessed of an annual income of one hundred pounds or upwards, however arising.

Duty to be

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, under the ma-for the more effectual levying, collecting, and paying the said ^e'commi? duties herein-before granted, the same shall be under the govern-lioners for " rnent, care, and management of the commissioners for the time stamps, being appointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vel-

lum, parchment, and paper, who, or the major part of them, are required and empowered to denote the payment of the said duty by this act imposed, either by ufipg any stamps in their possession heretofore provided to be used in relation to any former duties on stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, or to provide new stamps for that purpose; and to renew or alter the same from time to

time

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. 179

time as they shall see occasion, and to do all things necessary to be done for putting this act in execution with relation to the said duty hereby granted, in as full and ample a manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorised to put in execution any. former law concerning {lamped vellum, parchment, or paper.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, Commission-for the greater convenience in paying the said duty, the said com- offices within* missioners of stamp duties, by any writing under the hands and certain limits seals of any three or more of them, shall and may appoint such for receipt and so many offices and places within the limits of ten miles from the head office of stamp duties in Middlesex, for the receipt ^ffiributors* of all accounts of the names and places of abode of persons liable to appoint to the payment of the said duty within the said limits, in pur- them without fuance of this ac5b; and that the respective head distributors of ^ch limits, {lamps shall also, without the said limits, in their respective divisions, with the consent and approbation of the said of, appoint in every county, riding, division, shire, {lewartry, or place, in Great Britain, one or more such offices and places for the receipt of all accounts of the names and places of abode of all other persons liable to the payment of the said duty without the limits of ten miles from the head office as aforesaid; all which Offices to be said offices and places shall respectively be kept open for the pur- kePc open as poses of this a Cl, on such days, and during such periods of the |One^s^shall" year, as the said of shall from time to time direct; direct, who which directions, and also the situation of the respective offices shall cause the and places aforesaid, the said of shall cause to be, same and their from time' to time, publickly advertised in some newspiaper, to^e^adve?0* 'usually circulated in the neighbourhood of such offices or places tifed. respectively, with the names of the officers appointed to Superintend the same.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, Persons liable, from and after the fifth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or within the space of one calendar month next tificates to be ensuing, every person liable to the duty by this act imposed, shall made out in make such entry as aforesaid, by delivering, or causing to be de- the following livered, according to the directions' of this act, into the head forjin8*

Office of {lamps, or such other office as the said of shall appoint within the limits aforesaid, or into the office of the head distributors of {lamps, or their deputies, or other persons appointed to receive the same, an account in writing, containing his or her name and place of abode, and whether he or she is a housekeeper, or one of the family, or a lodger, inmate, apprentice, or servant, abiding in the house of any person, with the day, month, and year of delivering in the same; and such of, or their distributors respectively, or their respective deputies, or such other person or persons who shall be appointed to receive such accounts at the office or place of delivery, shall thereupon, and upon payment of the said duty, issue a certificate, made out in the name of the proper officer, and stamped, to denote the duty by this a Cl imposed, in the form and manner herein after directed; and which account and certificate shall respectively be made out in the forms following; (that is to lay),

N 2,

FOTU

iglc

FORM of ACCOUNT.

a n> -t Day of in the year of our Lord

; set forth the county and parish, v or town, where the office is fit Here set forth the [ name or names of the parties. Here set forth the place of abode, containingtown, street, parish, and county. Here set forth whether the party is housekeeper, one of the family, videlicet, wife, son, daughter, &c. (as the case may be lodger, inmate, apprentice, or servant, and the year for which the certificate is to be taken out.

g % Q O.1 n> co rr

FORM of CERTIFICATE.

Counterpart. Form of certificate.

Column for the No. of certificate and date.

Column for name and place of abode and description.

Column for the county and

name of officer.

3

3

c

s±>

o

VO

w

3

3

c

EL

o-

c

Here set forth the No., of certificate and date.

Here set forth the name and place of abode of the party, or other defer! ption that may be necessary.

Here set forth the county and town or parish where the certificate is issued, and the name of the officer issuing the same, and the year for which the certificate is issued.

-4

\o

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. 181

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Determina-every certificate issued by virtue of this act shall cease and deter- £^t^s#Cer mine on the fifth day of April in the year for which the same shall be issued; and every certificate taken out after the fifth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or within one calendar month afterwards, for the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or in any subsequent year, for the year in which the same shall be issued, shall be in force until and upon the fifth day of April then next following, and shall commence from the date thereof; and every certificate taken out for any year subsequent to the year in which the same shall be issued, shall commence from the fifth day of April then next ensuing, and continue in force until and upon the fifth day of April in the succeeding year.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the names of all or any number of persons residing respectively fa^e dwelling in the same dwelling house may be included in one account, or may be in one the accounts may be several, at the election of such person or account, but persons. but that a several certificate shall in every case be issued ccr5^cates to in respea of each person. fol'

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the mailer or mistress of any servant or Matters pay-servants shall declare his or her intention to pay the duties which serv^nts^ may be charged or chargeable in pursuance of this act, in respect ^receive^ of any such servant or servants using or wearing hair powder, certificates, and shall deliver, in manner herein-before directed with respect which shall to persons paying for themselves the duties imposed by this act,

a true and faithful account of all such servants by him or her kept, the CfameS m in respect of whom such duties are intended to be paid, setting capacity, forth the several capacities in which such servants are respectively kept, it shall be lawful thereupon, and upon payment of the duties for the several servants specified in such account, to issue and deliver to such mafier or mistress a distinct certificate in respect of each such servant for whom such duty shall be so paid as aforesaid; every such certificate to set forth, in words at length, the particular capacity in which such servant shall be hired and shall serve; and every such certificate shall be deemed and construed to extend to the servant named therein during his or her continuance in the same service, and also to every servant who shall come into the service of such master or mistress during the continuance of such certificate, in the room of such servant so named therein, to serve in the same capacity; and no servant serving such master or mistress in any capacity mentioned in such certificate shall, during the continuance thereof, be required for himself or herself to obtain any other certificate in pursuance of this act, nor shall such servant be liable to the payment of any duty whilst such service shall continue and such certificate shall remain in force, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of of the stamn duties shall cause to

f ci s 10 prepirs

u3 be

i8z Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1795.

books con- be prepared books, in which every leaf shall be divided and dif-tfficates^c dinguished into two columns, in each of which columns there shall be printed an equal number of certificates in blank, for the names, places of abode, and description, of the persons reflectively to whom the same shall be issued to be inserted therein, all which certificates shall be of equal length and breadth as near as may be, and the said two columns shall be joined with some flourish, or device, through which the outermost certificate may be cut off indentwise, and that all certificates in the Inner column of the said books shall be numbered progressively as they shall be placed therein, beginning such progressive enumeration at the end of every year, ending on the fifth day of April as aforesaid, in respect of each office where certificates shall be granted in pursuance of this act, and that also the certificates in the outer column shall be numbered in like manner, every successive certificate in the outer column bearing the same number with the corresponding certificate in the inner column of such books, and the certificates in the outer column of such book or books shall severally be damped with a damp, to denote the duty by this add imposed; and the said of shall take care to provide the several distributors, or other officers to be appointed to receive accounts from persons liable to the said duty by virtue of On payment this add, with sufficient numbers of the said books of two columns, of duty, cer- containing such certificates as aforesaid, that all and every the said "and6 Persons ma>7 be Aipplied with certificates damped in pursuance of delivered?11 this act, as they shall require the same; and the said of and head distributors respectively, or their officers aforesaid, who shall receive any account or accounts, together with the duties payable by virtue of this add as aforesaid, shall forthwith in respedd of each and every person whose name and place of abode shall be entered therein, fill up one of the said certificates in the outer column of the said books in the order they are placed therein, with the name, place of abode, and description of such person entering such account, and the date of issuing the same; and shall in like manner fill up the corresponding certificate in the inner column of the said books with the said particulars, so that such certificate in the said inner column may form a counterpart of the corresponding certificate in the outer column; and, as the same are severally filled up as aforesaid, shall cause the certificates in the outer columns to be carefully cut off indentwise, and delivered to the respective persons requiring the same in manner aforesaid, on payment of the duties hereby imposed in respefil thereof, and without fee or other charge. to^return°rS XV.^further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

books of cer- the respective distributors, and officers aforesaid, shall, whenever tificates to the they shall be thereunto required by the said of of commission- stamp duties, return the said books where from the certificates to transm^lifts as aforesaid shall have been cut indentwise, to the said

annually of of at their head office in Middlesex; and the said the persons of shall cause one corredd -lift, in alphabetical order, who have ob- be made out annually, before the first day of November in

every

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. 183

every year of all and every the persons who shall have obtained cer- tained certifi-tificates in pursuance of this act, for each county, riding, division, c.ar€S2? the shire, stewartry, or place in Great Britain, containing the names, clerks of the places of abode, and description of such persons respectively, and peace, &c. shall transmit a correct copy thereof to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, sheriff depute, or fie wart clerk, or their respective deputies, of such county, riding, division, shire, stewartry, or place, which lifts and copies respectively, at the head office of stamps, and at the respective offices of such clerks of the peace, town clerks, sheriffs depute, and stewart clerks, or their respective deputies, shall be open to the inspection of any person, at all seasonable hours, on payment of sixpence, and no more; and the to said of, by their officers, and the said clerks of the [°£3coPies 0 peace, town clerks, sheriffs depute, or stewart clerks, or their respective deputies, are hereby required and directed, upon demand, to deliver a true copy or copies of all such lifts, or parts of lifts, in their possession, or of such of them as a copy shall be demanded, to any person or persons whatever, (such copy or copies, purporting to be a true copy or copies, to be certified and signed by such officers, clerks of the peace, town clerks, sheriffs depute, or stewart clerks, or their deputies respectively), for which no greater fee than three-pence shall be charged, unless the copies lo demanded shall contain the entries of two or more persons, in which case there shall be paid at the rate of sixpence for every two persons whose names are certified therein; which Lifts and co-said lifts, and parts of lifts, and also a copy signed as aforesaid, of Pj?s^4* them, or any of them, or any part thereof, shall, at all times and ^ence. at all places, be allowed and admitted as legal evidence of a certificate having been obtained by the person or persons whose names shall be certified therein; and such copy shall and may be Copies may-required by any justice of the peace in Great Britain, before whom required any prosecution shall be depending, to be delivered gratis, on no- justices tice in writing being left at the office of the said of, clerks of the peace, town clerks, sheriffs depute, or stewart clerks respectively, or their respective deputies, to whom respectively the same shall appertain,

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said respective clerks of the peace, town clerks, sheriffs Clerk of the depute, and stewart clerks, or their respective deputies, shall, peace, &c. to wfithin six weeks after the receipt of the copy of such lift, make p^s Clifts to out, or cause to be made out therefrom, correct lifts of all and [he parish of-every the persons named therein, for each city or town, parlih fleers, &c. to and place, within such county, riding, division, shire, or stewar- be 0

try, and shall, within the said period, or seven days after, cause doors^&c the same to be respectively transmitted to the churchwardens or'overseers of the poor, constables, tythingmen, or other peace officers, of or within such city, town, parish, or place, or to some or one of them, who shall, within three days after the receipt of any such lift, cause a true and exact copy thereof to be affixed on the church or chapel doors and market cross (if any) of such city, town, parish, or place; and if such town or place shall next '

n 4. have

Penalty on ptv'ons de* facing such copies*

Penalty for

184 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1795.

have a church or chapel, then on the church or chapel doer of the next adjoining parish, and shall cause the same to be, from time to time, replaced, for the space of four weeks then nexten-suing; and as often as it shall be necessary for that purpose shall, from time to time during the said space of four weeks, affix other copies thereof in like manner; and every person wilfully tearing, defacing, or removing, any such copy so affixed within the said space of four weeks, shall forfeit for every offence, the sum of forty shillings, on conviction before a justice of the peace, as herein after is directed, to be paid, one moiety thereof to such churchwarden or overseers of the poor, constable, tythingman, or other peace officer aforesaid, and the other moiety thereof to the informer or informers.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the expiration of one calendar month after the fifth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, out o^r for any person shall use or wear as an article of his or her dress transferring, any powder commonly called Hair Powder, of whatever ma-orfraudulent- terials the same shall be made, or by whatever other name the Cei" same shall be distin guished or calied, without having obtained a certificate from the proper officer of {lamps in the county, riding, division, shire, stewartry, or place, where such person shall reside, in pursuance and according to the directions of this act, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, which shall be sued for and recovered in the county, riding, division, shire, stewartry, or place, where such offender shall be; and if any person having obtained any such certificate shall afterwards fell, transfer, assign, or deliver the same, to any other person, with intent that such certificate shall be fraudulently made use of to the diminution of his Majesty's revenue granted by this act, or if any person shall fraudulently use any such certificate in order to evade the payment of the said duty by this act imposed, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of thirty pounds.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the

Person9 from authority aforesaid, That no person who shall come into this

foreign parts kingdom from foreign parts, shall be required to obtain his or her obtah^cer- certificate, in pursuance of this act, before the expiration of'iificates till % i twenty-one days next after such arrival; the proof of such per-days after son's arrival from foreign parts, and of the time of such arrival,

arrival. shall lie upon the party claiming such privilege.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, p*°aceS Sc" to ^ie respective clerks of the peace, town clerks, sheriffs de-

be" re warded pute, and stewart clerks, or their respective deputies, or other officers aforesaid, who are hereby respectively required to execute this act in any of the particulars herein mentioned, and who shall respectively execute the same to the satisfaction of the commissioners of stamp duties for the time being, or the major part of them, shall have, and be entitled to such reasonable rewards, (to be paid by the said commissioners of stamp duties out of any duties fifing on {lamped vellum, parchment, or paper), as the commissioners for their trouble.

1795.] regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. 184

missioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, shall authorise and direct, for their care and trouble in and about the execution of this add, over and above' their respective expences in the same, to be paid in like manner; and that such reasonable reward as the said of of stamp duties shall from time to time authorise, shall also be given and allowed to the respective churchwardens, overseers of the poor, constables, tythingmen, or other peace officers, for any thing done by them respectively in the execution of this act, to be paid by the clerks of the peace, town clerks, sheriffs depute, stewart clerks, or their deputies, or other officers aforesaid, respectively employing such constables, tythingmen, or other peace officers, to be charged in their accounts with the said of of damp, duties.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Penalty on if any officer appointed to receive accounts of persons names and pQ^ted m re* places of abode in pursuance of this act, or to make out and issue ^ejve ac_ certificates, or to return lifts or copies thereof, shall neglect to counts, or to perform his or their duty in the execution of such office, with make out cer-relation to the powers and trusts vested in them respectively by this act according to the rules and directions herein mentioned, duty, or shall commit or suffer to be committed any undue or fraudulent practice in the execution of such office, and be thereof lawfully convinced, then such officer, or other person aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such persons who are or shall be appointed surveyors, in Surveyors of

pursuance of any act or acts of parliament for the duties on houses houses and

and windows or lights, shall and may, within fourteen days after windows to, r, -. 1 r*-7 1 ?.give notice to

the firth day of April yearly, give or leave notice to or for every occupiers of

occupier of any dwelling house where any person, liable to the houses to pro-duties hereby imposed, shall reside within the limits of the places duce lifts an-for which such surveyors are to act, at his or her dwelling house, p^nts°there-(and where such dwelling houses shall be divided into different in wh0 iiave stories or apartments, and occupied distinctly by several persons, worn hair then to or for the occupier of each districts, story, or apartment), powder, &c. to prepare and produce, within fourteen days next ensuing the day of giving such notice, a list, in writing, to the best of his or her belief, of the christian and surname of each and every person resident in such dwelling house, and liable to the duty hereby imposed, who shall, within the year ending the fifth day of April preceding such notice, to his or her knowledge, have used or worn hair powder, and the situation or capacity of such person in respect of the family or families in such dwelling house; in which lift, all persons of the family, and all apprentices, servants, lodgers, and inmates, which, to the best of his or her knowledge or belief, are respectively liable to the said duty, whether such persons, or any of them, shall have obtained certificates in pursuance of this act or not, shall be included; and every such occupier shall, after such notice so given or left, make out such lift, and figu the lame with his or her own name, and shall also,

u at

1.86

Penalty of aol. or, occupiers for neglect.

Surveyors to transmit lifts to the commissioners for taxes, who shall transmit copies to the of of stamps.

Occupiers not to include in lift, residents who have ufu.d residence elsewhere.

Period for which first lifts shall be made out.

Application and recovery of penalties sued for within three months.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1795.

at the same time, make a declaration, signed by him or her, of the county, riding, division, shire, stewartry, or place, where such occupier lo resident shall have obtained, or doth intend to obtain, his or her certificate, and whether for himself or herself only', or for any part of his or her family or servants, and deliver the same, or cause the same to be delivered, to such surveyor; and if any such occupier shall neglect or refuse to make out, sign, and deliver, such lift, or to make such declaration as aforesaid within the time hereinbefore limited, or shall omit any person who ought to have been included therein, in pursuance of this aT, and who shall, to his or her knowledge, have used or worn hair powder within the period prescribed in such notice, every such occupier shall for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, add shall be liable to prosecution for every such offence, and to be deemed guilty thereof, whether it shall appear that the person so omitted or not returned according to the directions of this act hath or hath not obtained for himself or herself a certificate, according to the directions of this act, or hath or hath not been prosecuted for any such offence, and whether such person, so omitted or not returned, is or is not amenable to justice for any offence against this act; and that the conviction of any such occupier, for any such neglefit or omission, shall not be deemed to exempt the person so omitted or not returned from paying the duty by this actimposed, or from prosecution or punishment for any offence against this act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the persons appointed surveyors shall transmit such lifts so delivered to them respectively as aforesaid, to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes at their office in Middlesex, who shall within a convenient time transmit a full and exact copy of the names and descriptions of all persons named or described therein, to the said of of stamp duties.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall be required to include in the lift made out by him or her, any persons reftdent in his or her house, who have respectively places of usual residence elsewhere in Great Britain.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in the first lift to be made out in pursuance of this act, the same shall be made for all the persons resident in any such dwelling house, who shall have used or worn hair powder as aforesaid, at any time between the fifth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That one moiety of all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures hereby imposed (except where other provisions are expressly made) shall (if sued for within the space of three calendar months from the time of any such penalty or forfeiture being incurred) be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof, With full costs of luit, to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same within the time aforesaid, and which shall and may be sued for in his Majesty's court of exchequer at Westmin-

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. 187

fter for offences committed in England, and in his Majesty's court of exchequer at Edinburgh for offences committed in Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted That in

default of prosecution within the time herein-before limited, no the limited such penaltyor forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable except time, not rein the name of his Majesty's attorney general in England, or coverable, exadvocate in Scotland., by information in the respective courts ^ea^eino^e aforesaid; and in which case the whole of such penalty or forfeiture attorney gene-shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and that all rai? &c. and penalties and forfeitures, and shares of penalties and forfeitures, to be applied incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or fuc- ^J^einmen- ^cessors, shall be paid into the hands of the receiver general of his tlone Majesty's stamp duties for the time being; and that in all cases where the whole of such pecuniary penalties or forfeitures shall be recovered to the use of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, it shall be lawful for the said of to cause such rewards as they shall think fit, not exceeding one moiety of such penalties or forfeitures so recovered, after deducting all charges and expences incurred in recovering the same, to be paid thereout or amongst any person or persons who shall appear to them to be entitled thereto, either as discoverers or informers in respect to such penalties or forfeitures so recovered; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for Justices may

any justice of the peace residing near the place where the offence ^etermin^ °f-

j j*o r.fences where

shall be committed, to hear and determine any offence against tjle penalty

this act which subjects the offender to any pecuniary penalty, not does not ex-exceeding twenty pounds, which said justice of the peace is hereby ceed 20b authorised and required upon any information exhibited, or complaint made in that behalf, within three calendar months after the offence committed, to summon the party accused, giving to each party three days notice to appear, and also the witnesses on either side, and to examine into the matter of fact, and upon proof made thereof, either by voluntary confession of the party accused, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or otherwise, as the case may require, to give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture, as in and by this act is directed, to be divided, one moiety thereof to the poor of the parish or place where Application of the offence shall be committed, and the other moiety thereof to the Penahy. informer or informers, and to award and issue out his warrant under his hand and seal for the levying the said penalty so adjudged, on the Penalty may goods of the offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any); and where the goods of such offender cannot be found fumcient to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, there to remain for any lpace of time not exceeding fix nor less than three calendar months, unless such

pecuniary

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the <jcaster sessions.

Costs may be awarded.

justice pray adjourn the hearing of a complaint where the par

in another place,

1S8 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1795.

pecuniary penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if either party shall find himself or themselves aggrieved by the judgement cf any such justice, then he or they shall and may, upon giving security, to the amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, together with such costs as shall be awarded, in case such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general quarter feftio ns for the county, riding, division, shire, ffevvartry, or place, which shall happen after fourteen days next after such conviction shall have been made, and of which appeal reasonable notice shall be given, who are hereby empowered to iummon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the judgement of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons appealing to pay such colls occasioned by such appeal as to them shall seem meet: provided also, that in case the party accused of any offence in uiing or wearing hair ty infills that powder, without obtaining a certificate according to this act, he has obtain- shall infill in his excuse before the justice of the peace, that he ed a certificate has obtained a certificate in any other county or place, and shall, on his oath or affirmation, alledge and set forth the county or place, and time of obtaining the same, it shall be lawful at the request of the party accused, for the said justice of the peace to adjourn the hearing and determination of the complaint to a future time or times, to be in the discretion of the said justice, in order for the party accused to produce his certificate, or such entry or copy thereof, under the hand of the proper officer, as herein is di reded; and if at the end of the time or times so to be allowed, such party shall net produce to such justice of the peace Penalties may pueh certificate, or an entry or copy thereof as aforesaid, the said justice shall proceed to, the hearing and determination of such complaint in the manner before directed: provided nevertheless, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice, where he shall see cause, to mitigate and lessen any such penalties as he shall think fit, (reasonable costs and charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such mitigation), and so as such mitigation doth not reduce the penalties to less than the moiety of the penalties incurred over and above the said colls and charges; any thing contained in this act to the contrary not with Handing.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses to give evidence before such justice, touching any of the matters relative to this act, and shall negle61 or refuse to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by such justice of the peace, or appearing, shall refuse to be examined on oath and give evidence before whom the prosecution shall be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of forty shillings, to be levied and paid in such manner and by such means as is herein directed as to other penalties.

be mitigated.

Penalty on ivitneiles ne-

pear, or to give evidence

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justice of the peace before whom any offender shall be Conviction convicted as aforesaid, shall cause the said conviction to be made ^/in'th^fol out in the manner and form following, or in any other form of lowing form.' words to the same effect, mutatls mutandis, (that is to say),

TBE it remembered, That on the day of in

i X) the year of our Lord in the county of A.B. of was convicted before

c me C.D. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for

c residing near the place where the offence was committed, for

that the said A.B. on the day of nowlaft

past, did, contrary to the form of the statute in that case made and provided, (here jlate the offence atgainji the act); and I do

declare and adjudge that the said A.B. hath forfeited the sum

of of lawful money of Great Britain for the

i offence aforesaid, to be destribuetd as the law directs. Given

under my hand and seal the day of

Which conviction the said justice shall cause to be wrote fairly Convictions to

upon parchment, and returned to the next general or quarter be kept among rt # the county rc

sessions of the peace for the county, nding, division, mire, (te- corcjs an

wartry, or place, where such conviction was made, to be filed by not remove*

the proper officer there, and there to remain and be kept among able into any

the records of the same county, riding, division, shire, stewartry, other court*

or place $ and no such conviction shall be removed by certiorariy

or other process, into any court whatsoever.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if in any action, fu it, Persons claim-

information, or prosecution, against any person for non-payment teg exemp-of the duty imposed by this act, any dispute shall arise whether P[ove

such person is entitled to be exempted from such payment, in

every such case the proof thereof shall lie upon the person claiming such exemption, who shall and may be permitted to alledge the same on his oath or affirmation, or other sufficient evidence, to be produced and shewn by him or her, any thing in this act contained, or any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding; and if such person shall be a beneficed clergyman, Income ofbe« the income a riling from his benefice or benefices shall be eiti- neficed clergy-

mated on the average amount thereof, as nearly as the same can ffen4t0.^e % r ., & J ,j r r'timated on the

be ascertained, computed on the period or (even years next pre- averse of 7

ceding that in which such action, suit, information, or profecu- yearst

tion, shall be brought or commenced.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be Penalty for counterfeited or forged, any stamp or mark directed or allowed to be counterfeiting, used, or provided, made, or used, in pursuance of this act, for the stamps. purpose of denoting the duty by this act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, with intention to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors,of the said duty, or shall utter, vend, fell, or expose to sale, any vellum, parchment, or paper, liable to the said

190 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 49. [1795.

said duty, with such counterfeit mark or impression thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or shall privately or fraudulently use any (lamp directed or allowed to be used by this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of the said duty; every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Provisoss of That all powers, provisoes, articles, clauses, allowance on present latin^payment of the duty, and all other matters and things prescribed ltarnp duties, and appointed by any former act or adits of parliament relating to to extend to the stamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, (and not hereby tin# aft. altered), shall ^as far as the same are applicable) be in full force

and effect with relation to the duty hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing, the said duty hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been re-enacted with relation to the said duty -hereby imposed.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Duties to be That the duties herein-before granted shall be paid from time to paid to the re- time into the hands of the receiver general for the time being of of stampsnt^le ^ut*es on statnped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall

pay the same (the necessary charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time and in such manner as the duties charged on ffamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid; and the said money" so paid into the said receipt as aforesaid shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund. Duties to be

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That applied in de- the monies arising or to arise of the duty hereby granted, or so in^reased"^ much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an addition charge occa- made to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the increased iioned by any charge occasioned by any loan made, or flock created or to be Joan of this created, by virtue of any act or acts passed or to be passed in this e ion* felTion of parliament; and that the said monies shall, during the

space of ten years next ensuing, be paid into the said receipt, distindUy and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue, and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books in which all the monies arising from the said duty, and paid into the said receipt, shall, together with the monies arising from anyr other rates and duties granted in this session of parliament for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as' aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatever.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 50 — 53. 191

CAP. L.

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes 5 and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been stamped, have been loft or mistaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly damped; to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors; for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have negtefted to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose and for giving further time to such persons as have omitted to pay the duties on the indentures and contracts of clerks, apprentices or servants.

[April 30, 1795.]

CAP. LI.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the town and county of the town of Southampton to the city of New Sarum in the county of Wilts, with a collateral branch to Northam within the liberties of the town of Southampton.

CAP. LII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Thames or Isis, at or near the town of Abingdon, in the county of Berks, to join or communicate with the Kennet and Avon canal, at or near the town of Trowbridge, in the county of Wilts } and also certain navigable cuts therein described.

CAP. LIII.

An act for further regulating the sending and receiving letters free from the duty of poftnge; for allowing non-commissioned officers, seamen, and private meny in the navy and army, whiljt on jcrvicey to send and receive letters at a low rate of pofage; and for permitting patterns and samples of goods to he transmitted by the pof at an eafur rate than is noiv allowed by law.

[May 5, 1795.]

WHEREAS it is expedient further to regulate the sending and receiving letters and packets free from the duty of posage; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, no letter or packet whatsoever, feat by the poll: from any piace within the kingdom of Great Britain, directed by or to any member of either of the two houses of parliament of Great Britain, shall be exempted from the payment of the duty of pofsage, according to the rates by law established, if such letter or packet shall exceed one ounce in weight.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no letter or packet, directed by any member of either of the said two houses of parliament, shall, from and after the passing of this

x aft.

[Preamble.]

No letter to or from any member of either house of parliament exceeding one ounce exempt from polfoge;

nor any letter, unless the member directing it be

igz

within 20 miles of the post town, on the day or day before, it is put into the office.

No member to fend more than io, or receive more than 15 letters free, daily.

How postage shall be charged for letters exceeding the limited number.

Persons authorised officially to send and receive letters free, to continue to do so.

Votes, proceedings in parliament, and newspapers, may be lent in open covers, &c.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 53. [1795.

abl, be exempted from the payment of the duty of postage, unless the member whose name shall be indorsed thereon, pursuant to the laws now in force, shall actually be in the post town into the post office of which every such letter or packet shall be put; or within the limits of the delivery of letters for such post town, or within twenty miles of such post town, on the day, or on the day before the day, on which such letter or packet shall be put into the post office.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no member of either of the said two houses of parliament shall be entitled or allowed to fend by the post, free from the duty of postage, superferibed or directed by him, more than ten letters in any one day 5 nor shall be entitled or allowed to receive by the post, free from the duty of postage, more than fifteen letters directed to him in any one day.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever the number of letters or packets, not weighing more than one ounce each, sent or received by any member of either of the two houses of parliament in any one day, shall exceed the number exempted by this act from the duty of postage, and the rates of postage on the said letters or packets respectively, or any of them, shall differ; then such of the said letters or packets as would be chargeable with a higher rate of postage than the remainder, shall be included in the number so exempted, in preference to any which would be chargeable with a lower rate of postage; and the remainder of such letters or packets shall be chargeable with the several rates of postage respectively to which such letters or packets would now by law be chargeable if sent or received by any persons not entitled to fend or receive letters or packets free from the duty of postage.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the several persons who, by virtue of any act or acts of parliament, are authorised, in right of their respective offices and employments, to'send and receive letters free from postage, and their successors in such offices and employments, shall and may, during their continuance in such offices and employments respectively, send and receive letters and packets, free from the duty of postage, in the same manner, and under such restrictions, as they now send and receive the same.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to charge with the duty of postage, any printed votes or proceedings in parliament, or printed newspapers, being sent without covers, or in covers open at the fides, which shall be signed on the outside thereof by the hand of any member of parliament, in such manner as hath been heretofore prablifed, or which shall be directed to any member of parliament, at any place whereof he shall have given notice in writing to the postmaster general, or to his deputy; but that all such votes, proceedings, and newspapers, so sent, and signed or directed as aforesaid, shall be received free of the duty of post-

193

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 53.

age; any thing in this, or any former act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. ./W whereas it is expedient that the non-commissionedofficers^ seamen, and privates, employed in his Majesty'*s navy, army, militia, fencible regiments, artillery, and marines, should, whil/l on service,

permitted to send and receive single letters by the post, on their own private concerns, at a low rate of postage; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Single letters passing of this act, no single'letter sent by the poll from any non-Tom non-commi(Honed officer, seaman, or private, employed in his Majesty's navy, army, militia, fencible regiments, artillery, or men, anipri-marines, shall, whilst such non commissioned officer, seaman, or vates, liable to private respectively, shall be employed in his Majesty's service, postage and not otherwise, be charged or chargeable, by virtue of any certain re-1* act of parliament now in force, with an higher rate of postage ftri&io^s: than the sum of one penny for the conveyance of each such letter $ such rate of postage of one penny for eac, h fu'h letter to be paid at the time of putting the same into the post office of the town or place from whence such letter is intended to be sent by the post: provided nevertheless, that no letter or letters sent by.by the post, from any non-commissioned officer, seaman, or private, employed in his Majesty's navy, army, militia, fencible regiments, artillery, or marines, shall be exempted from the payment of the rate of postage chargeable upon letters according to the laws now in force, unless there shall be written upon every such letter, in the hand writing of, and signed by the commanding officer for the time being of the ship or vessel, or of the corps, regiment, or detachment, to which such non-commis-ffioned officer, seaman, or private, employed in his Majesty's service, shall respectively belong, the name of such commanding officer, and of the ship, vessel, corps, regiment, or detachment, commanded by him.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the passing of this aTr no single letter sent as also letters by the post, directed to any non-commissioned officer, seaman, or private, employed in his Majesty's navy, army, militia, fcnci-ble regiments, artillery, or marines, upon his own private concerns only, whilst such respective non-commissioned officer, seaman, or private, shall be employed on his Majesty's service, and not otherwise, shall be charged or chargeable by virtue of any act of parliament now in force, with an higher rate of postage than the sum of one penny for each such letter; which sum. of one penny shall be paid at the time of the delivery thereof: provided nevertheless, that no such letter shall be exempted from the rate of postage chargeable upon letters according to the laws now in force, unless every such letter shall be directed to such non-yommissioned officer, seaman, or private, employed in his Majesty's service, specifying the ship, vessel, regiment, troop, corps, company, or detachment, to which he may belong; and provided also, that it shall not be lawful for the deputy postmaster Vcl. XL. O of

' of the town or place to which such letter shall be sent to be delivered, to deliver such letter to any person except to the non-commissioned officer, seaman, or private, to whom such letter shall be directed, or to any person appointed to receive the same by the commanding officer of the ship, vessel, regiment, troop, corps, company, or detachment, to which the non-commissioned officer, seaman, or private, to whom such letter shall be directed, shall belong.

IX. And whereas, by an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the 16 Geo. 2. feign of his late mayfly King George the Second, intituled An act for the more effectually preventing the fraudulent removal of tobacco by land or water, and for the ease of the fair trader tobacco; and for ascertaining the rates payable for the postage of certain letters; and for amending and explaining the laws relating to the sale of spirituous liquors by retail; it was declared and enacted, that, for every single letter or cover, containing one or more paper or papers, with patterns, or containing one or more patter?! or patterns of cloth, fdk, or fluff, or one or more farnple or samples of any other fort of goods, or one or more piece or pieces of any other Jort of thing inclosed therein, or affixed thereto, though not paper, if the same together did" not weigh an ounce, the rates payable for a double letter should be paid, and, no more: a?d whereas it may be expedient to permit patterns of cloth, ftlk, fluff, and other goods, and small samples of other forts of things, to be transnitted by the pof at a more easy rate of Packets, not pof age: be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing exceeding one of this act, every packet or cover containing the rein, or having taining fam- affixed thereto, one or more paper or papers with patterns, or pies, to be one or more pattern or patterns of cloth, silk, fluff, or other

charged as goods, or one or more sample or samples of any other fort of

angle letters, thing, not exceeding together one ounce in weight, shall be chargeable and charged with no higher rate of poffage than as a single letter, so as every such packet or cover shall be sent open at the Tides, and without any letter or writing in, upon, or with such packet or cover, other than the name or names of the person or persons fending the same, and the place or places of his or their abode, and the prices of the articles contained therein, or affixed thereto.

CAP. LIV.

An act for the encouragement of the mackarel_fishery.

[May 5; 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the fish ernes of this kingdom should receive every reasonable encouragement from time to time they may be found to require, and which it is in the pozver of parliament to befow: may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament af-im orted or fern^e(4 an^ by the authority of the same, That, from and British salt after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful for any

fish

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 54. 195

fish curer in Great Britain to import any quantity of foreign salt, pfed, for cur-or to take any quantity of British salt from any salt works or salt^or home pits, and to bring, carry, transport, and remove coastwise, the consumption salt so imported or taken for the purpose of curing mackarel, or as for herringa any cod, ling, hake, or salmon, being taken in the mackarel or pilchards, fishery, for home consumption, without paying any duty to his Majesty for the same, except the customs due on the importation thereof, in as full and ample a manner as any curer or curers of fish engaged in the herring or pilchard fishery are enabled to import, take, carry, and transport the same coastwise, by virtue of any act or acts of parliament now in force for the purpose of curing herrings or pilchards for home consumption, and under and subject to all the provisions, regulations, restrictions, forfeitures, and penalties, and with the same remedies for the recovery thereof, as in the said acts, or in any act or acts of parliament relating to salt used in the said herring or pilchard fishery, for curing herrings or pilchards for home consumption, are contained.

II. And whereas by an act, passed in the fifth year of his late majesily King George the First, it is enabled, That for every barrel 5 Geo. r. of herrings, containing thirty-two galions, exported from any port or c* l8' place in Great Britain into parts beyond seas, a bounty of two J.hillings and eight-pence j, hall be paid,: and whereas by an act.} passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty, it is enacted, That for 26 Geo. 5. every barrel of herrings, 'containing thirty-two gallons^ which shall be c* landed from any boat or roeffiel, and which shall be afterwards properly halted and curecf there shall be paid a bounty of one shilling: and whereas it is expedient that the jame bounties should be given to the persons engaged in the mackarel fishery: be it therefore enacted.

That for every barrel of white mackarel twice packed and com- every bar-pletely cured, and containing thirty-two galions, which shall be twice packed exported from any port or place in Great Britain into any parts and cured, and beyond the seas, (except into any part or parts in the Mediter- exported, ex- -rancan, in which case no bounty given by this act shall be payable or paid, any thing herein after contained to the contrary thereof neaD? aboun-in anywise notwithstanding), a bounty of two shillings and eight- ty to be paid pence shall be paid; and for every barrel of mackarel which of as. §d. Sec* shall be landed from any boats or vessels, and which shall afterwards be properly salted and cured, there shall be paid a bounty of one shilling.

IU. And be it further enacted, That from and after the paf- Mackarel, &c.

sing of this a cl, it shall and may be lawful'to and for any person JPT he earned

& r r, /, trom one port

or persons to carry trom any port or place in the united king-to anothertor

dom of Great Britain to any port or place in the said united home con-

kingdom, any mackarel, or any cod, ling, hake, or salmon, being fumption.

taken in the mackarel fishery, and cured for home consumption.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the proper officer or Officers for officers appointed to pay the bounties given by this act are here- Pay*no boun-by empowered and directed to retain and keep in their hands the moVey^o^de-following sums until the same shall amount to the sum of two fray the hundred pounds; that is to say, For every barrel of mackarel charges of on which the bounty of one shilling shall be payable, the sum of t^"ls

o 2 sixpence

*96 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 55. [1795.

sixpence; and for every barrel of mackarel on which, the bounty of two shillings and eight-pence shall be payable, the sum of one shilling and sixpence; and to pay over the sums so retained, for the purpose of defraying the costs and charges attending the obtaining and passing this act, to Thomas Rajhleigh, the solicitor thereof: provided that such costs and charges do not exceed, in the whole, the sum of two hundred pounds,

ot°act/UanCe V, And be it further enacted, That this act, and all the matters and things contained therein, shall continue and be in force until the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of - parliament.

[Publick act.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed, in all courts of law as a publick act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and others whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LV.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on receipts, [May 5, 1795.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commens of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue as shall be adequate to the encreased charge occasioned by any loan to be raised, or flock to be created, by virtue of any act or acts for that purpose to be pasted in this session of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the further and additional duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, From July 5, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth 3795> an a<*' day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, there dutyto be^ be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the king-paid of 6d. on dom of Greeat Britain, unto and to the use of his Majesty, his receipts for heirs and successors, for every piece of vellum or parchment, or jool. and im*d (beet or piece of paper, upon which any receipt, discharge, or ac-aVurther ad- quittance, given for or upon the payment of money amounting to ditional duty one hundred pounds, and not amounting to five hundred pounds, of is.for5ool. shall be engrossed, written, or printed, over and above all other and upwards. rates anq duties already imposed thereon, there shall be charged an additional duty of sixpence; and where the same shall amount to five hundred pounds or upwards, there shall be charged a further additional duty of one shilling.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 55. 197

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority Receipts ex-afor'esaid, That all and every the receipts, discharges, or acquit-

tances, which, by an act passed in the thirty-first year of the liable* J reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the duties now charged on bills of exchange, promt fory notes, and other notes, drafts, and orders, and on receipts; and for granting other*, duties in lieu thereof which are particularly exempted from the duties imposed by the said act, shall also be, and are hereby exempted from the duties imposed by this act, as fully and amply as if the said exemptions had been particularly repeated and enacted in this 2<t.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, Duties to be for the more effectual levying, collecting, and paying, the said

duties herein-before granted, the same shall be under the govern- p10ners for ment, care, and management, of the commissioners for the time stamps. being, appointed to manage the duties charged on ffamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who, or the major part of them, are required and empowered to denote the payment of the said duties by this act imposed, either by using any stamps in their posses-.fion, heretofore provided to be used in relation to any former duties on stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, or to provide new stamps for that purpose, or to cause, if they fee occasion, one new (lamp to be provided to denote the former duties, and also the duties granted by this act, and to renew or alter the same respectively, from time to time, as they shall see occasion, and to do all things necessary to be done for putting this act in execution, with relation to the said duties hereby granted, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorised to put in execution any former law concerning damped vellum, parchment, or paper.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Provisions of all the rules, regulations, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, in hereby ai-the said recited act contained, in relation to the said former du- tered, to ties on such receipts, discharges, and acquittances, for which cease. other provisions are expressly made by this act, shall, from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, cease and determine, and be no longer put in execution, save and except always as to the rules, regulations, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, for the collecting, managing, recovering, and applying, any arrears of the said former duties on receipts, discharges, or acquittances, which may, on the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, remain unpaid, and to any penalty or forfeiture, penalties or forfeitures, relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before, or on the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and the several powers, provisions, and remedies, for recovering the same reflectively.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The full sum the full and just sum of money for which any receipt, discharge, tobeexpressed or acquittance shall be given, and the true date thereof, shall be Ij^M^note

o 3 bona n any n°

198 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 55. [1795.

&c. given bona fide respectvsly inserted therein; and that all notes, memo-St ot^mo* randums, or writings whatever, given to any person or persons ney, to be for or upon the payment of money amounting to forty, shillings liable to duty, or upwards, whereby any sum of money shall be acknowledged to have been paid, settled, received, accounted for, balaneed, discharged, released, or in any manner satisfied, ' or which shall in any manner signify or denote such acknowledgement as aforesaid, and whether the lame shall or shall not be signed by or with the name or names of the person or persons by or on whose behalf the same shall be given, shall be respectively taken and construed to be receipts within the true intent and meaning of this act, and shall be liable to the respective duties imposed thereon, as well by the said recited act as this act; and shall be paid and payable by the person or persons by whom, or on whose behalf, such receipts, discharges, or acquittances, shall be required, (except such receipts, discharges, or acquittances, as shall be at any time or times given upon the payment of money in respect of any salary or pension, debt or other sum, payable from his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in all which cases the duties shall be paid by the person or persons giving such receipts, discharges, or acquittances); and which rates and duties, in default of payment there, of according to the regulations of this act, shall and may be charged upon, and levied again (I, the person or persons by whom the same are hereby made payable, his, her, or their respective executors, administrators, or assigns.

Receipts, &c.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That to ^duty of every receipt, discharge, or acquittance, note, memorandum, or'writing whatever, given to any person or persons for or upon the

payment of money which shall contain or express, or in any manner signify or denote, any general acknowledgement of any debt, claim, account, or demand, or all or any debts, claims, accounts, or demands being paid, settled, received, accounted for, balaneed, discharged, released, or satisfied, or whereby any sum of money therein mentioned shall be acknowledged to be in full or in discharge or satisfaction of all or any such debts, claims, accounts, or demands, or intended so to be, and whether the same shall or shall not be signed by or with the name or names of the person or persons by or on whose behalf the same shall be given, shall be deemed and taken to be a receipt for the sum of five hundred pounds and upwards within the true intent and meaning of this act, and shall be liable to the (lamp duty of two shillings No receipts, by the said recited adland this act imposed thereon; and no such £: c. available receipt, discharge, or acquittance, note, memorandum, or writing, more than De pieac*ed ox given in evidence in any court, or admitted

therein ex- \n any court, to be useful or available in law or equity as an ac-prefied, unless knowledgement of any debts, claims, accounts, or demands be-on a as. stamp. ]ng paid, settled, received, accounted for, balaneed, discharged, released, or satisfied, whether generally or otherwise, or for any other or greater sum of money than the sum of money therein, expressed, unless the same shall be stamped with the proper (lamp

" to

1795.] 5-nno regni tricesimo quinto Georg, n IN c. 55..199

to denote the said duty of two shillings hereby imposed; any thing in such receipt, discharge, acquittance, note, memorandum, or v/riting, expressed notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Memoran-every note, memorandum, or writing whatever, given to any ^nms> for person or persons for or upon the payment of money which shall

contain or express, or in any manner signify or denote, any ac- not signed, to -

knowledgement of any part of any debt, claim, account, or de- be deemed

mand, being paid, settled, received, accounted for, balaneed, dif- rece*pts.

charged, released, or satisfied, whether the same shall or shall not

be ligned by or with the name or names of the person or persons

by or on whole behalf the same shall be given, shall be deemed

and taken to be a receipt within the true intent and meaning of the said recited act and this act, and shall be liable to a (lamp duty

in respect of the sum actually paid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person or persons who, from and after the said Penalty on

fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, Perf0]ns ^8n-, J rJ r, ri 7 .'ing, &c. re-

shall write or lign, or cause to be written or ligned, any receipt, ce}pts un_

discharge, or acquittance, given for or upon the payment of mo* stamped, See*

ney liable to any (lamp duty charged by the said recited act or this act upon any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, without the

fime being first duly stamped or marked with a (lamp or mark as

herein is directed, or upon which there shall be a (lamp or mark

of lower denomination or value than is by the said recited act and this act charged in respect thereof, shall forfeit and pay the sum

of ten pounds, in case the sum paid, contained, or expressed, in

such receipt, discharge, or acquittance, shall not amount to the

sum of one hundred pounds; and the sum of twenty pounds in

case such sum shall amount to one hundred pounds or upwards.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Persons giving all and every person or persons who shall give any receipt, a if- [^than adhi charge, or acquittance, or any note, memorandum, or writing, apy p^, ^acknowledging the payment of money, in which a less sum shall liable to pe-be expressed than the sum actually paid or received, or who shall nalty. separate or divide the sum demanded or actually paid or received

into divers Tunis with intent to evade the said duties or any of them, or shall, with the like intent, write off any part of any debt, ciaim, or demand, or who shall be guilty of or concerned in any fraudulent contrivance or device whatever with intent or design to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties by the said act or this act imposed, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered in manner as herein after is directed.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Vellum, &c. all vellum, parchment, and paper, liable to any (lamp duty by the ^fore^wriuen said recited act, or this act, shall, before any of the matters or Upon, &c. things thereby or hereby charged, shall be engrossed, printed, or

written thereupon, be brought to the head office for stamping or marking vellum, parchment, or paper; and the said of by themselves* or by their officers employed under them, shall and

o 4 may,

200 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 53. [1793.

may, from time to time, stamp and mark, according to the directions of the said recited act and this act, any quantities or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper, before any of the matters or things thereby or hereby charged shall be engrossed, printed, or 1 written thereupon, upon payment of the several duties payable for the same by virtue of the said recited act and this act; and no receipt, discharge, acquittance, note, or memorandum, or writing aforesaid, liable to the duties by the said recited add: or this act imposed, or any of them, shall be pleaded or given in evidence in any court, or admitted in any court to be good, useful, or available, in law or equity, unless the vellum, parchment, or paper, on which such receipt, discharge, acquittance, note, memorandum, or writing, as' aforesaid, shall be engrossed, printed, written, or made, shall be {lamped or marked with a lawful (lamp or mark, to denote the rate or duty as by the said recited act or this act is directed, or some higher rate or duty in the said recited act or this act contained; and it shall not be lawful for the said of, or their officers, to (lamp or mark any vellum, parchment, or paper, with any (lamp or mark directed to be used or provided by virtue of the said recited act or this act, at any time after any receipt, discharge, or acquittance, shall be engrossed, written, or printed thereon, under any pretence whatever, except as herein is otherwise provided; any thing in the said recited act or this act contained, or any law or statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority Receipts, &c. aforesaid, That if any receipt, discharge, or acquittance, given not upon the payment of money, and written on vellum, parchment,

withiifthe" or Paper> not stamped as by the said recited act and this act is times herein directed, shall be brought to the said of, or their officers employed by them for that purpose to be stamped according to the directions of the said recited act and of this act, within the space of fousteen days after such receipt, discharge, or acquittance, shall be given, or shall bear date, the same shall and may be permitted to be {lamped, on payment of the sum of five pounds, over and above the duty payable for the same by virtue of the said recited act and this act; and if any such receipt, discharge, or acquittance, shall be brought to be stamped as aforesaid, after the expiration of such fourteen days, and within one calendar month after such receipt, discharge, or acquittance shall be given, or shall bear date, the same shall and may be permitted to be stamped, on payment of the sum of ten pounds, over and above the duty payable for the same, by virtue of the said recited act and this act, and the proper officer or officers are hereby enjoined and required, upon such receipt, discharge, or acquittance, being brought to them, within the respective times herein-before limited, and upon payment of the duty imposed thereon by the said recited act or this act, and the respective sums aforesaid, but not otherwise, to mark or stamp such receipt, discharge, or acquittance, with the proper mark or stamp by the said recited act and this act required for the same.

prescribed; upon payment of the sums herein mentioned.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 55.' 201

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That How penalties one moiety of all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures hereby im- afe be di-posed, shall (if sued for within the space of three calendar months Covered* from the time of any such penalty or forfeiture being incurred) be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of suit, to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same within the time aforesaid; and which shall and may be sued for in any of his Majesty's courts at Westminster, for offences committed in England, and in the court of great sessions, for offences committed in Wales, and in his Majesty's court of exchequer at Edinburgh, for offences committed in Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justices may justice of the peace, residing near the place where the offence determine of-shall be committed, to hear and determine any offence against this ab\ which subjects the offender to any pecuniary penalty; which parties tope-said justice of the peace is hereby authorised and required, upon cuniarype-any information exhibited, or complaint made in that behalf, nahies. within three calendar months after the offence committed, to summon the party accused; and also the witnesses on either side, and to examine into the matter of Yabt, and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture as in and by this abt is directed, to be divided, one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety thereof to the informer or informers; and to award and issue out his warrant under his hand and seal, for the levying the said penalty so adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any); and where the goods of such offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, there to remain for the space of three calendar months, unless such pecuniary penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if any person or persons shall find ^e.r^)I\s a£* himself or themselves aggrieved by the judgement of any such fp^peal to the justice, then he or they shall and may, upon giving security to quarter feU the amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, together lions, with such costs as shall be awarded in case such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general or quarter sessions for the county, riding, or place, which shall happen after fourteen days next after such conviffiori shall have been made, and of which appeal reasonable notice shall be given, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the judgement of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons appealing, to pay such costs occasioned by such appeal as to them shall seem meet.

202 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 55. [1795.

Penalties may

XIV. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful be mitigated. 10 and for the said justice, where he shall see cause, to mitigate and lefien any such penalties as he shall think fit, (reasonable costs and charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the discoveryas in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such mitigation), and so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than a moiety of the penalties incurred over and above the Paid costs and charges; any thing contained in this act, or any other act of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

Witnessts rot

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons forfeit 40s* summonedas a witness or witnesses, to give evidence be-

' fore such justice, touching any of the matters relative to this act, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, his or her reasonable excuse for such neglect or refusal to be allowed of by such justice or justices of the peace, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on oath or affirmation, and give evidence before whom the prosecution shall be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of forty shillings, to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such means, as is herein directed as to other penalties.

Penalties not

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in de-profeeuifed for fau]{- Gf prosecution within the time herein-before limited, no such

ifnin li.*_ _ _, 1 J

penalty or forfeiture mall be afterwards recoverable, except in the name of his Majesty's attorney general in England, or advocate in Scotland, by information in the respective courts of exchequer in England and Scotland, in which case the whole of such penalty or forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and, that all penalties and forfeitures, and shares of penalties and forfeitures, incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall be paid into the hands of the receiver general of his Majesty's stamp duties for the time being; and that in all cases where the whole of such pecuniary penalties or forfeitures shall be recovered to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, it shall be lawful for the said of to cause such reward as they shall think fit, not exceeding one moiety of such penalties or forfeitures so recovered, after deducting all charges and expences incurred in recovering the same, to be paid thereout, to or amongst any person or persons who shall appear to them entitled thereto as informers, in respect of such penalties or forfeitures so recovered; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons court- That if any person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any stamp or mark, directed or allowed guiTtyof ie- to or provided, made or used in pursuance of the Paid re-

cited aft or this act for the purpose of denoting any of the duties by the said recited act or this act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, with intention to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fuc-

cessors,

vithin the limited time, recoverable only as is herein mentioned.

lony.

203

1795 1 ^nn0 regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 55.

cessors, of any of the said duties, or shall utter, vend, fell, or expose to sale, any vellum, parchment, or paper, liable to the said duties, with such counterfeit mark or impression thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or shall privately or fraudulently use any stamp or mark, directed or allowed to be used by the same recited act or this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties, every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, allowances on pre- All powers sent payment of the duties, and all other matters and things pre-

scribed or appointed by any former act or adds of parliament re- to extend to lating to the stamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, (and this act. not hereby altered), shall be of full force and effect, with relation to the duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and putin execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing, the said duties hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this add, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby re-enacted with relation to the said duties hereby imposed.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the said duties herein-before granted shall be paid from Duties to be time to time into the hands of the receiver-general for the time paid to the being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, neral^f ffamo who shall pay the same (the necessary charges of raising and ac- duties, and by counting for the same being deducted) into his Majesty5 s receipt him paid into of exchequer, at Westminster, at such time and in such manner as exche-other duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are ai- cfuer-redled to be paid; and shall be carried to, and made part of, the consolidated fund.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Dunes to be

monies arising, or to arise, of the said rates or duties, or so much to ^revenue thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an addition made for defraying to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the increased charge the increased occasioned by any loan made, or stock to be created, by virtue of charge of any any act or acts to be pasted in this session of parliament; and that £QIS

the said monies shall, during the space of ten years next ensuing, 3

be paid into the said receipt distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt, shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties granted in this session of parliament for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, on any account whatever.

204 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 56. [1795.

CAP. LVI.

An act to continue and amend an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more effectual encouragement of the British fisheries.

[May 5,

1795.]

3, 7 Geo. 3. c. 10. recited,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act ivas passed in the twenty-sixth year of his

36 Geo. 3. c. present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the more 81. and cffedfual encouragement of the British fisheries; which act was to continue in force from the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven^ for the face and term of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament: and whereas an act zuas passed in the twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, to ext end the provisons of the said act: and whereas it is expedient that the said first -mentioned act, together with the alterations and amendments made in the same by the last mentioned act, should be continued for a limited time, with amendments therein: be it enacted by the King's nioft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the and continued same, That the said act passed in the twenty-sixth year of-his for z years. present Majesty's reign, together with the alterations and amendments made therein by the said act passed in the twenty- seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, shall be and continue in force born and after the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, for the space and term of two years, and from thence to the end of the then next lellion of parliament.

Vessels clear-

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any buss ing out be- or vessel which shall clear out of some port in Great Britain for and ov'fi&ery, between the first day of June and the twentieth entitled 10*day of November in one and the same year, and shall proceed bounties. immediately upon the said fishery, shall entitle the owner or owners thereof to the bounties granted by the said acts, or either of them, in the same manner as if such buss or vessel had cleared out of some port in Great Britain between the first day of June and the first day of October in one and the same year; any thing in the said acts, or either of them, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That for all herrings which

entitled to acs. be ]anded from any boat or vessel not entitled to the bounty

" is1 per'barrefi twenty shillings per ton, but entitled to the bounty of one

shilling per barrel^ granted by the said act passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, and which shall afterwards be properly salted and cured, there shall be paid a bounty of one shilling per barrel, in addition to the bounty of one shilling per barrel, granted by the said act, for such herrings.

IV. And whereas doubts have arisen whether herrings which shall have been landed at the fifing places upon the coajls of Great Britain, andfprinkled ivithsalt, to be afterwards carried coastwise in bulk to the

residence

Herrings not

afterwards cured, to be paid is. per barrel more.

1795.] Anno l'cgm tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 56/ zc$

residence of the curers, were not subject to forfeiture; to remove which

doubts, and for the greater encouragement of the British fishery, be it

hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the curers of Herrings, See.

herrings, residing in any part of Britain, shall and may, Jprinkled 'Vth

during the time of each and every season of the British fishery, ing^may^be

carty coastwise in bulk, free of any duty whatever, herrings, or carried coast-

cod, ling, hake, and salmon, actually taken in the herring fishery, wife in bulk

that shall have been landed and deposited in any warehouse or ^ree °* ^ut)r*

store under the care and inspection of the salt officers at any

place of fishery upon the British coasts, and there sprinkled with

salt taken out of any warehouse under the revenue locks, for the

uses of the British fishery, which salt, shall have been deposited,

during the time of the fishery, in any score or warehouse for the purpose only of sprinkling such herrings, or other fish so taken,

to preserve them until the same shall be afterwards carried coast>

wife to that part of Great Britain where such herrings or other

Jfish are to be entirely cured, or otherwise disposed of: provided

always, That it shall be expressed in the cocquet, transire, or other Cocquet to

coast dispatch to accompany the said herrings and other fish, that

no bounty whatever has been paid or claimed upon the said her- p, een pa^ oll

rings and other fish at any time previous to the shipping of the such fish.

same to be carried coastwise; and that the said herrings and other

fish shall be subject: to all the restrictions, regulations, penalties,

and forfeitures, now in force under this, or any other act or acts

for the security of the duties on salt.

V. And whereas by an aid passed in Scotland i?i the third session of the first parliament of her late majesty fjgieen Anne, intituled', An Act in Scot- act for advancing and establishing the hilling trade in and about 'iftar-

this kingdom, it is among other things enabled. That it fall be lament lawful to the Sheriffs, baillies of regalities, and m a gif rates of burghs? Queen Anne, or any having commijfton from them, not only to visit on all occassions recited, the curing and packing of herring or vahite fish in their r efts olive bounds, and also to pitch on any barrel after it is made up and marked, and cause break open the same, and raise the herrings, if they think fit, from the very bottom; and in case ihty be not cured or packed as in the said aid is oretained, or that they be broken, briefed, ([lit, or not gutted herring or fish among them, the said sheriffs, baihies, mo gif trates, or others commissioned by them, after the same is clearly proven by experienced and famous witnesses, are thereby ordained to [scare the whole cases where the said infifficieni herring or white ffh fall be found, and the tersons to whom they belong shall pay for each Lifl one hundred marks Scots, the half to be given to the of over or and the rest to the poor of the paris, and proportionally for j mailer quantities of such inefficient herring or white fish, and the said insufficient herring or fish shall be discharged to be exported at any time thereafter; be it enacted, That so much of the said in part recited act as anc* 3*n Part relates to the feeuring of calks of herrings for or in respect of any, cPea*eu-ungutted herrings being found therein, and to any fine or penalty to be paid by the person or persons to whom any calks of herrings shall belong in respect of any ungutted herrings being found

206

Arreflments to specity the names of vel-fels when

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 56.

[179^.

therein, and to the discharging of the exportation of any casks of herrings for or in respect of any ungutted herrings being found therein, be, and the same is hereby repealed.

VI. And whereas it frequently happens that arrefhnents are used in the hands of the commissioners of the customs in Scotland, or their receiver general, for the purpose of attaching the bounty that may be due to proprietors of vessels employed in the said fishery, but in which no specification is made of the name of the vessel whereof the bounty is meant to be attached, whereby much inconvenience and embarrassment often arise, there being many persons of the same name proprietors of different vessels, which renders it difficult and uncertain with precifton vehat particular bounty is intended to be attached, whereby payments have fometi?nes been made notwithstanding such attachments, at other times delays have been occasioned in payment of bounties not intended to be attached, all which might be remedied if in the arreflments the name of the particular vessel was specised; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all arreflments to be used in the hands of the said of or receiver general, for the purpose of attaching bounties due to

of any

of the said

bounties areto vessels fitted out for the said herring fishery, the schedule and be attached by execution of the arreflment shall specify the name of the parti-commissiontTs Cu|ar vessel or vessels whereof the person against whom the Scotland?5 m arrestment is used may be owner, and of which his share of the bounty is meant to be attached, otherwise such arreflments shall be null and void.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, if during the continuance of this act, any person, being a Provinces subject or inhabitant of the United Provinces, who has been em-employed in ployed in carrying on the herring, cod, ling, haddock, or other the herring white fisheries, or the fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas fishery, &c. or and

Streights, or the turbot fishery, or in building vessels,

in Kn 11n 1 no-.., ° -...J .,->

or in cutting whalebone, or in making nets or barrels, or m preparing salt for the said fisheries, shall come into this kingdom with intent to refde herein, and shall go before some justice of the peace, sheriff depute or substitute, or principal magistrate of some city or town of this kingdom, or before the principal officer of his Majesty's customs in some port of this kingdom, and shall fish duty free, take the oath of allegiance to his Majesty, and shall obtain a cer-export them, tificate Of h is having taken such oath, which oath and certificate bounties! car- stich justice of the peace, sheriff depute or substitute, magistrate,

in building vessels, See. -coming to re-fide in this kingdom, may, on certain conditions, import

ry on their grades, Scc.

and officer respectively, are hereby authorised and required to administer and give, on payment of no greater fee than two shillings; and if such person shall produce or transmit such certificate to the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England cr Scotland respectively, and shall make it appear to the satisfaction of such of, by oath or examination before them, or before persons duly authorised by them for that purpose, that he is a subject or inhabitant of the said United Provinces, and had been employed in some one or other of the said fisheries, or in building vessels, or in making nets or barrels, or in preparing

salt

207

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c.

salt for the said fisheries, and that he hath come into this kingdom with intent to reside herein, and to carry on some one or other of the said fisheries, trades, or employments, it shall and may be lawful for the said of of his Majesty's customs in England, or any four or more of them, or for the said of of his Majesty's customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them, to grant to such person a certificate thereof; and such person shall be forthwith entitled to enter for importation, duty free, and afterwards to re-export any cargo of fish, or the produce thereof, caught in any of the said fisheries, which he may/then have brought into the ports of this kingdom, and shall from thenceforth be authorised to carry on from the said ports, the said fisheries, or any of them, or to exercise in any place therein any of the said trades or employments, and to import and export such fish or oil, or other produce thereof, into or from any ports of this kingdom, in the same manner, and with all the same advantages, as any British subject, and be entitled to all such bounties, premiums, and emoluments, as are granted by either or both of the acts continued by this present aand to no other, subject nevertheless, in the case of claiming such bounties, to the same rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures; and such person shall thereupon be entitled to become the master or mariner of any British ship or vessel, employed in carrying on any of the said fisheries.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such person or Such persons,

persons who shall have qualified, or shall qualify himself or them-

selves in manner before diVedled, being the owner in whole or part of vessels,

in part of any ship or vessel heretofore employed in some one or and bringing

other of the said fisheries, has brought or shall bring any such them into this

vessel into any of the ports of this kingdom, and shall prove, in kingdom,

/. 0, ? n'A.? may, by order the manner directed tn an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of tjje prjVy-

of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the further in ere aft council, have

and encouragement of shipping and navigation, having taken the oath them register-

hereunto annexed, instead of the oath required by the said act, tftlecHo^he11*

that he or they is or are the foie owner or owners, or that he or privileges of

they, and some other person or persons, being subjects or in- Britishi-built

habitants of the said United Provinces, who shall have come to this vessels.

kingdom, and have proved the same in manner before directed,

or some British subject or subjects, are the foie owner or owners

of such ship or vessel, it shall 2nd may be lawful for his Majesty,

by and with the advice of his privy council, to order such ship or

vessel so owned to be registered, and to have a certificate thereof,

and such ship or vessel shall by virtue thereof become entitled to the

privileges of a Britishi-built ship or vessel, under the regulations

and restrictions herein after mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted, That during such time as the While the

r r, n «r i /i ii^i r* owners reside

owner or owners or such ship or vessel shall continue to be reu- -n tpe dent within this kingdom, it shall be lawful for such ship or vessel dom fu-chvef-to carry on any of the said fisheries, and to import and export into l<ds may inland from this kingdom, and to carry to the port of any country in Europe, the fish caught in any such fisheries, and the oil and ether pgr tthemT

produce

208

and import in return such articles as British-built Hups, if properly manned.

Persons so qualified may purchase estates not exceeding ioo acres,

and may bring into the kingdom ships,

&c. duty-free

Such owners to take the following

eath.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 56. [1795.

produce thereof, and such ship or vessel shall be entitled to the like advantages as any British-built shipor vesselemployed in any of the said fisheries, and to all such bounties, premiums, and emoluments, as are granted by either or both of the acts continued by this act, and to no other, subject nevertheless, in case of claiming such bounties, to the same duties, rules, regulations, redactions, penalties, and forfeitures; and every such ship or, vessel may import from any such foreign European port, in return for such fish, oil, or produce, any articles which any British-bwWt ship may by law import from thence, subject nevertheless to the same duties, rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as any i?n7/yft-bui]tship employed in the like trade: provided always, that every such ship or vessel employed in the manner before mentioned, shall be manned, with the number re* quired by law, either of British seamen, or of subjects or inhabitants of the said United Provinces, who have come to and continue to reside within this kingdom, and have qualified themselves in manner before directed.

X. And be it further enacted, That any person so qualified as aforesaid shall be entitled to purchase or take by descent, and hold any estate in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, (not exceeding one hundred acres), in the same manner as any natural-born subject of this kingdom may now do.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any such person qualified in manner before mentioned, to import and bring into this kingdom all such ships, tackle, and furniture, and all nets and other articles employed in such fisheries, and also all household goods and wearing apparel, without payment of any duty whatsoever, provided it shall be made to appear, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the custom in England and Scotland respectively, that such articles respectively are not imported by way of merchandize.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the oath before directed to be taken by the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of any such ship or vessel, shall be in the form and manner following, as far as the same is applicable to each or either of them:

I A.B. of (place of residence and occupation) do make oath that the ship or vessel (name) of (port or place) zvhereof (mailer's name) is at present master, being (kind of built, burthen, &c. as described in the certificate of the surveying officer) was (when and where built, and when and where it came into this kingdom); and that I the said A.B. and (the other owners names, and occupations, if any, and where they respectively reside, viz. town, place, or parish and county, or if member of and resident in any factory in foreign parts, or in any foreign town or city, being an agent for or partner in any house or copartner ship, actually carrying on trade in Great Britain Or Ireland, the name of such factory, foreign town, ur city, and the names of such house or copartner-ftiip) am (or are) foie owner or owners) of the said vessel^ and that u n9

20p

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 57.

no other person or persons whatever, hath or have any rights title, ztf-terejfjharc^ or property, therein or thereto; (if a British subject) that I the said A.B. (and the said other owners, if any) (or are) truly and bona fide a subject (or subjectsf of Great Britain, that Ithejaid A.B. have not (nor have any of the other owners* to the befi: of my knowledge and belief) taken the oath of allegiance to any foreign fate whatever, (except under the terms of some capitulation, describing the particulars thereof); or that^fmce my taking (or his or their taking) the oath of allegiance to (naming the foreign (fates respectively to which he or any of the said owners shall have taken the same), and prior to the pafing of an act, of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled An act for the further increase and encouragement of shipping and navigation, I have (or he or they hath or have) become a subject (or fibjefts) of Great Britain, (either by his Majesty's letters patent, as a denizen or denizens) or naturalized by act of parliament, as the case maybe, naming the dates of the letters of denization, or the act or acts of parliament for naturalization respectively); or (as the case may be) I have (or he or they hath or have) become a denizen or denizens, or naturalized subject or subjects, as the case may be) of Great Britain, by his Majesty's letters patent, or by an act of parliament passed fmcethe firs day of January* one thousand seven hundred and eighty fix, (naming the times when such letters of denization have been granted respectively, or the year or years in which such act or acts of naturalization have passed respectively), or (if not a British subject) that I A.B. and the other owners, if any, being a subject or subject s, inhabitant or inhabitants., of the United Provinces, or having been an inhabitant or inhabitants thereof and now refulent in this kingdom, (describing the particulars thereof as to place and date), have (or he or they hath or have) taken the oath of fidelity and allegiance to his majesty the King of Great Britain, (describing the times when, the place where, and before whom taken), and that no foreigner, not having complied with the conditions above mentioned, directly or indirectly, hath any fare, or part, or interest, in the said flip or vessel

CAP. LVII.

An act to indemnify governors, lieutenant governors, and persons acting as such, in the W'efi; India islands, who have permitted the i?npor-tation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.

[May 5, 1795 ]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign Preamble* of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act iz Car. 2. for the encouraging and encreasing of shipping and navigation; c* and by other acts of parliament noiv in force, no goods or commodities whatsoever can be imported into, or exported out of any lands, ifandsy plantations, or territories, to his Majesty belonging^ or in his possessony or which may hereafter belong unto or be in the pofiffton of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in Asia, Africa, or America, in any other ftp or flips y vessel or vessels whatsoeva\ but in such ships or Vol. XL, P'vessels

Governors, See. of West India islands having permitted the importation and exportation of certain articles in foreign bottoms.

vessels as do truly and tuithout fraud belong only to the people of Great Britain, or of any of the territories thereof in the manner, and under the penalties, and subject to the exceptions and regulations in the said a5is respectively contained: but whereas notwithstanding the said alls, certain of his Majesty7 s governors or lieutenant governors of the ifands in the West Indies, or persons afling as such, have found themselves under the neceftty of openings with the advice of their respective councils, the ports of the said if ands for a limited time, for the importation of certain articles of provisions and lumber, for the supply of the said isands, in foreign bottoms, and in like manner for the exportation of certain articles the produce of the said ifands in return for the same: and whereas the sand of Tobago and certain parts of the if and of Saint Domingo have been surrendered to his Majesty, and are noiv in his Majesty's pojj'ession, at the time of which surrender it was fipulated and agreed that the importation of provisions, cattle, grain, and ivood, of various kinds, from the unitedfates of America, and from other parts ^America and the West Indies, and the exportation of certain articles therein enmnerated, being the produce of the said isands, should be allowed for a limited time in the foreign bottoms and vessels therein described: and whereas such importation and exportation as aforesaid are contrary to the said alyls of parliament, but being permitted either from the necessty of the occafmi, or by virtue of the articles of capitulation, in consequence of which the said sand tf/'Tobago and certain parts of the said sand of Saint Domingo were so surrendered to his Majesty, and put into his Majesty's possession, the same ought to be jufified by an act of parliament; and all persons issuing, advfng, or act ing under or in obedience to any order or permission of any of the said governors or lieutenant governors of the said fancls, or persons ailing as such, and all persons concerned in any importation or exportation as aforesaid, should be respectively jufified: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all personal actions and suits, indictments, informations, and all prosecutions and proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be hereafter <&rc. to be dif- prosecuted or commenced against any person or persons for hav ai^e'ing.issued or advised any such order or permission, at any time

after the seventeenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and before the pasting of this act, or for any act done by reason of any such order or permission, or relating to any such exportation or importation in consequence of such order or permission, be, are, and shall be, discharged and made void by virtue of this act; and that if any action or suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against any person or persons for or by reason of any such act, matter, or thing, so advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, he, she, or they, may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter General issue in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any action or suit ed^and Prosecuted or commenced in that part of Great Britain plaintiff be- called England^, or in the said West India islands, shall become

nonsuit

311 suits for issuing such permission,

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 58.

nonsuit or forbear farther prosecution, or suffer discontinuance, come nonsuit, or if a verdict pass against such plaintiff* or plaintiffs, the ^e" mre-

fendant or defendants shall recover his, her, or their, double cover double costs, for which he, she, or they, shall have the like remedy, as in costs. cases where the costs by lav/ are given to the defendants; and if any such action or suit as aforesaid shall be commenced or prosecuted in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the court before which such action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted, shall allow to the defender the benefit of the discharge and indemnity hereby provided, and shall further allow him his double costs of suit in all such cases as aforesaid.

II. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Defendants in if any action or suit hath been already commenced against any adHons al-person or persons for any such act, matter, or thing, so advised, menced°m]v commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, it shall apply to the and may be lawful for the defendants or defenders in such action court to flop or suit respectively, in whatever court in Great Britain and in the proceedings, said West India islands such action or suit shall have been commenced, to apply to such court or courts respectively, to stay all proceedings therein respectively, by motion in a.summary way, and such court or courts are hereby required to make order for that purpose accordingly; and the court or courts making such order shall allow and award to the defendants or defenders respectively double costs of suit, for which they shall respectively have the like remedy, as in cases where the costs are by law given to defendants or defenders.

CAP. LVIII.

An act for requiring all boats, barges, and other vessels, of certain.descriptions, used on navigable rivers, and on inland navigations, in Great Britain, to be regifered, ' — [May 5, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to ascertain the quantity of vef-

fels employed in the inland trade and navigation of Great Britain, and the number of men retained in navigating the same; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice andcontent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every lighter, barge, boat, wherry, or other From June 15, vessel, exceeding the burthen of thirteen tons, which, from ^795j and after the fifteenth day of June one thousand seven hundred^tons and ninety-five, shall be worked, rowed, or navigated, in or upon used on navi-any river, canal, or other inland water or navigation in Great gable rivers, Britain, shall be registered in manner herein after mentioned; ar*d inland and that the person or persons claiming the property - therein to be rtegif-> shall, on or before the said fifteenth day of June one thousand tered. seven hundred and ninety-five, caitfe the same to be registered, and shall obtain a certificate of such reghlry from the clerk of

p 2 the

the peace, town clerk, sheriff depute, or stewart clerk, of the

county, riding, shire, stewartry, division, or place, to which such

lighter, barge, boat, wherry, or other vessel shall belong, in the

manner herein after dire<sted, or from their respective deputies;

and that every such register and certificate respectively shall truly

set forth, whether the vessel so to be registered be a lighter, barge,

boat, wherry, or what other vessel, and also the name or names,

with the place or places of abode of the master or person having

the charge or command thereof, together with the number and

capacities of all and every person and persons respectively then

and usually employed in working the same, and also the burthen

thereof, and also, to the best of his or their belief, shall give a

just account of the line and extent of the navigation in which

Certificate of such vessel hath been usually navigated, and where situated; and

registry to be tjiat the form Of such certificate shall be as follows: viz* in the follow- 9

ing form.

c TN pursuance of an a tft, passed in the thirty-fifth year of the

JL reign of King George the Third, intituled An act [here set

forth the title of the act] having this day declared

4 to me clerk of the peace for the of that is at present master of the

c and that the said admeasures tons, and

no more and is at present worked by the number of persons, in the several capacities under-mentioned; viz

Number of men employed on board the Capacity on board.

c And that the line and extent of the navigation in which the said has been usually navigated is from

to extending miles, or thereabouts;

6 I do hereby certify, that the said is duly registered

c at my office, and described under the particulars herein set forth. Given under my hand at this day of in the year of our Lord

c Signed A* B*9

Fee for regis- por which registry and certificate so granted, every such clerk of ficate] Cei*£^e Peace> town clerk, sheriff depute, or stewart clerk, shall be

entitled

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 58. 213

entitled to demand and receive from the person making such register, and granting such certificate, the fee of two shillings and sixpence, and no more. '

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every particular herein-before required to be inserted in the Particulars of register to be entered under this act, and certificate to be granted r^g^ry tobe thereupon, shall be verified on the oath or affirmation of the^ matter or other person having the charge or command of such matter if re-vessel previous to the registry thereof, (if the same shall be required, &c. quired by any person or persons appointed, as herein after is mentioned, by the commissioners for the time being for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, or any three or more of them, (which oath may be administered by the chief magistrate of any city, borough, or town corporate, or by any justice of the peace residing near the place of such registry), and for the administering of which oath or affirmation the sum.of one shilling, and no more, shall be paid.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Admiralty to the said. of of the admiralty may, and they are hereby ^e^or^of Vef authorised to appoint, by warrant or commission under their hands, feis°lS ° VC in every county, riding, shire, stewartry, division, or plaice, in Great Britain, (when and wherever they shall see occasion), one or more person or persons to survey, examine, and admeasure, all such vessels as aforesaid, as shall be kept or worked in or upon any such river, canal, or other inland water or navigation, as aforesaid; and that, on the produiftion of any such warrant or Matters to commission, the matter, or other person having the charge or produce certi-command of any such vessel, which shall be kept or worked ^to^fur* in or upon any such river, canal, or other inland water or navi- veyors, who gation, and which shall have been registered, and shall have may admea-procured a certificate of the registry thereof, shall, upon demand, fare vessels, produce such certificate of registry to such officer or officers ^c: anc* and such officer or officers respectively (taking to his or their ac_c

assistance, if he or they shall judge it necessary, one or more per- counts of par-foil or persons {killed in the building and admeasurement of such ticulars of rc-vessels) shall and may, and he and they is and are hereby authorised to go on board every vessel kept, worked, or rowed, as aforesaid, (whether such vessel shall have been registered under this act or not), and accurately examine and admeasure the same, as to all and every particular contained, or directed to be inserted in the register or certificate herein-before required, in the presence of the matter, or of such other person as shall have the charge of such vessel, and shall set down in writing a just account of all such particulars as are specified or required by this act to be specified in the register, or certificate of registry above-mentioned, and shall require the matter, or other person aforesaid, to sign his name to the account of such farveying officer or officers; and such matter, or other person aforesaid, shall sign his name to Matters dif-such account accordingly, unless he shall distent from the parti- fenting, to set culars set forth and described therein, in which case such matter ^afons^at^the or other person shall, and he is hereby required to set down in foot of inch

p 3

Penalty on persons neglecting to register vessels, delivering false descriptions, obstructing fur

lecting to grant certificates*

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 58. [1795.

writing his re a Tons for such difient at the foot of such account, and sign the same accordingly

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons herein required to cause any such vessel to be registered shall neglect or refuse to register the same, and demand a certificate thereof, within the time herein limited for that purpose; or shall wilfully deliver to any person or persons hereby authorised to make such registry as aforesaid, a false description of any of the particulars hereby required to be contained in such register, and certificate thereof; or shall wil-failure "i obstruct any surveying officer or officers, or any person or

fters, ?granting persons acting in his or their aid or assistance, in surveying, exa-false certifi- mining, or admeasuring, any such vessel, or in going on board, cates, or neg- or being on board the same for that purpose, or shall assault such surveying officer or officers, or any person acting in the aid or assistance of such surveying officer or officers, in the execution of this act; or if any person or persons herein-before authorised to make such registry, and grant such certificates of registry, or-to Purvey, examine, or admeasure any such vessel, and to take an account thereof, shall knowingly make any false register, or grant any false certificate, or make out any false account in regard to any of the particulars required by this act, or shall refuse or wilfully neglect to grant a certificate, (the same being demanded according to the directions of this act), he or they, on being convicted thereof in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, courts of oyer and terminer or general gaol delivery in England, or courts of great sessions in Wales, or in the court of justiciary or the court of exchequer in Scotland, shall respectively forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That wnhootregb any figliter, barge, boat, or other vessel, exceeding the burthen and the matter thirteen tons, as aforesaid, shall be worked, rowed, or navigated, liable to pe- in or upon any river, canal, or other inland water or navigation,

at any time after the said fifteenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, during the continuance of this act, without being duly regificered, and certificate thereof duly obtained, according to the directions of this act, every such lighter, barge, boat, wherry, or other vessel shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any such surveying officer or officers appointed under the authority of this act; and the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command thereof shall, for every day on which such figliter, barge, boat, or other vessel, shall be worked, rowed, or navigated, as aforesaid, contrary to this act, forfeit the sum of ten pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every owner or master of any lighter, barge, boat, wherry, or other vessel, passing upon any such river, canal, or inland water or navigation, shall cause the true number of tons burthen thereof, and also the name or names of the owner or owners thereof, and the place to which such vessel shall belong, to be painted in large white capital figures on a black ground, four inches in length at the least, and of

Vessils used

nalty.

Burthen, names of the owners, &c. to be painted on vessels, on penalty.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. &15

of a proportional breadth on the outside of the Hern of every such lighter, barge, boat, wherry, or other vessel, higher than the place to which the same shall fink into the water when fully laden, and to continue the same thereupon in adiftindf and legible manner, so long as such vessel shall be used as aforesaid 3 and every owner, mailer, or other person having the care or command of any lighter, barge, boat, wherry, or other vessel, or who shall navigate the same upon any such river, canal, or other inland water or navigation, without having such figures thereon as here-in-before directed, or who shall wilfully alter, erase, deface, or destroy, such figures, or any part thereof, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than five pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as to every lighter, barge, boat, wherry, or other, vessel, worked

which shall begin to be kept or worked at any time after the said after June 15,

fifteenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to be register-

and during the continuance of this act, in or upon any such river, ed,

canal, or other inland, water or navigation, the same shall be duly

registered, and certificate thereof duly obtained, in the manner

herein-before directed; and shall be surveyed and admeasured,

and the burthen thereof ascertained, and duly marked, according to the directions of this act, before the same shall be so worked,

or rowed or navigated thereon, under pain of forfeiting the re-

spefilive penalties and forfeitures herein-before mentioned, with respect to the like vessels so worked, rowed, or navigated, on or before the said fifteenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person herein-before required and authorised to make Regifiersfobe and enter registers, and grant certificates, shall cause every such register to be duly entered in a book to be provided for that Aug* 1/° 79?^ purpose, in the order in which the same shall be made 3 and shall, an extra# of on or before the fifteenth day of August one thousand seven hun- them to be dred and ninety-five, make out and transmit to the of of the admiralty aforesaid, signed by him, and in his name, a in the follow-true and faithful extrafif of all such registers, distinguishing, by fog form, the respective titles of such extracts, the particular rivers, canals, or other inland waters or navigations, in or upon which each lighter, barge, boat, wherry, or other vessel, then was and had been usually navigated 3 and which shall be made in the form following 3 viz.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 58. [1795.

Navigation from to in the

of extending miles, or thereabouts.

N° of vesselt registered progressive. Kind of vessel. Burthen of D°. Mailer's 1 name. Number of men employed. Capacities

Penalty for And if any such person shall neglect or refuse to transmit such trfnsmit |x° extra(^: a^ such registers) or wilfully transmit any false

tracts of re" extract thereof, every such person shall, for every such offence, gifters, &c. forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

ces^vessels county> riding, division, shire, stewartry, or place, to

Arilfbe^deem- which any such lighter, barge, boat, wherry, or other vessel, ed to belong, shall be deemed and taken to belong for the purposes of this act,

shall be any one of the counties, ridings, shires, stewartries, divisions, or places, in which such river, canal, or other inland water or navigation, whereon such lighter, barge, boat, wherry, or other vessel, shall be worked, rowed, or navigated, shall run or be, or the matter or other person having the charge or command thereof, shall usually reside.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Penalty^for That if any person or persons shall falsely make oath to any of,

'n<^ counter-" the matters herein-before required to be so verified, such person feiting certifi- or persons shall fuller the like pains and penalties as are incurred cates, &c. by persons committing wilful and corrupt perjury; and that if

any person or persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter, or falsify, any certificate required or directed to be obtained by this act, or shall knowingly or wilfully make use of any certificate so counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified, such person or persons shall, for, every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au-Act not to ex- thority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend tend to vessels or be construed to extend to require to be registered, according famtty^or Vor to dirsctions of this act, any lighter, barge, boat, wherry, or pkafure.'other vessel, under whatsoever description the same may fall, being the property of his Majesty, or the royal family, or any of them, or any boat used-.sole!y for pleasure; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding,

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. £9. 217

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the penalties and forfeitures incurred by this act (except as How penalties herein is otherwise specially directed) shall and may be sued for, ^ecfan^approsecuted, and recovered, in such courts, and be disposed of in plied, such manner, and by such ways, means, and methods, as any penalties or forfeitures inflicted, or which may be incurred, for any offence committed against the laws of excise may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and that the officer or officers concerned in seizures or prosecutions under this act, shall be entitled to and receive the same share of the produce arising from such seizures, as in the case of seizure for unlawful importation, and to such share of the produce arising from any pecuniary tine or penalty for any offence against this act, as any officer or officers is or are now by any law or regulation entitled to upon prosecutions for pecuniary penalties.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ^?^nuance this act shall have continuance until the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and from thence until the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer,

CAP. LIX.

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on diflilleries in Scotland, and on the exportation of EntUh-madcspirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to amend an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the regulation of distilleries in Scotland, and the exportation of British-mzde spirits from England to Scotland and from Scotland to England\ for a limited time.

[May 5, 1795.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's moss dutiful and loyal subjects, the

commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue as shall be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be raised, or flock to be created, by virtue of any act or acts to be passed in this session of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the further and additional duties herein after mentioned; and do moss humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's moss; excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the tenth day of October From Od. 10, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, there shall be 1795> tht; spiral fed, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, for and in respect of the several be paid in matters and things herein after mentioned, over and above all Scotland: duties already imposed for or in respect: thereof by any a cl or acts of

For each gallon of the content of every Hill for making spirits, slave as excepted by 33 Geo. 3. c. 61.) where British materials are used, 9l. annually;

for each galion, where melasses or sugar arc 11 fed, 15l.; and

where other foreign materials are used., 18L j

and for each gallon of rec titying Hills, 91.

Additional duties to be paid for li-cencesforftills within the limits specified, in recited act;

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 59. [1795.

of parliament, the further duties of excise herein after mentioned* that is to say,

For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the cubical content or capacity of each and every {till, (including the head, and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the {team can afeend), which shall be used or employed for the making or distilling of low wines or spirits from corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder, or perry, or other w.afh or liquor made or brewed from any sort of British materials, or any mixture therewith, in any part or place in Scotland, other than and except such counties and districts of the highlands as in an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the regulation of distilleries in Scotland, and the exportation of British-made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, are particularly specified, described, and enumerated, there shall be charged the annual sum of nine pounds:

For and upon every galion, English wine* measure, of the cubical content or capacity of each and every still, (including the head, and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the fleam can afeend), which shall be used or employed in any part or place in Scotland for the making or distilling of low wines or spirits from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, the annual sum of fifteen pounds:

For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the cubical content or capacity of each and every still, (including the head, and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the fleam can afeend), whi^h shall be used or employed in any part or place in Scotland, for the making or distilling of low wines or spirits from foreign refused wine, or foreign cyder, or wash prepared from foreign materials, (except melasses and sugar), or any mixture therewith, the annual sum of eighteen pounds:

For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the cubical content or capacity of each and every still, (including the head, and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the fleam can afeend), which shall be used or employed in any part or place in Scotland\ for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing, of any kind of spirits, or strong waters, the annual sum of nine pounds:

For and upon all licences to be granted by the commissioners of excise in Scotland for the erecting, keeping, and working stills, within the highlands of Scotland, within the counties, parts of counties, and limits, in the said recited act particularly specified and described, the additional duties following 3 that is to say.

Upon

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 59. 219

Upon every galion, English wine measure, of the cubical con- for e; ich gal-tent or capacity of each and every such still, (including the head, and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other ap- making spirits paratus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomina- from barley, tion the same may be called or known, as high as the fleam can &c. the pro-ascend), which shall be used or employed in distilling and drawing ties men off spirits from the barley, beer, or bigg, of the growth of the tione(j in re_ several and respective counties in the said recited act mentioned, cited act, 20s.-the additional composition, licence duty, or sum, at the rate of annually; and twenty shillings by the year; and for and upon all spirits which m^de over shall be manufactured from such last mentioned (tills, over and the quantity-above the quantity limited by the said recited act of the thirty- limited by third year of the reign of his p refen Majesty, an additional duty that act, 8d. of eight-pence for each gallon of such surplus spirits. additional.

For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the cu- For each gal-bical content or capacity of each and every Prill, (including the l°n of tolls head and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or; ng spirits denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the front British fleam can ascend), which shall be used or employed by any dif- materials, for tiller or distillers, or maker or makers of spirits in that part octo^sTotland Great Britain called England, for making low wanes or spirits annually*; from corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder, perry, or other wash, or liquor made or brewed from any sort of British materials, or any mixture therewith, for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the annual sum of nine pounds:

For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the cubi- for eacbgal-cal content or capacity of each and every still, (including the lass^or fu^ar head, and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or areufed 15T; other apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or and denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the fleam can ascend), which shall be used or employed by any such difliller or distillers, or maker or makers of spirits, in that part of Great Britain called England, for making low wines or spirits from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for such exportation as aforesaid, the annual sum of fifteen pounds:

For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the cubi- where other cal content or capacity of each, and every frill, (including the [erTa^a* head, and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or upecj jgp.other apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the fleam can ascend), which shall be used or employed by any such difliller or distillers, or maker or makers of spirits, in that part of Great Britain called England, for making low wines or spirits from foreign refused wines, or foreign cyder, or wash prepared from foreign materials, (except melalfes and sugar), or any mixture therewith, for such exportation as aforesaid, the annual sum of eighteen pounds:

For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the cu- and for each bical content or capacity of each and every still, (including the gallon of rec-{iead? and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other n|ymS

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 59. [1795.

apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the fleam can alcend), which shall be used or employed by such difliller or distillers, or maker or makers of spirits in that part of Great Brita'm called England, for the rectifying, compounding, or mixing of any kind of spirits or strong waters for exportation from thence to that part ot Great Britain called Scotland the annual sum of nine pounds.

Part of 33 Geo. 3. c 61 j recited.

and repealed;

and no licence to be granted for a wash fcill of a lei's content thaii 52 galions, or for a rectifying kill of less content than 20 gallon?.

Licences which have been granted for kills of a

II. And whereas by the said act^ ? made in the thirty-third year of the reign of or csaid., it was among other things enabled., that it should not be lawful to grant any such licence, as in the said act is mentioned., to any dif iller or dif iliers, maker or makers of spirits^for or in re-Jpedi of any waft) fill which should riot in the body thereof and exclusive of the head, be of the content or capacity less than fifty-two galions, English wine measure, and tfiat it should not be lawful to grant any such licence to any rcdtificr or rectifiers, compounder or compounders, of spirits, for or in respect of any jiill for r edifying, compounding, or mixing, which should not in the body thereof and exclusive of the head, be of the content or capacity less than twenty galions, English wine measure: and whereas it was intended that no such licence as is jirji above-mentioned should be granted for or in respect of any wash jiill\ which should in the body thereof be of a content or capacity less thanfifty -two galions, and that no such licence as is secondly above-mentioned should be granted for, in respect of any Jiill for rectifying, compounding, or mixing spirits^ which should in the body thereof be of a content or capacity less than twenty gallons; and it is therefore expedient to repeal the said recited prohibitions and provisions, and to enadl the prohibitions and provisions herein after mentioned in lieu thereof: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said recited prohibitions and provisions shall be, and the same are hereby repealed; and that it shall not be lawful to grant any such licence as in the said a Cf is in that behalf mentioned, to any difliller or distillers, maker or makers of spirits, for or in respect of any waih fill], which shall in the body thereof, exclusive of the head, be of a content or capacity less than fifty-two galions, English wine measure; nor to grant any such licence as is in the said aCI in that behalf mentioned to any reCIifier or redifiers, compounder or compounders of spirits, for or in respect of any fliil for rectifying, compounding, or mixing, which shall in the body thereof, and exclusive of the head, be of a content or capacity less than twenty galions, English wine measure; and that the said prohibitions and provisions hereby enacted shall be, and the same are hereby extended to the purposes of this act.

III. And whereas the of and officers of excise, in that part ofi Great Britain called Scotland, may have, since the passing of the said adi\ granted licences J or fills exceeding the respective contents or- capacities herein-before mentioned: and whereas doubts may be entertained whether the said commissioners and officers were authorised by lazy to grant such licences: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all licences granted by or under the authority of the of and officers of excise, in that part of

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. 0.-59. 221

Great Britain called Scotland, since the passing of the said recited ^rSer canaci-act, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be good and valid to all intents and purposes, notwithstanding of the same cited att to be having been granted for {tills exceeding the respective contents valid, and capacities expressed in the before recited clauses; and that the said commissioners of excise, and the officer or officers acting under them, or by their authority, for the licensing of (tills, shall be, and they hereby are fully indemnified, freed, and discharged, from any penalty, disability, action, suit, or prosecution whatever, for or in respect of the granting any such licences for {tills exceeding the respective capacities or contents herein-before mentioned.

IV. And whereas by the said act, made in the twenty-eighth year 28 Geo. 3. of the reign of his present Majesty, it was enabled, that no person or c. 46? ani persons should erect, set up, or work, any fill or fills for the distilling, making, ox manufacturing of loiv ivines or spirits from the materials mentioned in the said act, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, without firs taking out such annual licence as is by the said act prescribed; and by the said act, made in the thirty-third year of the 33 Geo. 3. reign of his present Majesty, certain duties arc imposed for or in respect c. 6'1> recited. of the cubical content or capacity of each and every /f ill used or employed for the making or difilling of low ivines or spirits from certain rnaterials therein mentioned, in any part or place in Scotland, except such counties and districts of the highlands as are specified in the said act; and that no person or persons should erect, set up, uje, employ, or work, any fill or fills for any of the purposes 'mentioned in the said act, in any part of Scotland- aforesaid, without taking out such licence for that purpose in manner mentioned and dir eft ed in and by the said act, made in the twenty-eighth year aforesaid; and that, upon or previous to the granting of any such licence, the person or persons applying for the same should, on or before the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, andfo afterwards, at or before the end of every two months, pay down, in ready money in advance, a fxth part of the yearly duty payable by that act in respect of such licence: and whereas, by the said laf mentioned act, the com?nisioners of excise, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, are authorised and required, in manner prescribed by the said act, to allow or repay, within two months, to every disliller or disliliers, maker or makers, rectifier or reftifiers, compounder or compounders of spirits, who shall have given or left due notice of his, her, or their intention to make, rest fy, or compound, spirits for exportation from that part of Great Britain called Scotland to that part of Great Britain called England, a proportional abatement of the licence duty paid by such disliller or disliliers, maker or makers, rectifier or reftifiers, compounder or compounders: and whereas, in lieu and instead of such disliliers, reftifiers, or compounders, who shall have given such notice as aforesaid, paying down in ready money, in advance, such licence duty, and the commissioners of excise in Scotland allowing or repaying the same in manner aforesaid, it is expedient to require all such disliliers, reftifiers, and compounders, to give such bond as is herein after prescribed be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and Instead of

after the passing of this act, in lieu and instead of such payments payment of

r J licence duties

in

in advance by distillers, and abatement of a proportion to those making spirits for exportation to England, as directed by recited acts, a bond to be given as here in directed.

No person to make spirits in Scotland for exportation to England, not authorised to do so before patting this act.

50I penalty on persons removing spirits from The Highlands to The Lowlands, contrary to acts of 35 and 33 Geo. 3.;

and on persons retailing spirits in Scot-

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 59. [1793.

in advance, and of such allowances or repayments, all and every distiller or distillers, maker or makers, rectifier or rectifiers, or compounder or compounders, of spirits, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall have made due entry, and given or left due notice of his, her, or their intention to make, rectify, or compound spirits for exportation from that part of Great Britain called Scotland to that part of Great Britain called England, shall give bond, with sufficient surety or sureties, in the penalty of a sum equal to one sixth part of the annual licence duty for each and every galion, English wine measure, of the cubical content or capacity of each and every Hill, (including the head and every part thereof, and of any horn, pipe, tube, or other apparatus therewith connected, under whatever name or denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the fleam can afeend), specified in such entry as being to be used or employed for the making or distilling of low wines or spirits from corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder, or perry, or other waih or liquor made or brewed from any of the materials mentioned in the said aCi, that no such still or flills shall, during the time that such entry shall remain in force, or not withdrawn, be used, employed, or worked, for the distilling, making, manufacturing, rectifying, or compounding, any low wines or spirits which shall not be duly exported to, and landed, and paid duty for, in that part of Great Britain called England; which bond the commissioners of excise in Scotland, or any three or more of them, for the time being, are hereby directed to take in his Majesty's name, and to his Majesty's use.

V. Provided always nevertheless, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to entitle any person or persons to make, rectify, or compound spirits, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called England, save and except such persons as were authorised and empowered so to do by the laws in force immediately before the pasting of this act.

VI. And, for the more effectually preventing the removal, car-vying, or conveying, any such spirits, made or distilled within the limits of that part of Scotland called The Highlands, as described in the said recited act of the thirty-third of his present Majesty, out of the said limits across the line or bounds therein described, into that part of Scotland called The Lowlands, or southern parts of the kingdom; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, if any person or persons shall fell, deliver, receive, or buy, or knowingly permit or fufter to be sold, delivered, received, or bought, any such spirits so removed, carried, or conveyed, contrary to the prohibitions in the acts made in the twenty-fifth and thirty-third years of his present Majesty, or either of them, the person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons in that part of Great Britain called Scotland3 shall retail any spirits made or distilled from malt, corn,

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 59. 223

grain, barley, beer, bigg, or other British materials, and which Ipd without spirits are commonly called and known by the name of Aqua Vitte, ^cence in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, without first taking out an excise licence authorising such person or persons t; o retail such spirits, in the manner required and directed by an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the duties on coals, culm, and cinders, brought or carried coastwise into Scotland, and for granting other duties on licences to fell certain distilled spirituous liquors in lieu thereof and renewing the same yearly, so long as such person or persons — shall continue to retail such spirits, he, she, or they, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

VIII. And whereas by an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the regulation of 33 Geo. 3. c. distilleries in Scotland., and the exportation of British-made spirits 5 from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a limited time, it tvas enacted, that the several rates and duties granted and imposed by any act or acts of parliament then in force upon low wines or spirits for home consumption, or upon ivorts, wajhy and other liquorr, used in Scotland in the distillation of spirits, and upon any licence required to be taken by any disliller or maker of spirits, from corn, malty or other materiahy or by any rectifier or compounder of spirits in Scotland, (five only and except any arrears then due in respect of such rates or duties), should be discontinued from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three: and whereas doubts have arisen whether by the said recited act the additional duties imposed for a limited time by another act, made in S1 Geo. 3. c. the thirty first year of the reign aforesaid, among other things for I> recitec'> granting to his Majesty additional duties upon spirits made in Scotland and imported into England, for spirits made and manufactured in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported or brought from thence into that part of Great Britain called England, and payable by the importer before the landing thereof, andivhich were continued and made perpetual by another act made in the thirty-third year of the reign aforesaid, are not repealed: noWy to obviate all such doubts, it the additional is hereby declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That by^hMatter^ the said additional duties for spirits made or manufactured in that on spirits made-part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported or brought from in Scotland thence into that part of Great Britain called England, are not and imported repealed by the said recited act: of the thirty-third year of the reign

aforesaid, intituled An act for the regulation of disiilleries in Scot- repealed by land, and the exportation of British-made spirits from England to the former Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a limited time.

IX. And whereas by the said act, made in the thirty-third year the reign aforesaid, certain excise duties were imposed for a limit time therein mentioned, on licences to betaken out by distillers of spirits in Scotland, for exporiatioiiy from thence to that part of Great Britain called England; and certain other excise duties were also thereby imposed on licences to be taken out by distillers in England, for exportatioriy from thence to Scotland; and whereas the said licence duties first above-mentioned werey by an act made in the thirty-fourth year of thb reign aforesaid, continued and made perpetual, and it is ex-

H-JSfe6ogIe

of 33 Geo 3. < ej(m, recited;

224 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 59. [1795.

pcdient in like manner to continue and make perpetual the licence

duties lajlabove-mentioned: be it therefore enacted by the authority

and duties aforesaid, That the duties of excise imposed by the said act, made

thereby im- in the thirty-third year of the reign aforesaid, for or in respect of

pofedon licen- ]jcences by the said act directed to be taken out by distillers of

ces to nunll rs r, ..r^.tl., ./ r

iii Enel?.nd to spirits, in that part of Great Britain called England? for exporta-

export spirits tion from thence to that part of Great Britain called Scotland', to Scotland, shall be, and the same are hereby continued and made perpetual, tua?6 ^ei^e" and ^at the same shall be paid and payable by such persons, at such times, and in such manner, and subject and liable to such repayments, allowances, and abatements, and under and subject to such penalties and forfeitures, as the said duties were payable by the said act, or any other act or acts of parliament in force at and immediately before the pa fling of this act; and the same shall continue to be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, (the charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), and be carried to, and made part of, the consolidated fund.

Recovery and X. And further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That application of all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this act created and fines. imposed, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by

such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Weshnin-Jler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (not other wise di redded by the said recited act of the'thirty-third year of his present Majesty's reign), shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue, for the same.

Duties to be

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That raisedj&c. ac- the several and respective duties by this act imposed shall, from time cording to the to time, be raised, received, recovered, secured, and paid, by such !brcV^OWpersons, at such times, in such manner, and by such ways and means, and under such management, and under and subject to such penalties and forfeitures, and with such power of adjudging and mitigating penalties and forfeitures, and with such other powers, and subject to such other powers, and subject to the like allowances, repayments, abatements, rules, and directions, and by such methods, and in such manner and form, (except where otherwise expressly directed by this act), as by the said act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, or any other act or acts of parliament now in force concerning the several matters and things respectively for or in respect whereof v any duty is by this act imposed is directed or prescribed; and that all the provisions, penalties, forfeitures, powers, authorities, rules, and directions, mentioned and contained in the said acts respectively, (^except as aforesaid), shall be, and the same are hereby continued, and made perpetual; and the same shall be practised, and put in execution, as well for the raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, or paying, the said several and respective 11 duties

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 60, 61. 225

duties by the said act of the thirty-third year aforesaid, as by this act imposed; and for the making any repayment, allowance, or abatement, in manner in the said act directed, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes^ as if the same were particularly repeated and enacted in this a6L

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the money arising by the duties by this act imposed, (the Duties to be necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), Pa^d into the shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's ^nd carried to exchequer at Westminster; and the said monies so paid into the the consoli-said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to, and dated fund, made part of, the consolidated fund.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies arising, or to arise, by the said be

rates and duties, or any of them, shall be deemed an addition dftlcm to^ke'" made to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the encreased revenue for charge occasioned by any loan made, or dock created, or to be defraying the created, by virtue of any act or acts passed or to be passed in this encreased session of parliament; and that the said monies shall, during the space ^onedC by

of ten years next ensuing, be paid into the said receipt of his ioan Of this 1

Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all session, &e.

other branches of the publick revenues; and that there shall be

provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt,

during the said period of ten years, a bock or books, in which all

the monies arising from the said rates and duties, and paid into

the said receipt, shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties granted in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such encreased charge as aforesaid, be

entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, ever.

poa any account what-

CAP. LX.

An act for applying certain Turns of money raised in the county of Stafford by virtue of several acts of parliament made respecting the militia of this kingdom.

[May 5, 1795.]

[Publick act.]

3, 3251. I5S- I£d. iq* raised for the militia, and in the hands of the receiver general of the county of Stafford unapplied, to be paid to the treasurer of the subscribers for raising troops for the internal defence of the kingdom. Persons concerned in raising the money indemnified. Money to be applied in paying the expences of this add, and afterwards in raising troops for the internal defence of the kingdom. Surplus to be applied to some publick purpose of the county.

CAP. LXI.

An act for repealing an act, p; .*Ted in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more effectual assessing and collecting of the rates for the relief of the poor in the parish of Saint Botolph Bishopsgate, in the liberties of the city of London; for providing a workhouse for the reception of the poor of the said parish; and for the employment, maintenance, and regulation, of the said poor therein.

[May 5, 1795 -3

A<S£

2.2.6 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 62. [1795.

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Act 12 Geo. 3. c. 79, repealed. Trustees appointed. Trustees to meet within a month after pairing this act. Trustees may borrow ten thousand pounds on annuities to be charged on the rates. Purchase of land to build a workhouse on confirmed. Atteffments to be made and rates collected. Houses let out in lodgings or ready furnished, rates to be paid by the landlord. Rates to be recovered as the poor rates by 43 Eliz. and subsequent acts. Committee' appointed to regulate the poor. Penalty of forty shillings for buying or receiving into pawn cloaths, &c. belonging to the poor. Appeal, Limitation of actions.

CAP. LXII.

An act to enable his Majests pojhnafler general to open and return certain letters contained in the mails made up at the general pof office /?z London, for the United Provinces, on the thirteenth, fifteenth, and twentieth days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and novo remaining in the said general post office — [May 19, 1795.]

Preamble, ^ WHEREAS certain mails of letters, which were made up at the reciting that general pofi office in London, on the thirteenth, sixteenth, ^be^n^to^ an^ iwentuih days cf January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-the United five"> an^ wsye intended to be sent from the said general post office unto

Provinces the United Provinces, have been detained by virtue of a warrant

have been de- under the hand and seal cf one of his Adajefy, tamed. fate, and the said mails of letters are now re

ral post office: and vuhercas many of the persons by whom the said letters were written, signed, or sent, have applied to his Majest s pofmafer general to have the same returned to them, ami doubts being entertained whether his Majesty's pojhnajler general is author fed by lave to return the same: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament Postmasterge- attembled, and by the authority of the same, That, if any person an^VSurnPen or Persons by or i'rom- whom any letter or letters contained in letters in such the Lid mails respectively were written, or signed, or sent to mails. the post office, should be desirous to have the same returned,

upon application, in writing, being made to his Majesty's post-matter general at any time within three calendar months after the passing of this act, for the return of any such letter or letters, by the person or persons who wrote or signed or sent the said letters respectively to the post office, or any other person or persons duly authorised for that purpose by the person or persons who wrote, signed, or sent, the same respectively, each written application being made at the general post office in London, and being signed by the persons respectively making the same, and containing respectively either duplicates of the respective letters applied for, or copies of the respective directions thereof, such copies of the directions to be in the same hand writing as the respective directions of which they purport to be copies, and each written application also letting forth the names of the persons respectively who have in writing subscribed, or the names of the persons respectively which are printed, set, or affixed, to such

letters

s principal secretartes oj maininz in the said gene-

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 62. 227

letters respectively, it shall and may be lawful, notwithstanding any law, statiite, custom, or usage, to the contrary, for the pollmafber general, or any officer or officers of the port: office to be authorised and empowered by such poPcmailer general, in writting, to open such letters respectively, for which application shall be so made, in the presence of the person or persons applying for the same respectively; and, in case the names subscribed in writing, or the names of the persons printed, set, or affixed, to such letters respectively, shall be found to be those which had been so declared in such writing as aforesaid, to return the said letters respectively, together with whatever shall appear to be contained therein, to the person or persons applying for the same respectively: provided nevertheless, That, before any such letter or ^Tfor^e^te^ letters shall be so returned as aforesaid, the persons respectively to°ma]ce Loath applying for the same shall first make oath, to be administered as of certain par-herein after is mentioned, that they did write or sign or fend the ticulars. said letters respectively to the post office, or that the person or persons by whose authority they demand the return of such letters respectively did, to the best of their knowledge and belief, write or sign or fend the same respectively to the pofi office, and that the name or names subscribed in writing, printed, set, or affixed, to such letters respectively, were so subscribed, printed, set, or affixed, by the persons respectively making such application, or by their respective directions, or to the belt of their knowledge and belief, by or by the authority of the persons respectively on whose behalf such application is made, and whose names are so subscribed, printed, set, or affixed; and further, that such person or persons as apply under the authority of any other person or persons shall also first make oath, to be so administered as herein after mentioned, that he or they is or are duly authorised by such other person or persons to apply for the return of such letters respectively.

II. And whereas there may he contained in the said mails several letters from persons ref ding in parts beyond the seas, which have been trnnfrnitted by such persons to their respective co'rrespondents in London, in order to be by such correspondents put into the said generalpost office and forzvarded by the pof unto the said United Provinces, and which may have been accordingly put into the said general pof office \ and it is apprehended that there are written or indorsed upon all or the greater part of such laf mentioned letters so put into tlA said general post office, the name or names of the person or persons, or the firm of the house or houses to whom such letters reffectively have been iranj-mitted, and by whom they have been forzvarded: and whereas such persons so ref ding in parts beyond the seas may not have an opportunity of applying under the provfions hereinbefore contained for the return of such letters, and it is apprehended that it will be a great convenience to them that their correspondents in London, who forzvarded such letters to the said general pof office, should be authorised to receive them back: be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, if application shall be made to the pollmaster general, at Letters from

anytime within the space of three calendar months from and after the passing of this act, by the person or persons who so respect parts may be.

2 twely

CaOOgLC

returned to their correspondents in London unopened.

Oath to be made to certain particu

22S Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 62. [1795.

tively wrote or indorsed, or authorised to be written or indorsed, the name of the person or persons, or the firm of the house or housesby whom such last mentioned letters respectively were put into the said general poll office, such application being made, in writing, at the said general poll: office, and being signed by the person or persons respectively making the same, and containing respectively copies of what shall be so wrote or indorsed upon such letters respectively, such copies respectively to be in the same hand writing as the hand writing indorsed upon such last mentioned letters respectively; and if upon comparing such copies of what shall be so written or indorsed upon such letters with the letters respectively, it shall appear that the copies are in the same hand writing as are indosfed upon such last mentioned letters respectively, it shall and may be lawful, notwithstanding any law, statute, custom, or usage, to the contrary, for the postmaster general, or any officer or officers of the post office, to be authorised as aforesaid, to deliver such last mentioned letters respectively without opening the same to the person or persons respectively applying for the same; such person or persons first making oath, to be administered as herein after mentioned, that he or they did receive such Jarsb^persons mentioned letter or letters respectively from his or their cor-

applying for respondent or correspondents residing in parts beyond the seas, such letters, for the purpose of being forwarded by the post from London unto the said United Provinces, and that such person or persons so applying as last aforesaid, did write or indorse^ or cause to be written or indorsed, upon such letter or letters respectively, the words and figures which shall appear to be written or indorsed thereon respectively, and that such person or persons did put, or cause to be put, such letter or letters into the said general post office in order to be forwarded by the post unto the said United Provinces, in the said respective mails, or some or one of them.

Letters not

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That applied lor in the said postmaster general shall and may, notwithstanding any after Tffin*8 ^aw' custom, or usage, to the contrary, detain and keep

this mayn possession all and every such of the said letters, together be detained with the contents thereof respectively, as shall not, within the till ordered to space of three calendar months from the passing of this act, be-^er th^fecre^ reclu^red to be returned in manner in this amentioned, or under iary of state. the powers herein after given, until he shall receive directions from one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, by warrant under his hand and seal, to forward the same respectively unto the said United Provinces in his Majesty's mails of letters, to the end that such letters, and what may be contained therein respectively, may be sent by post for the persons respectively to whom the said letters respectively are addressed; which directions it is hereby declared it shall and may be lawful for any one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state to give, by warrant under his hand and seal, and which directions the postmaster general Is hereby required to obey, or cause to be obeyed.

IV o And., for the better ascert dining the persons respectively by or from vjhom any letter or Utters contained in the said mails respectively

were

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 62.

were written or signed or sent, and for preventing frauds in the dili-very of the said letters to persons not entitled to receive the same, or to require the same to be returned; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his ^or^esn^e said Majesty's postmaster general, or any person or persons C

authorised and empowered by him, in writing under his hand, to oaths to be administer an oath or oaths to the person or persons applying for taken: the return of any such letters as aforesaid, according to one of the forms herein after mentioned; (that is to say),

I A.B. do fuoear, [or, being one of the people called Quakers. Oaths,

I A.B. do solemnly affirm], That I did write or sign or fend the letter or letters] now claimed by me to be returned., to the post office; and that the name or names] juhscribed in writing, printed, set) or affixed, to such letter or letters], was [or were] subscribed.\ printed? fety or affixed^ to such letter or letters] by or by my direction.

Or,

I A.B. do fuoear [or, being one of the people called Quakers,

I A.B. do solemnly affirm], That lam duly authorised by [C.D. &c. as the case may be] to receive the letter or letters] now claimed to be returned to me^ on behalf of the said [C.D. &c. as the case may be]; and that the said [C.D. &c. as the case may be] did\ to the befl of ?ny knowledge and belief write or sign or fend the same to the post office and that the name or names] subscribed in writings printed, set, or affixed, to such letter or letters] 'was [or were] according to the befl of my knowledge or belief so subscribecfprinted, set, or affixed, by or by the authority of the said [C.D. &c. as the case may be].

Or,

I A.B. clo sweay\ [or, being one of the people called Quakers

/A.B. do solemnly affirm], That I did receive the letter or letters] now applied for by me to be returned, and now produced and /hewn unto me, from my ccrrefpondent [or correspondents\ who resides [or reside] in parts beyond the feaS) for the purpose of being forwarded by me by the post from London unto the United Provinces; and that I did write or indorse, or cause to be written or indorsed, upon such letter or letters] the words andfigures which now appear to be written or indorsed thereon; and that I did put) or cause to be put) such letter or letters] into the general post office in London, in order to be forwarded by the post unto the said United Provinces,

V. And inasmuch aS) in the execution of this present aid) it may happen that some of the persons who may apply for the return of letters may not be enabled to comply with the precise forms hereby directed) and probably cannot take the oath or oaths in the exadi form or forms of words hereby required to be taken) on which account the pofhnajler general cannot5 under the rejlritdions herein-before contained\ return

<L3 dl

Secretary of state may authorise the delivery of letters, though the persons applying cannot comply with the preferi'oed forms.

Penalty on persons taking false oaths.

Postmaster general. See. not liable to any penalty for acting under this act.

Persons prole-cuted may plead the general issue.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto GEORGII 'III. c. 62, [1795.

all the letters contained in the said mails which shall be applied for to he returned, not witbj}anding that the persons Jo apply ing may be well entitled to receive back such letters, and that the true intent and meaning of th'ls a^l ?'-S that they should be enabled so to receive them: for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 7 hat, in any case where such difficulty shall occur, it shall and may be lawful to arffi for any one of his Majesty's principal fe-cretaries of {late, by warrant or warrants under his hand and seal, to direct, order, require, and authorise, the postmaster general to open and return any such letter or letters, for which application shall be made to be returned, and which cannot be returned under the forms a nj rest riel ions herein-before contained, upon such person or persons identifying; the letter or letters, and making oath in such manner and form as in such respective warrant or warrants shall be required and expressed; and the postmaster general is hereby empowered and required to execute, or cause to be executed^ aq such orders and directions, and to administer, or cause to be administered, such oath and oaths as shall, in such respective warrant or warrants, be expressed or contained; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstandjno-,

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false oath |n any of the cases in which oaths are to be taken by virtue of this act, or in any case wherein an oath or oaths shall, by virtue of a warrant or warrants under the hand and seal of such principal secretary of state, be authorised and required to be taken, every such person so taking a false oath shall be liable to the pains and penalties to which persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, any law, statute, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding, That neither the said postmaster general, nor any such officer or servant as aforesaid, shall be liable to any action, suit, indictment, information, or other proceeding, or be liable to or incur any penalty, forfeiture, or incapacitation, for or by reason of any act, matter, or thing, done, or forborne to be done, by virtue and under the authority of and according to this present act, or in the execution of the same, or of the authorities herein contained, or any of them, or in relation thereto, or in pursuance of the direction and authority of such principal secretary of state, to be given in manner herein-before mentioned* but that all such actions, suits, indictments, informations, proceedings, penalties, forfeitures, and incapacitations, shall be, and are hereby absolutely discharged.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or executed, in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person and persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter- in evidence

fof

2$l

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 62.'

for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdict shall

pass for the defendant or defendants, >or the plaintiff or plaintiffs

[Treble costs.]

shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ^rau'

That if any person or persons whatsoever shall falsely or fraudu- tainingletters lently obtain any letter or letters, hereby authorised to be returned containing

as aforesaid, or that shall or may be authorised to be returned bank notes, under the authority of & warrant or warrants of such principal

secretary of (late, by virtue of the powers herein-before contained for that purpose, containing any bank note, bank poll bill, bill of exchange, promissory note, letter of credit, or any other security or instrument whatsoever, for the payment of money, every such person so offending, and being*'thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be deemed guilty of felon)', and shall be transported for the term of (even years.

X. And be it also further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one of his Ma- Letters may jesty's principal secretaries of date, by warrant or warrants under he returned to his hand and seal, to direct, order, require, and authorise, the post: -mailer general to open and return any letter or letters contained proc£ wrtlfor in the said mails respectively, for returning which, application without oath, shall be made by or on behalf of any foreign minister or em- of writing baftador, upon such proof being made, with or without oath, that such foreign mi nifter or embaftador did write, sign, or send to the post, or cause to be written, signed, or sent to the post, such letter or letters respectively, and upon such other directions respecting the said letter or letters so applied for being complied with, as in such warrant or warrants shall be required to be made or complied with; and the postmaster general is hereby also required to execute or cause to be executed all such orders and directions as shall, in such respective warrant or warrants, be expressed or contained; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And inasmuch as, in the execution of this present act, it may happen that some of the persons who may apply for the return of letters may not be enabled to comply with the precise forms hereby dire 51 ed, and probably cannot take the oath or oaths, in the ex aft form or forms of words hereby required to be taken, on which account the postmaster general cannot, under the restrictions herein-before con-- tamed, return all the letters contained in the said mails which fall be applied for to be returned, notwithstanding that the persons so applying may be well entitled to receive back such letters, and that the true in- Secretary of tent and meaning of this act is, that they should be enabledfo to receive statemay au-them; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, in deliver^of any case where such difficulty shall occur, it shall and maybe law- letters

ful to and for any one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of though the state, by warrant or warrants under his hand and seal, to direct, persons apply-order, require, and authorise, the postmaster general to open and ^with return any such letter or letters, for which application shall be th^prescribed

<^4 made forms.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. [1795.

Act may be altered or repealed this session.

made to be returned, and which cannot be returned under the forms and restrictions herein-before contained, upon such person or persons so identifying the letter or letters, and making oath, in such manner and form as in such respective warrant or warrants shall be required and expressed; and the postmailer general is hereby empowered and required to execute, or cause to be executed, all such orders and directions, and to ad mini Her, or cause to be ad-niiniftered, such oath or oaths as (ha]], in such respective warrant or warrants, be expressed or contained; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XII. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful to alter or repeal, this act in the present session of parliament.

CAP. LXIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on sea insurances.

[May 19, 1795.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

Preamble, \ yom ^aJe^y, s and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards jraifing the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue as shall be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be raised, or flock to be created, by virtue of any act or acts for that purpose to be passed in this session of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the From July 5, authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July Stamp deities* one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, there shall be raised, to be paid on levied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Insurances, Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-

cessors, for every skin or piece of vellum cr parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which any insurance upon any ship or ships, goods, or merchandize, or upon any other property or interest whereon insurances may lawfully be made, shall beingrossed, printed, or written, the stamp duties following upon the sums insured; (that is to say), where the sum to be insured shall amount to one hundred pounds, a stamp duty of two shillings and sixpence, and so progressively for every sum of one hundred pounds insured; and where the sum to be insured shall not amount to one hundred pounds, a like stamp duty of two shillings and sixpence; and where the sum to be insured shall exceed one hundred pounds, or any progressive sums of one hundred pounds each, by any fractional part of one hundred pounds, a like (lamp duty of two shillings and sixpence for each fractional part of one

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. 233

hundred pounds: and that, upon all and every insurances or insurance, where the premium, or consideration in the nature of a premium, actually and bona fide paid, given, or contracted for, shall not exceed the rate of ten shillings, there shall be paid the following duties; (that is to say), where the sum so to be insured shall amount to one hundred pounds, a stamp duty of one shilling and three-pence, and so progressively for every sum of one hundred pounds so insured; and where the sum so to be insured shall not amount to one hundred pounds, a like stamp duty of one shilling and three-pence; and where the sum so to be insured shall exceed one hundred pounds, or any progressive (urns of one hundred pounds each, by any fractional part of one hundred pounds, a like stamp duty of one shilling and three-pence for such fractional part of one hundred pounds; which several duties shall be payable and paid by the allured in such insurances respectively; and the allured, in every such insurance, shall be a'nfvverable and accountable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the amount of the duty payable by this act in retpeft of the same, and which shall and may, in default of payment thereof according to the regulations of this act, be charged upon, and levied against, the affined, his, her, or their respective executors, administrators, and assigns.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Act not toex*

herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge tend roniu"

j'o ranees from

with any stamp duty by this act imposed, any policy of insurance lottos by tire*

made and entered into for insuring houses, furniture, goods, or on lives, wares, merchandizes, or other property, from loss by fire, whereon the duty imposed by an act passed in the twenty-second year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for charging a duty on perfions whofie property shall be infiured against loss by fire, shall have been duly paid, nor any insurance made or entered into for insuring any*events or contingencies relative to a lire or lives whereon the duty imposed by the laws in force at and immediately before the passing of this act shall have been duly paid.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority a so refold.

That, for the more effectual levying, collecting, and paying, the Duties to be laid duties herein-before granted, the same shall be under the under the raa-government, care, and management, of the commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on fioners of stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who, or the major part stamps. of them, are required and empowered to denote the payment of the said duties by this act imposed, either by using any stamps in their possession heretofore provided.to be used in relation to any former duties on stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, or to provide new stamps for that purpose, and to renew or alter the same from time to time as they shall see occasion, and to do all things necessary to be done for putting this act in execution, with relation to the said duties hereby granted, in as full and ample a manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorised to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, or paper,

2>34 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. [1795.

Where pre-

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, upon all mium exceeds an(j every such insurances or insurance, where the premium, or

not 1055. per cent, on aool. or upwards, stamps of as. 6d. per aool. may be used.

Commissioners to provide^stamped po- licie.s, which may be purchased,

consideration in the nature of a premium, actually and bona fide paid, given, or contracted for, shall not exceed the rate of ten shillings per centum on the sum insured, it shall be lawful, in 'all cases where the sum insured shall amount to two hundred pounds or upwards, to use (lamps of two shillings and sixpence for every two hundred pounds of the sum insured, instead of {lamps of one shilling and three-pence for everyone hundred pounds of the like sums so insured.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That e of for the time being appointed to manage the

duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, shall, out of the monies arising thereby, from time to time, provide sufficient quantities of vellum, parchment, or paper, adapted for policies of insurance, and shall cause to be printed thereon respectively the several forms for blank policies of insurance hereunto annexed, and the same so printed to be duly {lamped, with a proper (lamp or {lamps, as directed by this act, for the purpose of denoting the duty to be paid thereon, in.order that all his Majesty's subjects may buy the said forms adapted for policies of insurance respectively, stamped with such rate of duty as they shall respectively require, of the officers, or persons employed by the said of, at the price of the said duty marked thereon, without any charge for such vellum, parchment, or paper, or for printing the fame- or at their election may bring to the head office of (lamps, any quantities of their own vellum, parchment, or paper, to be {lamped as aforesaid, on payment of the duty payable thereon, and the said officers, or persons employed by the said of, shall, and they are hereby required to write or mark thereon the day, month, and year, when any such printed vellum, parchment, or paper, so {lamped, shall be-delivered by Ecer^for^e^iem to as aforesaid and if any officer, or person em-

lett^fduty^ ployed by the said of, shall wilfully neglect to do or perform any matter or thing herein-before required, he shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, and shall be liable to Policies not to be dismissed from his said office: provided always, that the said be provided at of, or officers as aforesaid, shall not be required to procharge for'in yide, at the publick charge, any vellum or parchment stamped furances un- as aforesaid, where the sum to be insured thereon shall not amount der 10, 000l. to ten thousand pounds or upwards,

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Commission- That the said of for managing the duties on stamped ers to appoint veHuni5 parchment, and paper, as soon after the passing of this doi^for^iftri" a<^ as corivenieiltly may foall establish one or more office or bnting po- offices within the city of London, at some convenient place at or

licies. near the Royal Exchange, and shall appoint a proper officer or officers there, todiflribute policies of insurance printed on vellum, parchment, or paper, according to the respective forms hereunto annexed, and stamped according to the directions of this act, to any person or persons carrying on the business of insurance within the

or vellum, See. may be brought and stamped, on payment of duty.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. z^j

the said city, on present payment of the duty payable in respect thereof, subject to the usual allowance made on present payment of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, or paper: provided may°b^opetu always, that it shall be lawful for the officer or officers, so to be ecj ^ith per-appointed, with the consent and approbation of the said commit- fons giving sioners for the time being, or the major part of them, to open an b°nd (°r Pay-account, in books to be provided by the said of for 0 u'"

that purpose, with any person or persons, body or bodies politick or'corporate, carrying on the business of such insurances within the said city, who respecti vely shall have given, or caused to be given, to the satisfaction of the said of, security, by bond, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the payment of the duties at the times and in the manner to be prescribed by the said of as herein after is mentioned, and from time to time to supply such person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, with such vellum, parchment-, of paper, printed and stamped according to the directions of this act, on the credit of such person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, having given, or caused such security to be given, as aforesaid, in such quantities as the said of shall have authorised such officer or officers, from time to time to supply to them respectively, making the like allowances, on payment of the duties within the times prescribed by the said of, as are herein directed to be made on present payment of the said duties; and the said officer or officers shall pr'ogressively number all such PoliciesjfTued policies of insurance printed on vellum, parchment, or paper, and on credit to stamped as aforesaid, as the same shall severally be issued to and entered*on the credit of any such person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, as aforesaid, beginning such progressive enumeration on the commencement of each and every diuincl account opened with any such person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, and so successively, on the close of and payment of the sums due on each successive distinct account, or at such dated periods in the year, as the said of shall in their discretion direct, and shall, in such book or books, set down the numbers of such policies, with the sums payable thereon for the said duties, to the didindl credit and account of the person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, applying for the same on the conditions aforesaid, and also the date and time of delivering the same; and if any such officer or officers Penalty for shall knowingly make any false entry in such book or books, in any of the particulars aforesaid, to the damage of any such per-for) or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, every such officer so offending shall be liable by action of debt or on the case to pay treble the value of the damages and costs to the party or parties aggrieved, and may be dismissed from his place or office for such offence.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Persons to^all and every person and persons, body or bodies politick or cor- are°dehveredS porate, upon or to whose credit any stamped vellum, parchment, on credit, to or papery shall be delivered in pursuance of this act, shall pre- give bond.

viously

n$6 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. [1795.

viously give, or cause to be given, bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in such Turn as the said of may think reasonable, so as the same doth not exceed the probable amount of the duty payable by such person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate respectively, for any space of time not exceeding two calendar months, nor less than six weeks, with a condition, that if such person or persons shall from time to time well and truly make payment of all such sum and sums of money, which shall be due and payable to his Majesty, his heirs or sucessors, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, such bond shall be void, but otherwise to be and remain in full force; Commission- and it shall be lawful for the said of, or the major times* of Part times an(^ periods of making such payment. ° rnents, and to specify the same in the condition to every such bond, and which shall not, in any case, be by less than eight Bonds may payments in the year, at equal intervals as nearly as may be; and be renewed, every such bond may be renewed from time to time in the dif-PutTn suit°r cret*on t'did of, or the major part of them, as

V*often as the same shall be forfeited, or the party or parties to the same, or any of them, shall die, become bankrupt or insolvent, or reside in parts beyond the seas; and every such bond shall, at any time at the request of the obligor or obligors therein, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or adigns, be delivered up to be cancelled; or otherwise, if in the discretion of the said of the same shall be detained, then the same shall be put in suit for same breach thereof before the end of the second term after such request made, or in default thereof shall be void. Damaged po-

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That licies, See. it shall and may be lawful for all and every person and persons, cdf to whom any damped vellum, parchment, or paper, shall have

others de- been delivered in pursuance of this act, bearing the date of the

livered on delivery thereof, by the proper officer, in the manner herein-be-

certain conch- fore directed, which shall be inadvertently and undesignedly spoiled, tlons* obliterated, or by any other means rendered unfit for use of the purpose intended, at any time within the same calendar month in which such stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, shall have been ' delivered, or within fifteen office days after the expiration of such calendar month, such time to be computed from the date of the, delivery thereof, and as it shall appear thereon to have been made, to bring or fend such stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, unto the said of of the stamp duties, at their head office, to be cancelled on the terms and regulations herein after mentioned; and in case no sum or sums of money, nor any name of any person as an afiurer or underwriter shall be subscribed or underwritten thereon, then, upon either oath or affirmation made to the satisfaction of the said of, (which oath or affirmation the said of, or any one or more of them, are or is hereby authorised to administer); or in case it shall otherwise appear to the satisfaction of the said of that such stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, so spoiled, obliterated, or by any other means rendered

37

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63.

unfit for the purpose intended, hath not been subscribed or under-written by any person or persons, or used for any other purpose, or in any other manner whatsoever, the said of, or their officers under them, are hereby required to cancel the same, and to stamp, or cause to be stamped, for the use of the several persons to whom the said vellum, parchment, or paper, so fpoiied or obliterated, or rendered unfit for use, had been previously delivered, any quantity of other vellum, parchment, or paper, fit for the like uses, with stamps, amounting to the like value, and of the same denomination; or any other denomination in this act mentioned, as may be required, and to mark the date and time of the delivery thereof, in the manner herein-before prescribed, without demandingortaking, directly or indirectly, for the same, any sum of money, or other consideration whatsoever; or in case any sum or sums of money, and the name or names of any person or persons, as such aflurers or underwriters respectively, shall have been subscribed or underwritten on any such stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, which shall be brought to the said of, to be cancelled within ten office days after the date of the first of such subscriptions thereon; and in case it shall appear to the satisfaction of the said of, that such sums and names have been respectively subscribed or underwritten on stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, of a different denomination or value than is required by this act in respect of the sums so subscribed; and it shall be proved upon oath or affirmation, as aforesaid, that the same was occasioned through inadvertence or mistake, or that the subscriptions thereon intended to have been obtained have not, from some just cause to be alleged, been completed to the amount of the sums allowed by this act to be insured on such stamped vellum, parchment, or paper; and if in every such case the party or parties bringing such stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, to be cancelled within the time last mentioned, shall produce to the said of another policy of insurance on vellum, parchment, or paper duly stamped, and actually made out for the same filtered, risque, or adventure, with the policy so brought to be cancelled; then, and in such cases, the said of, or their officers, shall have the like authority as aforesaid to cancel the policies so brought as aforesaid, and to exchange the same for other stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, with damps of the like value with the stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, so cancelled, in the manner herein-before directed.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any such insurance shall have been made Policies and subscribed as aforesaid, on any Ship or Ships bound on a voyage outwards from any port cr plac Great Britain? or any part. Share, or interest therein, or arising the reout, cr on any goods or merchandize laden on board such Ship or Ships, and the policy whereby such insurance shall have been made, shall be cancelled, brought to be cancelled within ten office days after the departure of such Ship or Ships from any such port or place in Great Britain, it shall be lawful for the said of, in such case, to cause the same to be cancelled in like manner, and under the like

brought within 10 office days after departure of veil'ds may be

powodgl

Where sums insured on homeward voyages, exceed the interest of the assured, to certain

238 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. [1795.

powers, as if such policy had been brought to be cancelled within ten office days from the date of the first subscription as before directed; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any insurance shall have been made on any goods or merchandize laden on board any ship or ships specifically named in the policy, on a voyage homewards to any port or place in Great Britain, and the sum insured thereby shall be found to exceed the interest of the allured on which the risque attached on board such ship or

amounts, the ships so named in the policy; and in case the separate interest of

of any person, or the joint interest of two or more persons allured

may make an in fucff policy, shall fall short of the sum insured on such account

allowance o^t^e sum Of one thousand pounds or upwards, where the duty the Ramps on J ., n n, r, r, r'n \

theexcds, &c. payable thereon shall be at and alter the rate of one shilling and three-pence per centum^ or of five hundred pounds, or upwards, where the duty payable thereon shall be at and after the rate of two shill ings and sixpence per centum^ and upon due proof on oath or affirmation as aforesaid, to the satisfaction of the said of, or any one of them, of the value of the interest of such party or parties in the goods or merchandize on which the risque attached on board such ship or ships, and on production of the policy whereby such insurance was made, at any time within one calendar month after the landing the goods from on board such ship or ships in Great Britain, and on due proof being made of the return of premium bona fide by the several underwriters or insurers on such policy, on account only of such short interest as aforesaid, and of the proportion of the premium so returned, it shall be lawful for the said of to make an allowance to the allured of the stamps on such policy in respect of such part of the sums by him or them thereby insured, as shall be found to exceed the interest of the said aftured in such policy, and to deliver other stamped paper of the like value in the manner hereinbefore directed with respect to policies brought to be cancelled, provided that such policy of insurance be delivered to the said of, or their officers, to be cancelled, who are hereby authorised and required to cancel the same; and provided that the interest of the allured shall not be valued in or by such policy so brought to be cancelled as last aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every contract or agreement which shall be made or entered into for any insurance, in respect whereof any duty is by this act made payable, shall be engrossed, printed, or written, and shall be deemed and calied, A Policy of Insurance; and that the premium, or confederation in the nature of a premium, paid, given, or contracted for, upon such insurance, and the particular risque or

therein, or the adventure insured against, together with the names of the sub-irifurance to feribersand underwriters, and sums insured, shall be respectively expressed or specified in or upon such policy, and in default thereof every such insurance shall be null and void to all intents and purposes whatever*.

Every centradl liable to duty under this act to be deemed a policy of insurance, and certain particulars to be c'xpressed

be void.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. 2, 39

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no policy of insurance upon any ship, or upon any share No policy to or interest therein, shall be made for any certain term longer r

than twelve calendar months; and every policy which shall be*

made for any longer term, shall be null and void to all intents and purposes.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this ail contained shall extend. Alterations in or be eonffrued to extend, to prohibit the making of any altera- the terms of tion which may lawfully be made in the terms or conditions of mademider any policy of insurance, duly {lamped as aforesaid, after the same certainreftric-shall have been underwritten, or to require any additional stamp tions-

duty by reason of such alteration, so that such alteration be made before notice of the determination of the risque originally insured, and the premium or consideration originally paid or contracted for, shall exceed the rate of ten shillings per centum on the sum insured, and so that the thing insured shall remain the property of the same person or persons, and so that such alteration shall not prolong the term insured beyond the period allowed by this ail, and so that no additional or further sum shall be insured by reason or means of such alteration.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no insurance made or entered into in Great Britain, in No contract respect whereof any duty is by this ail made payable, nor any f^vun^efs'^o contrail or agreement for such insurance as aforesaid, shall be perUrstamped, pleaded or given in evidence in any court, or admitted in any court, to be good, useful, or available, in law or equity, unless the vellum, parchment, or paper, on which such insurance shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, shall be {lamped with a lawful {lamp, to denote the rate or duty as by this act is directed, or to denote some higher rate or duty in this act contained; and it nor shall not'be lawful for the Paid of of the said (lamp ^mped\ifter duties, or any of their officers, to {lamp any vellum, parch-contract is ment or paper, with any If a nip directed to be provided or used printed or by virtue of this ail, at any time after any such insurance as afore- written there-said, or contrail for such insurance, shall be engrcfled, printed, 0'1' or written thereon, under any pretence whatever.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons mak-That, from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven ^nlePth* hundred and ninety-five, all and every person or persons who contract be shall make or effect, or knowingly procure to be made or effected, properly any insurance whatever, in respect whereof any duty is by this Ramped,

act made payable, or shall give or pay, or agree to give or pay, or render himself or herfelfliable to pay, any sum of money, premium, or consideration whatever, in the nature of a premium, for or upon any such insurance as is before mentioned, or shall enter into any contrail or agreement whatever, for any such insurance as is before mentioned, unless the same insurance, contrail, and agreement for insurance respectively, shall be ingrossed, printed or written, on vellum, parchment, or paper, being first duly {lamped with a proper {lamp or {lamps as herein is directed, or with some {lamp or {lamps of higher denomination or value than

240

and brokers, See. acting contrary to this act, to forfeit 500l.

Brokerage, &c. not a legal charge unlel's the insurance be properly stamped, &c.

Aflurers, unless insurance! be properly stamped, &c. feo forfeit 5 ool

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. [1795.

herein is directed, shall for every suchoffence forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds; and also, all and every the brokers, agents, feriveners, or other pe-rfons negociating or transacting any such insurance as is herein-before mentioned contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, or engrossing, printing, or writing, any agreement for any such insurances as is herein-before mentioned, upon vellum, parchment, or paper, before the same vellum, parchment, or paper, whereon the same shall be engrossed, printed, or written, be so duly stamped as aforesaid, shall also for every such offence forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any broker, agent, ferivener, or other person, transacting, making, or negociating, any such insurance as is herein-before mentioned, to charge or set against his employer or employers any sum of money for brokerage or agency, or for his pains or labour in transacting, making, or negociating, such insurance, or engrossing, printing, or writing the same, or for any sum of money expended or paid by way of premium, or consideration, in the nature of a premium, for such insurance, unless the same shall be engrossed, printed, or written, on vellum, parchment, or paper, duly stamped according to the directions of this act, or upon vellum, parchment, or paper, stamped with a stamp or stamps of higher denomination or value than is by this act required, and all and every sum and sums whatever paid by such employer or employers on any such account to any broker, agent, ferivener, or other person aforesaid, transacting, making, or negociating, any insurance contrary to this act, shall be deemed to be paid without consideration, and shall remain the property of such employer or employers, his, her, or their respective executors, administrators, or assigns.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall become an affurer upon any such insurance as is herein-before mentioned, or shall subscribe or underwrite any such insurance, or shall receive or contract for any premium or consideration for any such insurance, or shall pay or allow in account, or agree to pay of allow in account, or otherwise, any sum or sums of money upon any loss, peril, or contingency, relative to any such insurance as aforesaid, unless such insurance shall be engrossed, printed, or written, on vellum, parchment, or paper, duly stamped according to the directions of this act, or if any person shall be concerned in any fraudulent contrivance or device, with intent to evade the duties by this act imposed, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds.

XVIII. And tuberi'as it is cufomary for the purpose of making insurances, by the corporation of the London Assurance and The Royal Exchange Assurance, to prepare a label, ftp, or memorandum^ in writing, containing the heads of the insurance proposed to be made, from which label, flip, or memorandum, fgned by the person making, the insurance and the proper officer or officers of such corporations,

policies of insurance have been afterwards ? made as obligatory on the parties \ and ii 'would be attended with considerabk inconvenience to

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. 241

require policies of insurance duly stamped to be in all cases immediately

made out\ be it provided and further enacted, That nothing herein The London

contained shall extend to subject any of the members, officers,

or servants, of such corporations, to any of the penalties by this change A(Tu--

Ucft imposed for or by reason of their making any agreement to ranee not lia-

insure by any such label, flip, or memorandum, in writing, upon abletopenalty

undamped vellum, parchment, or paper, provided that in every ^or making

such case, the day on which such agreement shall be made, shall unstamped* if

be truly expressed in words at length on such label, flip, or me- policies be

morandum, and a policy of insurance according to the agreement made out and expressed in such label, Hip, or memorandum, shall be made out damped, Sic.

according to one of the forms in the schedule to this act annexed,

and duly executed and damped within three office days from the

time of making such agreement as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That one moiety of all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures hereby Application imposed (except where other provisions are hereby expressly made)

shall (if sued for within the space of six calendar months from the months. time of any such penalty or forfeiture being incurred) be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof.

With full costs of luit, to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same within the time aforesaid, and which shall and may be sued for in his Majesty's court of exchequer at Westminster, for offences committed in England, and in his Majesty's court of exchequer at Edinburgh, for offences committed in Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in de- How penalties fault of prosecution within the time herein-before limited, no such ^hhi^he^ penalty or forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable, except in the mjtecj t[me name of his Majesty's attorney general in England, or advocate may be recoin Scotland, by information in the respective courts aforesaid, in vered and ap-Which case the whole of such penalty or forfeiture shall belong to plied.

his Majesty, his heirs and successors \ and that all penalties and forfeitures, and shares of penalties and forfeitures, incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall be paid into the hands of the receiver general of his Majesty's stamp duties for the time being; and that in all cases where the whole of such pecuniary penalties or forfeitures shall be recovered to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, it shall be lawful for the said of to cause such reward as they shall think fit, not exceeding one moiety of such penalties or forfeitures so recovered, after deducing all charges and expences incurred in recovering the same, to be paid thereout, to or amongst any person or persons who shall appear to them to be entitled thereto either as discoverers or informers, in respetft to such penalties or forfeitures so recovered $ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Vol. XL. R That

24Z Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. [1795.

Prosecutions That in case any prosecution shall be commenced by any person incurred with- or Persons for recovery of any penalty or forfeiture, penalties out intention or forfeitures, incurred by virtue of this act, it shall and may be of fraud may lawful for his Majesty's attorney general in England, or advocate beilopt. in Scotland, in case it shall appear to their satisfaction respectively that such penalty or forfeiture, penalties or forfeitures, was or were incurred without any intention of fraud, to flop all further proceedings on every such prosecution, as well with respedd to the share of such penalty or forfeiture, penalties or forfeitures, to which any such person may claim to be entitled, as to the share thereof belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon such terms nevertheless, as to costs and otherwise, as such attorney general or advocate shall think reasonable.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Powers of for- That all powers, provisiorfs, articles, clauses, allowances on pre-hi^o^stam^s" ^ent Payment of t^e duties, and all other matters and things pre-tcfe^en^to bribed and appointed by any former add or adds of parliament re-this act. lating to the stamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, (and not hereby altered), shall (as far as the same are applicable) be of full force and effedd, with relation to the duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing, the said duties hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this add, ' as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby re-enacted, with relation to the said duties hereby imposed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, tofcidr)001311" if any person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be

fUmps^&c. to counterfeited or forged, any stamp or mark, directed or allowed suffer death, to he used or provided, made, or used, in pursuance of this add for the purpose of denoting any of the duties by this add granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, with intention to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties, or shall utter, vend, fell, or expose to sale, any vellum, parchment, or paper, liable to the said duties, with such counterfeit mark or impression thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or shall privately or fraudulently use any stamp or mark, directed or y allowed to be used by this add, with intent to defraud his Majesty*

his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties, every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. From July 5, That from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven duties to cease huncired anc* ninety-five, upon all and every policies and policy of*insurance, upon which any duty is hereby imposed, and which shall be duly stamped in pursuance of this add, all the former duties on fdamped vellum, parchment, or paper, which, by any add or acts of parliament in force at and immediately before the

passing

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63* 243

passing of this act, were, or were deemed, taken, or adjudged, to be payable on or in respect of policies of insurance, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable*

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the said duties herein-before granted shall be paid, from duties to be time to time, into the hands of the receiver general for the time Pa, d.to being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, neral\>fftamp who shall p&y the same (the necessary charges of raising and ac- duties, and by-counting for the same being deduced) into the receipt of the him into the exchequer at Westminster, at such time and in such manner as exchequer, other duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid; and the said money so paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be carried to, and made part of, the consolidated fund.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority Duties to be

aforesaid, That the monies arising, or to arise, of the several rates deemed an

or duties hereby granted, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, addition to y >. # '^-the revenue

shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue for the purpose for defraying

of defraying the increased charge occasioned by any loan made, the increased or flock to be created, by virtue of any act or acts to be passed in charge occa-this session of parliament; and that the said monies shall, during the space of ten years next ensuing, be paid into the said receipt fefplon distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt, shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties,

granted in this session of parliament for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, on any account whatever.

SCHEDULE

To which this act refers.

[1500.

- S. IN the name of God, Amen.

Delivered the as well in own name, as for and in the

day of name and names of all and every other persons

J to whom the same doth, may, or shall, apper- tain, in part or in all, doth make assurance, and cause and them, and every of them, to be insured, loft or not loft, at

r 2 and

*44

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. [1795.

and from upon the body, tackle, apparel*

ordnance, munition, artillery, boat, or other furniture, of and in the good ship or vessel called The whereof is

master, under God, for this present voyage, or

whosoever else shall go for master in the said ship, or by whatsoever other name or names the same ship, or the master thereof, is or shall be named or called: beginning the adventure upon the said ship, £ffr. from and immediately following and

so shall continue and endure until the said ship, with the said tackle, apparel, &c. shall be arrived at and there

hath moored at anchor twenty-four hours in good safety: and it shall be lawful for the said ship in this voyage to proceed and fail to and touch and stay at any port or places whatsoever without prejudice to this insurance; the said ship, &c. for so much as concerns the aftiireds, is and shall be valued at Touching the adventures and perils which we the affurers are contented to bear and do take upon us in this voyage, they are, of the seas, men of war, fire, enemies, pirates, rovers, thieves, jettisons, letters of mart and countermart, surprizals, takings at lea, arrests, restraints, and detainments of all kings, princes, and people, of what nation, condition, or quality soever, barretry of the master and mariners, and of all other perils, Losses, and misfortunes, that have or shall come to the hurt, detriment, or damage, of the said ship, &c. or any part thereof: and in case of any loss or misfortune, it shall be lawful to the aftureds, their factors, servants, and assigns, to sue, labour, and travel, for in, and about, the defence, safeguard, and recovery, of the said ship, &c, or any part thereof, without prejudice to this insurance, to the charges whereof we the affurers will contribute each one according to the rate and quantity of his sum herein allured: and it is further agreed by us the insurers, that this writing or policy of assurance shall be of as much force and effect as the furelt writing or policy of assurance heretofore made in Lombard Street, or in the Royal Exchange, or elsewhere in London: and so we the affurers are contented, and do hereby promise and bind ourselves, each one for his own part, our heirs, executors, and goods, to the affureds, their executors, administrators, and alsigns, for the true performance of the premises, confefting ourselves paid the consideration, due unto us for this assurance by the allured at and after the rate of

In witness whereof we the alfurers have subscribed our names and Turns allured in London.

N.B. The ship and freight warranted free from average under three pounds per tent, unless general, or the ship be stranded.

£ IjOOOO.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. £ i, oooo.)T

- G. IAN the name of God, Amen.

delivered the r as well in own name, as for and

day of I in the name and names of all and every other

J person or persons to whom the same doth, may, or shall, appertain, in part or in all, doth make assurance, and cause and them, and every of them, to be

insured, loft or not loft, at and from

upon any kind of goods and merchandizes whatsoever, loaden or to be loaden aboard the good ship or vessel called The whereof is master, under God, for this present voyage,

or whosoever else shall go for master in the said ship, or by whatsoever other name or names the same ship, or the master thereof, is or shall be named or called: beginning the adventure upon the said goods and merchandizes from and immediately following the loading thereof aboard the said ship

and so shall continue and endure until the said ship, with the said goods and merchandizes whatsoever, shall be arrived at and the same there safely landed: and it

shall be lawful for the said ship, in this voyage, to flop and stay at any ports or places whatsoever without prejudice

to this insurance; the said goods and merchandizes, by agreement, are and shall be valued at Touching

the adventures and perils which we the affurers are contented to bear, and do take upon us in this voyage, they are, of the seas, men of war, fire, enemies, pirates, rovers, thieves, jettisons, letters of mart and countermart, surprizals, takings at sea, arrests, restraints, and detainments of all kings, princes, and people, of what nation, condition, or quality soever, barretry of the master and mariners, and of all other perils, Losses, and misfortunes, that have or shall come to the hurt, detriment, or damage, of the said goods and merchandizes, or any part thereof: and in case of any loss or misfortune it shall be lawful to the affureds, their fadfors, servants, and assigns, to sue, labour, and travel, for, in, and about, the defence, safeguard, and recovery, of the said goods and merchandizes, or any part thereof, without prejudice to this insurance, to the charges whereof we the affurers will contribute each one according to the rate and quantity of his sum herein assured: and it is agreed by us the insurers, that this writing or policy of assuranee shall be of as much force and effedf as the surest writing or policy of assurance heretofore made in Lo?nbard Street, or in the Royal Exchange, or else where in London: and so we the affurers are contented, and do hereby promise and bind ourselves, each one for his own part, our heirs, executors, and goods, to the affureds, their executors, administrators, and assigns, for the true performance of the premises, confessing ourselves paid the const-deration due unto us for this assurance by the assured at and after the rate of

In witness whereof we the affurers have subscribed our names and sums assured in London,

& 3 iV. B. Cot iiv

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. [1795.

N.B. Corn, fish, salt, fruit, flour, and feed, are warranted free from average, unless general, or the'ship be strandedj — sugar, tobacco, hemp, flax, hides, and.skins, are warranted free from average under five pounds per cent.; and all other goods free from average under three, pounds per cent. unless general, pr the ship be stranded.

£. ro, oooo.

-S. G.

delivered the day of

N the name of God, Amen. as well in own name as for and

in the name and names of all and every other person or persons to whom the farhe doth, may, or shall, appertain, in part or in all, doth make assurance, and cause and them, and every of them, to be

insured, loft or not loft, at and from

upon any kind of goods and merchandizes, and also upon the body, tackle, apparel, ordnance, munition, artillery, boat, and other furniture, of and in the good ship or vessel called The whereof ismaster, under God, for this present voyage

or whosoever else shall go for mailer in the said ship, or by whatsoever other name or names the same ship, or the mailer thereof, is or shall be named or calied: beginning the adventure upon the said goods and merchandizes from the loading thereof aboard the said ship upon the said ship, &c. and

so shall continue and endure during her abode there, upon the said ship, &c.: and further, until the said ship, with all her ordnance, tackle, apparel, &c, and goods and merchandizes whatsoever, shall be arrived at upon the said ship, &c. until she hath moored at anchor twenty-four hours in good safety, and upon the goods and merchandizes until the same be there discharged and safely landed: and it shall be lawful for the said ship, &c, in this voyage, to proceed and fail to find touch and stay at any ports or places whatsoever

without prejudice to this insurance; the said ship, &c. goods and merchandizes, &c. for so much as concerns the assureds, by agreement between the aflureds and affurers, in this policy, are and shall be valued attouching the adventures and perils which we the affurers are con-- tended to bear and do take upon us in this voyage, they are, of the seas, men of war, fire, enemies, pirates, rovers, thieves, jetti-fons, letters of mart and countermart, surprizals, takings at sea, arrests, restraints, and detainments of all kings, princes, and people, of what nation, condition, or quality' soever, barretry of the master and mariners, and of all other perils, Losses, and misfortunes, that have or shall come to the hurt, detriment, or damage, of the said goods and merchandizes, and ship, &c. or any part thereof] and in case of any lqfs or misfortune it shall be lawful

to

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63.

to the aflureds, their factors, servants, and assigns, to sue, labour, and travel, for, in, and about, the defence, safeguard, and recovery, of the said goods and merchandizes, and ship, &c, or any part thereof, without prejudice to this insurance, to the charges whereof we the affurers will contribute each one according to the rate-and quantity of his sum herein allured: and it is agreed by us the insurers that this writing or policy of assurance shall be of as much force and effect as the surest writing or policy of assurance heretofore made in Lombard Street, or in the Royal Exchange, or elsewhere in London: and so we the affurers are contented, and do hereby promise and bind ourselves, each one for his own part, our heirs, executors, and goods, to the aflureds, their executors, administrators, and assigns, for the true performance of the premises, confelfing ourselves paid the consideration due unto us for this assurance by the assured at and after the rate of

In witness whereof we the affurers have subscribed our names and Turns assured in London,

N.B. Corn, fish, salt, fruit, flour and feed, are warranted free from average, unless general, or the ship be branded; — sugar, tobacco, hemp, flax, hides, and skins, are warranted free from average under five pounds -per cent,; and all other goods, also the ship and freight, are warranted free of average under three pounds per cent. unless general, or the ship be stranded.

SHIP and GOODS.

London Assurance House,

N° N° in London.

By the Governor and Company of the London Assurance.

In the name of God, Amen,

as well in own name as for and in the name and names

of all and every other person or persons to whom the same doth, may, or shall, appertain, in part or in all, doth make assurance, and causeth and them, and every of them,

to be assured, loft or not loft, at and from

upon any kind of goods and merchandizes whatsoever; and also upon the body, tackle, apparel, ordnance, munition, artillery, boat, and other furniture, of and in the good ship or vessel called !The whereof is master, under God, for this present voyage or whoever else shall go

for master in the said ship or vessel, or by whatsoever other name or names the said ship or vessel, or the master thereof, is or shall

R 4 be

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63. [1795.

be named or called: beginning the adventure upon the said goods and merchandizes from and immediately following the loading thereof aboard the said ship or vessel at and upon the said ship or vessel, &c. and so shall continue and endure during he/ abode there, upon the said ship or vessel, &c.; and farther, until the said ship or vessel, with all her ordnance, tackle, apparel, &c. and goods and merchandizes whatsoever, shall be arrived at and upon the said

ship or vessel, &c. until flic hath moored at anchor twenty-four hours in good safety, and upon the goods and merchandizes, until the same be there safely discharged and landed: and it shall be lawful for the said ship or vessel, &c. in this voyage, to proceed and fail to, and touch and flay at, any ports or places whatsoever without prejudice to this assurance, the said ship or

vessel, &c, goods and merchandizes, &c. for so much as concerns the aflureds, (by agreement between the aflureds and the London assurance), are and shall be rated and valued at without farther or other account to be given by the aflureds for the same. Touching the adventures and perils, which the said London assurance are contented to bear and do take upon them in this voyage, they are, of the seas, men of war, fire, enemies, pirates, rovers, thieves, jettisons, letters of mart and countermart, surprisals, takings at sea, arrests, restraints, and detainments of all kings, princes, and people, of what nation, condition, or quality soever, barretry of the master and mariners, and of all other perils, losses, and misfortunes, that have or shall come to the hurt, detriment, or damage, of the said goods and merchandizes, and ship or vessel, &c. or any part thereof: and in case of any loss or misfortune it shall be lawful to the aflureds, their factors, Servants, and assigns, to sue, labour, and travel, for, in, and about, the defence, safeguard, and recovery, of the said goods, merchandizes, and ship or vessel, &c. or any part thereof, without prejudice to this assurance, to the charges whereof the said London assurance will contribute according to the rate and quantity of the sum herein assured: and it is agreed that this writing or policy of assurance shall be of as much force and effect as the surest: writing or policy of assurance heretofore made in Lombard Street, or in the Royal Exchange, or elsewhere in London: and so the said London assurance are contented, and do hereby promise and bind themselves and their successors to the aflureds, their executors, administrators, and assigns, for the true performance of the premiles, confessing themselves paid the consideration due unto them for this assurance by the assured, at and after the rate of

per cent. In witness whereof the said London assurance have caused their common seal to be hereunto affixed, and the sum or sums by them assured to be hereunder written, at their office in London, this day of in the

year of the reign of our sovereign lord by the grace God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, and in the year of our Lord

Free

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 63.

Free from all average on corn, flour, fruit, fish, frit, and feeds, except general.

Free from average on sugar, rum, hides, skins, hemp, flax, and tobacco, under five pounds per cent.; and on all other goods, and ship, under three pounds per cent. except general.

The said governor and company are content with this assuranee for

S.G. 7 S. G. N°

Nc J L

By the Corporation of the Royal Exchange Assurance.

In the name of God, Amen.

as well in own name as for and in the name and names of

all and every other person or persons to whom the same doth, may, or shall, appertain, in part or in all, doth make assurance, and causeth and them, and every of them, to

be allured, loft or not loft, upon any kind of goods and merchandizes whatsoever, loaden or to be loaden, and also upon the body, tackle, apparel, ordnance, munition, artillery, boat, and other furniture, of and in the good shipor vessel called The burthen, or thereabouts,

whereof is matter, under God, for this present voyage

or whosoever else shall go for matter in the said ship, or by whatsoever other name or names the same ship or the matter thereof is or shall be named or called: beginning the adventure upon the said goods and merchandizes from and immediately following the loading thereof on board the said ship and upon the said ship, and so shall continue

and endure during her abode there upon the said ship, &c. and further until the said ship, with all her ordnance, tackle, apparel, &c. and goods and merchandizes whatsoever, shall be arrived at upon the said ship, &c. until she hath there

moored at anchor twenty-four hours in good safety, and upon the goods and merchandizes, until the same be there discharged and safely landed: and it shall be lawful for the said ship, &c. in this voyage, to proceed and fail to, and touch and stay at, any ports or places whatsoever, without prejudice to this affix ranee the said ship &c. goods and merchandizes, &c, for so much as concerns the aflureds, (by agreement made between the aflureds and the said corporation in this policy), are and shall be rated and valued at sterling, without farther account to be given

by the aflureds for the same. Touching the adventures and perils which the said corporation are contented to bear and do take upon them in this voyage, they are, of the seas, men of war, fire, enemies, pirates, rovers, thieves, jettisons, letters of mart and countermart, surprisals, takings at sea, arrests, restraints, and detainments of all kings, princes, and people, of what nation, condition, or quality soever, barretry of the matter and mariners,

and

25^ Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 64. [1795.

and of all other perils, Losses, and misfortunes, that have or shal] come to the hurt, detriment, or damage, of the said goods and merchandizes, and ship, &c. or any part thereof: and in case of any loss or misfortune it shall be lawful to the affureds, their fadbors, servants, and assigns, to sue, labour, and travel, for, in, and about, the defence, safeguard, and recovery, of the said goods and merchandizes, and ship, &c. (or any part thereof), without prejudice to this assurance, to the charges whereof the said corporation will contribute according to the rate and quantity of the sum herein allured: and it is agreed by the said corporation that this writing or policy of assurance shall be of as much force and effect as the surest writing or policy of assurance. heretofore made in Lombard Street; or in the Royal Exchange, or else where in London: and so the said corporation are contented, and do hereby promise and bind themselves and their successors to the affureds, their executors, administrators, and assigns, for the true performance of the premises, confessing themselves paid the consideration due unto them for this assurance by at and after the

rate of per cent1 In witness whereof the said

corporation have caused their common seal to be hereunto affixed, and the sum or fumS by them assured to be hereunder written, at their office in the Royal Exchange of London this day of in the year of the

reign of our sovereign lord by the grace of

God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &ct and in the year of our Lord

The said corporation are content with this assurance for

Free from all average on corn, flour, flfn, salt, fruit, feed, hides, and tobacco, unless general, or otherwise specially agreed.

Free from average on sugar^ rum, skins, hemp, and flax, under five per cent.; and on all other goods, and on ship, under three per cent. except general.

[Preamble.]

Ivluntiny act. recited.'

k

By order of the court of directors.

CAP. LXIV.

An act for encreasing the rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering soldiers, for a limited time.*-[May ig, 1795.]

WHEREAS by the act of parliament now in force for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, certain rates are establishedin that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, for the payment of innholders and others on w\)om non-comtnijfioned officers and private soldiers are quartered and billetted, who fall be furnishecl with diet and small beer at their quarters; and an option is given to such innholders and other to furnifi certain articles gratis, in lieu of diet and small leer, at the

1795- Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 64. 251

rates prescribed: and whereas the occofion of marching and quartering of troops has encreased, and may continue, and the rules prescribed for furnishing soldiers with necessaries are, in many instances, become, from the high price of provisons, inadequate, are productive of clijirefs to

such innholders and others: may it therefore please your Majestiy that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the paf- Non-commissing of this act, and during the continuance thereof, every non- h°ned officers commissioned officer and private soldier who shall be furnished ailov^iotTper with diet and small beer within the aforesaid part of Great Britain, diem for diet by the innholders or other persons on whom such non-commis- and final] beer fioned officers or private soldiers shall be quartered and billetted II1 cluarffrsin by virtue of the said act now in force, or by virtue of any act which may hereafter be in force, for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, shall pay and allow for the same ten-pence per diem \ and that the accounts of the same shall be rendered, and payment thereof made, in like manner as is directed in the said act now in force touching the former rates of sixpence per diem for the cavalry, and four-pence per diem for the infantry.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any innholders or and for arti-other persons on whom any non-commissioned officers or private cles which men shall be quartered, shall, by virtue of the said option in the said act, furnish such non-commissioned officers or soldiers with in lieu thereof, the articles therein mentioned, in lieu of furnishing diet and sd. per diem small beer, at the rates prescribed by this act, such innholders or to be allowed, other persons on whom such non-commissioned officers or soldiers are quartered, and by whom the said articles shall have been lo supplied, shall receive, in consideration thereof, two-pence per diem for each non-commissioned officer and soldier, inilead of furnishing the same gratis, as required by the said act* which sum of two-pence per diem shall be accounted for and paid in like manner as is directed touching the rates aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That the sum to be paid to the For horses innholder or other person, on whom any of the horses belonging to his said Majestiy's forces shall be quartered by virtue of the diem to be* said act, for hay and straw, shall, from and after the passing of paid for hay this act, and during the continuance thereof, be ten-pence half- and straw. penny per diem for each horse, inffield of sixpence per diem as directed in the said act.

IV. And whereas the provisons contained in the fa-cl recited abi, with respect to the manner of dieting non-commissioned officers and So much of re-soldiers on a march, or employed in recruiting, and Ukewife the recruits a(^c 3S by them raised, have been productive of much inconvenience, as well to with1*

the troops as the innholders; be it further enacted, That so much of dietnon-com-the said recited act as relates to the manner ot furnishing non- missionedoffi-

commissioned officers and soldiers on a march, or employed in Clrrs and lo

__________ __ j T.*t., .,: .1_______u.,: r, o i j: ____to on a

march or recruiting, re-V, And pealed.

recruiting, and like wile the recruits by them raised, with diet or other provision, be, and the same is hereby repealed.

252. Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 65. [1795.

Regulation V. And be it further enacted, That all non-commissione^ dietin^no^to °cers an<^ soldiers shall, during the continuance of this act*, be commissioned entitled to receive their diet and small beer from the innholders or other persons on whom they may be billetted, at the rates herein-before prescribed, while on the march, as also on and for the day of their arrival at the place of their final destination, and on the two subsequent days, unless either of the two subsequent days shall be a market day in and for the town or place where such officers or soldiers shall be billetted, or within the distance of two miles thereof, in which case it shall and may be lawful for the innholder, or other person as aforesaid, to discontinue on and from such market day, the supply of diet and small beer, and to furnish in lieu thereof the articles in the said recited act specified, and at the rate herein-before prescribed: provided always, that if any regimen:, troop, company, or detachment, when on the march, shall be halted, either for a limited or indefinite time, at any intermediate place, the non-commissioned officers and soldiers belonging thereto flu all be entitled to receive their diet and small beer from the persons on whom they shall be billetted at such intermediate place, for such time only for which they would be entitled to receive the same after arriving at the place of their final destination, according to this act. and recruiting

VI. And be it further enacted, That all non-commissioned parties and officers and private men employed in recruiting, and the recruits recruits them raised, shall, while on the march, and for two days after the day of their arrival at any recruiting Ration, be entitled to the same benefits as is herein-before provided in regard to troops upon the march; but no recruit enlisted after the two days subsequent to the arrival of the party at their recruiting Ration, shall be entitled to be supplied with diet and small beer at the rate herein-before prescribed, except at the option of the person on whom he shall be quartered: provided also nevertheless, that in case any such recruiting party, with the recruits by them raised, shall remove from their Ration, and after a time shall return to the same place, they, and the recruits by them raised, so returning, shall not be again entitled to the supply of diet and small beer for such two days as aforesaid, unless the period between the time of their removal from such place, and their return thereto, shall have exceeded twenty-eight days.

Continuance VIE And be it further enacted, That this act shall have con-°^dC*tinuance until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

CAP. LXV.

An act to prevent unncessary delay in the execution of writs, for the election of members to serve in parliament for that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[May 19, 1795.]

officers and soldiers on their march;

[Preamble.]

L

WHEREAS the execution of writs of election of ?ne?nbers to serve for the commons in parliament for that part of Great Britain called Scotland, has often been improperly delayed3 for remedy

whereof.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 253

whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the sheriff or flewart depute or sub- Sheriffs de-flitute of any county or stewartry in that part of Great Britain called Scotland^fhzW, within fix free days after receiving the writ or aired within writs for the election of members to serve in parliament, direct six days after the notices required by law to be given as to the time and place receiving the of election of a member for such county or stewartry; and that writs, the no the day of election appointed by the sheriff shall not be looner to be givenfor than fix free days, nor later than fifteen days after the day of elections of publication at the church doors. members &c.

II. And whereas doubts have been entertained by whom the writs for election of members to serve for the commons in parliament for that part of Great Britain called Scotland, should be received and executed when there happens to be a principal or high sheriffi or fteiv-art appointed by his Majesty in any county or stewartry as well as a sheriff depute or flewart depute, whose conmiffiion is also derived from the crown, and is ad vitam aut culpam, in respect that, by an act passed in the tiventieth year of his late Majesty, for taking aiuay and abolishing the heritable jur if dictions, these offices, and the poivers and authorities belonging to them, were essentially changed; for remedy thereof, and to remove such doubts, be it enacted, That, upon

issuing of any writ or writs for the election of a member or mem- putes^&cf or bers to serve in parliament for that part of Great Britain called in their ab-jScotland, the said writ or writs shall be forthwith forwarded and fence their delivered to the sheriff depute, or flewart depute, or to the sub- substitutes, to stitute of each, and the principal or high sheriff*, or flewart, fti^ft'execu^wits not officiate either in receiving or in executing the writ, the for elections. whole of this duty being entrusted to the sheriff depute, or flewart depute, or in case of absence, to the substitute of each, and to no other person whatsoever.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any sheriff* or flewart depute or substitute shall wilfully refuse, lHltes Szc. neglect, or delay, to do or perform what is hereby required of for neglect of him in any of the particulars aforesaid, he shall, for every offence, duty; forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds fferling, one half to the person who shall sue for the same, and the other half to his Majesty, to be sued for and recovered in the manner directed by an act of the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act to explain and amend the laws touching the election of members to serve for the commons in parliament for that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and to refrain the partiality, and regulate the condust, of returning officers at such elections.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any and on high principal or high sheriff or flewart, or any person, other than the f0rVnterfJrine sheriff or flewart depute, or the substitute of each, shall presume in the execu-in any respect to interfere, or take upon himself the execution of tion of writs, writs of election of members to serve in parliament for that part

254 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 66, [1795.

of Great Britain called Scotland, every such person so offending in any particular, shall, for every offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one thousand pounds sterling, one half to the person who shall sue for the same, and the other half to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to be fuea for and recovered in the manner directed by an adlof the sixteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act to explain and amend the laws touching the election of members to serve for the commons in parliament for that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and to refrain the partiality, and regulate the condust, of returning officers at such elections*, and further, the person convicted on any suit shall thereby become disabled and incapable of ever bearing or executing any office or place of trust whatsoever under his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority Limitation of aforesaid, That every action or suit for any offence against this actions. add, shall be commenced within twelve months after commission

of the fact on which the same is grounded, or within twelve months after the conclusion of any proceedings in the house of commons relating to such election.

VI. And whereas the several paris churches in the fewartry of Writs for the 'Orkney and Zetland are Jituated upon islands, detached and difficult

of access; be it therefore enacted, That the writ for the election of a member to serve in parliament for the said stewartry shall be published at the town of Kirkwall, and the twelve parish churches in the island of Pomona, or the main land of Orkney only.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for making part of certain principal ferns or flock and annuities raised or created, or to be raised or created, by the parliament of the kingdom of Ireland, on loans, for the use of the government of that kingdom, transferable, and the dividends on such flock and amiuities payable, at the bank of England; and for the better security of the proprietors of such stocks and annuities, and of the governor and company of the bank of England.

[May 19, 1795.]

election ot members for Orkney and Zetland where to be published.

[Preamble,

Act of the parliament of Ireland of 34 Geo. 3. and

WHEREAS by an act of parliament of the kingdom of Ireland, made and passed in the thirty fourth year of his Majesty* s reign, intituled An act for securing the payment of the annuities and of the interest upon the principal sums therein provided, for and towards the discharge of such principal sums in such manner as therein is directed; and for enabling the officers of his Majesty's treasury to receive certain sums, for a limited time, in manner therein mentioned; and for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund; and for applying a certain sum of money therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four; and for other purposes; it ivas among other things enacted, that it should be lawful to raise on loan the several sums of nine hundred thousand pounds^ and one hundred and twenty-nine thousand six hundred and fifty pounds;

and

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 66.

and that for so much of the said sums as should he actually paid by any person or persons into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer of that kingdom upon loan, by debentures bearing interest after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, or upon loan by debentures bearing interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, there should be paid., at the receipt of his MajeJIJ s exchequer of that kingdom, at the end of every six calendar months, to the person or persons so paying or lending the same, his, her, or their executors, ad minifir ators, or assigns, such interest, not exceeding the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, and four pounds per centum per annum respectively, and to commence from such time or times as should be agreed upon by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of that kingdom for the time beings without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions whatsoever, until such time as they should be respectively paid their principal money at one entire payment: and it wasfurther enacted, that it should be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of that kingdom for the time being, to appoint to be paid to such person or persons who should subscribe on loan by debentures at the respective rates of interest aforesaid, such respective annuities, and for such terms of years respectively as therein mentioned: and it was further enacted, that it should be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of that kingdom for the time being, from time to time to appoint one or more person or persons to pay, in the city of London, the interest by that act to be payable on any sum or sums by that act authorised to be raised and borrowed, and to pay such annuities as might by that act be grant- y jed to effectuate the raising of any such sum or sums, such interest and annuities to be paid for such sums as should be subscribed, and for which the person or persons subscribing should, at the time of paying the fu?n or sums subscribed for, declare his or their intention of receiving i7i London the interest thereof and the annuities thereupon, which interest and annuities should be paid without any deduction or charge whatsoever for exchange or otherwise: and whereas by another act of parliament of the said kingdom of Ireland, ?nadey and passed in the thirty-fifth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for securing the 35 Geo. payment of the annuities, and of the interest upon the principal sums recited, therein provided, for and towards the discharge of such principal sums, in such manner as therein is directed; and for enabling the officers of his Majesty's treasury to receive certain sums, for a limited time, in manner therein mentioned; and for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund; and for applying a certain sum therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and for other purposes; reciting, among other things, that, towards effectuating the raising of the sum of one million and twenty-nine thousand six hundred and fifty pounds, by the said former act authorised to be raised and borrowed, annuities of twenty shillings by the year, for each sum of one hundred pounds, for fifteen years from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety- four, had, i?i pursuance of the said former act, been appointed to be paid to the persons who subscribed to the same, which annuities amounted to the sum of ten

thousand

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 66. [1795.

thousand two hundred and ninety-six pounds and ten fillings: and that the persons entitled to nine thousand and one hundred pounds there-of had, pursuant to the said former act, declared their intention of receiving the same in London, it was enabled\ that for the several principal sums therein mentioned, including in particular the said fun of one million and twenty-nine thousand six hundred and fifty pounds, borrowed in pursuance of the said former act upon, or secured by, debentures hearing an interest at the rate of five pounds per centum per* annum, and which should remain unpaid on the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, there should be paid, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in the kingdom of Ireland, or by the person or persons appointed in the city of London for the payment offitch interest as should be there payable in pursuance of the said former act, at the end of every six calendar months, to be computed from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to the person or persons ivbo paid or lent, or should have become entitled to the same respectively, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, an interest at the respective rates therein mentioned, according to the tenor of finch debentures respectively, without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions whatsoever, until such time as they should be respectively paid their principal money at one entire payment: and it was by the said act of the thirty fifth year of his Majesty's reign further enacted, that it should be lawful to raise on loan the sum of one million five hundred and ninety-one thousand six hundred and sixty-six pounds thirteen shillings and four-pence, and that for so much of the said last mentioned sum as should be actually paid by any person or persons into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer of that kingdom, upon loans by debentures bearing interest after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, there should be paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in that kingdom, at the end of every six calendar months, to the person or persons so paying or lending the same, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, such interest not exceeding the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, and to commence from such time or times as should be agreed upon by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Ireasury in that kingdom, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer of that kingdom, with the approbation of the lord lieutenant or other chief' governor or governors of that kingdom, for the time being, without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions whatsoever, until such time as they should be respectively paid their principal money at one entire payment: and it was, by the said act of the thirty-fifth year of his Majesty's reign, further enacted, that for so much of the said sum of one million five hundred and ninety-one thousand six hundred and sixty-six pounds thirteen shillings and four-pence, as should he actually paid by any person or persons in England, the use of the government of the kingdom of Ireland, there should he paid at the bank of England, to the person or persons so paying or lending the f ame, his, her, or their executors, administrators, and assigns, such inter e/I, not exceeding the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, and to commence from such time or times as should be agreed upon by the commissioness of his Majesty's ireasury of Ireland, or any three9Qr

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 66

or ?nore of the?n, or the lord high treasurer of that kingdom, with the approbation of the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of that kingdom for the time beings without any fee or charge, and free from all deductions whatsoever, until such time as they should respectively be paid their principal money at one entire payment: and the said act of the thirty-ffth year of his Majesty's reign, further reciting, that, in order to effectuate the raising of the said sum of one million five hundred and ninety-one thousand six hundred and sixty-six pounds thirteen fillings and four-pence, or such part thereof as might be wanting, it jnight be necessary to grant annuities for certain terms of years to the person subscribing to a loan on debentures, or subscribing to fock at the bank of England, in case the governor and company of the said bank should agree to keep transfer books of the same, and in case transfer books of fock, conffiing of such money as should be subscribed in England towards raising the said sum to be borroived in pursuance of the said act of the thirty-fifth year of his Majesty's reign should be kept at the bank of England, it was thereby enacted, that the entries in such transfer books flocidd be evidence of the right and title of the person or persons appearing by such entries to have a right thereto, and foonld in every respect be as effectual and fufificient for every purpose as any entry in any transfer book kept at the bank ^England of fock in any fund there: and it was, by the said act of the thirty-fifth year of his Majesty's reign, further enacted, that it should be lawful for the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of the kingdom of Ireland for the time being, to appoint to be paid to such person or persons as shouldsub-feribe, at the receipt of his Majestfs treasury in that kingdo?n, or in England, for the use of the government of the kingdom of Ireland, any sum or sums towards raising the said sum of one million five hundred ninety-one thousand six hundred and sixty-six pounds thirteen J, hillings and four-pence, such annuity or annuities as should be agreed upon by the lord lieutenant, or other chief governor or governors of the kingdom ^Ireland, not exceeding the lowe/i rate that should be offered by any person subscribing to the said loan, for any term of years not more than fifteen; and that such annuities as sould be so appointed, should be paid to the person or persons so subscribing, his, her, or their executors, administrators, and assigns, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Ireland, in respect of such sums as should be subscribed and paid there; and at the bank of England, in respect of such sums as should be subscribed and paid in England, for the use of the government of the kingdom of Ireland; and such annuities should be paid at such time or times, and in such manner, and to commence from such period, as should be appointed: and whereas the governor and company of the bank tf/'England have consented and agreed, that so much of the annuities, and of the inter efi upon the said principal sums of one million and twenty-nine thousand six hundred and fifty pounds, and one million five hundred and ninety-one thousand six hundred and sixty-six pounds thirteen shillings and four-pence, by the said two acts of parliament of Ireland authorised to be raised and borrowed, as shall be payable in England, should be payable at the bank of England j and the said governor and company have also consented and Vol. XL. S agreed

258 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 66. [1795.

agreed to keep such transfer books as mentioned in the said act of parliament of Ireland of the thirty-fifth year of his Majests reign; but such agreement cannot be effectually carried into execution without the aid of parliament: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted and declared by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament Bank of Eng- assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and

T^mone^ after Pa^ing of ^Is a(^? lt an<^ ma7 tawful for the paid in pur- governor and company of the bank of England to apply such mo-fuance of re- ney as shall be paid into the bank of England in pursuance of cited acts, in the said acts of the parliament of Ireland, in paying the interest m^e^f^and anc^ annuit^esn pursuance of the said two acts of parliament of annuities Ireland> or either of them, and the said annuities, and also the pursuant said principal sums or flock, and any part or parcel thereof, shall thereto, &c. and may be transferable at the bank of England in the manner herein after described; and the said annuities, principal sums, or flock, and the interest payable thereon, shall not be liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London or otherwise; any law, statute, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Books to be

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

te^nn ^trans*anc^ may for t^ie governor and company of the

fers of annui- bank of England to authorise and direct their accountant general ties, &c, for the time being, to keep books wherein all alignments or transfers of the said annuities, and principal sums or flock, shall be entered and registered, in such manner as the said governor and company shall direct; which entry shall be signed by the parties making such assignments or transfers, or if such parties be absent, by their respective attorney or attornies, thereunto lawfully authorised, in writing under his, her, or their hand and seal, or hands and leals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses; and that the several persons to whom such transfers shall be- made, shall respectively underwrite their acceptance thereof by themselves, or by theijr respective attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorised in manner aforesaid; and that no other method of aligning and transferring the said annuities and principal No flam sums or flock, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall duties to be g00^ or available in law: provided always, that no (lamp du-charged. ties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said transfers, nor on any receipt for any payment in respect of the said annuities, or the said principal sums, or flock, or the interest thereof; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas, for the prevention of forgeries andfrauds in respect to the receipts, payments, and transfers, made or given in pursuance of this ah, it is necessary that the like provisions should be enacted as by the laws now in being are already in force respecting flocks, annuities, and other publick funds, tramferr able at the bank of Persons forg- England aforesaid \ be it therefore further enacted by the authority °X aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act, if any person

cefptso/de- or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be bentures, to forged or counterfeited, or wilfully act or assist in the forging or suffer death. counterfeiting,

1795.] Anno o regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 66. 259

counterfeiting, any receipt or receipts for the whole or any part or parts of the said subscripticyis or contributions towards the said two loans, or either of them, or any debenture or debentures purporting to entitle any person or persons^ or body politick or corporate whatsoever, to any principal sum, or the interest thereon, or any annuity, or part of any principal sum, interest, or annuity, payable under the said two acts of parliament of Ireland, or either of them, either with or without the name or names of any person or persons, or body politick or corporate, being inserted therein as the subscriber or subscribers, or contributor or contributors, or payer or payers, towards the said two loans, or any part or parts thereof, or shall alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter or publish as true, any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered, receipt or receipts, debenture or debentures, with intention to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, every such person or per*

Tons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or wilfully acting or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publishing, as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon or felons, without benefit of clergy.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the passing of this act, if any person or per- persont5 fordu-fons shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or coun- ing letters of terfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or allift in the forging or attorney to counterfeiting, any letter of attorney or other authority or instrument, to transfer, assign, fell, or convey, any part or fhure of or p\-0prie-in the principal sums or stock, or the annuities, by this act made tors, tofufief or declared transferrable at the bank of England, or to receive death, any annuity or annuities, or interest, or dividend or dividends, in pursuance of this act payable at the bank of England, or any part thereof, or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully acct or aftift in the forg- j

ing or counterfeiting, any the name or names of any the proprietor or proprietors of any such part or share of or in such principal sums, or flock, or annuities, interest, dividend or dividends as aforesaid, in or to any such pretended letter of attorney, instrument, or authority, or shall knowingly and fraudulently demand or endeavour to have any such pait or share of or in such principal sums, or stock, or annuities, interest, dividend or dividends, or any part thereof, transferred, aisigned, fold, or conveyed, or such annuity or annuities, interest, dividend or dividends, or any part thereof, to be received by virtue of any such counterfeit of forged letter of attorney, authority, or instrument, or shall falsely and deceitfully personate any true-and leal proprietor or proprietors of the said ihares, of or in the said principal sums or stock, annuities, interest, dividend or dividends, or any of them, or any part thereof, and thereby transferring, or endeavouring to transfer, any part or share of or in the said principal sums, or stock, or annuities, or receiving, or endeavouring, to receive the money of

s 2 such Persons forging dividend

260 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c.

[1794.

such true and lawful proprietor or proprietors, as if such offender or offenders were the true and lawful owner or owners thereof, then, and in every or any such case, such offender or offenders shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon or felons, without benefit of clergy.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act, if any person or persons

to suffer death*. forge> counterfeit, or alter, any dividend warrant, or warrant for payment of any annuity, interest, or money, payable in pursuance of this act at the bank of England, or any indorsement thereon, or shall offer, or dispose of, or put away, any such forged, counterfeited, or altered, dividend warrant, or warrant for payment of any annuity, interest, or money, payable as aforesaid, or the indorsement thereon, or demand the money therein contained or pretended to be due thereon, or any part thereof, of the said governor and company of the bank of England\ or any their officers or servants, knowing such dividend warrant, or warrant for payment of any annuity, interest, or money, payable as aforesaid, or the indorsement thereon, to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with intent to defraud the said governor and company of the bank of iEngland, or their successors, or any other body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, every person or persons so offending shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon or felons, without benefit of clergy.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Officers of the That, from and after the passing of this act, if any officer or fer-bankembez* vant Gf the said governor and company of the bank of England, being entrusted with any note, bill, dividend warrant, or warrant for payment of any annuity or interest, or money, cr any security money, or other effects, of or belonging to the said governor and company, or having any note, bill, dividend warrant, or warrant for payment of any annuity or interest, or money, or any security money, or other effects, of any other person or persons, body politick or corporate, lodged or deposited with the said governor and company, or with him as an officer or servant of the said governor and company, in pursuance of this act, or of the due execution thereof, shall secrete, embezzle, or run away with, any such note, bill, dividend or other warrant, security money, or other effects, as aforesaid, or any part thereof, every such officer or servant, so offending, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons mak- That, front and after the passing of this act, if any person or per-ing transfers fons foaij wilfully make, or affiftc in making, any transfer of any names of Vo- intere^? part, or stare> of or any principal sums or stock, an-prietors, to nuity or annuities, by this act made or declared transferrable at suffer death, the bank of England, in any of the books of the said governor and company of the bank of England, in which transfers of principal sums, stock, or annuities, as aforesaid, are, or in pursuance of this act shall be, made, in the name or names of any person or persons.

zling notes, &c. to suffer death.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 66. &6i

persons, not being the owner or owners, or proprietor or proprietors, of such principal sums or flock, or annuity or annuities, transferrable as aforesaid, with intent to defraud the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any other body politick: or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, such person or persons so making, or assisting in making, such transfer as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon or felons, without benefit of clergy.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the passing of this act, if any person or per- Persons forg-fons whatsoever shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or shall wil-^fully act or assist in the falsely making, forging, or counterfeiting, of any transfer of any interest, part, or share, of or in any principal sums, or flock, or annuity or annuities, by this act made or declared transferrable at the bank of England, or shall utter or publish as true any such false, forged, or counterfeited transfer as aforesaid, knowing the same to be false, forged, or counterfeited, with intent to defraud the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any other body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, all and every person or persons whatsoever, so offending, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon or felons, without benefit of clergy.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, Persons mak- from and after the passing of this act, if any person or persons whatsoever shall wilfully make, or assist in making, any false en- bodks of the try, or shall wilfully alter, or assist in altering, any word or figure bank to suffer

7 in any entry in the books of account kept, or in pursuance of death, this act to be kept, by the said governor and company of the bank of England, wherein the several accounts of the owners or proprietors of principal sums, or flock, or annuities, by this act made or declared transferrable at the bank of England, are, or in pursuance of this act shall be, entered and kept, or shall in any manner wilfully falsify the account or accounts of any such owner or proprietor in the books of the said governor and company, wherein such accounts are, or in pursuance of this act shall be, entered and kept, with intent to defraud the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any other body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, every such person or persons, so offending, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon or felons, without benefit of clergy.

X. And whereas, in order to cover and conceal forgeries and frauds in transfers, dividend warrants have been sometimes made out for different sums than the sums really due: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, if any clerk, officer, or servant of, Clerks, See of or other person or persons employed or entrusted by, the said governor and company, shall, from and after the passing of this act, dividend waf^ knowingly or wilfully make out or deliver, or cause or procure to be rants to be made out or delivered, or wilfully act or assist in the making out transported* or delivering, of any dividend warrant, or warrant for payment

S3 of

of any annuity, or inter eft, or money, payable in pursuance of this act at the bank of England, for a greater or less amount than the person or persons on whose behalf, or pretended behalf, such dividend warrant, or warrant for payment of any annuity, or interest, or money, payable as aforesaid, shall be made out, is or are entitled to, with intent to defraud the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any other body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, all and every, such person or persons, lo offending, being in due form of law convicted, of any such offence or offences as aforesaid, shall be transported for seven years.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for rendering more effectual an act passed In the first year of the reign of King James the First, intituled An act to restrain all persons from marriage until their former wives and former husbands be dead.

[May 19, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

I Jap. i. c. 11.

Persons convicted in England of bigamy, subject to the penalties inflicted for larceny;

and returning to Great Britain before the expiration of the term for which they are transported, to Suffer death.

Offenders returning from transporta-lion, where to be tried, &c.

WHEREAS the punishment of persons convicted offelony, under or by virtue of an act, made in the first year of the reign of King James the First, intituled An act to restrain ail persons from marriage until their former wives and former husbands be dead, has not proved effectual to deter wicked and evil-disposed persons from being guilty of the offence therein described: be 'it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any person or persons within his Majesty's dominions of England and Wales, being married, or which hereafter shall marry, do, at any time from and after the passing of this act, marry any person or persons, the former husband or wife being alive, and shall be indue manner convicted thereof under the said act, shall be subject and liable to the same penalties, pains, and puniflnnents, as, by the laws now in force, persons are subject and liable to who are convicted of grand or petit larceny.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons, who shall be ordered to be' transported by virtue of this act, shall be afterwards at large within Great Britain, without some lawful cause, before the expiration of the term for which such person or persons shall be ordered to be transported, all and every such person and persons, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be guilty of felony, and suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

III. And be it further enacted, That such person and persons so ordered to be transported as aforesaid, and afterwards found at large within Great Britain, may be tried for such offence either in the county where such person or persons was or were so convicted and ordered to be transported as aforesaid, or in such county where such person. or persons shall be apprehended and taken (such county being within England or Wales)) and in such latter

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 68 — 7T*

case the clerk, or other person having the custody of the records of the court by which such person or persons was or were ordered to be transported, shall certify a transcript, briefly containing the tenor and effect of the record of the indictment, verdict, and judgement, against such person and persons; which certificate, being produced to the court before whom such person or persons shall stand on their trial, shall be deemed and taken to be sufficient evidence of the indictment, verdict, and judgement, contained in such record.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for vesting, for a certain term of years, in the right honourable Henry Seymour Conway, his executors, administrators, and assigns, the sole property of a kiln or oven, by him invented, for burning lime, and for the use of distillers and brewers, and for other beneficial purposes.

[May 19, 1795 J.

[Publick act.]

Letters patent dated first of January 178a, recited. Specification of the invention. Sole privilege of making and vending the invention vested in the right honourable Henry Seymour Conway, his executors, See. for twenty years. Privilege not to be transferred to more than five persons,

CAP. LXIX.

An act for repealing so much of an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable his Majesty to grant to the heirs of the former proprietors, upon certain terms and conditions, the forfeited estates in Scotland, which were put under the management of a board of trustees by an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and to repeal the said act, as relates to the amount of the debt charged upon the lands and estate which became forfeited by the attainder of Evan Macpherson, late of Cluny.

[May 19, 1795.]

Act 24 Geo. 3. c. 57, recited, and that part which subjects the forfeited lands of Cluny to the payment of five thousand one hundred and thirty-eight pounds seventeen shillings and eleven-pence and seven twelfth parts of a penny, repealed. The forfeited lands of Cluny to be subject only to the payment of three thousand one hundred and eighty-eight pounds seven shillings one penny and one twelfth part of a penny.

CAP. LXX.

An act for amending an act passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for taking down the church and tower belonging to the parish of Saint John at Hackney, in the county of Middlesex; and for building another church and tower for the use of the said parish; and for making an additional cemetry or churchyard; and for raising a further sum of money for completing the said church, and other works.

[May 19, 1795.]

[Publick act.]

Trustees empowered to make a further rate of two-pence in the pound. Trustees may borrow a further sum of five thousand pounds. All future contracts to be signed, &c. by th.e treasurer to the trustees.

CAP. LXXI.

An act for building a new church or chapel in the town of Halifax, in the west riding of the county of York.

[May 19, 1795.]

s 4 Agreement

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 72, 73. [1795.

[Publick act.]

Agreement oflVilliam Henry Coulthurst. dotxor in divinity, with the Governor of Nathaniel Waterho use's charity for the purchase of ground to erect a church or chapel. Power to fell or let pews and galleries and one fifth part of the church yard. Archbishop oft York to fix the fee for breaking the ground and for funerals, and to apportion the same between the minister of the chapel and the vicar of Halifax. Do6tor Coulthurst and his heirs to appoint a minister. The chapel to be deemed a benefice with cure of fouls, and to be named, 44 The Church or Chapel of the Holy and Undivided Trinity in Halifax." No burials within the church. Correct lifts of the burials to be delivered to the vicar of Halifax. Patronage to vest in doiftor Coulthurst, his heirs, Sec. for sixty years. Power for doeftor Coulthurst to serve the cure until he be reimbursed. Preserving his rights to the vicarage. Duty to be performed in the chapel, but no publication of banns, See. Provision for the minister of the chapel not less than one hundred pounds a year. Chapel to be kept in repair by owners and occupiers of pews, and money to be raised by an assessment on pew-owners. Minister of the chapel to appoint to the offices. Churchwarden's duty. Churchwarden' to deliver his accounts twice in the year. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. Right of the vicarage of Halifax not to be prejudiced.

CAP. LXXII.

An act for making a navigable cut from Stratford-upon-Avon canal, in the parish of Lapworth, into the Warwick and Birmingham canal, in the manor of Kingswood, in the county of Warwick.

[May 19, 1795.]

[Publick act.]

The company of proprietors of the Stratford-upon-Avon canal navigation to make the intended cut. Not to deviate more than one hundred yards from the line described in the plan. Proprietors restrained from making life of any water belonging to the Warwick and Birmingham canal company. Damage to Mr. Legge's lands to be ascertained by a land surveyor. Rates of tonnage upon the new cut. For all coal, coak, iron, ironstone, stone, and other goods (except lime and limestone) which have been navigated upon any part of the Warwick and Birmingham canal, between Birmingham and the place where the Warwick and Birmingham canal shall be joined by the intended cut, shall pass along the said cut into or upon the Stratford-upon-Avon canal, towards Stratford-upon-Avon; or having been navigated upon the Stratford-upon-Avon canal, between Stratford-upon-Avon and the end of the said cut, shall pass along the said cut into the Warwick and Birmingham canal, and along the same towards Birmingham, one shilling and three-pence per ton. For all other coal, coak, iron, ironstone, and other goods (except lime and limestone), four-pence per ton. For all lime and limestone, which having been navigated upon the Warwick and Birmingham canal, shall pass along the said cut into the Stratford-upon-Avon canal, one stuffing and two-pence per ton. For all other lime and limestone, three-pence per ton. And for all flag and other stone, sixpence per ton. Power to raise ten thousand pounds by mortgage. Company to be rated for lands and buildings in the same proportion as adjoining lands and buildings. Company to make satisfaction for tythes. Compensation rates to the Warwick and Birmingham canal company.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act for repealing several acts, made in the eighth, tenth, thirteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for regulating the nightly watch and beadles, and for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the parish of Saint Mary-le-bone in the county of Middlesex, and for the better relief and maintenance of the poor thereof, and for divers other purposes therein mentioned; and for making more effectual provision for those purposes.

[May 19, 1795.]

Acts

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 74, 75

Acts 8 Geo. 3. c. 46. — 10 Geo. 3. c. 23. — 13 Geo. 3. c. 48, and 15 Geo.

3. c. ar, repealed. Vestrymen appointed, who are to meet every Saturday.

For electing new vestrymen. Chairman to be appointed, who may examine persons on oath. Entries of proceedings good evidence. Actions to be in the name of the clerk. For appointing officers. Persons acting under the late acts to account. Vestrymen to appoint one churchwarden and fidefman. Duke of Portland to appoint one churchwarden and onefidef-man. Appointment of overseers. Vestrymen to choose and justices to swear constables. Vestrymen to appoint watchmen and beadles, and may build a watch-house. All contracts to be advertised, No contract to be made for more than three years. Part of Tyburn-road or Oxford-road or street which lies in the parishes of Saint George, Hanover-square, Saint James and Saint Anne, Westminster, subject to the jurisdiction of the vestrymen. The road from High-street and Tottenham-court-road to the turnpike at Tyburn to be under the jurisdiction of the vestrymen, and the trustees of the said road are to pay them annually five hundred pounds, to keep the same in repair. Pavements, &c. vested in vestrymen. Lamps to be set up. Vestrymen to pave, Scc. Stands of hackney coachmen, &c. to be regulated by the vestrymen. Names of streets to be fixed up and houses numbered. Footways to be swept once a day. Vestrymen may direct the streets to be cleansed and the duftmen to ring a bell. No allies,

See. to be taken away by any person but the contractor. Bog houses to be emptied between the hours of twelve at night and five in the morning. Inspectors of weights and measures to be appointed. Inspectors may weigh bread. Vestrymen to meet annually in February, and choose thirty inhabitants to be directors and guardians of the poor. Directors and guardians to divide themselves into fix committees, and establish a rule for attendance. Committees to meet weekly. Directors and guardians to hold four general quarterly meetings yearly, to pass accounts, Sec. Directors may examine persons on oath, appoint officers and a clergyman to instruct the poor. Directors and guardians may make bye laws. Overseers of the poor, constables, Sec. to aid, assist, and obey the directors.

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Five distinct rates or assessments to be made, viz. Poor's rate; highway rate, four-pence in the pound; watch rate, sixpence in the pound; paving rate, sixpence in the pound repairing, cleansing and lighting rate, one shilling and sixpence in the pound. Cavendiffi-square to pay an additional rate of two-pence in the pound. Rate for watering streets, twopence in the pound. Fifteen thousand pounds may be borrowed on the poor's rate, and ten thousand pounds on the paving rate. Old securities and bonds good. One penny halfpenny in the pound of the rates to he applied in discharge of the money borrowed. Appeal. Limitation of actions.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act for keeping in repair the footways in the High-street of the town of Kensington, in the county of Middlesex, ^nd for lighting and watching the said street, and also certain courts and alleys communicating therewith, and for removing and preventing encroachments, nuisances and annoyances therein.

[May 19, 1795.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Commissioners. For appointing officers. Vesting footways, Sec. in of Commissioners to repair the footways, &c. Inhabitants to sweep the footways every morning. Commissioners to ereeft lamps and appoint watchmen. Rates not to exceed one ffiilling and three-pence in the pound. Commissioners may borrow three hundred pounds. Twenty shillings penalty on wilfully breaking lamps. Encroachments to be removed. Appeal. Limitation of actions,

CAP. LXXV.

An act for paving the footways, and for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the streets, lanes, passages, and places, within the borough of Wallingford, in the county of Berks, and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, encroachments, and obstructions therein.

- *[May 19, 1795.] Commissioners.

266 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 76 — -79. [1795.

Commissioners, Commissioners may appoint officers, who are to give security. Rates not to exceed ohe shilling in the pound. Commissioners may borrow one thousand five hundred pounds. Lamps, pavements, &c. veiled in of Footpaths to be swept by the inhabitants. Signs, &c. to be regulated. Power to purchase buildings for the purpose of widening streets. Watchmen may be appointed. Appeal. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. Saving the rights of the corporation of Wallingford and others to prevent nuisances.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for the better paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving the streets, lanes, and other publick s, of the city of Aberdeen, and the roads and avenues within the royalty thereof; for the better supplying the inhabitants with fresh water; and for the removing and preventing all obstructions and annoyances within the said city and royalty.

[May 19, 1795.]

CAP. LXXVII.

An act for improving the drainage of the Middle and South Levels, part of the great level of the fens, called Bedford Level, and the low lands adjoining or near to the river Ouze, in the county of Norfolk, draining through the same to lea by the harbour of King's Lynn, in the said county; and for altering and improving the navigation of the said river Ouze, from or near a place called Eau Brink, in the parish of Wiggen-hall Saint Mary, in the said county, to the said harbour of King's Lynn; and for improving and preserving the navigation of the several rivers communicating with the said river Ouze.

[May 19, 1795 ]

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act for buliding a bridge over the river Severn, at Bewdley, in the county of Worcester, and for opening convenient avenues thereto.

[May 19, 1795.

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Commissioners. May appoint officers and give security. Commissioners to build a new bridge, Sec. Materials of the old bridge vested in the of A turnpike to be erected on the bridge, and the following tolls to be taken, and double on Sundays, except for foot paffiengers. Fora foot paffienger, one halfpenny. A coach, chaise, &c. drawn by fix horses, two shillings. Drawn by four horses, one shilling and sixpencev Drawn by two horses, one shilling. For a chaise, Sec, drawn by one horse, six-pence. For a waggon, cart. Sec. drawn by fix horses, one shilling. Drawn by four or five horses, eight-pence. Drawn by two or three horses, four-pence. Drawn by one horse, two-pence. For a fledge or dray without wheels drawn by three or more horses, three-pence. Drawn by two horses, two-pence. Drawn by one horse, three halfpence. For a horse laden or unladen and not drawing, one penny. Oxen, cows, &c, ten-pence a (core. Calyes, sheep, Sec, five-pence a score. Tolls paid but once a day. Tolls may be let. Commissioners may borrow money. Tolls on foot paffiengers to cease, when, the debt is reduced to two thousand pounds. Appeal. Limitation of actions.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act for amending an act passed in the twenty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for building a bridge over the river Thames, at the town of Henley-upon-Thames, in the county of Oxford, and making commodious avenues thereto; for widening some part of the high-street, and the market-place; for lighting and watching; for regulating the footways in, and removing nuisances, obstructions, and annoyances from, the said town, so far as the same relates to

widening

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 80. 267

widening some pail of the high-street and market-place; for lighting and watching; for regulating the footways in, and removing nuisances, obftvuctions, and annoyances from the said town.

[May 19,

1795.]

Commissioners for purchasing land for the fcite of the new market-house,

&c. Reservation to the lord of the manor for his rights. Appeal.

CAP. LXXX.

An act to make further 'provision respecting ships and effects come into this kingdom to take the benefit of his Majesty's orders in council of the sixteenth and twenty-first days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and to provide for the disposal of other ships and effects detained in, or brought into, the ports of this kingdom.

[May 22> 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an aSl, passed in the present session of parliament,

intituled An act for rendering effectual his Majesty's Geo. 3. c. order in council of the sixteenth and twenty-first days o {January 15. one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, respecting the admission of the effects mentioned in the said orders into the ports of this country to be warehoused; and for indemnifying all performs who have acted in consequence of such orders; it is, among/} other things, enabled, that it shall and may be lawful for any p erf on or peifins to import or bring into any of the ports of this kingdom. any goods, wares, or merchandize and effects whatsoever, belonging to any of the subjects of the U nited Provinces, or to any personss who, before the nineteenth day of January lafi, were inhabitants of the United Provinces, or belonging to any subject of his Majesty, or to any subject of any country in amity with his Majesty, coming from any part of the United Provinces, and also any like goods, wares, merchandize, and cffeSls, from any part of Europe, Asia, Africa, or America, in amity with his Majesty, in vessels belonging to any subject of the United Provinces, or to any personss who, before the nineteenth day of January lafi, were inhabitants of the said United Provinces^ or to any subject of his Majesty, or of any country in amity with his Majesty, and bound to any port of the United Provinces; and that the same shall and may be landed in the presence of the proper officers of the customs, andfecured in warehouses under the joint locks of his Majesty and of the proprietors thereof, at the risk and expence of the said proprietors, such warehouses to be approved by the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs, or any four or more of them, in that part Great Britain called England, and by the co?nmiffoners of his Majesty's customs in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or any three or more of them respectively, or by the principal officers of the port where such goods shall be imported; and the said of respectively are thereby authorised and required to make such regulations, and to give such directions as they might deem necessary for feeuring the said goods, wares, merchandize, and effects, for the benefit of the proprietors thereof, and for the security of the revenue, until further provisons should be made by parliament respecting the same: and whereas ships and vessels

have

goods duties to be paid on such goods for home constimption.

2-68 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 80. [1795.

have come or may hereafter come into the ports of this kingdom, to take the benefit of the said recited aff, or of the said orders in council, with goods, wares, merchandize, and cffcdts, which are now or may hereafter be secured in warehouses as before mentioned; and it is expedient that provision should be made to enable the proprietors of such ships cr vejfeh, 'goods, wares, merchandize, and effects, to fell, r*-export, or otherwise dispose of the same: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Proprietors of That it shall and may be lawful for every such proprietor or pro-brou °\gintc>S Pr; ietors3 importer or importers, or their respective agent or the kingdom agents, to enter all such ships and vessels, and also to enter all in confe- such goods, wares, merchandize, and effeefs, so imported and quence of re- warehoused, and to take the same out of such warehouse in order m^enter^0* eitiler to re-export the same, or to fell or make use thereof, upon their., and payment of the several and respective duties, and subject to the dispose of the conditions, rules, regulations, and restrictions, herein after mentioned.

JI. And be it further enacted, That upon all goods, wares, merchandize, and effects, imported or brought into this kingdom, to take the benefit of the said recited act, or of the said orders in council, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in ready money, without any discount or abatement whatever, upon taking the same out of warehouse for home consumption, the several duties herein after mentioned, and that the same shall be in lieu of any duties now, payable by law thereupon; (that is to say), For all naval and military stores, timber, and iron, so imported or brought into this kingdom, there shall be paid respectively the loweit custom duty that is now by law payable on naval and military stores, timber and iron respectively, when imported from the northern countries of Europe; for all tobacco unmanufactured there shall be paid the same duties of customs and excise as are payable for tobacco duly and regularly imported from the British plantations, or from the united states of America provided, that if the tobacco shall not be of the growth of the British plantations, or of the united states of America, the same shall, if taken out of the warehouse for home consumption, be chargeable and charged with the same duties as such tobacco would be liable to on importation from other countries, agreeable to an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, inti ruled, An act for repealing the duties on tobacco and fnuffi and for granting new duties in lieu thereof: and, in order to prevent frauds in the exportation of tobacco so warehoused, no )ort d exce t to^acco be ^TPec^ for exportation except in packages

L°packages of containing four hundred and fifty pounds weight nett in each 450 lb. package.

Ships arriving

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That with tobacco jf any ship or vessel, laden wholly or in part with tobacco, shall at a port not^arrived or shall arrive at any port of this kingdom, not being, enumerated according

Tobacco warehoused, not to be ex-

isted by

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 8o. 269

according to law, a port enumerated for the importation of to- for importa-bacco, such ship or vessel shall proceed to one of the enumerated cealfoone* ports where such tobacco may be legally imported and ware-housed. '

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Duty on ma-

all manufactured tobacco, except snuff, shall pay a further cuf- ^ufa<aureci, c r 5 g 7 r'to oacco,

tom duty or sixpence per pound.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on fnidF, snuff, if taken out of the warehouse for home consumption, shall be chargeable and charged with the same duties of customs and excise as on a legal importation; but that no duty shall be required on snuff, if the same be exported from the warehouse within the space of six months from the time the same shall be lodged therein.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

for all materials for manufacturees, so imported or brought into^ma^nufcu: this kingdom, there shall be paid the owe ft duties that are now by tures law payable on the importation of such materials for manufacturees respectively in Briti/fr-built ships.

VII. And be it further enacted, That for all sugar, coffee,

and cocoa nuts, so imported or brought, there shall be paid the neul'sc like duties as on foreign sugar, coffee, and cocoa nuts respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That for all wines and spirits and on wines so imported or brought into this kingdom, there shall be paid re- and spirits. spedlively the like duties of customs and excise to which the same may be liable by law on a legal importation.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, for all goods, wares, For goods,

and merchandize, so imported or brought into this kingdom, &c..of the being of the growth, produce, or manufacture of India or China,

or other parts within the limits of the exclusive trade of the £a^. india united company of merchants of England trading to the AV/company, the Indies, there shall be paid the like respective duties that are now like duties as payable for goods, wares, and merchandize, of the like forts im- ^omian^and ported into this kingdom by the said united company; and that th^ltke draw-on the exportation thereof respectively the same duties shall be backs to be paid, and the same drawbacks of duties and allowances shall be allowed, made, as the like forts of goods, wares, and merchandize, are subject or would be entitled to respectively on the exportation thereof, if the same had been imported by the said united company; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Goods deli-the several goods and merchandizes imported or brought into

this kingdom, to take the benefit of the said recited act or orders be entered in council, shall, on delivery out of any warehouse under the and liable to authority of this present act, either for consumption in this king- the laws of dom or for exportation, be first duly entered, and the same shall an

in all other respects be subject and liable to all and every the exci e* rules, regulations, and restrictions, as far as the same are appli-r cable and can be put in execution, to which such'goods and

merchandize

270 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 80.

[179^,

merchandize respectively, on a legal importation or exportation, would be subject and liable, under any laws or law now in force relating to the revenue of customs or excise, the same as if all the clauses, powers, directions, and authorities, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this, present act.

Articles of

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

private per- n0 duty whatever shall be chargeable or charged on the follow-tons not liable.r ° ,

to duty, on lno artlcles? belonging to private persons, so imported or brought

certain con- into this kingdom; (that is to say). Wearing apparel, jewels, ditions. watches, and trinkets, plate, pictures, prints, and drawings, framed or unframed, china, or earthen ware, glass, framed or unframed, books, household furniture, useful or ornamental, or household linen; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding: provided always, that it shall be proved to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the customs in that part of Great Britain called England, or any four or more of them, and of the commissioners of the customs in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or any three or more of them, that such wearing apparel, jewels, watches, and trinkets, plate, pictures, prints, and drawings, framed or unframed, china, or earthen ware, glass, framed or unframed, books, or household furniture, useful or ornamental, and household linen, have been imported for private use, and not to be sold by way of merchandize, and that the owners thereof reside or intend to reside in this kingdom, and that such household linen is not new.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, goods Except ^hat no goods, wares, merchandize, or effects, which by law are Specified ar- prohibited to be used or confirmed in this kingdom, other than ticks of pri- the articles herein specified belonging to private persons, shall be vate persons, delivered out of any warehouse in pursuance of this act, but for kvered ou^of exportation onty> nor for exportation, until security is given in warehouses such manner, and in such penalty, for the due exportation thereof butforexpor- as is now by law required on the exportation of such forts of tation, &c. goods from this kingdom.

Enumerated

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, warehoused That it shall and may be lawful to export, from any warehouse in fro^MI? which the same shall or may be so lodged, any of the goods, wares, merchandize, or effects, herein enumerated, except such as are hereby directed to be lodged in the warehouses of the East India company, without payment of any duty whatever; aK?artklesS anc^ t^lat art^c^es not herein enumerated, which may legally be imported into this kingdom, or which may not be absolutely but circumstantially prohibited, may in like manner be delivered by virtue of this act for exportation, without payment of any duty, or for use or consumption in this kingdom, for payment of such duties as are respectively due for the same on a legal importation into this kingdom, in British-bm\t ships.

XIV. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted, That No spirits to no spirits shall be so exported from any such warehouse, in any be exported in cask; or vesse]

which shall contain less than one hundred galions, calks containing less than or

dia warehouses, may be exported

not herein enumerated, and may be delivered for home consumption on payment of duty.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 80. 271

or.qn board any ship or vessel ofless burthen than one hundred ioo galions,

tons, nor unless all and singular the rules, regulations, refiric-

tions, and provisions, by law in force for the exportation of rum tonsJ

or spirits of the growth, production, or manufacture, of the British sugar plantations, from the warehouses in which the same shall have been lodged or deposited under and by virtue of tMe

laws now in force, shall have been fully"complied with, in respect of the exportation of spirits under or by virtue of this act;

and all and singular the said rules, regulations, restrictions, and

provisions, together with all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, for any breach thereof respectively, shall be used, applied, and put

in execution, on such exportation of spirits, under or by virtue of this act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That upon the due exporta- On exportation of any of the goods, wares, merchandize, and effects, before mentioned, which shall have paid any of the respective duties herein b^ho^ved imposed, there shall be allowed and paid the respective drawliacks

to which such goods, wares, merchandize, and effects, would be entitled if duly exported, after a regular importation, and under the like conditions, rules, regulations, reflriftjons, penalties, and forfeitures.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all goods and effects so warehoused shall and may be sold p°°ds ware-by auction, free of the duty imposed by law on goods and effects fre^of

sold by auction; provided nevertheless, that nothing in this act auction duty, contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to on account of authorise the sale of any such goods or effects Free of the said the onSmal duty, unless on the firstfale of such goods or effects, by or for the ov, rner* account of the original owner, by whom the same were so lodged in such warehouse, and unless such sale shall be made within twelve months next after the time when such goods or eifefts shall have been so lodged in such warehouse.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all monies arising Duties to be from duties imposed by this act shall be appropriated and applied

in such and the like manner, and to such and the like uses and [-jce^Qt-purposes, as the duties now payable bylaw on goods, wares, and goods are merchandize, of the like forts are directed by law to be appro- applicable, priated and applied.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the owner or Vessels owned

owners, proprietor or proprietors of any ship or vessel, which shall have brought or shall bring into this kingdom, any goods, wares, or merchandize, to be warehoused, to take the benefit of the said act, or the said orders in council, being a subject or subjects of the said United Provinces, or having been an inhabitant or inhabitants thereof before the nineteenth day of "January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, shall come into this kingdom with intent to reside herein, and shall go before foine justice of the peace, flieriffdepute or substitute, or the principal magistrate of some city or town of this kingdom, or before the principal officer of his Majesty's customs in some port of this kingdom, and shall take the oath of allegiance to his Majesty,

and

by inhabitants of the United Provinces before Jan. 19, 1795, who shall come to reside in the kingdom, or pure ha fed of them by Britt th subjects, may be registered for the European trade, on certain conditions, &c.

5l. ios. per cent, of the value of such vessels to be paid.

Oath to be taken by owners to be in the following form.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 80.

[179^.

and shall obtain a certificate of his having taken such oath, which oath and certificate such justice of the peace, sheriff depute or substitute, magistrate and officer respectively, are hereby authorised and required to administer and give, on payment of no greater fee than two shillings; or if any such ship or vessel shall be purchased and owned by any British subject or subjects, either wholly or jointly with any of the persons herein-before described, who shall have qualified themselves in manner herein-before mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, to order such ship or vessel lb owned to be registered, and to have a certificate of foreign ships registry for the European trade only; and every such ship or vessel may, during the time that the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, shall continue to have his or their residence in his Majesty's European dominions, be legally used and employed in the foreign European trade of this kingdom, and in no other, and such conditions shall be expressed in the certificate of registry of every such ship or vessel: provided always, that the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, shall prove in the manner directed in an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled, jin all for the further encrease and encouragement of shipping and navigation, by taking the oath hereunto annexed, instead of the oath required by the said act, that he or they is or are the foie owner or owners, or that he or they, and some other person or persons qualified in manner hereinbefore directed, or some British subject or subjects of this kingdom, are the iole owner or owners of such ship or vessel, and shall also conform to all the other regulations respecting registry contained in the said last mentioned act; provided always, that for all such ships and vessels, with their tackle, apparel, fails, and furniture, they shall be paid, for each and every one hundred pounds of their value, the sum of five pounds and ten shillings.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the oath before directed to be taken by the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of any such ship or vessel, shall be in the form and manner following, as far as the same is applicable to each or either of them:

/A.B. of [place of residence and occupation] do make oath, That the fiYip or vessel [name] of [port or place] whereof [master's name] is at present master, being [kind of built, burthen, &c. as described in the certificate of the surveying officer] was [when and where built, and when and where it came into this kingdom]; and that I the said A.B. [and the other owners names and occupations, if any, and where they respectively re-fide, viz, town, place, parish, and county, or if member of and resident in any fadlory in foreign parts, or in any foreign town or city, being an agent for or partner in any house or co-partnerffiip actually carrying on trade in Great Britain or Ireland, the name of such factory, foreign town, or city, and the names of u' such

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. g. 8o.

such house or copartnership] am [or are] foie owner or owners] of the said vessel, and that no other person or persons whatever hath or have any rights title, interest, Share, or property therein or thereto; and [if a British subject] that I the said A.B. [and the said other owners, if any] am [or are] truly and bona fide a subject or subjects] of Great Britain j and that I the said A.B. have not (nor have any of the other owners, to the best of my knowledge and belief) taken the oath of allegiance to any foreign fate whatever [except under the terms of some capitulation, describing the particulars thereof] or that fence my taking [or his or their taking] the oath of allegiance to [naming the foreign states respectively to which he or any of the said owners shall have taken the fame], and prior to the passing of an act in the twenty sixth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled An act for the further encrease and encouragement of shipping and navigation, I have [or he or they hath or have] become a subject [ovsubjects] of Great Britain [either by his Majesty's letters pattent as a denizen or denizens, or naturalized by act of parliament, as the case may be, naming the dates of the letters of denization, or the act or acts of parliament for naturalization respectively] or [as the case may be] I have [or he or they hath or have] become a denizen or denizens, or naturalized subject orsubjects, as the case may be] of Great Britain, by his Majesefs letters patent, or by an act of parliament passed fence the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six [naming the times when such letters of denization have been granted respectively, or the year or years in which such act or acts of naturalization have pafifed respectively]; or [if not a British subject] that I A.B. [and the other owner, if any] being a subject or subject s of the United Provinces [or having been an inhabitant or inhabitants thereof before the nineteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five] and now refedent in this kingdom [describing the particulars thereof, as to place and date] have [or, he or they hath or have] taken the oath of fidelity and allegiance to his majesty the King of Great Britain [describing the time when, the place where, and before whom taken]; and that no foreigner, not having complied with the conditions above-mentioned, directly or indirectly hath any Share, or pari or interest in the said ship or vessel.

XX. And whereas goods, wares, merchandize, and effects belonging to any of the subjects of the United Provinces, or to any persons who, before the nineteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, were inhabitants of the United Provinces, or belonging to any subject or subjects of his Majesty, may have been imported for security, and permitted to be warehoused in this kingdom previous to the said order in council, or may have been carried for security to Hamburgh, or to some other port tf/'Germany, or of the Baltic or east country; and the owner or owners, or proprietor or proprietors thereof, may be deferous to take the same out of such warehouse in this kingdom, or to bring the same, or parts thereof, into this kingdom be it enacted, That, within the space of six calendar months after the Wfthm

VM..XL. T ", Zhs*

174 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 80. [1795.

act, goods pasting of this act, it shall and may be lawful for every owner or ouTo^ware611 owners' Proprietor or proprietors, of such goods, wares, mer-houses orim- chandize, and effects, who have or shall come to reside in this' ported from kingdom, and shall take the oath of allegiance in manner herein-Hamburgh, before mentioned, to take the same out of such warehouse or warehouses, if the same shall have been warehoused, or to import the same from Hamburgh, or from any other port of Germany, or of the Baltic or east country respectively, in vessels belonging to any subject of the United Provinces, or to any persons who, before the nineteenth day of January last, were inhabitants of the said United Provinces, or to any subject of his Majesty, or of any country in amity with his Majesty, from whence the same shall be brought, an4 to lodge the same in warehouses, as directed by the said act, and to take the same out of such warehouses for home consumption, or for exportation, upon payment of the several and respective duties, and subject in either case to the conditions, rules, regulations, and restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, herein-mentioned; provided always, that it shall be proved by such owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the customs, or any four or more of them, in that part of Great Britain called England, and of the commissioners of the customs, or any three or more of them, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland respectively, and the said goods, wares, merchandizes, and effects so imported from Hamburgh, or from any other port of Germany, or of the Baltic or east country, were actually so carried from the said United Provinces to some of those places, and are the property of the persons herein qualified and authorised to import the same.

XXI. And whereas several ships and vessels belonging to the sub- jetls or inhabitants of the United Provinces, and also other ships and vessels, having on board goods, wares, merchandize, and effects^ belonging to suchjubjests, have been or may be hereafter detained in, or brought into the ports of this kingdom: and whereas such cargoes, and such flips and vessels, may perish or be greatly injured, if some pro-

His Majesty in vision is not made respecting the same: be it further enacted, That council may jt shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the advice mhhoners°to* of his privy council, from time to time to grant a commission or take the care commissions, under the great seal of Great Britain, to three or offhipsand more persons, authorising them to take such ships and cargoes cargoes which jnt; o their possession, and under their care, and to manage, fell, or eefor brought ot: herwife dispose of the same to the best advantage, according to into the king- such instructions as they shall from time to time receive from his Majesty, with the advice of his privy council; subject nevertheless, in respect of goods, wares, and merchandize hereby directed to be brought into the warehouses of the East India company, to the special provisions in this act contained.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful exceptashe^e ^or any Person to prosecute any claim, or maintain any suit or in provided1.*action respecting any such ship or cargo, except in the manner

herein specially provided,

dom.

Claims not to

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 80. 275

XXIII. And be it farther enabled, That in case any claim shall be made before the said of, of any such ship or veflei, au<j goods, or of any such goods, wares, merchandize, or effects, or of any before the part or parts thereof, as the property of the fabjedfs of his Ada- commi/Eon-jesty, or of any country in amity with his Majesty, and not of ers* the people of the said United Provinces, it shall and may be lawful for the said of, if they shall be satisfied of the justice of the said claim, with the licence of his Majesty's most honourable privy council, to order such ships or vessels, or such goods, wares, merchandize, or effects, or any part or parts thereof, to be forthwith released, upon such terms and conditions as shall appear to them to be equitable, and which shall be agreed upon between them and the respective parties, or to remit such claim to the judge of the high court of admiralty, who shall decree restitution to such claimant as shall appear to be entitled thereto, and shall decide all questions of freight, average, and other charges to which the property claimed shall be legally subject or entitled; and the said judge shall direct payment of all such freight, average, and other charges, to be made to the registrar of the said court of admiralty, which registrar shall receive the same, and within twenty days after his receipt thereof pay it over to the said of, or to any agent appointed by them for that purpose, without any fee, poundage, charge, or dedudfion whatever: and in cases where the property of the people of the said United States shall appear to be subject to charges of the like nature, due and owing to the subjects of his Majesty, or of any country in amity with his Majesty, whose property has been restored, with such legal charges attendant thereon, by the decree of the court of admiralty, the said of shall, on receiving from the registrar of the said court a copy of the said decree, with the amount of the said charges, forthwith pay, or cause to be paid, the said amount to the parties entitled thereto.

XXLV. And be it further enacted, That if any claim of any Fof settling such ship or veflei, or of any such goods, wares, merchandize, or i^tl^ effects, or of any part or parts thereof, as the property of the court Gf subjects of his Majesty, or of any country in amity with his Ma- mirajty. jesty, and not of the people of the said United Provinces, shall be made in the said high court of admiralty, the said claim not having been made before the said of, it shall and may be lawful to the said judge, and he is hereby directed also to proceed on the said claims, and direct restitution and payments of freight, averages, and other charges to be made, in like manner as if the said claim had in pursuance of this act been remitted to him by the said of.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any such ship, vessel, or any such goods, wares, merchandize, or eftedls, or any part or parts thereof, shall be claimed as the property of the sub- claimed as the jedts of his Majesty, or of any country in amity with his Majesty, property of as herein-before mentioned, the said of shall forbear proceeding to a sale of such ships, vessels, goods, wares, mer- claims be de-chandize, or effedfs, or such part or parts thereof, until such cided.

X % claim

Vessels and

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 80. [1795.

claim shall be decided, unless they shall receive directions from the said court of admiralty to proceed therein.

XXVI. And be further enacted, That if any of the said t ^Ps or ve^s^ goods, wares, merchandize, or effects, shall be

and entitled to unc^er the authority aforesaid, they shall be respectively liable

drawback, to the duties, and entitled to the drawbacks, and subject to the conditions, rules, regulations, and restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, before mentioned; and the said of shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to cause the duties, and the expences of the sale, in the first place, to be paid out of Proceedstobe the proceeds of such sale; and after such payment shall (except bankint°*n ca*es w^ere lt iS otherwise provided by this act) cause the proceeds of such sale to be paid into the bank of England, there to remain, subject to such orders as his Majesty, with the advice of his privy council, may from time to time think fit to give thereupon; or in case such proceeds shall arise from a sale made under the directions of the high court of admiralty, as herein-before provided, then subject to such orders as the said court shall make concerning the same, or such part thereof, for which a claim shall have been made and adjudged by the said court.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all goods, wares, and merchandize, of the growth, product, or manufacture of India or China, or other parts within the limits of the exclusive trade of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, so imported or brought into this kingdom, or detained in the ports thereof as aforesaid, shall be brought into the port of London, and lodged and secured in the warehouses of the said united company, under the order of the directors of the said united company; and the said goods, wares, and merchandize, so lodged and secured, being duly entered, shall from time to time, upon requisition made for that purpose by the proprietors or owners thereof, or by the of to be appointed by virtue of this act, respectively be exposed to sale, and sold at the publick sales of the said company, by order of the court of directors of the said company for the time being, either for home consumption, or for exportation to some of his Majesty's European dominions, or for the purpose of exporting the same to any country not being a part of his Majesty's European dominions, as shall be expressed and specified in any such requisition respectively, under and subject to such rules, regulations, conditions, and restrictions, as the goods, wares, or merchandize of the like forts, imported by the said united company, may by law be sold, and to such other rules and regulations, and to such agreements, as may be made by the proprietors or owners thereof, or by the said of respectively, and the said court of directors.

XXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to preclude the said united company from becoming the purchasers of any of the said goods, wares, or merchandize, or to hinder the said owners or proprietors, or the said of, to be appointed by the authority of this act respectively, from contracting with the said

united

Regulations respecting goods, &c.

of the limits of the trade of the East India company:

the company may purchase such goods;

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. So. 277

united company for the sale to them of any of such goods, wares, or merchandize; but it shall and may be lawful for the said united company to purchase the same of and from the said owners and proprietors, or the said of respectively, and for the said owners and proprietors, and of, to sell the same to the said united company; any thing herein, or in any other aor acts, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That on all goods, wares, and shall be or merchandize, so imported or brought into this kingdom, or c^t^n detained in the ports thereof, and sold at the publick Tales of the as are*1 said united company, the said company shall be entitled to receive, sold at their and shall be paid, out of the proceeds of the Tales thereof, for and Tales.

in respect of the landing, cartage, warehousing, charges of sale, and other charges thereon, an allowance, not exceeding the rate of five pounds per centum on the gross sale amount thereof ieve- rally and respectively.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if the of!^r| tQS* to be appointed by virtue of this a£T shall make any requisition for ^on-for the sale of any of the goods, wares, or merchandize, deposited fumption in in the warehouses of the said united company as aforesaid, for his Majesty's consumption within any of his Majesty's European dominions, it European do-shall and maybe lawful for the said of to contract father al-with the said directors for a further allowance out of the proceeds lowance to be of the sales thereof, by way of compensation in respectl thereof; madethecom-and if the said of, or if any of the said owners or proprietors, making any the like requisition for the sale of any of to^ellThera, the said goods, wares, or merchandize for consumption as afore- &c.

said, shall decline to agree with the said diredfors for the making of such further allowance as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said directors to forbear to fell the goods, wares, or merchandize in any such requisition expressed or specified, unless for exportation to so me place or places not being within any of his Majesty's European dominions; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared,

That nothing contained in this aeft shall be construed to compel

the court of directors of the said united company to expose to expoie to sale sale for home consumption any tea which, according to the prac- for home con-tice that hath of late times obtained in the Tales of the company's fumption, unown tea, would not have been deemed fit and proper to be sold^tca* by them for home consumption; but that in respect to all such tea as on an examination thereof shall appear to the said directors, either on account of any damage it may have received, or by reason of its condition or quality, to be unfit for sale for home consumption, or as on the shew or publick exhibition thereof shall or may be objected to by brokers or dealers in tea, as being unfit for sale for home consumption, the said directors shall, and they are hereby required to forbear to expose any of such tea to sale*for home consumption, or for any other purpose than for exportation only to some country or place not being within his Ma-

t 3 jetty's

27S Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 80. [1795.

Accounts of proceeds of sale to be settled*

Proceeds of goods purchased by the company, or sold at their Tales at the owners request, to be accounted for to them; and of goods sold to them by the corn-million ers, or at their request, to be carried to account, with 4l. per cent, interest, &c.

Commissioners of customs and excise may direct the delivery of goods out of theeompany's Av-irehouses for exportation to places without his Majesty's European dominions.

jefby's European dominions; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That, from time to time* when and as often as the proceeds of each respective sale shall have been paid into the treasury of the said united company* the said directors shall cause a perfect account of the particulars of such sale to be delivered to the said owners and proprietors, or to the said of respectively; which said owners and proprietors, or of, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required respectively, to adjust and settle every such account with the proper officer or officers of the said company, and the same, being so settled and adjusted, to allow thereof by signing or attesting the same, and that such allowance shall be valid and effectual in law.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the net proceeds of all such of the said goods, wares, and merchandizes, as shall be purchased by the said company of and from the said owners and proprietors, or which, on the requisition of the said owners and proprietors, shall be sold at the publick sales of the said company, shall (after deducting the rates and allowances authorised by this act) be accounted for and paid by the said company to the said owners and proprietors Entitled thereto respectively; and that the net proceeds of all such of the said goods, wares, and merchandize, as shall be sold to the said company by the of to be appointed by virtue of this act, or which shall be sold at the said publick sales, on the requisition of the said of, shall (after deducing the rates and allowances authorised by this act as aforesaid) be carried to an account to be raised in the books of the said united company, and placed to the credit of the said of, and shall afterwards be subject to be issued, and shall be paid by the said company, pursuant to such orders as his Majesty, with the advice of his privy council, may from time to time think fit to give therein, together with interest for the same, after the rate of four pounds centuni per annum, until the payment thereof, such interest (as to the goods sold at the publick sales of the said company) to be computed from the time when full payment of the proceeds of each respective sale shall have been made, and in respect to such goods, wares, or merchandize, as shall be purchased by the said company, from the time to be fti-pulated for that purpose by and between the said of and the directors of the said company.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs and excise in England for the time being, from time to time, upon requisition to them made by the said owners or proprietors, or by the of to be appointed by virtue of -> this act, severally and respectively to direct the delivery out of the warehouses of the said united company of any goods, wares, or merchandize deposited therein by virtue of this act, previous to any sale made thereof, in order to the exportation of the same to some place or places, not being a part of his Majesty's European

dominions

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. So. 279

dominions; and that such goods, wares, or merchandize, shall

accordingly be delivered out to be exported to such place or places,

not being a part of his Majesty's European dominions, pursuant to the direction of the said of of customs, under

such or the like securities as are by law required to be given for the exportation of goods entitled to a drawback, and on payment

being Arft made to the said united company of the charges which shall have been incurred by them in respect! thereof, together with

a reasonable satisfacflion for the use of their warehouses, and that the unrated or ad valorem duties chargeable on the said goods,

wares, and merchandize, shall in every such case be ascertained to

the satisfaction of the commissioners of the customs, upon a fair

estimate to be made of the true and real value thereof,

XXXV. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Parts of several clauses and enactments contained in an act of the thirty- 33 Geo. z* third year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for continuing in g^tendto this the East India company for a further ter?n the p offession of the British territories in India, together with their exclusive trade, under certain limitations; for establishing further regulations for the government of the said territories, and the better administration of justice within the same; for appropriating to certain uses the revenues and profits of the said company; and for making provision for the good order and government of the towns ^Calcutta, Madras, a?td Bombay; so far as the same provide for exepmting the said united company from the claims of individuals in respect to any embezzlement, waste, loss, or damages of goods, wares, or merchandize therein specified; or as direct that the deeds of covenant, engagements, or securities, given to the said united company by their officers and servants, for the safe custody of the goods, wares, and merchandize, of the said company, shall extend to the custody and care of goods, wares, and merchandize, of individuals; or as render any such officers or servants liable to costs and damages at law for embezzlement, waste, Losses, or damages, therein also specified, shall be, and are, by force and virtue of this act, extended, and shall be construed to extend, to all goods, wares, and merchandize, which, by this act, are placed in the pofsection, care or custody, of the said united company, or the directors of the said company, their officers or servants respectively, for the better protecting the same from spoil, embezzlement, or loss.

XXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That if any goods, wares, or merchandize, of the Goods unlaw* growth, production, or manufacture of India or China, or other fully landed parts within the limits of the exclusive trade of the said united may be seized, company, imported or brought into this kingdom, or detained in the ports thereof as aforesaid, except such articles of wearing apparel, jewels, watches, trinkets, plate, pictures, prints, drawings, china, or earthen ware, glass framed or unframed, books, furniture, or linen, which shall be permitted to be imported for private use, without the payment of duties, according to the provisions of this act, shall be landed or unshipped, or taken from on board of any ship or vesselj otherwise than for the express purpose of

t 4 bringing

280 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 80.

[179^.

bringing the same into the warehouses of the said united company, according to the provisions in this act contained, the good, wares, and merchandize, which shall be so landed, unshipped, or taken from on board of any such ship or vessel, and which shall not be duly brought and deposited in the said warehouses, according to the directions of this act, and the true intent and meaning thereof, shall be deemed to have been illicitly imported, and shall and Persons un- may be seized, and shall be forfeited; and that all and every per-lawfully land- son and persons who shall have so unshipped or landed the same, li^fe°to S#&C* or ^ave a<^ec^ therein, or procured the same to be so done,

nalty. ° and persons in whose custody any of such goods, wares, of

merchandize, so unlawfully landed or unshipped, shall be found, shall be deemed and accounted to have unlawfully traded and trafficked therein, and shall be subject and liable to such several pains, penalties, and forfeitures, for unlawfully trading and traf* ficking to the East Indies, or other parts Within the limits of the exclusive trade of the said united company, as are in that behalf provided or imposed by the aforesaid act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty as aforesaid, or in any other act or acts in force for protecting and preserving to the said united company the benefits of their said exclusive trade; and that all penalties and forfeitures to be incurred as aforesaid shall Recovery and and may be sued for, recovered, and applied, in the same or the

application of ]j]ce manner respectively as by the said act of the thirty-third year Densities

*'of his Majesty's reign, or by any other act or acts in force as

aforesaid, is or are directed in respect of any seizures, penalties, or forfeitures, to be made or incurred for any unlawfully trading or trafficking within the said parts or limits, contrary to the provisions thereof respectively.

Vessels detain*

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any ship or ed, or brought vessel so detained in, or brought into, this kingdom as aforesaid, into the king- shall be wholly owned by any of the subjects or inhabitants of the r°1ftee^for United Provinces as before described, who shall have qualified the European themselves in manner herein-before mentioned, or by any sub-£rade. jest or subjects of his Majesty, either wholly or jointly with any

of the said persons, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, to order any such ship or vessel to be registered in the manner herein-before mentioned, and to have a certificate of foreign ship's registry for the European trade only, and to enjoy the privileges thereof in the same manner, and subject to the same conditions, rules, and regulations, and duties, as are herein-before mentioned respecting the registry of such ships and vessels belonging to subjects of the United Provinces.y or to persons having been inhabitants thereof before the nineteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as shall have come into the ports of this kingdom to take the benefit of the act, or of the ordfers in counoil herein-, before mentioned.

XXXVIII. And whereas^ for the p^efervation of certain cargoes, cr parts of cargoes, which were of a perijhable nature on board certain fdps or vessels brought into unci detained in the ports of his fla-

j0f

4

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 281

jesty s dominions, the same have under the special circumstances of the case, been ordered to be sold; be it enacted, That the com mifii- Proceeds of oners to be appointed in manner herein-before directed shall and cargoes of a may give the same directions respeting the proceeds of such sale, which*" and such proceeds shall be subject to the same order, and be liable have'beenfold, to the same claims, as if such of had taken such car- to be subject goes into their possession, and had caused sale thereof to be made to lhe orcler in pursuance of the authority given to them by this act; and that ^issioner it shall not b2 lawful for any person to prosecute any claim, or maintain any suit or ation respeting any such cargoes, or parts of cargoes, or the proceeds thereof, except in the manner herein specially provided.

XXXIX. And whereas certain ships and vessels have, by special orders in council, been permitted, 'at the request of the owners or proprietors thereof under the special circumstances of the case, to take the benefit of the said recited act, and of the said orders in council of the sixteenth and twenty-first days of January last, upon declaration of such ships or vefels having been bound to some of the ports of the said United Provinces, though fuss dent proof could not be made thereof: and whereas it is expedient that such ships and vessels, with their cargoes, should be exempted from allforfeitures, and all persons who have acted or shall act, in bringing in the fa?ne, or who have acted or who shall act in pursuance of or according to such special orders, ought to be indemnified in the same manner as if such ships and vessels, with their cargoes, had been entitled to take the benefit of the said orders in council of the sixteenth and twentyfirfi days of January last, and in the same manner as persons acting in pursuance of or according to the said last mentioned orders, have been exempted from forfeiture, and indemnified by the said recited act: and whereas it is probable that the owners of other such ships and vessels may request, under the special circumstances of the case, to have the like permission: be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, at any time before the Within fix expiration of six calendar months after the passing of this act, to months after permit, by order in council, such ships or vessels, under such ^car

special circumstances, to take the benefit of the said recited at, goes of'^jpg and of the said orders in council of the sixteenth and twenty-first permitted, by days of January last; and all goods, wares, merchandize, and special order efrets, brought in the same, shall be exempted from all Forfeitures, and all persons who have ated, or shall at in bringing in the fit>ofrecited same, or who have ated or who shall at in pursuance or accord- act, Scc. ex-ing to any such special order in council, shall be indemnified, and empted from shall be released and discharged in the same manner as is provid- forfeiture, ed in the said recited at, respeting ships and vessels, and goods, wares, merchandize, and effets, brought in ships or vessels entitled to the benefit of the said orders in council of the sixteenth and twenty-first days of January last j and that all such ships and vessels, and all goods, wares, merchandize, and effets, brought in the same, shall be admitted to the same privileges and advantages, as to importation, warehousirjg, or exportation, and shall be liable to the payment of the same duties, and be entitled to the same drawbacks^ and shall fc>€ subject to the same conditions,

rules.

zSz Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 8r.

[1795.

rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, as are herein provided respecting ships and vessels, and goods, wares, merchandize, and effects, tha^ have come into the ports of this kingdom to take the benefit of the said recited act, or of the said orders in council of the sixteenth and twenty-first days of "January last.

CAP. LXXXI.

An act to apportion the reliefs by the several statutes now in force directied to be given to the families of non-commissioned officers, drummers, fifers, and privates, serving in the militia, between the county at large and the peculiar difirifts therein not contributing to the county rate, according to the number of men serving for each in such militia; and to remove certain difficulties in respect to the relief of families of substitutes, hired men, or volunteers, serving in the militia.

[May 22, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, in a?id by several acts of parliament, relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, provision is made for the relief of the families of militia men chosen by lot, and of serjeants, corporals, drummers, and fifers, serving in the militia, in the cases in the said acts mentioned: and whereas there are within this kingdom divers cities, boroughs, towns, and places, being counties of themselves, and other cities, boroughs, towns, and places, which are entirely independent of the rate called The County Rate raised and assessed in and for the county at large, of which such city, borough, town, and place, is and are respectively deemed within and made part, for the purposes of the militia laws: and whereas such counties at large, and such cities, boroughs, towns, a?id places, ought respectively to contribute to such relief of the families of such militia men chosen by lot, according to the locality of the parish for which such militia man shall serve, and of such serjeants, corporals, drummers, and fifers, under the said acts, proportionably, according to the number of men respectively raised in each of them j and no provision is made in the said acts for that purpose: therefore be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in all cases where in and by the said acts now in force, or any of them, tobe'boTne b a certa*n num1°er of militia men are directed to be raised for any the country at county, together with or including any city, borough, town, or large, or the place, being a county or district of itself, not contributing to the respective said general county rate, the several sums of money already raised places, not and paid}

or hereafter to be raised and paid, under the said acts of £0 the county parliament, to and for the relief of the families of such militia'men chosen by lot, shall be paid and borne, out of the said several

rates, by the treasurer of the county at large, or such city, borough, town, or place respectively, for which the said militia man whose family may want relief shall serve.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several sums of money commissioned raised and, paid under the said acts to 3tnd for the relief of the families

Relief to the families of militia men

rate for which the men serve;

and to famU lies of non-

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 8i# 283

milies of such serjeants, corporals, drummers, and fifers respect officers, he. tively, shall be divided and apportioned between and borne by \? be appor-such county, and such city, borough, town, or place, being a in^ to the county or distridf of itself, or not contributing to the said general numbers of county rate, in such proportions as the respective numbers of mi- men to be litiamen apportioned to be raised in and by such county, and by such city, borough, town, and place, respectively bear to such^ce. other.

III. And be it further enacted, That the treasurer of such Treasurers to county and such city, borough, town, and place respectively, are demand and hereby authorised and required to demand, receive, and make, tions^accord-payment of such proportions and furns of money of the treasurer ingto33 Geo. of such other county, city, borough, town, and place respectively, 3. c. 8. the one to the other of them, as the case may require, in like manner as in and by a certain act of parliament, made and passed in the thirty-third year of his present Majesty's regin, intituled*

An act to provide for the families of person s chosen by lot to serve in the militia of this kingdom, and of substitutes serving the rein; and to explain and amend an act of parliament, passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty, intituled, 'An act for, amending., and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, 5 is directed and required, in case of payment to the families of militia men chosen by lot, serjeants, corporals, drummers, and fifers, serving in the militia of any county, riding, city, town, liberty, division, or place, other than the county, riding, city, town, liberty, division, or place, where such family shall dwell.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Disputestobe

if any dispute or disagreement shall arise as to the proportion so ^ute-

to be paid as aforesaid, or any other matter or thing relating nant) or three jthereto, or to the payments under the said acts, or this act, the deputy lieu-lord lieutenant of the said county at large, and in his absence the tenants* deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, at any meeting

called or to be called under the militia laws, or any of them, shall and may, and he and they is and are hereby empowered aru} required to adjust and settle the same, whose decision therein shall be final; and the said lord lieutenant and deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, is and are respectively hereby authorised and empowered to call for, require, and inspect, the account and accounts of every such treasurer and treasurers respectively, for the purpose of adjusting and settling the said proportion.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Tn places not

in all cities, towns, liberties, divisions, and places, which do contributing not contribute to the said general county rates, and where no to the county treasurer is yet appointed, the justices of the peace far every such treasurer city, town, liberty^ division, and place, in ^afe there -are any, appointed, the and if hot, then the justices of thp county wherein such city, justices may town, liberty, division, and place, shall be, shall and may, and appoint one, they are hereby required, at their general quarter sessions, to f^p^nts6 &c0 appoint a treasurer $ and shall, from time' to fime^ assess upon*°

every

284 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 81. [1795.

every parish, tything, township, hafalet, and vill, within the liberties of such cities, towns, liberties, divisions, and places, in such proportions as the rates heretofore made for the relief of the poor have usually been assessed, and shall cause to be paid, out of the money collected and levied for the relief of the poor of every such parish, tything, township, hamlet, and vill, into the hands of such treasurer, such sum and sums of money as are, shall, and may be in their discretion, necessary for the purposes of this act; and such treasurer shall pay and dispose of the same accordingly, and shall be and act in all respect§, in respect to the provisions of this act, the same as the treasurer or treasurers of pecu- Jiar districts where a publick stock is now raised.

VI. And whereas doubts and difficulties have arisen as to the extent of the power of justices of the peace to make orders for the relief of the

families of substitutes, hired men, or volunteers; be it enacted by Justices may the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this order relief to act, it shall and may be lawful for justices of the peace to make substkutesS or<^ers ^or t^ie re^ef t^ie families of substitutes, hired men, or hired men and volunteers, serving in the militia, when embodied and called out volunteers. into actual service, and ordered to march, becoming chargeable to the parishes, townships, or places, where such families shall dwell, out of the poor rates of such parish, township, or place, not exceeding such sum or sums, as by the said acts are directed and authorised with regard to the families of men chosen by lot, and of serjeants, corporals, drummers, and fifers.

VII. And whereas doubts have arisen as to the power of the justices at the general quarter sessions, to make and enforce orders on overseers of the poor of the parish, township, or place, for which substitutes serve, fer repaying the money to the treasurer of the county, ridings or place who shall advance and pay the same, in pursuance of the said act, to the treasurer of the county, riding or place, where the family of such substitute diyells, unless the relief was afforded under orders previously made by a justice of the peace, and accounts of such payments transmiiied from time to time, quarterly, by the treasurer of the county, riding, or place where the families of such substitutes reside and dwell, to the treasurer of the county, riding, or place, for which the substitutes serve \ and such orders have been frequently made after the relief afforded, and the parish officers have not applied for or been repaid the same quarterly; be it further enacted by the authority

Quarter fef- aforesaid, That the justices of the peace of any county, riding, or

fions to allow place, to the treasurer whereof any certificates of orders and ac-

made^the counts monies paid for the relief of the families of any substi-

families of tutes not ^ave ^een transmitted by the treasurer of any other

substitutes, county, riding, or place, in the manner and within the time

though ac- directed by the said act, shall, and they are hereby required* at

counts have their next or any subsequent general quarter sessions to be held

not been tran- r -^, r v

smitted quar- a^ter t"e Pamng of this act, to enquire into and examine any such

terly, &c. account, and to allow all such payments as shall have been adtu-

ally made, whether the orders for the relief were made before or

after the relief afforded, and although the accounts thereof shall not have been transmitted quarterly, and forthwith to make

orders

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 82, 83. 285

orders for the overseers-of the poor of the parish, township, or place, for which the substitutes shall serve, to pay the same to the treasurer of the county, riding, or place, in which such parish, township, or place, shall be situated, out of the poor rates of such parish, township, or place, within fourteen days next after such allowance of any such account, which treasurer shall, and he is hereby required, to pay or remit the amount of such account within fourteen days next after the receipt thereof.

VIII. And whereas the collecting and receiving such fu-ms of money four times in the year from a great number of parishes is and will be attended with very considerable trouble and expence; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Treasurersre. passing of this act, the treasurer of the county, riding, or place, paying over* who shall repay to any overseer of the poor of the parish, town- relief ship, or place, where such families shall dwell, shall transmit a given to such certificate of the order of the justice allowing such relief (whe- families, to ther made before or after such relief being afforded), and also an transmit the account of monies so repaid by him, from time to time, either yearly at the Eafer sessions, or quarterly, (as required by the said account, to aeft), to the justices of the peace of the county, riding, or place, the justices of in the militia whereof such substitutes shall serve, which accounts the place for so received shall be allowed by the justices at such sections, who ^tes\crv<f*- shall forthwith make an order for the overseers of the poor of the who shall or-parish, township, or place, for which such substitutes shall fprve, der payment to pay the same to the treasurer of such county, riding, or place, outofthepoor out of the poor rates of such parish, township, or place, within rates* twenty-one days next after such sessions shall be held as aforesaid, which treasurer shall, and he is hereby required to remit or pay the amount of such account, within fourteen days after the receipt thereof, to the treasurer of the county, riding or place, transmitting such certificate and account as aforesaid.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act for enclosing, dividing, allotting, draining, embanking, and improving the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, commons, wastes, and other uninclosed grounds, within the township of Gainsburgh, in the parish of Gainsburgh, in the county of Lincoln; and also for making a compensation for the tythes arising within the said township, and within the lordship of Thonock, in the said parish.

[May 32, 1795.]

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act for augmenting the royal corps of artillery, and providing sea-faring men for the service of the navy % out of the private men noiu serving in the militia \ and to amend an act-y pcijfed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present A'lajessy, intituled An act for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England.

[June 2, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS in the present conjuncture it is' expedient to aug.- merit the royal corps of aitillery, and also to transfer to the service of the royal navy such fe afar ing men as are now serving in the

militia

Colonels to discharge militia men trained for the artillery, who

tillery.

4-86 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 83. [1795.

militia forces of this kingdom: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for every colonel or commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, of any county, riding, or place, and he is hereby required and directed to discharge any shall desire it, number of private men, who have been or may be trained as

lHUif th ^r11* art^ery nien> if any such there be in such regiment, battalion, or 1 in e ar- corpS Of miiftia^ not exceeding one out of every fifty private men of the whole effective establishment of such regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, who shall respectively, from and after the passing of this act, desire such discharge for the purpose of enlifU ing themselves in the royal corps of artillery; and every such private man so enlisting shall be entitled to his discharge from such regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, and on receiving such discharge shall and may be enrolled in the said corps of artillery, and shall have and be entitled to the like allowance of subsistence, pay, and cloathing, and shall serve therein, subject to, and upder the like laws, rules, and regulations, as the rest of the said corps of artillery; any law or statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding,

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful may dire# the for his Majesty also from time to time to authorise and direct the discharge of colonel or commanding officer of every such regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, from time to time, to discharge every private man serving in such regiment, battalion, or corps, who shall desire his discharge for the purpose of entering into the navy of haveferved in ^reat ^r^iny and shall have agreed to enter into such service, the navy.*an(f w shall, to the fati-sfaction of his colonel or commanding officer, prove that he has actually and fora side served, at least, three years atfea; and every such private man, on due proof and examination on his oath, before any justice of the peace of the county or place where such regiment, battalion, or corps shall be quartered or placed, (which oath every such justice is hereby authorised and required to administer), as well as in regard to the time of his service at sea, as to other' circumstances necessary to satisfy such colonel or commanding officer of the fast of such service, shall be entitled to his discharge in the manner herein after mentioned, and thereupon shall and may be examined by such officer or officers as shall be appointed for this service, and if approved of by him or them shall be delivered over to such officer or officers, and enrolled in his Majesty's naval service, subject to and under the like terms, conditions, rules, regulations, and provisions (except as herein is otherwise provided) as are made and provided for raising men for the service of the navy, by an act, pasted in this present session of parliament, intituled An did for raising a certain number of men, in the several counties in 'England, for the service of his Majestfs navy; all which terms, conditions, rules, regulations, and provisions in the said act contained,

His Majesty

private men from the militia who are desirous to serve, and

Not more than a certainnum-

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 83. 287

tained, shall (as far as the same are applicable) be extended, applied, and put in force for accepting, approving, receiving, enrolling, detaining, and conveying such private men, who shall be discharged from the militia by virtue of this act, as fully and amply as the same are or may be applied in respect of the men enrolled under the act before mentioned; and all such men so Time for discharged as aforesaid, on their so engaging to serve in the navy,

shall be liable to serve therein during the continuance of the pre- j|^je to serve

sent war, and for the space of three calendar months after the end in the navy.

of the war, if the ship on board which such persons shall serve

shall be in any of the ports of Great Britain, or otherwise for the

space of three calendar months next after the arrival of such ship

in such port.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the colonel or commanding officer of any

1'.. n*J a u

regiment, battalion, or corps or militia, mail not at any one time ber of men to discharge, or cause to be or have discharged, in pursuance of this be discharged aft, from the said service in the militia into the said corps of artil- at on- time: lery, and into the navy, more in number than one inten of all the private men then enrolled in his said regiment, battalion, or independent company, unless or until other men, according to the directions of this act, in the proportions herein after specified, shall be raised and enrolled in the room of the private men before discharged; and that whenever such colonel orcommanding officer when the pro shall have discharged from his regiment, battalion, or independent company, such proportion of one inten of men enrolled as certificates of aforesaid, he is hereby required to cause certificates of the num- the number to ber of men so discharged, who shall respectively have been en- be transmitted lifted or entered in either of the said services of the artillery and ^nceandad navy, signed by the adjutant of such regiment, battalion, or ^JaftyT*independent company, to be transmitted to the officers of the ordnance and admiralty respectively; and every such certificate shall contain the names of the men so discharged, and of the officer or officers of the artillery or navy to whom they shall respectively have been delivered.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Men may be his Majesty's lieutenant and deputy lieutenants respectively of the raised by beat county, riding, or place to which the regiment, battalion, or rom^of those independent company, from which such private men shall be f0 discharged, discharged, doth belong, and also the colonel or commanding officer of such regiment, battalion, or independent company, and every other commissioned officer, duly authorised by the commanding officer, of such regiment, battalion, or independent company, shall be, and each of them is hereby empowered, by beat of drum, or otherwise, to raise volunteers from time to time, to be inrolled as private men in such regiment, battalion, or independent company, in the room of such private men as shall, from time to time, have been discharged in pursuance of this act; and that the colonel or commanding officer, whenever the num- and when they ber of private men so discharged shall be replaced by new recruits, ^fom^obe shall, and he is hereby required to certify the same, by writing Cenifi^\o°the

under secretary at

288 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 83. [1795.

war, and after under his hand, to thefecretary at war to be laid before his Ma« 5 an<^ lt an<^ may for colonel or commen may be& rnanding officer thereupon, and upon receiving the directions of made, &c. his Majesty for that purpose, to proceed to discharge such further number of private men as shall delire their discharge, in the manner and for the purpose herein-before directed, so as not to exceed the proportion aforesaid, and which men, so discharged, shall and may, from time to time, be replaced in the manner before directed; and so the said colonel or commanding officer shall continue from time to time to discharge all such private men as shall be desirous of their discharge, until the proportion of men herein-before specified shall-have been supplied for the royal corps of artillery aforesaid, and also until all the seamen or seafaring men desirous of entering into the navy, shall have been dif-Men entering charged for that purpose in the manner before mentioned; and ler° or^av " Pr^vate rnen f° discharged, and entering into the corps of entitled to' artillery or navy, shall be entitled to the usual allowance of

bounty. bounty paid to men entering in the corps of artillery and navy

respectively.

Volunteers in v. And be it further enacted, That all volunteers who shall

discharged ra^e^ and enrolled as private men in such regiment, battalion,

entitled to& or independent company, to supply the place of those so dif-

bounty, dec, charged, shall be entitled to the lame allowance of bounty, sub-

fistence money, arms, and cloathing, as the other private men

of the regiment, battalion, or independent company; and that the colonel or commanding officer shall, from time to time, as

he shall find most convenient, or as shall be required, certify to

his Majesty the number of volunteers who shall have so been raised and enrolled as private men as aforesaid, until the whole number of discharged men shall be replaced; and that all persons who shall engage to serve as private men as aforesaid, in pursuance of

this act, shall be enlisted to serve for the same period for which the persons were liable to serve whose places respectively they shall be enlisted to supply,

For every man

VI. And be it further enacted, That for every man discharged

so discharged from any ree; iment, battalion, or independent company of mili-ten guineas to., v^o' J

be paid to pro- pursuance of this aeft, the colonel or commanding officer

vide others, of such regiment, battalion, or independent company, shall be entitled to receive, in the manner herein after mentioned, the sum of ten pounds and ten shillings, to be applied in providing Persons re- other private men to replace the number so discharged; and that ceiving men the officer of the corps of artillery, or person appointed to receive ler^rnav^" any rnan so discharged from the militia who shall enlist in the to deliver to f*aid corps of artillery, and the officer of the navy, or person ap-the regiment pointed to receive any man so discharged who shall enter into the from whence service of the navy, shall respectively deliver to the colonel or corn-certificates rnanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or independent company

which shall from which such men were discharged, a certificate under the entitle the co- hand and seal of such officer of artillery or of the navy respectively, Ionel to receive specifying the names of the men so discharged, the regiment, from There- battalion, or corps of militia, from which every such man was

discharged,

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 83. 289

discharged, and the service into which he has entered and been cejvcr general accepted, which certificates shall be attested by the commandingbe^epaM^officer or adjutant of the said regiment, battalion, or corps of by the militia; and such certificates, being transmitted to the receiver ordnance and of the land tax of or for the county or riding to which the regi- admiralty, ment, battalion, or independent company aforesaid doth belong, shall entitle such colonel or commanding officer to the payment of the sum of ten pounds and ten shillings for every man specified in such certificate, to be applied for the purposes before mentioned; and every such receiver shall be, and is hereby empowered and required, on demand made, and production and delivery of such certificate, to pay the said sums out of any monies in his hands of the publick rates, taxes, or assessments, taking the receipt of such colonel or commanding officer for the same; and all sums of money so paid on account of the men enlisted in the said corps of artillery shall be carried to the account of the treasurer and paymaster of the ordnance, and all sums so paid on account of the men entered in the navy shall be carried to the account of the treasurer of the navy, and upon production and delivery of such certificates and receipts at the ordnance and navy offices respectively, shall be immediately duly paid by such treasurer and paymaster of the ordnance, and such paymaster of the navy reflectively, to such receiver general of the land tax advancing the same, or to his order.

VII. And whereas, by the said act passed in the twenty sixth year of his Majestfs reign, intituled An act for amending and reduc- G *3- c. ing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in recited 5*that part of Great Britain called England, it is enactefi that when any colonel or other commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or independent company^ shall be absent from Great Britain, all the poiv-ers by the said act given to such colonel or other commanding officer shall be vefed in and lawfully may be exercised by the next officer in command in such regiment, battalion, or independent company, wlw fall be ref ding within Great Britain, until such colonel or other commanding officer shall be retumiedto Great Britain, and shall have notified his arrival to the clerk of the peace of the county, ridings or place to which such regiment, battalion, or independent company belongs; and the clerk of the peace is by the said act required to transmit an account thereof' to the officer who fall have: been next in command as aforesaid; and all acts, matters, and things done by such officer next in command as aforesaid, in exercising the poivers given by the said act to coloneU and other coimn anding officers, fall be good a?id valid in the lazy, equally as if they had been done by the colonel or commanding officer himself: and whereas doubts have arisen -concerning the powers by the said act given to the next officer in command in any regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia, who shall be refuting in Great Britain when the colonel or other commanding officer of such regiment, battalion, or independent company shall be absent from Great Britain, and until he shall have notified his arrival in Great Britain as aforesaid; and considerable inconvenience has arisen> and may arise, by reason of such doubts: be it further enacted,

Vol. XL. yU That

290 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 83.

[179*5. When a colo- That when any colonel or commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia shall be absent from Great Britain, and until he shall return to Great Britain, and shall have notified his arrival in the manner required by the said recited act, it shall and may be lawful for the King's mold excellent majesty, by warrant under his sign manual, to direct and the powers'of or^er that the officer next in command who shall be residing in the colonel, Great Britain shall, in all cases, aft and be dealt with as the compel is absent from Great Britain, his Majesty may invest the fe-nior resident officer with

see.

manding officer of such regiment, battalion, or independent company; and that all powers and authorities which might have been exercised by such colonel or commanding officer so

/ f O

absent as aforesaid, if in Great Britain, shall be verted in and exercised by the next officer in command in such regiment, battalion, or independent company, who shall be resident in Great Britain; and, from and after issuing the said warrant as aforesaid, all matters and things which ought to be transacted and done by any other person or persons with such colonel or commanding officer, whilst resident in Great Britain, shall be transacted and done, during the time aforesaid, with such officer*so next in command as aforesaid, who shall be residing in Great Britain; and all money directed to be issued or paid to, or to the order of, such colonel or commanding officer, for the use of such regiment, battalion, or independent company, shall be blued and paid to, or to the order of, such officer next in command as aforesaid; and all acts* matters, and things done by and with such officer so next in command as aforesaid, during the time aforesaid, which are or shall be authorised or required to be done by or with such colonel or commanding officer when in Great Britain, shall be good and valid as if done by or with such colonel or commanding officer; and during the absence from Great Britain of the colonel or commanding officer of such regiment, battalion,or independent company, and until he shall return to Great Britain, 'and notify his arrival as aforesaid, the next officer in command in such regiment, battalion, or independent company, who shall be residing in Great Britain, shall appoint the regimental or battalion clerk, and agent to such regiment, battalion or independent company, in the same manner as such colonel or commanding officer might have done, and shall take security from such agent, and shall be and is hereby made subject and liable to make good all deficiencies that may happen from the said agent, or from himself upon account of the pay, cloathing, or publick flock of Officer aflum- such regiment, battalion, or independent company: provided al-ing such pow- ways^ that such officer next in command as aforesaid, who shall the absence^of aflhme*the powers fq given to him by the said recited act, and by the colonel to this act, in consequence of the absence from Great Britain of his

the county lieuten?, nt, and when in actual service, to the secretary at war".

Money for payment of

colonel or commanding officer, shall, within seven days after he shall affiume any such powers, notify the absence from Great Britain of such cblonel or commanding officer to the lieutenant of the county, and also, when the regiment, battalion, or company shall be in actual service, to the fecr&ary at war: provided also, that if any fuqh colonel or commanding officer as aforesaid shall o'have

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 83. 291

have given any orders for cloathing or other necessaries, or for ac- cloathing, Accoutrements, which ought to be provided in due eourse, or in Jheo^erwho pursuance of any order by proper authority, at the time when orc}ered the such order shall be given, for the use of his regiment, battalion, articles, or company, and before such orders shall be completed, or after the same shall be completed, and before the money shall be issued for the same, such colonel or commanding officer shall leave Great Britain, the orders so given by such colonel or commanding officer shall nevertheless be completed, and the money to be issued in respect thereof shall be paid to the order of such colonel or commanding officer, notwithstanding his absence from Great Britain, as aforesaid; and in like manner if any officer so next in command as aforesaid shall, in consequence of the absence from Great Britain of his colonel or commanding officer, and under the authorities given to him as aforesaid, give any orders for cloathing or other necessaries, or for accoutrements, v/hich ought to be provided in due course, or in pursuance of any order by proper authority, at the time when such orders shall be given, for the use of his regiment, battalion, or company, and before such orders shall be completed, or after the same shall be completed, and before the money which ought to be issued shall be issued for the same, the colonel or commanding officer shall return to Great Britain, and notify his arrival as aforesaid, the orders so given by such officer so next in command as aforesaid shall be completed, and the money to be issued in respefit thereof shall be paid to the order of such officer, notwithstanding the return of such colonel or commanding officer as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it enacted, That his Majesty, his heirs and fuc- His Majesty cessors, shall, from time to time, as he and they shall think fit,

signify his and their pleasure to his and their lieutenants of any tenants and" county, riding, or place, to displace all or any deputy lieutenants officers to be and officers in the militia; and thereupon his Majesty's respect displaced, tive lieutenants shall appoint others within the same county, riding, or place, under the like qualifications, to serve in their Head.

IX. And whereas, by an joB passed in the twenty-pxth year of 26 Geo. 3. c. the reign of his present Majesty, relating to the militia forces in Eng-o; f. 89, land, it is end5lecL> that any prjeant or corporal of the militia ?nay, rcclte(h

by sentence of a court martial, be reduced to the condition of a private

militia man, to serve as such. during any time not exceeding fifteen

months; after which time, if not regularly re-appointed io the rank

of a non-commissioned officer, he fall be difeh urged from the service;

which provison has in many cases been found to be inconvenient: be it

therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act,

the said clause shall be repealed; and that any serjeant or cor- and repealed.

poral of the militia may, by sentence of a court martial be reduced Serjeants and

to the condition of a private militia man, to serve as such during corporals may

any time not exceeding fifteen months, in case the regiment or be reduced to

corps to which he belongs shall not be then embodied or called krves Prl"

out into actual service, and in case the regiment or corps to t^n

which he belongs shall be then embodied or called out into actual

U 2 service.

292. Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 83. [1795.

service, to serve as aforesaid until the disembodying of the said regiment or corps, after which time, or at the end of the said fifteen months, as the case may be, if not regularly re-appointed to the rank of a non-commissioned officer, he shall be discharged from the service.

in the other forces to vacate those in the militia, (except as colonel).

to make their clt&ion, See.;

X. And whereas doubts have ar'ifen whether the acceptance by officers of the militia of cormniffions in his Majesty's regular forces, or in any fencible or volunteer corps, do vacate their com?nifftons in the ?niliiia; for obviating such doubts for the future, be it enacted CcKnmi\h0^3°^ anc* declared, That, from and after the passing of this act, the

acceptance by any officer of the militia of this kingdom (except

the colonel) of any commission in any of his Majesty's other forces, whether liable to serve out of Great Britain, or within the lame only, shall, from the date of such commission so ac-

cepted, absolutely vacate and make void any commission the said.officer may hold in the militia forces of this kingdom, to all in-

holffiif^com1*-3 tents ar>d purposes whatsoever, and all officers of the militia of millions in the this kingdom (except the colonel) who may heretofore have other forces accepted commissions in any of his Majesty's other forces as aforesaid, and now hold the same, together with their militia commissions, shall, and they are hereby required, within one month after the passing of this act, to make their eledfion whether they will continue to serve in the militia, or such other of his Majesty's forces, and shall also within the same time notify such their election in writing to the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, to which the regiment, battalion, or corps, in which they may at the time hold their militia commission, shall belong, and also to one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, in order to such notification being inserted in the London Gazette; and the commissions of all such officers, in such regiment or corps wherein they shall not make their election to lerve, shall, from, and after such notification, be absolutely vacated and made void,

d, f not done to ap intents and purposes whatsoever; and in case any of the ed time! their taid °fhcers shall neglect or refuse to make and notify such election within the time aforesaid, the militia commission of such office shall, from and after the expiration of one month, to be computed from the passing of this act, become vacated and made void, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, any law, usage, or practice, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and that every person holding the commission of colonel in the militia, to receive only who shall, after the passing of this act, raise any fencible corps, the pay there- shall receive only the pay of such fencible corps to which he be-of, and not to longs, and it shall not be lawful for such colonel to.adfinany ffiiain 1 C m " respe(^ as c°l°nel in the militia, until such fencible corps is re-County lieu duced > and that it shall and may be lawful for the lieutenant of tenants may the county to which such militia belongs to appoint an additional appoint an act- major to such militia regiment, with the pay of such, during the <1 iticmal major time the duty of such coloners service in the militia is suspended by ]onefts^er\dce a<^ > ai)d aRd m2LY tawful to try such colonel as a

i-s suspended. fencible officer only, by a court martial composed as courts martial are for trying officers in fencible regiments^ any law to the contrary

commissions in the militia to be void.

Militia colonels raising fencible corps

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 84 — 88. 293

trary notwithstanding; provided nevertheless, that in case any Colonel to be commission in any militia regiment, now held by any officer officer0" serving In a fencible regiment, shall not be filled up at or before ^ommj^ons the time such fencible regiment is reduced, it shall and may be t^e lawful for such officer, after such fencible regiment is reduced, now held by with the consent of the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, 1 fencible offi-to which such militia belongs, to resume and act under his militia commission in like manner as if such militia commission had their corns never been vacated by this acct. may be re-

XI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any certificate, fumed, signed by the colonel or commanding officer of any regiment, On receipt of battalion, or independent company of militia, shall be transmitted certificates ot to the deputy lieutenants of the subdivision for which any private

militia man shall have been enrolled, of any such private militia man men> the de* having died, or been appointed a serjeant, corporal, or drummer, puty lieute-in the militia, or been discharged as being unfit for service, or nants tocau in pursuance of the sentence of a court martial, such deputy ballot ted for lieutenants shall, and are hereby required to cause such vacancy to be filled up by bailot, immediately after the receipt of such certificate.

CAP. LXXXIV".

An act for continuing several acts passed for the better regulation of laftageand ballaltage in the river Thames.

[June 2, 1795.]

Act 6 Geo. 2. c. 29. for the regulation of lastage and ballaltage continued to June 24, 1805.

CAP. LXXXV.

An act for making and extending a navigable cut from the town of Watford, in the county of Hertford, to the town of Saint Alban, in the same county.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several acts of the sixteenth and seventeenth of King Charles the Second, and of the seventh of his present Majesty, relating to the navigation of the river Itchin, in the county of Southampton, and for improving the navigation thereof, and for ascertaining the rates of carriage, average, and wharfage, payable thereon.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from and out of the navigation from the Trent to the Mercy, at or near Stoke upon Trent, in the county of Stafford, to the town of Newcastle under Lyme, in the said county.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An act to remedy certain omissions in an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for the discharge of certain insolvent debtors.

[June 22, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act passed in the left fejfeon of parliament, intituled An act for the discharge of certain insolvent 34 Geo. 3. c, deb.tors3 did not extend, to the relief of all the persons to lyhorn it was 69> recited.

v 3 mptnx

294 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 88. [1795.

i, meant to extend, owing to the circumstance of fevered prisoners, who lucre in cujhdy on the twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and had continued in custody from that time, having, during the time of their imprisonment, been removed by writ of habeas corpus, or by other means, from one prison to another, after the said twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and Gaolers to by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of inake out lifts this act, all and every gaoler or keeper of any prison within this vvh^on Feb kingdom shall and is hereby required to make a true, ex ad, and 12, 1794, and perfect lift, alphabetically, of the name or names of all and every at the time of person and persons described in the said add, who, upon the said making out, twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-were in cu - four^ was or Were in the custody of any gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of any prison, and at the time of making out every such lift shall be really an actual prisoner or prisoners in the cul-tody of the gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers, of any prison, making and delivering such lift, which lift shall be delivered and dealt with in like manner as is directed by the said act with respect to the lifts therein mentioned.

And be it further enacted, That the warden of his Majesty's delivering inn Prison of the Fleet, and the marshal of the King's Bench prison, Ms, to take 2nd every other gaoler and keeper of any other prison, shall fe-the following verally, on the delivering in of such list of prisoners in their respective custody, take an oath in the open court ot general quarter session of the peace, or at some adjournment thereof, to the following effect:

cash* FA.B. upon my corporal oath, in the presence of Almighty God,

do solemnly swear, profess, and declare, That all and every person and persons, whose name or names is or are inserted in the list by me now delivered in and subscribed, have been, to the befi of my knowledge and belief really and truly prisoners in my actual custody ever face the respethve days and times in such lijl mentioned; and that it appears by the several returns and affidavits of the several gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers, in whose cujhdy the said several persons have been, previous to their being committed into my custody, that they VJcre really and truly prisoners in athial custody on the tweflth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, at the suit or fiats of the several person or persons therein respectively mentioned

Sfdeak^wFh said oath, and the words thereof, lifts, and copies of lifts,

as dirc&M^by entered, kept, and dealt with in manner in the said act

recited act. 7 directed respecting the oath, lifts, and copies of lifts, therein mentioned.

Prisoners to

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, take the fol- That, instead of the oath by the said act directed to be taken by lowing'" such

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 88. 295

such prisoners as in the said act are described, an oath to the following effect shall be taken by them respectively:

I A.B. upon my corporal oath, in the presence of Almighty God., oath, ^do solemnly swear, protest, and declare, T/W on the twelfth day of February thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, I was really and truly a prisoner in actual custody of the keeper of so?ne gaol or prison at the suit of»without any fraud or

collusion whatever, and that I have ever since my commitment continued a prisoner in actual custody, at the suit of

and without any fraud or collusion whatever; and that the schedule now delivered by me, and subscribed, doth contain, to the best of ?ny knowledge, remembrance, and belief, a full, just, true, and perfect account and discovery cf all the goods, effects, and estates, real and personal, in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, which I, or any person in trust for me or for my benefit or advantage, am or is seised or possessed of, interested in, or entitled to, or which was or were in my possession at any time since my commitment to prison, and of all debts which are to me owing, or to any person or persons in trust jar ine, and of all the securities and contrasts whereby any money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable, or any benefit or advantage may accrue to ?ne, or to my ife, or to any person or persons in trust for me, and the names and places of abode of the several persons from whom such debts are due and owing, and of the witnesses that can prove such debts or contrasts (if any such there be) and that neither I, nor any other person or persons in trust for me or for ?ny ife, have any lands, money, fiock, or any estate, real or personal, in possession, reversion, or remainder, or expectancy, other than what are in the said schedule contained, except wearing apparel and bedding for myself and family, working tools, and necessary implements for my occupation and calling, together with a, sum of money not exceeding five poundsx and these in the whole not exceeding the value of thirty pounds; and that I have not, nor any body for me hath, direSily or indirectly, fold, lejfemcl, or otherwise conveyed, disposed of in trust, or concealed, all or any part of my lands, money, goods, chattels, flock, debts, securities, contrasts, or eftaie, real or personal, whereby to secure the same, or to receive or expeSl any profit or advantage thereof, or with intent to de- fraud or deceive any creditor or creditors to whom I am or was indebted inanywife howsoever.

So help me GOD.

IV. And be it further enacted, That instead of the oath di- Gaolers on rented by the said act to be taken (if required as therein mentioned) be

by the gaoler, or person who acts as gaoler or keeper of any such <jifcharged to prison, at the time of bringing up any such prisoner in order to be take the fdl-discharged, an oath to the following cffebt (if io required) shall lowing be administered and taken;

I A.B. do swear. That was, as I verily oath.

A believe, a prisoner in cufkdy at and upon the xzvelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four^ and that the copy

u 4 on

'296 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 89. [1795.

or copies, account or accounts of the cause or causes of his [or her] commitment or detainer, noiu by me broughi with the body of the said and produced to this court, is or are a true copy or copies, account or accounts, of the cause or caujes of finch detainer or commitment, without any fraud or deceit by me or any other person whatsoever, to the befl of my knowledge and belief

So help me GOD.

Recited act to

V. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That foners meant" a^ anc* ever7 clauses, powers, provisions, penalties, regula-to be dif- tions, and direddons in the said act contained, shall apply to the charged under cases of the prisoners meant to be discharged under this act, in the this act. same manner as if the said clauses, powers, provisions, penalties, regulations, and directions, were herein inferred and enacted.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act for making perpetual an act made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue the payment of the duties in Scotland upon lozu zvines and spirits, and upon worts, wash, and other liquors, there used in the distillation of spirits; and for regulating the exportation of British-made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; to continue so much of an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, as permits sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the manufacture ^/'Maidstone geneva; and to make perpetual the duties granted by an act, made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, upon worts, wash, and other liquors, for extra ft ing spirits for home consumption.

[June 22, 1795 ]

WHEREAS the laws herein after mentioned have been found useful and beneficial, and are near expiring; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That an act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to continue two acts made in the twenty-eighth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, cfor dif continuing, for a limited time, the several duties payable in Scotland upon low wines and spirits, and upon vjoits, wash, and other liquors there used in the distillation of spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the exportation of RriuSh-made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited time, an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, 9 u to dif continue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and spirits for home consumption; and for granting and securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending British spirits; and for discontinuing for a limited time, certain imposts and duties upon rum and spirits imported from the West Indies; 5' and for amending

[Preamble.]

30 Geo. 3. c. 37.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 89. 297

amending the said act, made in the twenty-ninth year of his present Majesty's reign; and such parts of the said acts of the twenty- sixth, twenty-eighth, and twenty-ninth years aforesaid, save and c. 73. except the duties imposed by the said act of the twenty-eighth 28 Geo. 3. year of the reign aforesaid), as were continued by the said act ofc- 4c- and the thirtieth year aforesaid, until and upon the fifth day of July^/except as one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one; and by another adthereby ex-of the thirty-first: year of the reign aforesaid, until and upon the cepted), which fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; were con-and by another act of the thirty-third year of the reign aforesaid, ^35

until and upon the first day of December one thousand seven hun- tc^Dec! 1* dred and ninety-five, and from thence to the end of the then 1795, made next session of parliament, shall be, and the same are hereby perpetual, made perpetual.

II. And whereas by an act, made in the thirty-third year reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to continue certai ties of excise on foreign spirits imported into this kingdom, for a limited time, and also for continuing certain laws of excise therein mentioned; reciting, that certain rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, were, by an act made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, provided, settled, and established, for the manufacture of spirits called Maidstone Geneva, established at Maidstone in the county of Kent, by George Bishop of that place, and that certain duties were by the said act, and by another act made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his said Majesty, imposed on the said George Bishop for and in respect of wash produced by him from malt or other corn; and that the said George Bishop was lately dead, and sir William Bishop knight, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, were become possessed of the distillery andpre?nifes, in which the said George Bishop deceased carried on the manufacture of such Maidstone geneva at Maidstone aforesaid, and that the said sir William Bishop, George Bishop and Argles Bishop, were desirous to carry on the manufacture of, and to snake spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva, in the said distillery and premises at Maidstone aforesaid, under and subject to the like duties, rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, as the said George Bishop deceased carried on in the manufacture of, and made spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva; and that it was expedient to allow the said sir William Bishop,

George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, y? to carry on such manufacture, and to make such spirits, it was enacted that it should and might be lawful to and for the said sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, and the Jurvivors and survivor of them, possessed of the said distillery and premises, to carry on the manufacture of, and to make spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva, in the said distillery and premises at Maidstone aforej'aid, until and upon the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, under and subject to the like duties as were imposed on the said George Bishop deceased, by the said acts of the twenty-eighth and thirty-first years of the reign of his said Majesty: and whereas it is expedient to allow the said sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, y? to carry on such manufacture, and tp make such spirits, for a further term: he

it

of the 33 Geo. i. n du- c' reclte<L

298 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 90. [1795.

Sir William it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and Company1 may may to an<^ i°r the said sir William Bishop, George Bishop y

continue to^and Argles Bishop, and the survivors or survivor of them, possessed make Maid- of the said distillery and premises, to carry on the manufacture of, Rone gm till and to make spirits commonly called Maidstone Geneva, in the IVoJe&to the ^lK' difliiiery and premises at Maidstone aforesaid, from the said dutiesimpoied fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, on the late until and upon the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred George Bi- and ninety-seven, under and subject to the like duties as were im-°P* poled on the said George Bifiop deceased, by the said acts of the twenty-eighth, and thirty-first years of the reign of his said Majesty.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Duties^3"nT^f" That the several duties of excise which were, by an act passed in a. c. r-7. "*the twenty sevent'n year of the reign of his present Majesty, far

on wath brew- repealing the several duties of cu/loms and excise, and granting e'd in England other duties in lieu thereof imposed for a limited time, for or irv reirpe(?c of fermented wort or wash brewed or made in that part home con- °lC Great Britain called England, for extracting spirits for home fumption, consumption, from any malt, corn, grain, or tilts, or any mix- which were tore with the same, and for or in respect of cyder or perry, or eo, Q^KCi ky other wash or liquor brewed or made as aforesaid, from any fort c. 9^ to3* or kind of Brit If materials, except such as are before mentioned, July 5, 179-5, or from any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home made perpe- consumption, and for or in respect of fermented wort or wash ttia^ brewed or made as aforesaid from mehfies or sugar, or any mix-

ture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumption, and for or in respect of walla brewed or made as aforesaid, from foreign refused wine, or foreign cyder, or wash prepared from foreign^ materials, except melalfes and sugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumption, and which were, by several acts made in the twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirtieth, thirty-first, and thirty third years of the reign of his present Majesty, continued until and upon the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, shall be, and the same are hereby severally and respectively made perpetual 5 and the said duties shall severally and respectively be paid and payable by the several and respective makers and distillers of such wort, wash, cyder, perry, or other liquor respectively, at such times, and in such manner, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as the said duties, by the said act imposed and hereby continued and made perpetual, were severally and respectively payable by law under or by virtue of any acSt or acts of parliament in force immediately before the passing of this act, and shall continue to be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, (the charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), and be carried to, and-made part of, the consolidated fund.

CA.P. XC

An act for regulating the shipping and carrying slaves in British vessels from the coast of Africa.

[June 22, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to regulate the shipping and carrying.

slaves in British vessels from the coast of Africa, /^ a limited time j

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 90, '299

time; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall not be lawful for From Aug* any master or other person taking or having the charge or com- fe7i^g"^nve^ mand of any British ship or vessel whatever, which shall clear 0Lut from s out from any port of this kingdom from and after the first: day of Great Britain* August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-live, to have on to carry slaves board at any one time, or to convey, carry, bring, or transport, from ^rica slaves from the coaff of Africa to any part beyond sea, in any nUmbers than such ship or vessel, in any greater number than in the proportion herein speci-of five such slaves for every three tons of the burthen of such fed.

ship or vessel, so far as the said ship or vessel shall not exceed two hundred and one tons; and moreover of one such Have for every additional ton of such ship or vessel over and above the said burthen of two hundred and one tons, or male slaves who shall exceed four feet four inches in height, in any greater number than in the proportion of one such male Have to every one ton of the burthen of such ship or vessel, so far as the said ship or vessel shall not exceed two hundred and one tons; and moreover of three such male slaves, who shall exceed the said height of four feet four inches, for every additional five tons of such ship or vessel, over and above the said burthen of two hundred and one tons; and Vessels to be every such ship or vessel shall be deemed and taken to be of such tonnage or burthen as is described and set forth in the respective forthTn their certificate of the registry of each and every such ship or vessel, certificates of granted in pursuance of an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of registry. the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for tbs furth er increase and encouragement offlipping and navigation; and if any such Masters of mailer, or other person taking or having the charge or command vessels to for-of any such ship or vessel, shall acontrary hereto, such mailer or eve^flave1* other person as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the sum of thirty exceeding the pounds of lawful money of Great Britain for each and every such limited nam-slave, exceeding in number the proportions herein-before limit- her. ed; one moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, his heirs or sucessors, asnd the other moiety thereof shall go to any person or persons who shall first sue for the same: provided always, that if^m<2f ^ia° there shall be in any such ship or vessel any more than two fifth of The slaves part of the slaves who shall be children, and who shall not exceed be children, four feet four inches in height, then every five such children, over five of the and above the aforesaid proportion of two fifths, shall be deemed ^urP^us to be and taken to be equal to four of the said slaves, within the true to f^u^flaves1^ intent and meaning of this act: provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the case of a ship taking on board any number of slaves that shall be found shipwrecked, or from on board any other ship or vessel where, by reason of mutiny or insurrection among the llaves, or the crew, or by failure of hands, or by any actual distress of the vessel, the master or commander shall be disabled from governing the ship, or continuing the voyage, the proof of which shall lie

upon

they land any Caves in the West Indies, to give in a written declaration to the officer of the customs

See-

and if they land Caves contrary

300 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 90. [1793.

upon the mailer or other person having charge of such ship or vessel so taking on board such Haves.

Mailers of

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That vessels, before on the arrival oftany such ship or vessel in any island in the IVeji Indies, belonging to or under the dominion of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, from the coast of Africa, carrying or conveying, any such Haves as aforesaid, the matter or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel shall, before any of the said Haves shall be unshipped or landed from __ such ship or vessel, repair to the nearest cuttom house, and there

of the burthen give in a written declaration to the collector, or other chief officer of the vessels, of the customs, who is hereby required to accept and preserve the same, of the burthen of such ship or vessel, and shall, at the same time, shew to such officer the certificate of the registry thereof j and shall also give in a written declaration to the said officer, (who is hereby required to accept and preserve the same), containing anexadl and true account of the greatest number of such Haves, (distinguishing the number of males and females, and specifying the number of such Haves as shall exceed the aforesaid height of four feet four inches), who are or shall have been at any one time in or on board such ship or vessel, before, when, or after, such ship or vessel quitted or departed from the coast of Africa for that voyage; and if such matter, or other person taking or having the charge or command of any such ship or vessel, shall hereto, to for- unship or Jand, or shall cause to be unshipped or landed, or shall fdt 500l. wilfully permit or suffer to be unshipped or landed, any such slaves, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, such matter or other person as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the furn of five hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain for every such offence, and one moiety of the said forfeiture shall go _ - Ffh to ^IS Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety shall

cce6 o e gQ to the person or persons who shall first sue for the same; and it shall and may be lawful for such collector or other chief officer of the customs, and he is hereby required to search, or to cause search to be made in every part of such ship or vessel, to fee and vdfels &c. to take an account of the number of such slaves on board such on penalty of ship or vessel, and to specify in such account the number of males 500l. and females, and also the number of slaves not exceeding four

feet four inches in height, and without delay to transmit such account, attested under his hand and seal, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in London, under the penalty of five hundred pounds: provided always, that in case the said collector or other chief officer of the customs shall be absent, or that there shall be no such officer in any such island where the said ship shall arrive as aforesaid, or in case there shall be no other officer of the declaStion°of revenue> ^len any civil officer in the said island shall be, and he the mafltr, is hereby authorised and required, upon application as aforesaid, &c. to receive and preserve the said declaration of the burthen of such

ship as aforesaid, and to perform all the other duties aforesaid which the said collector or other chief officer of the customs. is hereby required to perform.

customs to take an account of the slaves on board such

Where there is no officer of the customs, any civil officer to receive the

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 90- 301

III. And be it further enacted, That if any person making any Penalty on declaration, by this act authorised or required to be made,

therein be guilty of wilful falsehood, or if any person shall procure or suborn any person to become guilty of such wilful falsehood, every such person shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanour, and mall be punished by such fine as the court, before whom such offender shall have been tried and convicted, shall think fit to order or adjudge, and also by imprisonment for any time not exceeding twelve nor less than three calendar months from the time of such (entence.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That^fve

it shall not be lawful for the mailer or other person taking, or; slave^unlefe having the charge or command of any such ship or vessel as entered for aforesaid, which shall be cleared out from any port in Great Bri that purpose tain, after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred ninety-five, to take or have on board such ship or vessel, or con- ]efs the Purvey, carry, bring, or transport, any slaves from the coast: of Africa geongive to any parts beyond the seas, in any such ship or vessel as afore- bond to keep said, unless such ship or vessel shall, at the time of her so clearing^out, have been entered for such purpose at the custom house of during the the port from whence such ship or vessel cleared out, and unless voyage; the surgeon of or belonging to such ship or vessel shall have given bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall have left the same in the hands of the collector or comptroller of the customs in the port from whence such ship or vessel shall depart for such voyage to the coast: of Africa, in the penal sum of one hundred pounds, with condition that such surgeon shall keep a regular and true journal, containing an account of the greatest number of slaves which shall have been, at any time during such voyage, on board such ship or vessel, from the time of the arrival of such ship or vessel on the coast: of Africans aforesaid, until her arrival at the port of her delivery, distinguishing the number of males and females, and of the deaths of any such slaves or crew of the said ship or vessel, and of the cause thereof, during the voyage from the first departure of the said ship or vessel to her arrival on the coast of Africa, during her stay on the said coast, and after her departure from thence to the said port of delivery, or during such time as such surgeon shall have been on board such ship or vessel; and that the said surgeon shall deliver such journal is to journal to the collector or other officer as aforesaid, at the first^tlfe^offic-r British) port where such ship or vessel shall arrive after leaving the Of thecuf- coast of Africa, and shall deliver in a written declaration of the toms, at the truth of such journal, to the best of his knowledge and belief, to Aril British such collector or other officer as aforesaid, who is hereby required °^r" to accept and preserve the same; and such collector or other of-^'

ficer as aforesaid shall deliver to such master or other person as ih^to the aforesaid and to such surgeon respectively, copies of thg declara- master a COpy tion of such master or other person, and of such surgeon as afore- of his declira-said, and also of the said journal, which copies shall severally be tion, and to attested (as true copies) by such collector or other officer as afore- yUof*said under his hand and seal; and duplicates of the said copies, journal anci

attested

ers of the customs.

302 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 90. [i 795.;

transmit du- attested in like manner, shall be transmitted by the said collector, commiihon^6 or ot^er officer, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in London; and if such master, or person taking or having the charge or command of any such ship or vessel, shall carry his cargo of ilaves to, and land the whole or any part in, any port or ports not subject to the crown of Great Britain, and shall afterwards arrive at any British island or port, having delivered the whole or any part bf his said cargo, such master or other person, and also the surgeon of such ship or vessel, shall make the same declaration, deliver in the same journal to, and take the same oaths before the collectors, or other chief officers of the customs, or civil officer of the island or port, and receive the same attested certificate, in like manner as if he had first arrived at such island or port; and if the said ship or vessel shall not arrive at any British island or port before her return to Great Britain, then the said master or other person, and surgeon, shall make the said de claration, deliver in the said journal to, and take the said oaths before, the coftedbr or other chief officer of the customs of the port where they shall first land, which the collector or chief officer is hereby empowered and required to receive and administer, and the said collector or other chief officer shall forthwith transmit the same to the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in London; Matters or and if such master or surgeon shall act contrary hereto, such maf-surgeons ad- ter or surgeon shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of hereto1 to*for- one hundred pounds, one moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, feit iool. his heirs or successors, and the other moiety thereof shall go to any person or persons who shall sue for the famed If penalty on V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That matters be not in case the master or other person having or taking the charge or da^s'thdr114 comniand any such ftnp or vessel, shall be convicted of any one vessels may be of the said offences before mentioned, and shall not, within the seized and space of fourteen days, pay or cause to be paid, into the hands of

fold. the proper officer of the court wherein the offence shall be prose-

euted, in order that the same may be applied in manner herein directed, the amount of the penalty on such conviction, it shall and may be lawful for any admiral, or other commander at sea, cf any of the ships of war, or other ships having commission from his Majesty, or from his heirs or successors, or for any governor of any island or plantation to his Majesty belonging in America or the West Indies, or for any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs, to seize and detain the said ship or vessel wherever found, and to convey the same to the custom house nearest to the place where she shall be found; and the collector, or other principal officer of the customs of such custom house, shall, and he is hereby required to cause every such ship or vessel to be sold publickly by auction, and the produce arising by such sale thereof to apply; towards satisfying the said penalty; and if there shall remain any overplus, to pay the same over to such perfori or persons as shall prove his, her, or their property therein, or to his, her, or their lawful assigns.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 90. 30J

VI. And whereas it may happen that the master or other person On arrival of

having the command of such ship or vessel so profecuied and con- Gr

vitted may be unable to pay such penalty or penalties incurred be it the West In-enacted, That as Toon as such ship or vessel shall arri ve in any dies, the own* of the said islands, and due notice of such arrival shall have been ers to give given at the custom house thereof, the owner or owners of the Of

said ship or vessel, or his, her, or their factor or agent to whom penalties.0 such ship and cargo are conhgned, shall give bond in the penal

sum of five thousand pounds to the collector or other officer of the customs, for the full and just payment of such penalty or penalties as may be awarded against such captain, or other officer, by the veraidl of a jury: and it is hereby enacted, That Vessils not to no such ship or vessel shall be permitted or suffered to enter^enty^tifl or clear inwards, until such bond shall be first given > and it shall is^given, be lawful for any officer of the customs to detain such ship or See. vessel, with all her cargo on board, until such bond shall be enter- Su-tg tQ be ed into as before required: provided always, that no suit against commeilced such captain, or other officer, shall be prosecuted in any island, within one unless the same shall be commenced within one month after-due month, notice given of the ship's arrival to the collector or other officer of the customs in the said islands.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several penalties and forfeitures inflicted by this act shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, in any court of vice admiralty in any part of America., or in any island in the West Indies, wherein any such offence shall have been committed, or wherein any such ship or vessel shall have disposed of the whole or any part of her cargo, or in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every such ship or vessel, the upper as well as the lower ^nef lowe^ca-cabin, and the space between decks., shall be allotted and properly bin, and the prepared for the reception of such' (laves; and that alter any such space between ship or vessel shall have taken two third parts of her complement decks, j: o be^ of slaves on board, in the proportions herein-before limited, no flavelf <kc^goods, wares, or merchandize, shill ever be flowed or put in any such cabin or place in which any such slaves shall be.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That,

from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and of a and ninety-five, it shall not be lawful for any person to become a vessel, who is master, or take or have the command or charge of any such ship not qualified or vessel, at the time he shall clear out from any port of Great and

Britain^ for purchasing' and carrying slaves from the coast of also the owner Africa, unless such master, or person taking or having the charge shall forfeit or command of any such ship or vessel, shall have made oath, 5ooh and delivered in to the collector or other chief officer of the customs, at the port where such ship or vessel shall clear out, a certificate, attested by the respective owner or owners, that he has already served in such capacity during one voyage, or shall have served as chief mate or surgeon during the whole of two

voyages.

3° 4

Former acts, recited,

and nothing therein to make void insurances made in the same general terms as other insurances, but under them no damages shall be recoverable in certain cases.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 90. [1795.

voyages, or either as chief or other mate during three voyages, in purchasing and carrying Haves from the coast of Africa, under pain that such matter or other person taking or having the charge or command of any such ship or vessel, and also the owner or owners who shall hire or employ such person, shall, for every such offence, respectively forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds*

X. And whereas by an at7, made in the thirty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, and several preceding acts, it is enacted^ that, from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, it should not be lawful for any owner or owners of any ship or vessel to insure any cargo of slaves, or any part thereof on board the same, against any loss or damage, five and except the perils of the sea, piracy, infurrftion^ or capture by the Ring's enemies, barratry of the mafier and crew, and defir uc-tion by fire; and that all and every policy of infur atice thereafter made contrary to the said act should be^ and the same are thereby declared to be null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever: and whereas the owners of ships and others concerned in the trade to Africa, under (landing that it was merely intended by the above-mentioned provision of the said act^ to prescribe and specify the particular kinds of loss and damage for which alone an indemnity should thereafter be recoverable in respect to cargoes of (laves, and not to interfere with or vary the particular forms of the policies of infur ance^ whereby such insurances had been theretofore effected, have continued to male insurances on the perils and dangers allowed to be insured by the said act in the same general terms as are contained in the comtnon policies theretofore used in other insurances on ships and goods: and whereas doubts have arisen respecting the validity of such insurances so made on cargoes of slaves, on account of the policies whereby the same <are effectftd not being expressly refrained to the particular peril and dangers which are by the said provision of the said act alone saved and excepted as the subjects of lawful insurance: for remedy whereof, and for the more effectual security of such persons, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in the said act, or any former act contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make void any insurance already made, or which hereafter shall be made, upon ships, Haves, goods, and merchandize, in the same general terms with the policies now commonly made use of in all other insurances on ships and goods, (that is to say), on account of their expressing to be made, ct against the rifles and perils of the seas, men of war, fire, enemies, pirates, rovers, thieves, jettizons, letters of mart and countermart, surprizals, takings at sea, arrests, rettraints, and detainments of kings, princes, and people, of what nation, condition, or quality, soever, barratry of the matter and mariners, and of all other perils, Losses, and misfortunes, that have or shall come to the detriment or damage t hereofprovided nevertheless, that under such policies of assurance so made, or to be made, no loss or damage shall be hereafter recoverable on account of the mortality of slaves by natural death or ill treatment, or against loss, by throwing overboard of slaves,

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 90. 305

on any account whatsoever, or against ]ofs or daniage by reftralnts and detainments by kings, princes, people, or inhabitants of Africa, where it shall be made appear that fitch Joss or damage has been occasioned through any aggression for the purpose of procuring slaves, and committed by the mailer of any such ship, or by any person or persons commanding any boat or boats, or party or parties of men belonging to any such ship, or by any person or persons acting by the direction of any such mailer or commander respectively.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That No vessel to no such ship or vessel shall be allowed to clear out, unless it shall c^agCcI appear to the collector, or other principal officer of the customs fu^geon who at the port, that there is one surgeon at lead engaged to proceed has passed hia'on board such ship or vessel, and un'efs such surgeon shall have examination, produced and delivered to such collector or other principal officer

of the customs, a certificate or warrant of his having passed his examination at the surgeons hall, or at some publick or county hospital, or at the royal college of physicians or royal college of surgeons at Edinburgh, or shall have served as surgeon or surgeon's mate in his Majesty's fleet or armies, of which certificate or warrant the said collector or other principal officer shall give to the said surgeon an attested copy, gratis.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if it shall be made appear, to the satisfaction of the collector

or other principal officer of the port where such ship or vessel ^cllea n 0 shall be discharged, that there shall not have died more than in shall be satis-the proportion of two slaves in the hundred, from the time of the fled that there arrival of such ship or vessel on the coast oI Africa, to the time of have not died her arrival at her port of discharge in any of the islands of the hanlf6

West Indies, belonging to or under the dominion of his Majesty, slaves in the his heirs or successors, in such case the collector or other prin- 100, he is to cipal officer shall, and he is hereby authorised and required to ^to^he make out certificates, specifying the number of slaves that appear ^after^nd^ to have been taken on board the said ship or vessel, and the surgeon, and number that have died within the period above-mentioned, one on production of which certificates shall be delivered to the mailer, and the other thereof to the to the surgeon of such ship or vessel, and on production of such ei^of the^ certificates, the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in Eng- customs, they land and Scotland respectively, shall, and they are hereby authorised are to order and required to dire# the furn of one hundred pounds to be paid the matter to the mailer, and the sum of fifty pounds to be paid to the fur- surgeon jo if geon of such ship or vessel, out of any money that shall be in the hands of the receiver general of the customs of England and Scotland respectively; or if it shall be made appear to the collector or ^ike cerfcifi-other principal officer as aforesaid, that there shall not have died given^here more than in the proportion of three slaves in the hundred, from the mortality the time of the arrival of such ship or vessel on the coast of Africa has not been to the time of her arrival at her port of discharge in any of the rnore than 3 said West India islands, in such case the collector or principal of- ^hich is*to ficer as aforesaid shall, and he is hereby required and authorised to entitle the make out like certificates, and to deliver one to the master and master to 50l. Voi. XL. X the and the fur-

geon to51.

306 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 90. [1795.

the other to the surgeon of such ship or vessel, and the commifc sioners of the customs in England and Scotland respectively shall, and they are hereby authorised and required; on production of such certificates, to direct the sum of fifty pounds to be paid to the master, and the sum of twenty-five pounds to be paid to the surgeon of such ship or vessel.

XIII. And, for the better regulation, encouragement, and preservation of the health of the officers and seamen, employed in ships or vessels trading to the coaf of Africa, for saves, and from thence to the West Indies, and America; be it enacted by the authority

Before any aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of August one thou-ed^outwards1*" ^anc^even hundred and ninety-five, before any ship or vessel shall the matter*proceed to sea, the master, officers, and mariners, shall sign and officers, and execute articles of agreement, and a muster-roll, in the presence mariners, to of, and witnessed by, the clearing officer and one of the tidesmen execute art 1- Of the port from whence the ship departs; and a duplicate of

ment in thee arddes agreement and muster-roll, duly signed and exforms here- ecuted, shall be delivered to the aforesaid clearing officer, in

unto annexed; order to its being lodged with the proper officer in the custom

foi-n^to^e61* k°u^e> according to the forms hereunto annexed; which agreement shall be conclusive to all parties for the time contracted for; and no other form whatsoever of articles of agreement, or muster-roll, shall be used, under the penalty of fifty pounds, one half to be paid to the use of Greenwich hospital, and the other half to the informer, or other person who shall sue for the same, in any of his Majesty's courts of record.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

bere<nilari* a continuation of the muster-roll shall be regularly and duly

y kept during the voyage; also a log book, wherein all penalties, forfeitures, and charges, against any officer or seaman shall be regularly entered and signed by the master, chief mate, and fur-greon; which said I02; book and the said muster-roll shall, oil

tz>'o^m

the arrival of the ship or vessel at her discharging port in Great Britain, be delivered in to the collector or other chief officer of the customs, together with the written declaration of the truth thereof, which declaration the collector, or other chief officer as aforesaid, is hereby required to accept and preserve; and if any master, chief mate, or surgeon, shall be convicted of signing false muster-rolls, articles of agreement, or log book, he or they shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred- pounds, and shall also suffer six months imprisonment.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no officer, mariner, or seaman, shall be turned over or discharged, upon any pretence

used, on pe nalty of 50I

kept, tkc.

Penalty for signing false'mutter rolls,

oCC,

No officer.

See. to be

ffifc^ru-gedl or whatsoever, unless into his Majesty's ships of war, or to affiftaship.but under the in actual distress, which is to be certified by the principal officers.circumstances of both ships concerned, and an agrement made in writing with herein men- the officers or men so lent, or, upon preferment, or under tlone*ill state of health, with the consent of the party, for which a certificate shall be given from the captain of any of his Majesty's ships or vessels, if any are present, or, in their absence, two juf-dees of the peace, or the collector and comptroller of the customs

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 90. 307

toms at the place or port where such Chip or vessel shall be, or shall first arrive, which certificate shall be returned with the muster-roll and logbook, on the arrival of the ship at her delivering port in Great Britain,

1 XVI. And be it further enaffect, That no matter, comman- No flops, Sec, der, or other person, shall supply the officers or mariners, sea-° he supplied men, or seafaring men, with more flops, tobacco, spirits, or any fourth Of the other article whatsoever, than to the amount of one fourth part monthly of the monthly wages of such officer, mariner, seaman, or sea- wages, faring man.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any officer, mari- Regulations ner, or seaman, shall behave in a riotous, seditious, or muti-

nous manner, it shall be lawful for the commander or command- behavin? in a* ing officer to put such officer, mariner, or seaman, into confine- riotous, fedh ment, for a time not exceeding twenty-four hours, before the tious, or mu-fame is reported to the captain or commander of any of his Ma- tmous man- jetty's ships or vessels (being present, or within a convenient distance), who is hereby authorised to enquire into the cause of such complaint, and to examine upon oath, if found necessary, and to grant such relief or remedy therein as the circumstances of the case may require; and in case none of his Majesty's ships are present, the cause of complaint shall be fully examined into by the matter and two officers, in the presence of the ship's company; and if it shall be judged necessary, for the safety of the ship and cargo, to continue the offender or offenders in confinement, such determination shall be drawn up in writing, with the reasons for coming to such resolution ttated at large, and signed by the matter and two officers, which they are hereby enjoined, under the penalty of fifty pounds, to report, without delay, to the captain or commander of the first ship or vessel belonging to his Majesty they may fall in with, and in default thereof to report the same to the governor or chief officer of any British fort on the coast of Africa, or to the governor of any of the West India islands, on their arrival at any port or road therein, that such measures may be taken to bring the offender or offenders tojusticeas the nature of the case will admit.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the matter or other Matter to person having or taking the charge or command of every such

ship or vessel, shall cause a printed abstract of this act, and also a^r&c°tobe

copy of the schedule (A) and of the muster-roll, respectively an- hung up in the

jnexed to this act, to be hung up and affixed to the most publick most publick

place of such ship or vessel, and shall cause the fume to be constantly P^j

kept and renewed, so that at all times they may be accessible to nalty oiTaoi*

the officers and seamen on board of such ship or vessel, upon pain

that every such matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of every such ship or vessel, who shall neglect to affix and renew the same, shall, for every such offence forfeit the sum of twenty pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any officer, mariner, If mutinous

or seaman, charged with mutiny or sedition, shall be delivered ?ffice, rs'

70 C^be taken into

X 2 over

308 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 90. [1795.

custody in Af- over or taken into custody by the order of the governor or chief West Indies a °^cer any fort on t^le coast of Africa or the governor of any stateroent > of the hlands in the British West Indies, a full statement, upon upon oath, to oath, which they are hereby empowered to administer, shall be belodgedwith made out and lodged with the said governor, together with the 2c8a°n7ifthenames of w^ne^es who are to support the charge alleged witnesses do agahift the prisoner or prisoners, in order to their being ient not appear at home for trial at the next admiralty sessions, for the offence or the trial, they offences alleged against him or them; and in case the said witness shall incur a or wjtne{pes shall negletSl to appear at the trial, upon being duly p summoned, he or they shall incur such penalty as the court shall

adjudge.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, OfficeT^&c.^ That upon the arrival of every ship or vessel at her discharging 1 a °tiftThe6 m Port Great Britain, the officers and seamen therein shall be velfe/ is clear- continued in full pay and provisions until the ship is cleared in-ed inwards, wards, or their accounts are settled and paid \ and that all w4ges Wages of run due to run men shall be forfeited and paid, one half to the use of men to go to Greenwich Hospital, and the other half to the merchants hospital

of the port to which such ship belongs; and all other forfeitures * shall be applied as is specified in the articles of agreement 5 any

custom, law, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Where of- That any offence committed in breach or violation of this act,

be may be tried in any court of oyer and terminer, in any county in nafties sued^6* wherein any such offence shall have been committed, or,

fox. in case any such offence shall have been committed on the Teas, or

in parts beyond the seas, then in such county within which the ship on board which such offence shall have been committed shall have cleared our, or in the county of Middlesex*, and any penalty or forfeiture, inflicted by this act, may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, in* any court of record in Great Britain, and in every such action or suit the party against whom judgement shall be given (whether plaintiff or defendant) shall pay double costs Limitation of of suit; and every such action shall and may be brought at any actions. time within three years after the offence committed, and not

afterwards; and every such action shall be carried on without wilful delay.

Delivery of

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any master or other writs on board person, having or taking the charge or command of any ship or vessels, to be vessel, shall be prosecuted on account of any offence committed service^aga*inftthis a ft, and the officer, whose businessit shall be to serve the writ or process issuing out of the court in which such master or other person shall be prosecuted, shall not be able to find the said master or other person so prosecuted either on board the said Vessel, or on shore or elsewhere, of which such officer shall give publick notice in such court, then, and in all such cases, the delivery of the said writ or process on board the said ship or vessel of which the said person shall have had the charge or command, shall be deemed due and legal service of the said writ qt process.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 90. 309,

XXIII. And be it farther enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if any person, taking any oath by this act authorised or Persons taking required to be taken, shall thereby commit wilful perjury, or if false oaths, to any person shall unlawfully procure or suborn any person to take ^fp^rjurv^&c! any oath, by this act authorised or required to be taken, whereby*

such person shall commit wilful perjury, every such person shall incur and suffer the like pains and penalties as are by law infliifled upon persons committing wilful and corrupt perjury, or fubor-nation of perjury.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall conti-

nue in force until the first day of August one thousand seven hun- 0 1S dred and ninety-six, and no longer, except for the purpose of trying or suing any person in consequence of any offence or offences committed in breach or violation of this adfc.

SCHEDULE (A).

ARTICLES of agreement between the master, officers* mariners, seamen, and seafaring men, of the ship bound from the port of upon an intended

voyage to the coast of Africa for from

thence to the West Indies, or America, and afterwards to in Great Britain, or to her delivering

port in Europe.

FIRST, The master does hereby covenant, agree, and engage, with the said officers, seamen, seafaring men, landfmen, and boys, That he will pay, or cause to be paid, to each and every of them, at the rate of the wages per month, sterling value, as against each persons name is expressed in the muster roll.

Secondly, The said master does further agree and engage with the said officers, mariners, seamen, seafaring men, landfmen, and boys, That they shall be daily and regularly supplied with good and wholesome victuals, and a portion of wine or spirits, as hereafter specified; the said provisions to be issued and dressed in the usual manner in which it is done on board his Majesty's ships of war, and served out to the ship's company in the manner following; videlicet,

Sunday, - One pound and an half of beef, containing

sixteen ounces to the pound, and a pint of flour.

x 3 Monday,

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 90. [1795.

Monday, Tuesday, -

Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday

One pound of pork, containing sixteen ounces to the pound, and half a pint of pease. One pint of oatmeal, and two ounces of butter, and four ounces of cheese-, or, one pound of stock fish, with one eighth of a pint of oil, and a quarter of a pint of vine-, gar, in lieu of butter and cheese.

The same as Monday,

The same as Sunday.

The same as Tuesday.

The same as Monday.

Each person, besides, to have six pounds of bread per week; and a quarter of a pint of spirits, or half a pint of wine, together with of water per day, during the voyage.

In lieu of pease and oatmeal may be served rice, Indian corn, yams, or calavances.

In case of being put to short allowance, the master, officers, and seamen, are to be at the same allowance of provisions and water, and to be allowed short allowance money, at the rate of three-pence per day if at two thirds allowance, and four-pence halfpenny per day, per man, if at half allowance, and to be paid their short allowance money ten days before the vessel fails from the West Indies or America.

And it is hereby further covenacted and agreed by and between the said parties. That the master of the said ship, at his or the owners proper cost and charge, will hire and employ the natives in their craft to wood and water the said ship, during her continuance on the coast of Africa, if such natives can be procured, under the direction of a patroon be^nging to the said ship.

And it is further agreed on the part of the said master, That whenever the officers and seamen are employed tradingin craft up the rivers, that the said master will, on the part of the owners, furnish the parties so employed with asufficient quantity of painted, canvas, or tarpawling, for an awning, and provisions for the time, in the proportion per diem, as is set forth in the foregoing article, with proper utensils and fire to dress the same; and upon failure thereof, for every such neglect he shall forfeit double the value of provisions.

The said master does further agree and engage, That there shall be a space reserved for half the ship's company to shelter themselves, while the slaves are on board; if a frigate-built ship, it shall be under the half deck; orin the steerage, or under a standing awning of wood, well caulked, in any other ship or vessel.

It is hereby further agreed by the said master, That he will not, upon any pretence whatsoever, turn over or discharge any of the officers or ship's company belonging to the said ship, unless on promotion, or to assist a ship actually in distress, and not then, unless properly certified as before expressed in this act: and the said master does hereby further agree to advance one month's pay to the officers and ship's company before the said ship departs

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 90. 311

from Great Britain, affthe time of settling the river or harbour pay; and that the monthly wages shall commence from that period: and it is further agreed by the said matter, That he will pay, or cause to be paid, one month's pay after the landing of the slaves in the West Indies or America, ten days before the failing of the said ship on her homeward-bound passage: and also the said matter engages to make the general signal for failing* twenty-four hours before the departure of the said ship \ videlicet, by loosing the fore topsail and firing a gun.

And we the officers, mariners, seamen, seafaring men, lands-men, and boys, in consideration of the monthly or other wages, foregoing ttipulations, and engagements, do severally promise and agree, and bind ourselves by these presents to behave with due subordination, and respect, and to obey the lawful commands of our'commander or superior officers on board the said ship, or boats thereunto belonging, as becomes good and faithful seamen and mariners, and at all places where the said ship shall touch at, put into, or anchor, during the said voyage, to do our utmost endeavours for the preservation of the said ship and cargo; and not to neglect or refuse doing our duty, by night or by day, nor out of the said ship on b ard any other vessel, or be on shore, under any pretence whatsoever, without leave obtained of our commander or commanding officer on board: and further, That we will, on no account whatsoever, leave or desert the said ship without the matter's consent (unless to serve on board any of his Majesty's ships) till the abovesaid voyage be ended, and the said ship discharged under the forfeiture of our wages: and we do further agree, That, when absent upon leave, we will immediately repair on board, when required lo to do by our commander or any of our superior officers, on failure thereof to forfeit for such disobedience seven days pay, to be charged against our wages, for every such offence: and we do further agree and acknowledge, That forty-eight hours absence, without leave, shall be, deemed a total desertion from the said ship, and our wages forfeited-as above agreed on, unless good and sufficient cause can be assigned for such absence.

And it is further agreed by us, the said officers and mariners belonging to the said ship, That we will not demand our wages, or any part thereof, except the value of a fourth part of our wages to be supplied in flops or other necessaries, and one month's pay, with our short allowance money then due, in the We ft Indies, or America, until the arrival of the said ship at her delivering port, except we should be impressed, or enter on board any of his Majesty's ships, or be discharged by mutual consent, agreeable to the foregoing certificate, as specified in the act.

And it is hereby further agreed by us the said officers, mariners, seamen, seafaring men, landfmen, and boys, That whatever stores, furniture, or apparel, each or any of us receive into our charge belonging to the said ship, shall be accounted for; and in case any thing should be loft or damaged by our-negligence or carelessness, it shall be made good to the matters or owners out of the wages of such officers or seamen by whose negligence it has

happened.

H

schedule

' Officers and men's names.

1 i Quality.

Where born.

sSy

jB3J IB SJB3A

Time of entry, and place where.

Time when, and place where, discharged, died, run, or drowned.

pauMOjp jo 'qjeap 'aSieqojrp 30 s>jni23

pjBoq uo $Xep pue sq^uoui jo joquin

2S Wages per month.

iSn K Xsuoui aoueApy

iS; ft. X^np inidjOH

iS ft- psqddnj sdoy jo junoiuy

ft. Sq^BOp StU3UI prap jo uunoiuy

2S c, a- Xououi 9DUBAV0J -p jjoqj jo junoujy

iS ft.o?03? 'psSjeqojip uaqM. snp saSe/W jo junome pqox

2S <- ft- Xed stU3Ui unj jo junotuy

CAP. XCI.

An act to amend an act, made in the iiventy-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better regulation of hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen; and for repealing so much of the said act as refrains the?n from selling goods, wares, or merchandize, within a certain distance from any city or market town.

[June 22, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made and passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An ato explain and amend an act made in the twenty- 39 Geo. 3. c. filth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, cAn act 2($, recited, for granting to his Majesty additional duties on hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, and for regulating their trade it is amongf other things enabled, that if any such hawker, pedlar, or petty chap-man, as is in the said act mentioned, or other trading person so travelling as in the said act mentioned, should, from and after the firs day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, trade, as in the said act is defer ibed, without such licence as is therein also mentioned and described, that then and in any of the said cases such hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or trading person, so offending, should, for each and every such offence, forfeit the fu?n of ten pounds; and it is by the said act also enacted, that if any such hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other trading person as aforesaid, should be found trading without a licence contrary to the said act, or who being found trading should refuseor neglect to produce a licence according to the said act, after-being requiredJo to do, that then it should and might be lawful for any of his Majesty's justices of the peace of the county or place where such offence or offences flould be committed, to convict the offender of trading without a licence: and whereas it is expedient that, in default of payment, it should be lawful for such jislice, by warrant under his hand andfeci, to cause the penalty in which the offender or offenders shall be convict ed, to be forthwith levied by dflrefs and sale of the goods, wares, or merchandizes of such offender or offenders, or of the goods with which such offender or offenders should be found trading as aforesaid: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, upon every Penalty in-conviction of any hawker, pedlar, petty chapman, or other by re*

trading person in the said act mentioned, who shall be found trad- hawked trad ing without a licence contrary to the said act, or who being found ing without trading shall refuse or neglect to produce to such person or per- a licence, or fons a licence according to the said aeft, it shall be lawful for Pot producing such justice, and he is hereby required, by warrant under his vie^streV hand and seal, to cause the penalty in which such offender or of the goods, offenders shall be convicted, to be forthwith levied by distress and sale of the goods or chattels of such offender or offenders, or of the goods with which such offender or offenders shall be found trading as aforesaid, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owner or owners thereof, after deduction of the reasonable

314 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92. [1795.

charges for taking and detaining the said di ft refs, and felling the same, and out of the said sale to pay the said respective penalties and forfeitures aforesaid, and in the mean time to commit such offender to the common goal or house of correction of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, where the said offence shall be committed, there to remain until the said penalties and forfeitures, and the reasonable charges of taking the said distress, shall be levied and raised by such distress and sale as aforesaid, or until the same shall be other wise paid or satisfied by such offender.

II. And whereas, by the sixteenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth fe ft ions of the said ad7, all hawkers, pedlar s, and petty chapmen, are refrained, under the penalties therein mentioned, from vending, fellings or exposing to sale, any goods, wares, or merchandizes whatsoever, in any city or market town in England, Wales, or the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, or within the distance of izvo miles from the 7niddle of the most central market place of any such city or market town, except on market andfair days, such hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen, not being householders there, or the same not being the ifual place of their abode, or of their carrying on business: and whereas the said refried ions have been found inconvenient to the manufactures in general, and also detrimental to the revenue: be it therefore restrictions enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first ky f*7, day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, so much an i o ie-^the faij a£j- as relates to the said restrictions shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

CAP. XCII.

An act for further encouraging and regulating the southern whale fisheries.

[June 22, 1795.]

WHEREAS it is proper to encourage the fishery carried on by his Majesty's European subjects in the seas to the southward of the Greenland seas and Davis's Streights, for the purp ofe of taking whales and other creatures found in those seas, by continuing the present premiums, and bef owing them in a different manner: and whereas it is of importance that immediate effect should be given to the said premiums, for which reason it is necess 'ary to repeal the laws by which the present premiums are granted: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, an adtypaffed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, inti-16 Geo. 3. c. tuled, An act for the encouragement of the fputhern whale fishery; 5°> anc* and also an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of 18 Geo. 3. c. his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending an act made in 20, &c. re- f]je twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, for the encourage-as to vefllls^ ment°fthe and for making further provisions

as for that purpose 3 and also every aft, and part of an aeft, repealed by

pealed.

[Preamble.]

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92. 313

by the said acts, or either of them, shall be, and are hereby re- cleared out be* pealed, except so far as regards ships or vessels which have been fore Nov. or may be fitted and cleared out for the purpose of carrying on such fishery before the first day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, under the encouragements given by the said acts.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Premiums the several premiums hereafter mentioned shall be paid and granted for allowed for three years, from the first day of January one thou- ^8 fitted sand seven hundred and ninety-six, to twenty-eight ships or vef- out for the fels employed in the said fishery under the limitations and restric- fishery: tions herein after expressed; that is to say, every such ship or vessel

shall appear by her register to be British-built, and shall be fitted and cleared out from some port of Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, or Man, and shall be wholly owned by his Majesty's subjects usually residing in any of the dominions aforesaid, and navigated as herein after directed.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That premiums and for fifteen of such ships or vessels which shall be so fitted and or

cleared out between the first day of January and the thirty-first l^S* day of December, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and between the first day of January and the thirty-

first day of December, in each succeeding year, and shall have failed to the southward of the equator, and shall there have bona fide carried on the said fishery, and shall return before the first day of December, in the year subsequent to that in which they cleared out, to some port of Great Britain, there shall be paid and allowed three hundred pounds to each of the five such ships or vessels which shall so fail and first arrive, within the times hereinbefore mentioned, with the greatest quantity of oil or head matter taken together, being not less in the whole than twenty tons in each of such ships or vessels, and being the produce of o^e or more whale or whales, or other creatures living in the leas, taken and killed by the crews of every such ship or vessel respectively; and there shall be paid and allowed two hundred pounds to each of the five such ships or vessels, which shall in like manner fail and first arrive with the next greatest quantity of such oil or head matter taken together, being not less in the whole than twenty tons in every such ship or vessel, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the seas, so taken as aforesaid; and there shall be paid and allowed one hundred pounds to each of the five such ships or vessels, and which shall in like manner fail and first arrive with the next greatest quantity of such oil or head matter taken together, being not less in the whole than twenty tons in every such ship or vessel, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the seas, so taken as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That premiums and for five other of such ships or vessels which shall be fitted and conditions for cleared out, and shall fail within the times herein-before men- s other ships. tinned, and proceed to the southward of the thirty-sixth degree of

: 16

premiums and conditions for eight other Clips.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92. [1795.

of south latitude, and shall there bona fide carry on the said fishery, and shall not return till after the expiration of fourteen calendar months from the day on which they cleared out, but before the thirty-first day of December in the second year after their clearing out, to some port in Great Britain, there shall be paid and allowed four hundred pounds to each of such ships or vessels which shall so fail and arrive, within the times herein-before last mentioned, with the greatest quantity of oil and head matter taken together, being not less in the whole than twenty tons, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the seas, and taken and killed by the crew of such ship or vessel.

V. And be it further enacted, That for eight other of such ships or vessels which shall be fitted and cleared out, and shall fail within the times herein before mentioned, and shall double Cape Horn, or pass through the Streights of Magellan into the South Seas, and carry on the said fishery during the space of four, months, to the westward of Cape Horn, in those seas, and shall not return to some port of Great Britain till after the expiration of sixteen calendar months from the day on which they cleared out, but before the thirty-first day of December in the second year after their clearing out, there shall be paid and allowed six hundred pounds to anyone of such last mentioned ships or vessels, which shall so fail and arrive within the times herein last mentioned, with the greatest quantity of oil and head matter taken together, being not less in the whole than thirty tons, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the seas, and taken

and killed by the crew of such voyage, either outward or homeward;

ship or vessel in the said, and there shall be paid'and allowed five hundred pounds to each seven of such ships or vessels last before mentioned, which shall so fail and arrive within the times herein last before mentioned, with the next greatest quantity of oil and head matter taken together, being not less in the whole than thirty tons, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the seas, and taken and killed by the crew of such ship or vessel in the said voyage, either outward or homeward.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the not be cleared owner or owners of any ship or vessel shall not be obliged to out specially clear out specially for the respective latitudes specified in this act, but shall be entitled to the premiums hereby granted, on comply^ ing with all the other conditions, regulations, and restrictions, imposed by this act.

VII/And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every such ship or vessel shall be navigated by persons, of

Vessels need

for the lati tuHes specified.

The master

arf, 3 whom the master and at least three fourths of the mariners are

his Majesty's fu'bjests, usually residing in Great Britain, Ireland, Guernsey, Jersey, or Man; or if such ship or vessel shall clear out from any port of Great Britain, then that such ship or vessel may be navigated by persons being protestants, and who, not

being

of the crew to be British fub jests, or if cleared from Britain, foreign protef-

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 9k., 3*7

being fubie&s of his Majesty, have been heretofore employed in tants Intend- J i r n J J 1 1 nn 1 c 1 ing to lettle m

carrying on the said fishery, and who mall, at the time or clear- grjtajn>

ing out of every ship or vessel on board of which they shall serve respectively, take the oath (or, being a quaker* shall make a declaration) of fidelity and allegiance to his Majesty, and also shall make oath (or, being a quaker, shall make affirmation) before two or more of the principal officers of the customs, of which the collector is to be one, at the port where such ship or vessel shall so clear out, (which oath or affirmation they are hereby authorised and required to administer), if it is their first voyage from any port of Great Britain, that they have already established, or that it is their intention to establish themselves and their families in Great Britain, as inhabitants thereof, and subjects of his Majesty; and if it shall be their second, or any subsequent vpyage, that they actually have established themselves and their families in Great Britain, and have taken the oath (or, being quakers, have made a declaration) of fidelity and allegiance to his Majesty as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, __

That no premium granted by this act shall be paid or allowed to to^un_ any person or persons whatever, for or on account of any ship or less there is an vessel employed in the aforesaid fishery, unless such ship or vessel apprentice, in-shall have on board an apprentice indentured for the space ofthre^'ears0on three years, at the least, for every fifty tons burthen of such ship bcarYfoTeve-or vessel by admeasurement, every such apprentice not exceeding ry 50 tons the age of eighteen years, nor being under fourteen years, at the burthen, time he shall be so indentured, and having proceeded on and continued the whole of the voyage, both out and home, for which any such premium shall be claimed, unless such apprentice died or deserted in the course of the voyage; which facts shall and are hereby required to be verified by the oath of the mailer, the mate, and two of the mariners, belonging to such ship or vessel, unless by reason of some unavoidable accident, proof whereof shall be made to the satisfaction of the officers of the customs herein after mentioned, two mariners cannot be procured, and then by the oath of the master and mate, taken before two or more of the principal officers of the customs, at the port to which such ship or vessel shall return from the said fishery, (of which the collector is to be one), which oath they are hereby authorised and required to administer; and in confirmation also thereof, the proper officers of the customs belonging to the port to which such ships or vessels shall respectively return, shall, immediately after their return from such voyage respectively, visit every such ship or vessel, and muster the crew, and having satisned themselves therein, shall certify the same to the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively.

IXd And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Penal-: yof50l. if the master of any ship or vessel, or any other person or persons ?nmaster? fuf-whatever, to whom any apprentice or apprentices shall be in- ttce^to^uft1* dentured pursuant to this act, shall permit or suffer any such their service apprentice or apprentices to quit, leave, or depart, his or their before expira-

service, tioa term*

318 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92. [1795.

service, on any pretence whatever, except as herein after is provided, before the expiration of the term for which he or they shall be bound, every such master or other person shall forfeit and pay, for each and every offence, the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, in which no wager of law, no essoin, nor any more than one imparlance, shall be allowed: provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to inflict the aforesaid penalty, in any case where any apprentice or apprentices shall be legally discharged before a magistrate or justice of the peace, or shall be turned over from one person to another person concerned in either of the aforesaid fisheries, to serve the remainder of his time in such fisheries pursuant to the directions of this act: provided No premium also, and it is hereby declared, that no bounty or premium shall unless^hT^6^ or a^owec^ by virtue of this act in any case unless there

names of vef- ben the indenture or indentures of each and every

fels in which apprentice or apprentices who shall be indentured by virtue of apprentices this act, or who shall be turned over from one person to another, are inserted in Pursuant: to this act, the name or names of the ship or vessel, or indentures. ships or vessels, on board of which such apprentice or apprentices ' is or are bound to serve.

Apprentices X. And be it further enacted, That in case the time for which to be confi- any apprentice shall have been indentured to serve on board any dered as such ship or vessel employed in the said fisheries shall expire during thougehVtheire, voyage of such ftup or vessel, such apprentice shall be ac-indentures ex- counted and considered, to all intents and purposes, as an appren-pire during it. tice for the whole voyage, and shall on the ship's or vessel's return from the said fishery be mustered accordingly.

No premium

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That to be allowed no premium granted by this act shall be paid or allowed to any a person or persons whatever, on account of any ship or vessel em-larly keptfand ployed in the said fishery, unless a log book shall have been regu-delivered to larly kept on board such ship or vessel, in which log book the the collec- various situations and occurrences, respecting such ship or vessel, ^ms^he11^ during the whole course of the voyage, shall be inserted every portof arrival, day, and particularly the times when such ship or vessel shall have verified on*been in fight of land, distinguishing what land, and the bearings oath. thereof, and the supposed distances therefrom, and the soundings;

and also the time when and the latitude in which any whale, or other creature living in the sea, shall have been kilied, taken, or caught, by the crew of such ship or vessel; which log book, so to be kept as aforesaid, shall be delivered by the mafteff or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, at the time of his making a report of such ship or vessel, to the collector of the customs at any port in Great Britain, where such ship or vessel shall arrive, on her return from the said fishery, for his inspection and examination; and the said master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, together with the mate thereof, shall jointly and severally verify on oath the contents of such log book before such

collector,

3l9

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92.

coll eft or, who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The log book in case any such ship or vessel shall, in the course of her voyage, tobeproduced meet or fall in with any of his Majesty's ships or vessels of war, the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or com- war that may mand of her, shall and is hereby required to produce to the cap- be met at sea, tain, or other officer commanding such ship or vessel of war, the who shall said log book, so to be kept as aforesaid; and such captain or ^imo^nTom commanding officer shall, and is hereby required to make a me- Qfthe produc-morandum in such log book of the day on which it was so pro- tion; and to duced to him, and shall subscribe his name to such memorandum, the British and shall also make an entry in the log book of the said ship or vessel of war, of the name and description of the ship or vessel on for the like*board of which the logbook of such ship or vessel, so produced to purpose. and signed by him, was kept; and in case such ship or vessel, on board of which a log book is required to be kept as aforesaid, shall put into any foreign port, where there is or shall be a British consul, or other chief British officer, the matter or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall and is hereby required to produce such log book to such British consul, or other chief British officer, who shall and is hereby required also to make a memorandum therein of the day on which it was so produced to him, and shall, in like manner, subscribe the same.

XIXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the matter, mate, and two of the mariners, belonging to Oath to be eveLy such ship or vessel, unless by reason of some unavoidable *g*k* e accident, proof whereof shall be made to the satisfaction of the produce of officers of the customs herein after mentioned, two mariners can- creatures kill-hot be procured, and then the matter and mate, shall, and are ecl. by the hereby required, upon the importation into Great Britain of any n1^ s crcW* oil or head matter as being taken on the fishery aforesaid, to declare upon oath, before two or more of the principal officers of the customs at the ports of their arrival respectively, of which the collector shall be one, (which oath they are hereby authorised and required to administer), from what port, and the time when, such ship or vessel cleared out, and that all such oil or head matter, so imported, is the produce of one or more whale or whales, or other creatures living in the seas, actually and bona fide taken and killed by the crew of such ship or vessel only, at the times, and in the latitudes respectively mentioned, and let down in the log book so to be kept as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That PeiTonstaking in case the matter, or other person having or taking the charge camo of cypher or command of any ship or vessel whatever, fitted out as afore- VeiP-Is for \he said, for the purpose of obtaining some one or other of the pre- purpose of ob-miums granted by this act, shall knowingly receive or permit, tahiing a pre-or suffer to be received on board such ship or vessel, for the pur- ^o\mQne0r*elt pose of obtaining any one of the said premiums, any oil, head moiety to the matter, or any other produce whatever, of any whale or whales, informer, if u or information

>20

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92. [1795.

be given In a or other fish or creatures living in the Teas, which whale or re°ort a the w^a^es> or other creatures hying in the seas, shall not have been custom-house. rea^y an(^ona side caught and taken by the crew of such ship or vessel only, such matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds; one moiety of which sum shall, on recovery thereof, be paid to the person or persons discovering the same, provided such person or persons shall give information of the offence within one month after such master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall have reported his ship or vessel at the custom-house at the port to which such ship or vessel shall return from the said fishery; which matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, is hereby required to make such report in the usual time, and in the manner in which all trading ships or vessels are reported before the proper officers of the customs; and the owner or owners of such ship or vessel shall, and uccn ivcii ls aile^ ar£ hereby authorised and required, in case, at the time owners to pay such information shall be given, any sum or sums of money shall money due to be due from him or them to such master, or other person having matters to the or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, to keep and detain such sum or sums or money, and to pay the same (towards discharging the said penalty) to the collector or other principal officer of the customs at such port to which such ship or vessel shall so return from such fishery; and if such owner or owners shall pay any sum or sums of money to, or shall otherwise account for, such sum or sums of money with any master or other person having or taking the charge or command of any such ship or vessel, before the expiration of one month after the report shall have been so made at the custom-house as aforesaid, and such master or other person shall be liable to the penalty aforesaid, such owner or owners shall make good such sum or sums of money so paid, or otherwise accounted for, and shall pay the same towards discharging the aforesaid penalty into the bands of the collector, or other principal officer of the customs, in manner before directed.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the seas, shall be caught or taken in any part of the ocean, to the north-

When information has been given

collectors of the customs; and if paid otherwise, to be accountable for the same.

Produce of whales caught in particular latitudes on the voyage, to ward of the equator, by the crew of any of the fifteen ships or be deemed vessels to which premiums are given in manner before mentioned,

an tit ^en 01 to nort^ward of the thirty-sixth degree of south latitude,

titling to a by the crew of any of the five ships or vessels to which other prepremium. miums are also given, in manner before mentioned, or in any part of the Atlantic Ocean by the crew of the eight ships or vessels, going round or doubling Cape Horn, either on the voyage out or return home, of any such ship or vessel, the oil or head matter produced' from such whale or whales, or other creatures so caught or taken, shall be accounted, and considered, and taken to be part of the quantity of oil and head matter required to be taken and imported as aforesaid, to entitle the owner or owners of such ship or vessel to some one of the premiums herein-before granted;

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92. 321

provided it shall appear by the log book of such ship or vessel, so kept as aforesaid, that such ship or vessel hath actually failed beyond, and been bona fide employed in the fishery, either to the southward of the equator, or to the southward of thirty-iix degrees of south latitude, or during the space of four months to the westward of Cape Horn, as the case may be.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Commission-in case all and every the several rules, regulations, and restrictions, prescribed and directed by this act, shall have been observed or(jcr pay-and fully complied with, it shall and may be lawful for the comment of the missioners of his Majesty's customs in England, or any four or premiums, more of them, and the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs in Scotland\ or any three or more of them, to order the receiver general of his Majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, to pay out of any money in his hands, arising by any duties under their management, to such person or persons as shall be legally entitled thereto, 2ny of the premiums hereinbefore granted.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Ho premium That no premium granted by virtue of any act or acts of parlia- lef^laimed ?ri ment for the encouragement of the southern whale fishery, shall alimited time, be paid or allowed to any person or persons whatever, for or on account of any ship or vessel. employed in the said fishery, unless the premium shall be claimed within two months from the time of the crew being mustered inwards, by the proper officer or officers of the customs, and such claim shall be made in writing, by application from the owner or owners of every ship or vessel, to the commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, and also, unless it shall, within one month, after such time for making the claim, be made appear that the re-quifites of law have been complied with.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any ship or vessel, employed tec^tVfril^o" in carrying on the said southern whale fishery, to fail and pass the eastof for that purpose to the eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, and Good Hope, to the westward^of Cape Horn, or through the Strefghts of Ma- ^c-gellan j any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Restrictions in ship or vessel failing to the eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, their course. for the purpose aforesaid, shall not fail or pass to the northward

of the equator, nor make more than fifty-one degrees of east longitude from London; and that any ship or vessel so failing or puffing to the west ward of Cape Horn, or through the Str eights of Magellan, for the purpose aforesaid, shall not, either to the northward or southward of the equator, make more than one hundred and eighty degrees of west longitude from London.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Ships failing ship or vessel employed in the said fishery, and intending to fail

or pass to the east ward of the Cape of Good Hope, or to the weft- taj?cda

ward of Cape Horny or through the Str eights of Magellan, shall, licence from

' Vol. XL. Y before the India company.

322 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92, [1793.

before (he shall proceed on her vdyage, be obliged to take a licence for each respective voyage, from the court of diredfors of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for the time being, in the name and under the seal of the said company, specifying which of the said voyages such ships shall be licensed to perform, and such licence shall be valid and ? h^ch^f^ch°n es<^: ua1i only for voyage therein expressed; and the said lieciiceslire to court of directors shall not be required to grant any licence to be granted. pass to the e aft ward of the Cape of Good Elope, to more than ten flaips or vessels in any one year or season, or to grant any licence to any ship or vessel to fail or pal's to the eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, unless the person or persons applying for, or demanding such licence, shall deliver to the said court of directors a manifest or certificate under the hand of the collector or comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs belonging to the port or place from whence such ship or vessel is intended to clear out and fail, verified by the oath of the owner or owners, or the mailer of such ship or vessel, taken before and attested by any magistrate, or other person authorised by law to take affidavits, specifying the names and places of abode of the owner or owners, and master of the said ship, and also the species, quantity, quality, and value of all goods then on board of such ship or vessel, and of all goods (if any) intended to be afterwards taken into, or on board of the same, before her departure outwards; and also unless it jshall, by such manifest or certificate, appear unto the said court of directors, that no goods or merchandizes whatever save and except the stores of such ship or vessel, and the tackle, materials, and other things necessary for the purpose of the voyage) are taken, or intended to be taken, into or on board of such ship or vessel.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority India com pa- aforesaid, That the united company of merchants of Englmd to grantli- trading to the East Indies, shall not be required or obliged to cenceto fail grant any licence, for any ship or vessel to fail to or pass within round the the limits of their exclusive trade round the Cape of Good Hope, HoPeunkfS0d until the owner or owners of such ship or vessel, or the major bond be given Part of such owners, if there shall be more than one owner, shall with certain have entered into and executed a bond to the said united corn-conditions. pany in the penalty of two thousand pounds, with a condition to

be thereunder written for payment to the said united company, of the sum of one thousand pounds as a forfeiture to the use of the said united company, over and above the forfeitures and penalties herein-mentioned, in case any goods or merchandizes whatsoever (other than and except the stores of such ship or vessel, and the tackle, materials, ancf other things, necessary for the purpose of the voyage) shall be taken into or put on board such ship or vessel for or upon her outward voyage; or in case such ship or vessel shall have taken on board, in any part of the voyage homeward, before her arrival in Great Britain, any goods or merchandize of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of the East Indies, or any islands, ports, havens, coasts, cities, towns, or places,

between

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92. .323

between the Cape of Good Hope, and the Streights of Magellan, to the value of one hundred pounds or upwards, computing the same according to the value in England, except such provisions, flores, or clothing, as it may at any fme during the voyage have become necessary for the said ship's crew to take on board for the sole use of the said crew.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any fhlp or vessel to Ships Ming

be employed in the said southern whale fishery, to the eafhvard oreir

of the Cape of Good Hope, or the westward of Cape Horn, shall having im-proceed or go beyond the limits herein-before specified or expref- proper mer-fed, unless driven or forced beyond the same by stress of weather, chandize on^ or other inevitable accident, or being so driven or forced, shall to the*pernl-not return back within the limits herein-before prescribed, with ties oftrading as much convenient speed as the safety of the ship or other cir- to the East curnftauces will admit; or if any ship or vessel shall depart from Indies without any port or place without having first obtained such licence as, lcence* aforesaid, and shall go or be found beyond the Cape of Good Hope,

or beyond the Streights of Magellan, or in any other place within the limits of the said company's exclusive trade; or if any ship or vessel, being so licensed to proceed to the fishery beyond the Cape of Good Hope, shall have on board, or shall take on board before her return, any manufactures, goods, or merchandize, other than and except such as shall have been specified and described in and by such manifest or certificate, and other than and except the oil, head matter, or bone of whales or other fish or creatures caught or taken in carrying on the said fishery; every such ship or vessel, and the goods, merchandizes, and effedfs, on board the same, and the owner and owners, masser and crew thereof, shall be deemed and taken, to all intents and purposes, to be subject to the several provisions, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, by any act or acts, made or imposed upon any person or persons, or their ships, vessels, goods, merchandizes, and effects, who shall repair, fail, adventure, or go to, or trafsick, trade, or be found in the East Indies, or other place or places within the limits of the said united company's exclusive trade, without licence having been firfb obtained from the said company; and the offenders shall and may be sued and prosecuted, and the penalties and forfeitures incurred shall and may be recovered, in any court of justice in Great Britain or in the East Indies, wherein suits may be instituted and brought for offences committed against the said acts, or any of them.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, any thing That in case anything shall be done by any ship or vessel licensed

as aforesaid, or by the owner or owners, master or crew thereof, ai, the own-in any way respecting the rights and privileges of the said united ers of the ship company, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, not entitled to the owner or owners of the said ship or vessel shall not afterwards cem: efrora the be entitled to require, nor shall the said united company be oblig- company, ed to grant or give to them or any of them, any future licence for the same, or for any other ship or vessel, to proceed within the limits of the said company's exclusive trade.

3^4 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92. [1795.

[Ships touch

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any ship or lensTma* be" to ^cen^ by the said united company as aforesaid, shall

examined, a^d touch at the island of Saint Helena, or shall be found within the unlicensed limits before described, it shall and may be lawful to and for the goods ieized. governor of Saint Helena, the commander of any ship or vessel belonging to or in the service of the said company, or any person authorised or deputed by them respectively, or to and for any agent specially authorised or deputed for that purpose by the said company, and residing at any place within the limits before described, to search and examine such licensed ship or vessel, to fee if any goods or merchandizes shall be on board her contrary to the provisions of this act; and in case any such goods or merchandizes shall be found in or on board of such ship or vessel on such search or examination, the same shall be forfeited to the said united company, and the owner or owners, and master, of the said ship or vessel, shall be liable to all other penalties and forfeitures for trading contrary to the said company's charters; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said united company, and the persons aforesaid on the behalf and for the use of the said company, to seize and take away such goods and merchandizes to and for the use of the said united company, and to fend them home to the said united company, or to sell and dispose thereof to the use of the said company, as they shall think fit.

Certificates to And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

be delivered to That within thirty days next after the return of any ship or vef-the secretary fel from a fishing voyage to the east ward of the Cape of Good Hope, of the East the master of such ship or vessel shall deliver, or cause to be deli-Cthat"no verec^ to t^ie secretai7 of the said united company, for the use of produce of the the said court of directors, a certificate under the hand of thecol-East Indies has ledtor or comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs, belong-been import- ing to the port or place where the said ship or vessel shall arrive, verified by the oath of the said master, taken before and attested a premium.^any magistrate or other person authorised by law to take affidavits, that no goods or merchandizes whatever of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of any place or places in the East Indies, China, or elsewhere between the Cape of Good Hope and the Str eights of Magellan, except oil, head matter, or bone of whales or other fish, ambergris, or seal skins, have been taken on board such ship or vessel during the said voyage; but in case any such goods and merchandizes shall have been taken on board the said ship or vessel during the said voyage, then the said certificate shall specify the \species, quantity, quality, and value, of all such goods and merchandizes, and the cause or reason of taking the same on board; and the owner or owners of such ship or vessel shall not be entitled to any bounty under the authority of this act, until such certificate as aforesaid shall have been delivered to the said secretary, and such delivery shall have been proved by a production of his receipt for the same.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every ship or vessel intending to navigate within, or frequent any part of the Teas comprized in the boundaries of the

'exclusive

Ships failing within the

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92. 325

exclusive trade of the South Sea company, as described in and by limits of the

an act of the ninth of her late maiefly Queen Jnne> shall, before n rtn, r / 3^, Tit company,

(he mall proceed on every such voyage, be obliged to take a mup- have li-

licence for such voyage from the governor and company of mer- cence from chants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other parts the company, of America, and for encouraging the fishery; and every vessel navigating such Teas, without such licence, shall be liable to such forfeitures and penalties as are created and enabled by the said abb; any thing in this abb to the contrary thereof in anywise not with (banding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said ships or vessels which Ships may be shall be so fitted and cleared out as aforesaid, for the purpose of furnished with doubling the Cape of Good Hope or Cape Horn, or passing through armsand^ the Streights of Magellan, not being of less than two hundred tons oT?cenoe°n burthen, to be properly furnished with arms and ammunition, for from the ad-refilbence and defence; provided the owner or owners of such miralty. ships or vessels, before clearing out, shall obtain a licence from the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral for the time being, authorising the same.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the of ^dmumty for executing the office of lord high admiral for the time being, is fUCh licences and are hereby authorised and empowered to grant such licence on certain for arming, in such cases as to him or them shall seem fit and conditions, proper; provided that there shall have been exhibited to him or them a certificate under the hands and seals of the commissioners of his Majesty's cufboms, (which certificate they are hereby authorised and required to give), testifying that such ship or vessel is entered out for the purpose of doubling the Cape of Good Hope or Cape Horn, or passing through the Streights of Magellan; and provided also, that the owner or owners of such ship or vessel shall have entered into a bond, with two sufficient sureties, in the sum of one thousand pounds, with condition that such arms and ammunition shall not be used for any unlawful purpose, but merely for refinance and defence in cases of involuntary holldity.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no ship or vessel whatever shall be entitled, within or dur- No ship cn*

ing the periods of time respectively limited by this abt for such to more n? rrri r-1 1 J r r i than one pre-

imp or vessel to laii on and to return from such voyage, to more mjum

than one of the premiums hereby granted, although such ship or same season.

vessel shall make two voyages within any one of the periods

aforesaid.

XXX. And be further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That No premium no premium whatever, granted by this act, shall be paid and ah ^3°^ lowed to the owner or owners of any ship or vessel which shall cleared out clear out after the first: day of January in the year one thousand after Jan. 1, seven hundred and ninety-six on the said fishery, unless it shall 179^ unless, appear, by certificates from the proper officers of the customs, ^Ve b^nvifi-that such ship or vessel was visited, and the crew by them respect tedon clearing

Y 3 lively out, &c;

nor-uni eft re-giitcred.

If water be mixed with the oil, Sec. imported it ill all be forfeited, as well as the claim to premium.

In case of dispute the owner to piove the purity of the oil.

The quantity of oil, Scc. imported to

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92, [1795.

tively muttered, as well before the clearing out of such ship or vessel for the said fishery, as on her return to any port in Great Britain; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwith- Handing.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no ship or vessel which, after the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety six, shall be fitted or cleared out for the said ttfhery, shall be entitled to any of the premiums granted by this act, unless such ship or vessel shall have been duly registered pursuant to the terms and directions of an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the further increase and encouragement of flipping and navigation.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, upon the return of every ship or vessel from the fisheries aforesaid, in which ship or vessel any oil or head matter shall be imported, and on account of which importation any of the premiums herein-before granted shall be claimed or demanded, in case there shall be any reason to suspect that such oil or head matter is mixed with water, or any other material or materials, in order to increase the quantity thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the collector, or other principal officer or officers of the customs, at the port to which such ship or vessel shall so return, to nominate and appoint, and such collector, or other principal officer or officers, is and are hereby required to nominate and appoint, one or more (as the case may require) skilful person or persons to examine such oil or head matter, for the purpose of ascertaining whether such oil or head matter has been mixed with any water, or any other material or materials whatever, (other than oil or head matter so taken as aforesaid), whereby the quantity of such oil or head matter is increased; and if it shall appear, upon such examination, that there has been mixed with such oil or head matter any water, or any other material whatever, whereby the quantity of such oil or head matter is increased, the owner or owners shall not be entitled to any of the premiums granted by this afte; and over and above the loss of the premium, such oil or head matter, so mixed as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs; and if any dispute shall arise whether there hath been mixed with such oil or head matter any water, or any other material or materials whatever, not being oil or head matter so taken as aforesaid, whereby the quantity of such oil or head matter is increased, then, and in such case, the proof thereof shall lie on the owner or claimer of such oil or head matter, or on the person or persons claiming the premium on account of the importation of such oil or head matter, and not on the officer who shall seize or prosecute the same.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That before any of the premiums granted by this act shall be paid or allowed to any person or persons whatever, the exact quantity of oil and head matter taken together, imported in such

ship

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92. 327

ship or vessel, shall be truly ascertained by the proper officer or be ascertained officers of the customs, and such quantity shall be certified by O^ecustoms them to the commissioners of the customs in England and Scot- ancj certified*land respectively, to thecom-

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, missioners.

That no harpooner, line manager, or boat fteerer, belonging to No harpoon-any ship or vessel, fitted out on the aforesaid fishery, shall be im- F> be

pressed from the said service, but shall be, and is hereby privileged

and exempt from being impressed, so long as he shall belong to and be employed on board any ship or vessel whatever in the fishery aforesaid.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no boat used as and Whole boats commonly called a JVloale Boat, belonging to any ship or vessel not liable to employed in the said fishery, shall be liable to seizure for or on Countofbuilt, account of her built, dimensions, or construdiion, provided, on the if used only return of such ship or vessel from the fishery, such boat shall be in the fishery. laid up by the owner thereof, in such place or places as shall be

approved of by the principal officer of his Majesty's customs of the port at which such ship or vessel shall arrive, and shall not be employed or made use of in any way whatever but in the said fishery.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or Forty foreign-persons, not exceeding forty families, not being subject or subjects of his Majesty, who has or have been heretofore employed canTed° in carrying on the said whale fishery, and being the owner or on the whale owners of any ship or vessel, and intending to reside together fishery, com-with his or their families (not exceeding forty families in the'j^S^oMiltord whole) in this kingdom, for the purpose of continuing to carry j^g ^to reside on such fishery from thence, shall, on or before the thirty-first in the king-day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, dom, and come to the port of Milford, in the county of Pembroke, with his bringing not or their family or families, and shall bring any ship or vessel, or any number of ships or vessels, not exceeding twenty in the before Jan. 1, whole, to the said port of Milford, built before the first day of 1795, may be January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and manned p^mittea Severally with any number of seamen dr fishermen, not less than ^certainL twelve in number, having been heretofore employed in carrying conditions; on the said fishery; and it shall be made appear to the satisfaction of the commissioners of his Majesty's customs, or any four of them, by the oath (or affirmations of the people called Quakers) of such owners respectively (which oath or affirmations the said of, or the principal officers in the'new port of MiU ford, or any two of them, the collector being one, are hereby respectively authorised and empowered to administer), and by other means, that he or they have been fp employed in carrying on the said fiffiery for three years previous to his or their arrival; apd that he or they, together with his or their family, (if any they shall have), are then actually resident in this kingdom; and that twelve such seamen, or fiftiermen, at the least, are brought into Great Britain in every such ship; and the same shall be certified by the said of to his Majesty; it shall and may be

32S Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92. [1795.

lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by and with the advice of his privy council, to allow the cargoes of oil or head*matter, and fins, or other parts of animals frequenting the leas, imported in any such ships or vessels, not exceeding twenty in the whole which shall arrive from afishing voyage, tobe admitted to entry on payment of the same duty as oil, head matter, and fins of British lishing, and to allow any goods, furniture, and flock, which shall be necessary to their whaling out fit, and which shall be part of the property of the said owner or owners imported in any such ships or vessels, and arriving from the late residence of the said owners, to be admitted to an entry without payment of any duty whatsoever; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding: provided always, that the owner or owners of such ship or vessel as shall be allowed to enter a cargo on the British inllead of the foreign duty, shall give bond to the commissioners of the customs to the full amount of the disterence between the two duties, that he or they will reside during three years in Great Britain, and will not absent himself or themselves from the kingdom during that term without leave of his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, except on the r, «.r prosecution of a fishing voyage from and to this kingdom, ted out from

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or Milford for a persons not being a subject or subjects of his Majesty, and whaling voy- being the owner or owners of any ship or vessel so admitted to re"iftereds entl7 as aforesaid, shall fit out the said ship or vessel for a whaling British ones voyage from the port of Milford, in the county of Pembroke, and on the owners shall go before some justice of the peace for the said county of Pembroke, or before the principal officer of his Majesty's customs in the new port of Milford, and shall take the oath of allegiance to his Majesty, and shall obtain a certificate of his having taken such oath, which oath and certificate such justice of the peace, and officer of the customs respectively, are hereby authorised and required t6 administer and give, on payment of no greater fee than two shillings, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, to order such ship or vessel to be registered, and to have a certificate of regiflry in the same manner as any British ship or vessel; and every such ship or vessel shall, during the time that such owner or owners shall continue to have his or their residence, together with his or their family or families, within this kingdom, or during the time that such ship or vessel shall be owned by any natural-born subject or subjects of this kingdom, and shall be duly registered, enjoy all the privileges and advantages, and be entitled to all the bounties and premiums, granted to any British ship or vessel employed in the whale fishery, subject nevertheless to the same rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures; and every such person and persons shall have and enjoy the rights, privileges, and advantages, of natural-born subjects of Great Britain, in like manner, and subject to the like disabilities, as the same may be

0, granted to aliens by a .'becial act of parliament: provided always.

Such owners^t r, J^, r r«r r«CP

to make oath t'iat owner or owners, not being a subject or subjects of his Majesty,

taking the oath of allegiance.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92. 329

Majesty, shall prove in the manner directed in an act passed in a e^e/^I[°*e the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act^ m

aftt for the further increase and encouragement of shipping and navigation, by taking the oath, or making, if a quaker, the declaration herein after mentioned, indead of the oath required by the said act, that he or they is or are foie owner or owners of such ship or vessel 5 and shall also conform to all the other regulations respecting regidry contained in the said last mentioned act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said oath or ^followin declaration, before directed to be taken by the owner or owners, form> proprietor or proprietors, of any such ship or vessel, shall be in the form and manner following, as far as the same is applicable to each or either of them:

I A.B. of [place of residence and occupation], do make oath [or do declare] that the ship or vessel [name] of [port or place] whereof [rnader's name] is at present master, being [kind of built, burthen, &c, as described in the certificate of the luryeying officer], was [when and where built, and when and where it came into this kingdom]; and that I the said A.B. [or the other owners names, and occupations, if any, and where they reflectively reside, videlicet, town, place, parish, and county, or if member of and resident in any fadory in foreign parts, or in any foreign town or city, being an agent for a partner in any house cr copartnership, actually carrying on trade in Great Britain or Ireland, the name of such fadory, foreign town, or city, and the names of such house or copartnership], am [or are] foie owner or owners] of the said vessel, and that no other person or persons whatever hath or have any right, title, interest, Share, or property, therein or thereto, and [if ^British subject], that I the said A.B.[and the said other owners, if any], am or was [or are or were] truly and bona fide a subject [or subject s] of Great Britain; and that I the said A,

B. have not [nor have any of the other owners, to the best of my knowledge and belief] taken the oath of allegiance to any foreign fate whatever, [except under the terms of some capitulation, describing the particulars thereof]; or that, fence my taking [or his or their taking] the oath of allegiance to [naming the foreign Hates reflectively to which he or any of the said owners shall have been subject or subjects], and prior to the pajfeng of an act, in the twenty -fexth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled An act for the further increase and encouragement of shipping and navigation,

I have [or he or they hath or have] become a subject [oy subject s] of Great Britain, [either by his Majesty's letters patent, as a denizen or denizens, or naturalized by act of parliament, as the case may be, naming the dates of the letters of denization, or the ad: or acts of parliament for naturalization respectively]; or [as the case may be] I have [or he or they hath or have] become a denizen or denizens, or naturalized subject or subject s, as the case may be] of Great Britain, by his AT j fly's letters patent, or by an act of parliament pajfid fence the firs day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, [naming the times when such letters of denization

have

0r$ p

r»*/*n

33°

Persons grant ing or using fili'e certificates, or counter eiting certificates, forte it 5 ooi.

Howpenalties are to be appropriated.

[General issue.]

[Treble costs.]

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 92.

[179

have been granted respectively, or the year or years in which such act or acts of naturalization have passed respectively], or [if not a British subject] that I A.B. and the other owners, if any, being a J abject or subject of so me foreign fate, [specifying the state], have come into and am [or are] new ref dent in this kingdom, [describing the particulars thereof as to the place and date], and intend to refute therein, and have taken the oath, or, being a qua!: cry have made a declaration, of fidelity and allegiance to his majesty the King. of Great Britain, [describing the times when, the place where, and before whom taken], and that no foreigner, not having complied with the conditions above-mentioned, directly or indirectly, hath any fare, or part, or interest, in the said ship or vefjeL

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatever shall knowingly give or grant any false certificate or certificates, for any of the purposes required or directed by this act, such person or persons shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, and be rendered incapable of serving his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in any office whatever: and if any person or persons shall counterfeit, erase,

alter, or falsify, any certificate or certificates required by this act, or shall knowingly or willingly make use of any false certificate or certificates, or of any certificate or certificates so counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified, such person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds \ and every such certificate or certificates shall be invalid and of no effect.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That one moiety of the penalties and forfeitures inflicted by this -act (except in such cases where other directions are given by this act) shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such officer or officers of the customs as shall sue or prosecute for the same in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively, where the offence shall be committed.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons whatever, for any thing done in pursuance of this act, the defendant or defendants, in such action or suit, may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by the authority of this act: and if it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or shall discontinue his action, after the defendant or defendants hath or have appeared; or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as defendants have in other cases by law.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 93. 331

CAP. XCIII.

An act for guaranteeing the payment of the dividends on a loan of four millions six hundred thousand pounds to the emperor of Germany. —

[June 22, 1795.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by a convention signed between your Majesty and the? reamble, emperor fl/'Germany, bearing date the fourth day of May one Convention thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, it was agreed that, in order to assisi the efforts which his Imperial Majesty was desirous of making, the'emperor and to facilitate to him the means of bringing forward the resources of oi Germany of his dominions in the defence of the common cause, your Majesty en- May 4, 1795, gaged to propose to your parliament to guaranty the regular payment ^rieclte<* the half-yearly dividends on the sum of four millions six hundred thousand pounds fierling, which was or ivas to be reified on account of his Imperial Majesty, on the terms and in the manner specified in two engagements or o£irois annexed to the fold convention that is to say,

That every contributor should, for every one hundred pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the principal sum of eighty-three pounds six shillings and eight-pence, bearing interefi at the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, redeemable at par; and also an annuity of five pounds, to continue for a certain term of twenty-five years, from the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and then to cease; the said interefi and annuities to commence from the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and to be paid half-yearly at the bank of England; videlicet, On the first day of May and the first day of November in every year by equal portions: and vohereas the subscribers to a loan of eighteen millions for the present year have likewise agreed to advance and lend, unto his Imperial Majesty, the whole of the aforesaid sum of four millions six hundred thousand pounds, on the terms and conditions above referred to or expressed; and have agreed to advance the same, provided the regular payment of the dividends to grow due thereon shall be guaranteed by parliament: and whereas we, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, have refolded that prevision be made for guaranteeing the payment of the dividends on the said loan of four millions six hundred thousand pounds, on account of the emperor, conformably to the said convention: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every contri- Contributors butor towards raising the said sum of eighteen millions, raised by to the loan.by virtue of an act of the present section of parliament, intituled An c

all for raising the sum of eighteen millions by way of annuities, shall^may Tub- be entitled to subscribe towards the said loan to the emperor, for ferihe to the every one hundred pounds agreed to be contributed and paid loan to the em-towards raising the said eighteen millions, the sum of twenty-five pounds eleven shillings and one penny, and one third part of paying the in-

a penny; terestand an-

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 93. [1795.

miidto, the same to be paid at the bank, and charged upon the consoli-tiatec! fund, but not till fiihscriptions to both loans

lures p< o cuced.

a penny; and that, on default of payment of the ihterefl and annuity stipulated to be paid on the part of the emperor, as herein is mentioned, on the first: day of May and the first: day of November in every year, agreeably to the dividend certificates to be annexed to the said debentures and annuity bonds, the amount of such dividend certificates shall be paid to the respective holders at the bank of England, on the fifth day of July and fifth day of January, and thac the payments so made at the bank of England, are completed, in consequence of such default on the part of his Imperial Ma-and deben- jesty, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon, and made payable- out of, the consolidated fund, and the same shall be payable and paid at the bank of England on the days herein after mentioned; that is to say, Such of the said dividends wherein default shall be fomade on the first: day of May in any year, and shall remain unsatisfied on the fifth day of July next eniuing, shall be payable and paid at the bank of England on the fifth day of July next ensuing such default: and such of the said dividends wherein default shall be so made on the first: day of November in any year, and shall remain unsatisfied on the fifth day of January, shall be payable and paid on the fifth day of January next ensuing: provided always, that no such payment shall be made until the respective contributors towards both the said loans of eighteen millions and four millions six hundred thousand pounds, shall have completed the whole of the respective sums by them subscribed for the purchase of the said several annuities, nor until the person or persons entitled thereunto shall have deposited, or shall produce, from time to time, at the bank of England\ the debenture or debentures, annuity bond or annuity bonds, for securing his, her, or their, share or interest in the principal sums or annuities on the said loan of four millions six hundred thousand pounds.

Bank to pro-

II. And be it further enacted, That, in the office of the ac-f y^nterin^ coantant general of the governor and company of the bank of debentures5 Englandior the time being, a book or books shall be provided and

and annuity kept, in which the debentures and annuity bonds, to be issued by bonds, and a the bankers or agents for his Imperial Majesty, shall, after be-bc trmiftnitted countersigned by or by the authority of the said accountant

to the auditor general, be fairly entered, specifying the number and sum of each of theexche- debenture and annuity bond, and the name or names of the per-quer. son or persons in which the said debentures and annuity bonds

have been filled up; and the said accountant general shall, on or before the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, transmit an attested duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the said book or books, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, there to remain.

Agents of the

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful

emperor may for the bankers or agents of the emperor to advance and pay, to bank the^divi t^le or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank

dends due on of England, before or on the first: day of May and the first: day of the loan, and November in every year, the dividends to grow due on the whole shall deliver Of the loan of the said four millions six hundred thousand pounds.

or

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 93. 333

or such part thereof as shall--not have been redeemed or paid off by accounts of the emperor, for the purpose of satisfying the dividends to grow half^ear due on those days respectively, or to advance and pay to the said Xy'f &Cm Jnd^f cashier or cashiers such part of the said dividends as shall have the whole di-been remitted to them, or shall be in their hands for that purpose vidends be not and shall also, on each day appointed for payment of such dividends as aforesaid, deliver to such cashier or cashiers an account thefameTo the in writing, signed by them, of the amount of the sums to grow directors due at the end of such half year on such loan, and of the deficiency which shall be (if any) in the sums remitted to them, or in their hands, for the transmitted to purpose aforesaid, together with the amount of the principal sums y

and interest thereon, which the emperor may have redeemed or caQfe the de-repurchased of the said loan, in pursuance of the provisions con- ficiency to be tained in the convention before mentioned; and if the whole of issued from the half-yearly dividends shall not be paid, to the said cashier or d^redfund* cashiers, on or before the day on which the same shall be payable 5

to the respective contributors, their respective executors, administrators, successors or affigr.s, according to the ffipulations before mentioned, the said cashier or cashiers shall, on the day next afterwards, certify the same to the governor and company of the bank of England, which certificate shall be by them transmit.ted under their seal to the Commissioners of his Majesty's t re a fury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being; and the said commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, oi; the lord high treasurer for the time being, shall, and they and he are and is hereby empowered, in pursuance of such certificate, to cause to be issued, within the time herein-before limited, to the governor and company of the bank of England, out of the eonfo-lidated fund, in case the necessary provision shall not, in the mean time, be made on the part of his Imperial Majesty, the amount of the deficiency so certified, receiving from the said governor and company the tallies or certificates of the sums so paid on account of such dividends, according to the intent and meaning of the convention between his Majesty and the emperor before mentioned, in order that his Majesty may be enabled to recover the same, with interest, in the manner therein specified.

IV. And be it further enaffect, That the Commissioners of the Treasury to

treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, shall cause lay before par-, to be prepared, and shall lay before both houses of parliament, the C"

within fourteen days after the commencement of every fefffon, sums

an account of the total sums from time to time issued and applied, and what has by virtue of this act, towards paying and satisfying the dividends been repaid by to grow due on the said loan of four millions six hundred thou-^emPeror* land pounds, or any part thereof, and also an account of all sums repaid by or recovered from or on behalf of the emperor by reason of such advances, together with the interest paid or recovered thereon.

V. And whereas, in pursuance of the said convention certain debentures and annuity bonds are to be issued in the name of his Imperial Majesty, by his said Imperial Mojejlf s bankers or agents ref dent in this kingdom, for fscuring the principal sums^interest, and annuity on

the

334 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 93. [1795.

Debentures the said loan; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be

bon LTfftied for the governor and company of the bank of England\

in the name upon the said debentures or annuity bonds, or any part or parcel of the tmpe* thereof, being lodged at the bank of England, to authorise and ror, may be direct their accountant general for the time being to keep books, barfb^n w^ere*Q the persons so depositing such debentures and annuity -transferred bonds, or any of them, shall be credited for the amount of the interest, according to the principal sums contained in the said debentures, and of the annuities contained in the said annuity bonds, and wherein all alignments or transfers of the principal sums, interest, and annuities, of the debentures and annuity bonds respectively so deposited, or of any part or parcel thereof, shall be entered and registered in such manner as the said governor and company shall direct, which entries shall be signed by the parties making such alignments or transfers, or, if such parties be absent, by their respective attorney or attornies, thereunto lawfully authorised, in writing, under his, her, or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses \ and that the several persons to whom such transfers shall be made shall respectively underwrite their acceptance thereof by themselves, or by their respective attorney or attornies, thereunto lawfully authorised as aforesaid, and that no other method of aftigming and transferring at the bank of England the principal sums, interest, and annuities of the debentures and annuity bon els* that shall be so deposited at the bank of England, or any partNor parcel thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good or available in law for the purpose of claiming or demanding any dividend, interest, or annuity, for or on account of such debenture or annuity bonds as shall be deposited at the bank of England as aforesaid.

No stamp du-

VI. And be it further enacted, That no stamp duties whatso-char^ed'for ever c^arge(^ 011 any foid debentures or annuity

debentures bonds, nor on any of the alignments or transfers thereof, at the &c. bank of England, nor on any receipt given for or upon the payment of the said loan, or any part thereof, or of the interest, annuities, or dividends, to grow due thereon; any lav/ or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

'fornin-deb n-

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons tures^annm'ty forge: > counterfeit, or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, bonds, letters counterfeited, or altered, or wilfully act or a Hi ft in the forging, of attorney, counterfeiting, or altering, any debenture or debentures, annuity &c* bond or annuity bonds, purporting to entitle any person or persons,

or body politick or corporate, to any principal sum or the interest thereon, or any annuity or dividend for or on account of the said loan of four millions six hundred thousand pounds, or any part thereof, or by virtue of this act, or shall wilfully deliver to, or deposit with the said governor and company of the bank of England, any such forged, counterfeited, or altered debenture or debentures, annuity bond or annuity bonds, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with intention to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body

politick

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 93* - 33

politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever, or shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly or wilfully act or affiff in forging or counterfeiting, any letter of attorney, or other authority or instrument, or any indorsement on any such debenture or debentures, annuity bond or annuity bonds, to transfer or assign any such debenture or debentures, or annuity bond or annuity bonds, as aforesaid, or any principal sum or sums placed in the name of any person or persons whomsoever in the books of the bank of England, as herein mentioned, or any part of such sum or sums, or to receive any such interest, annuity or dividend, as aforesaid, or any of them, or any part thereof, or of any of them, or shall forge or counterfeit, or shall cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or wilfully act oraffiffin forging or counterfeiting, the name or names of any of the proprietors of any of the said de* bentures or annuity bonds, or of any of the said principal sums, interest, annuities, or dividends, or any part thereof, or of any of them, in or to any such pretended letter of attorney, indorsement, authority, or instrument, or shall knowingly and fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have or receive, any such principal sum or sums, or any part thereof, or of any of them, or any such annuities, interest, or dividends, or any of them, by virtue of any such counterfeited or forgeddetter of attorney, indorsement, authority, or instrument, or shall falsely and deceitfully personate any true and real proprietor or proprietors of any firch debenture or debentures, annuity bond or annuity bonds, or of any of such principal sums as aforesaid, or of any part thereof, or of any of such annuities, interest, or dividends as aforesaid, or of any part thereof, and thereby assign or transfer, or endeavour to assign or transfer, the said debenture or debentures, annuity bond or annuity bonds, or any of them, or the said principal sums or any of them, or any part thereof, or of any of them, or thereby receive or endeavour to receive any of the said annuities, interest, or dividends, or any part thereof, or of any of them, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick cr, corporate, or any person or persons whomsoever, or shall forge, counterfeit, of alter, or C3ufe or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, any warrant for payment of any annuity, interest, or dividend, herein mentioned, or any indorsement on any warrant for payment of any such annuity, interest, or dividend, or shall offer, dispose of, or put-away, any such forged, counterfeited, or altered warrant, for payment of any annuity, interest, or dividend, as aforesaid, or any warrant, for such payment, with such forged, counterfeited, or altered indorsement thereon, or demand the money therein contained, or any part thereof, of the said governor and company of the bank of England, or any their officers or servants, knowing such warrant for payment of any such annuity, interest, or dividend, as aforesaid, or the indorsement on any such warrant for payment of any such annuity, interest, or dividend, as aforesaid, to be forged, counterfeited,

336 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 94, [1795.

terfeited, or altered, with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England^ or any body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whomsoever, every person or persons so offending shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall Suffer death as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy.

CAP. XCIV.

An act for establishing a more erf and expeditious method for the punctual and frequent payment of the zuages and pay of certain officers.belonging to his Majesty's navy.

[June 22, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it would tend greatly to the comfort and ac comma-

dation of certain officers in his Majesty's navy if a more cafy and expeditious mode was establishedfor the payment of their wages or pay; be it therefore enacted by the King's mold excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and Officers, raaf- by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of ters, and fur' this add, it shall and may be lawful to and for every commissioned pay" when officer, master, and surgeon, in the naval Service of his, Ma-

pointed to jeSly, his heirs and successors, being on half pay, and who

Ships, may shall be appointed to command or Serve on board any Ship or receive their vessel of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, after receiving his corn million or warrant of appointment, to apply to the Commissioners of his Majesty's navy for an order from them upon the treasurer of the navy to pay Such officer the arrears of half pay that may be due to him at the time, providing no imprefi Hands against him; and the Said of of the navy, or any three of them, shall, upon Such application being made to them, and being Satisfied that Such officer has been appointed as aforesaid, and that no imprefi (lands against him, or that Such imprefi is cleared and Satisfied, make out, or cause to be made out, an order upon the treasurer of the navy for the arrears of half pay due to Such officer, and upon Such order being presented, together with the usual affidavit and other documents in Such cases required, by the person in whose favour the Said order is drawn, or by his lawful attorney or assigns, to the treasurer of the navy, he shall immediately, if Satisfied of the identity of the person presenting the same, or of the authority of the instruments- upon which the same shall be claimed, pay, or cause to be paid, at the pay office of the navy, the Sum in Such order contained.

Officers on

II. And be it enacted, That any commissioned officer in the appointments nava] service of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, having no apply for"1^ imprefi Standing out against him, a certificate of which he shall three months obtain from the of of the navy, may apply, if the pay in ad- Ship or vessel to which he shall have been So appointed as afore- vance> &c* said shall be in the river Thames, to the Said of of the navy, or to the resident commissioner, if Such Ship or vessel shall be at any of the out ports where a commissioner resides, for an order upon the treasurer of the navy, to pay him the amount of

three

1795, l Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 94. 337

three months personal wages or pay in advance; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of of the navy, or any three of them, or for the said resident commissioner of the navy, if satisfied of the grounds of such application, to grant such order upon the treasurer of the navy, for three months personas wages or pay as aforesaid; and upon such order being presented to the treasurer of the navy at his office in London, or to his clerks at any of the out ports, the same shall be immediately paid to the person in whose favour it shall have been so made out as aforesaid: provided always, that if such officer appointed as aforesaid shall again be put upon half pay, from what cause soever, and before the end or expiration of three months after his being so appointed, and having received payment as aforesaid, of three months personal wages or pay in advance, the same shall be placed as an impress against his growing half pay for the amount of the sum that may have been so advanced as aforesaid, or for such part thereof for which he shall not have served upon full pay.'.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall Officers, maf. and may be lawful to and for every commissioned officer, mailer, terS} ar*dfur-and surgeon, in the naval service of his Majesty, his heirs and taainf*nriceaC" successors, who shall be upon actual service, and be entitled to may draw bill the full pay of such service, at the end and expiration of every for their pay-three months, or of every six months, or of every twelve months, after certain or of any longer period, as to such commissioned officer, master, peno s* and surgeon, shall appear proper, to draw, or cause to be drawn, a bill, or set of bills, of the same tenor and date, in duplicate or triplicate, as the case may require, upon the Commissioners of his Majesty's navy, for the net amount of the personal wages or pay that shall appear to be due to him; which bill, or set of bills, shall {fate the rate or description, and name, of the ship or vessel to which such officer shall belong, and his llationon board of the same, and also the full amount of the personal wages or pay which shall be due to him and the period for which such wages or pay shall have accrued or become due, together with the amount of the usual deductions and abatements, and other deductions which shall appear upon the ship's muster books, to which the same shall be liable, and the net residue of the personal wages or pay so to be drawn for; and which bill, or set of bills, being numbered and dated, shall be of the form and tenor directed in a schedule herein contained, or to the like effect: provided always, that such commissioned officer, mailer, or surgeon, shall not be permitted, under any authority by this act given, to draw such bills upon the Commissioners of his Majesty's navy for the first three months after he shall have received the three months advance hereby authorised to be paid to him upon his entering on board his ship. ... Officers, &c.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any when they commissioned officer, mailer, or surgeon, shall purchase dead dl men's cloaths, or otherwise incur any debt, which shall or may debts from.^Vol. XL. Z he their bills.

338 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 94. [1795.

be chargeable against his wages or pay, -such debts or such charges shall not be put or stand as a deduction to be made from his servants pay, or from any pay which may be allowed him as a compensation for servants pay, but shall be put and stand as a deduction, and shall be deducted from his own personal wages or pay, whenever he shall draw as aforesaid upon the Commissioners of his Majesty's navy.

Captains to V. And be it enacted, That if the officer drawing for his per-b^nfonl^ite *ona^ waSes or Pay as aforesaid, shall be a lieutenant, master, or nknts See. " surgeon, the captain or commander of the ship or vessel to which such lieutenant, master, or surgeon, shall belong, shall, at the bottom of such bill, or set of bills, subscribe his name, and also the word approved, 5 in token of his knowledge of such lieutenant, master, or surgeon, being justly entitled to draw for such net amount of personal wages or pay.

Officers, &c.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when

on removal and so often as any commissioned officer, master, or surgeon, as

from ships, ^aforesaid, shall be removed from any ship or vessel, to any other their pay^ i^1 or ve^el in the service of his Majesty, his heirs and succes-three months fors, it shall and may be lawful to and for such officer to draw, or are due. cause to be drawn, a bill, or set of bills, as aforesaid, upon the Commissioners of his Majesty's navy, for the personal wages or pay that shall be due to him for the time he shall have served in the said ship or vessel from which he shall be so removed, up to the day of his entering on board the ship or vessel to which he shall be so removed, if such time shall amount to the space of three months or more; which bill, or set of bills, shall contain the same specifications as herein-before directed in cases of officers drawing bills, and continuing in their ships; and if such officer be a lieutenant, master, or surgeon, the captain or commander of the ship or vessel to which such officer shall belong, shall, at the bottom of such bill, or set of bills, subscribe his name, and the word approved, 5 in token of his knowledge of such lieutenant, master, or surgeon, being justly entitled to draw for such net amount of his personal wages or pay.

Captains sent

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when to (ickquar- and so often as any captain or commander shall be sent to Tick draw for\heir (luarters? and shall remain in such quarters for a longer space pay at the ex* than six weeks, it shall and may be in the power of such captain piration of fix or commander to draw, or cause to be drawn, a bill, or set of weeks. bills, as aforesaid, as the case may be, upon the of

of his MajestyVnavy, for the net amount of the personal wages or pay that shall be due to him to the day of the expiration of six weeks from and after his having been sent to flick quarters as aforesaid; which bill, or set of bills, shall contain the same spe*-cifications as are herein-before in other cases directed.

When lieute-

VIII. And be it enacted, That if a lieutenant, master, or nants, &c. are surgeon be sent to flek quarters, the captain or commander of quitos^cap. t^le or ve^ to which he shall belong shall make out, or cause tains to make to be made out, an extract from the books of the same, specifying

the-

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 94. 339

the name and rate or description of such ship or vessel from out an extra# 'which such lieutenant, matter, or surgeon, shall be so sent to -JP^ Tick quarters, with his ttation on board, and the amount of the following personal wages or pay due to'him at the time, and also the deduc- form, tions to which the same are liable, and the date of his leaving the said ship or vessel; which extract the said captain or commander shall flgn and certify, and the same, being written or printed, shall be of the form and tenor following, or to the like effect:

1 ft rate, [Britannia^ lieutenant Thomas Bowling'] sent to sick quarters July 1, 1794.

' Full pay from May r, to July 1, 1794 — £.

Amount of deductions per ship's books — £.

Net pay £.

4 Certified by

4 A B. captain of the 4 [Britannia.] 9

And the said extract, fc^ing so made out, signed, and certified, to be delivered shall be delivered to such lieutenant, matter, or surgeon, sent to to the o: fficer* sick quarters as aforesaid.

IX. And) if such lieutenant, master, or surgeon^ shall remain in sick quarters for a longer time than six weeks, be it enacted, That If the officer the physician or surgeon having superintendance of the sick quar- remain in sick ters to which the said lieutenant, matter, or surgeon, shall have ^hanfix/weeks, been so discharged as aforesaid, shall, on the back of such ex- the physician tract from the ship's books, make out, or cause to be made out, or surgeon to at the end of the said six weeks from and after the time that such ind°rie on tIie

I^extract

lieutenant, matter, or surgeon, shall have been so discharged tificate; n the from his ship, a certificate which shall specify the time that he following shall have been under the care of such physician or surgeon at lick form., quarters; which certificate, being written or printed, dated and signed, shall he of the form and tenor following, or to the like effect:

[Haflar], April 12, 1795.

4 These are to certify, that (lieutenant Thomas Bowling) of his Majesty's ship the [Britannia] was received into this hospital on the day of, and not being cured,

still remains under my care.

' c. dA ^fician} of '

I burgeon 3

X. And be it enacted, That such lieutenant, matter, or fur- Such officer geon, having obtained such certificate on the back of the extract p^weekfma herein-before directed, it shall and may be lawful to and for him, Jraw^for hia at the end of the said period of six weeks, to draw, or cause to pay, his bills

x % be being subscribed as herein mentioned*

Captains removed to another ship, before three months pay are due, may draw bills at the expiration of three months from last payment.

When lieutenants, &c. are so removed, captains to make out an extract, as in case of being sent to lick quarters, and

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 94. [1795.

be drawn, a bill, or set of bills, as aforesaid, upon the Commissioners of his Majesty's navy, for the net personal wages or pay due to him for the time he belonged to' the ship or vessel from which he was discharged to sick quarters, to the day of the expiration of six weeks from and after his having been lent to Tick quarters as aforesaid; which bill, or set of bills, shall be dated from sick quarters, and shall contain the same specifications here-in-before directed in cases of officers drawing bills, and continuing in their ships; and the captain or commander of the ship or vessel to which such lieutenant, master, or surgeon, last: belonged, if such ship or vessel shall (till remain upon the same station, shall, at the bottom of the said bill, or set of bills, as the case may be, subscribe his name, and also the word approved, ' in token of his knowledge of such officer being justly entitled to draw for such net amount of personal wages or pay; but if such ship or vessel shall have left the said station, it shall and may be lawful to and for any captain or commander of any ship or vessel in his Majesty's navy to subscribe his name, and the word 'approved9as aforesaid, at the bottom of the said bill, or set of bills, in token of his having examined the extract from the ship's books, and certificate of the physician or surgeon, herein-before diredfted to be made out, and of his belief that such officer is justly intitled to draw for such net amount of his personal wages or pay,

XL. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any captain or commander shall leave any ship or vessel in the service of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and remove or be removed to another ship or vessel, ships or vessels, when there shall be leis than three months pay due to such captain or commander, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said captain or commander, at the end or expiration of the period of time which will complete the space of three months from the time that he shall have been last paid, or have drawn for his personal wages or pay as aforesaid, to draw a bill, or set of bills, upon the of of the navy, for the personal wages or pay that shall be due to him for the period of his service on board of the ship or vessel from which he had been first removed, as well as for the period which he shall have served on board the ship or vessel, ships or vessels, into which he shall have been so removed as aforesaid; which bill, or set of bills, shall distinguisti the periods of time that such captain or commander shall have served on board of each of the aforesaid ships or vessels, and shall contain the same specifications as are herein-before in other cases diredfted.

XII. And be it further enacted, That when any lieutenant, master, or surgeon, shall be removed from any ship or vessel in the service of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to another ship or vessel, ships or vessels, when lefts personal wages or pay shall be due to him than for the space of three months, the captain or commander of the ship or vessel from which he shall be so removed as aforesaid, shall make out, or cause to be made out,

an

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 94. 5.41

an extrabl from the books of such ship or vessel, which shall con- at the end of tain similar specifications with the extracts herein-before directed fromeach1^'3 to be made out with respebf to lieutenants, matters, or surgeons>-payim€n^ the when sent to sick quarters; and it shall and may be lawful to and officer may for such lieutenant, matter, or surgeon, at the end and expiration draw for hi* of the period of time, which shall complete the space of three months from the time that he shall have been latt paid, or shall have drawn for his personal wages or pay as aforesaid, to draw, or cause to be drawn, a bill, or set of bills, as aforesaid, upon the of of the navy, for the personal wages or pay that shall be due to him, as well for the period of his service on board the ship or vessel from which he had been first removed, as-for the period which he shall have served on board the ship or vessel, ships or vessels, to which he shall have been so removed; which bill, or set of bills, shall specify the period of time that such lieutenant, matter, or surgeon, shall have served on board of each of the aforesaid ships or vessels, and shall contain the same specifications as are herein-before in -other cases directed; and the captain or commander of the ship or vessel to which such officer shall have been latt removed, shall subscribe his name, and the word 'approved; 5 to such bill, or set of bills, in token of his having examined the extract or extradls herein-before directed, to be made out, and otherwise approving such lieutenant's, matter's, or surgeon's, having drawn such bill, or set of bills, as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if Penalty for any commissioned officer, matter, ' and surgeon, shall knowingly drawing for and wittingly, with an intent to injure and defraud the publick, Pa^ not ue' draw, in manner as is herein-before specified, for his personal

wages or pay, when personal wages or pay to the amount of the sum so drawn for shall not be due and owing to him, every such commissioned officer, matter, and surgeon, knowingly and wittingly drawing for his personal wages or pay without being justly entitled so to do by having so much personal wages or pay due to him, shall forfeit all his compensation pay, and shall moreover be cashiered, and be rendered ever after incapable of holding an office, civil ojr military, under his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

XIV. And be it enacted, That all such bills as are herein- Bills to bfc after described and directed to be drawn by commissioned officers, drawn at 10 matters, and surgeons, upon the Commissioners of his Majesty's days fight, and navy, shall be drawn payable ten days after fight, and shall be tufsofex- negociable by indorsement, in the same manner as bills of exchange, change are negociable and transferrable by indorsement or indorse-

ments thereon.

XV. And be it also enacted, That as soon as such bills, or Bills to be ex-any of the parts thereof, shall be presented to the said commis- amin-ed at th sioners of the navy, together with the extracts from ships books, and affiened ?ind certificates made by physicians or surgeons of lick quarters, for payment in every case where such extracts and certificates are hereinbefore required and directed to be made, they, or any three of

z 3 them.

34z Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 94. [1795.

them, shall examine, or cause the said bills, and the said extract* and certificates, ip cases where they are granted, to be examined' and if they shall see no just cause why the said bills should not be assigned for the payment, shall note upon them the date when they were presented, and shall assign them upon the treasurer of the navy for payment; and for that purpose shall make out, or cause to be made out, at the bottom of such bills, an assignment, and shall address the same to the treasurer of the navy, and they shall also number and date the same, and they, or any three of Bills and af- them, shall sign such alignment; and the said bills and-assign-mttrefollow- ment>being written or printed, shall be of the form and tenor ingform. following, or to the like effect:

4 I ft rate, [Britannia, lieutenant Thomas Bowling,] entered July 1, 1794.

4 Full pay from October 1, to December 31, 1794 -

4 Amount of deductions -

4 Net pay - £.

4 [Barbadoes], April 12, 1795.

4 Gentlemen,

4 Ten days after fight (my 2d and 3d bill of this tenor and date not being paid), please to pay to John Bull, or order, the sum of being the net personal pay due to me as [ift

lieutenant] of his Majesty's ship [Britannia'] between October I,

and December 31, 1794, for value received.

4 Thomas Bowling

4 Approved,

c E. F. Captain of his Majesty's ship [ Britannia.].

To the of of his Majesty's navy,

4 London

4 ASSIGNMENT*

4 Navy office, May 30, 1795.

4 N° 1.

4 To be paid by the treasurer of his Majesty's navy out of 12 [£.20, 0003 received March 29, 1795, under the head of wages to pay officers,

4 G. H.

4 L K.

L. M.

By virtue of the a St of 35th of George the Third.

N. B+ The forging of this bill, or procuring any other person to forge the same, in order to receive any part of the wages or pay of any commissioned

officer.

Commissioners of the navy*

343

1795-.1 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 94.

officer, matter, or surgeon, in the royal navy, is ' made felony without benefit of clergy, by the a cl of 4 35th of George the Third/

XVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when Flag officers

any flag officer shall be entitled to draw a bill or bills under the mcJu f

\ P n r - 1, -rr r 1 table money

autnorrty of this act as «foreiaio, upon the commmioners or his in their bills.

Majesty's navy, for his personal wages or pay, he may, and he

is hereby allowed to include the allowance of table money which may be due to him at that time.

XVII. And., for more effectually and cor re Elly carrying into execution the purposes of this act be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and immediately after the passing of this act, two ledg- Accounts cur, ers shall be opened, and an account current kept* with every com- rent to by kept missioned officer, matter, and surgeon, who shall so receive monies ceived iiTad-" in advance as herein-before directed, to be paid to him upon his Yance,

entering to command or serve on board of any ship or vessel in

the service of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or draw for his personal wages or pay, as herein-before specified, one copy thereof to be kept in the office of the commissioners of the navy, and the other in the office of the treasurer of the navy; in which ledgers the Turns paid upon the several ordel? and bills hereinbefore directed to be made and drawn, and payments otherwise made in manner before mentioned, shall be carefully entered and charged against him; which entries and charges shall remain at his debit until he shall regularly pals his accounts for the ship or vessel, ships or vessels, in which he may have served agreeably e

to the present existing regulations, forms, and manner, in which the accounts of officers are required to be patted; and when the same are so patted as aforesaid, the of of the navy, or passed, tripli-any three of them, shall make out, or cause to be made out, Cate certifi-three certificate^, being triplicates of each other, which shall be cates to be of the tenor and form now prablifed and distinguished by the made out, &c. name of General Certificates; and one triplicate of such certificates shall be delivered or transmitted to such officer, or to his agent; another triplicate shall be lodged in the office of the commissioners of the navy, where such account current as aforesaid shall be kept; and the third triplicate shall be transmitted to the office of the treasurer of the navy.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such to

general certificates shall specify and ascertain the net amount of amount due personal wages or pay which shall appear to be due to the officer to the officer, to whom or to whose agent it shall be delivered or transmitted as which shall be aforesaid, and the of of the navy, or any three of lS

them, shall direct such amount to be carried to the credit of such

officer's account current before described in the ledger, which shall be kept in the office of the treasurer of the navy as before directed, as well as in the ledger which shall be kept in their own office.

XIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer of

treasurer of his Majesty's navy shall immediately pay, or cause to a£

3 4 ke signsd.

be received from the receiver general of the land tax, &c.

344 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 94. ['79^<'

be paid, oat of the monies which he may have in his hands to pay officers, all such bills as are herein*before described, which shall have been drawn by commissioned officers, masters, and surgeons, in the service of his Majesty, upon the commissioners of the navy, and which shall have been duly assigned for payment by them upon him.

Officers half

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That pay, pensions, from and after the passing of this act, if any commissioned or cSiontoThe warrant naval officer, who shall be entitled to receive half pay, treasurer of or if any widow of any commissioned or warrant officer of the the navy, may navy, or other person entitled to receive half yearly or annually any pension on the ordinary estimate of the navy, or if any widow, parent, or child, of any naval officer, seaman, or marine, who shall have been {lain in fight with the enemy, and shall be entitled to his Majesty's nioft gracious bounty, payable by the treasurer of the navy, shall be desirous to receive and be paid his half pay, or his or her pension, or his, her, or their bounty, from any receiver general of the land tax for any county, riding, or city, collector of the customs at any port, collector of the excise for any collection, or cleric of the cheque at any dock yard in Great Britain, near to the place of his, her, or their residence}

1 it shall and may be in the power of such commissioned or warrant naval officer on half pay, widow, or other person or persons aforesaid, to apply at the time or times of issuing such half pay or pension, (of which due notice shall be given by the Commissioners of his Majesty's navy in the London Gazette), or at such time or times when any such person or persons as aforesaid shall be entitled to receive such bounty, by letter to the treasurer of the navy at his office in London, to have such half pay, pension, or bounty, respectively payable to him, her, or them, paid by such receiver general of the land tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the cheque, as he, she, or they, shall specify; and such commissioned or warrant naval officer on half pay, and such widowx or other person or persons receiving any half pay, pension, or bounty, as aforesaid, shall, along with such letter of application, transmit to the treasurer of the navy, the usual affidavit to be made by him, her, and them, or by others in the like circumstances with the other vouchers and documents which have usually been required to be produced, or as at present are presented and practised in similar cases when any naval half pay, pension, or bounty, for relations fiain in fight with the enemy is paid, and such commissioned or warrant naval officer, widow, or other person or persons, shall repeat such application, and shall transmit such affidavit, documents, and vouchers, each and every time that he or she shall be so desirous to have such half pay or pension, paid to him or her in manner before mentioned. Treasurer to '

XXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if mak^ouMifts the said treasurer of the navy, after having received such letter ons^ncTfor- application, and having examined, or having caused to be ex-ivard them to amined, such affidavit, documents, and vouchers, and finding the the comm if- same to be right, he shall cause a list to be made out of all such sioners of the persons

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 94* 343

persons who shall have To applied to him, which he shall forward to the of of the navy, and shall specify and describe their respective claims.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That such rrommissioners Commission-shall cause such lift to be examined, and shall require such tresurer to produce the affidavits, certificates, documents, or vouch- amjnet] Szc. ers, or any of them, which they may judge necessary, and shall and two redirect him to take such other steps or shall themselves use what- mittance bills, ever means they may judge proper to ascertain the justness cf to be made such claims, and being satisfied therewith, they shall give infor- or Um* mation to the treasurer of the navy of the respective allowance or sum or sums to which such commissioned or warrant naval officer, widow, or other person or persons, shall each and respectively be entitled to receive; and they shall direct the treasurer of the navy to make out, or cause to be made out, two remittance bills for fhat part of the half pay, pension, or bounty, as aforesaid, then due and payable to such commissioned or warrant naval officer, widow, or other person or persons, which laid two remittance bills shall be duplicates of each other, and shall be joined together by oblique lines, flouristies, or devices, and shall be made payable to such commissioned or warrant naval officer, widow, or other person or persons by the receiver general of the land tax, colleger of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the cheque, in terms of his or her request, signified as aforesaid, to whom the said remittance bills shall be addressed; and the said remittance bills, being numbered ^nd dated, shall be signed by a commissioner of the navy, and shall bd attested by a person or persons to be appointed by the treasurer of the navy to collect and arrange the aforesaid affidavits, certificates, and vouchers, to prepare such remittance bills, to keep the imprest ledger herein-before directed to be, kept in the office of the treasurer of the navy, containing the accounts current with the officers who may draw for their personal wages or pay, and who shall otherwise officiate for the rreasurer of the navy, under his direction, in carrying the whole of the business herein-before directed, as far as relates to his office, into effect; and such remittance bills, being written or printed, shall be according to the tenor and form following, or to the like effect:

'No 1. day of Form of re-

mittance bills*

c Sir,

c Pay to N. O. of on her J producing and delivering

c the duplicate hereof, the sum of being for the I pension" I

i bounty J

on the day of last, if the same

v be demanded within six calendar months from the date hereof,

1 otherwise

34-6 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 94, [1795.

otherwise you are to return this bill to the treasurer of the navy c at the pay dice of the navy.

4 P* Commissioner of the navy,

4 (Attested) R. S. Treasurer's clerk.

c To the receiver general of the land tax for the county of '

4 The collector of the customs at the port 4 of

VTbe Collector of the excise at The clerk of the cheque at '

4 By virtue of the act 35th George the Third.'

4 AT. B. The Forging of this remittance bill, or procuring, any other person to forge the same, in order to re- ceive any part of the monies hereby payable, is made felony without benefit of clergy, by the act 35th 4 George the Third.'

One And as ^oon as^kills are f° made out, signed, and attested,

b^trinsmitted l^e Person to ke appointed by the treasurer of the navy shall cut, to the person or cause them to be cut, asunder through the oblique lines, flou-to whom pay- rishes, or devices, and shall cause one duplicate to be transmitted able and the to the person named therein, to whom the money shall be made theperson1 to Payable, and the other duplicate to be transmitted to the receiver whom addref- general of the land tax, collector of the customs, colle£Fo, r of the fed; excise, or clerk of the cheque, to whom the same shall be ad-

and on pro- dreffect, and if the duplicate of such bills shall be produced by the bill by^he^ Person to whom the same shall be made payable to such receiver person to general of the land tax, collector of the customs, collector of the whom made excise, or clerk of the cheque, to whom the same shall be ad-payable, with- dressed, within six calendar months from the date thereof, he shall fromth^date care^u^y examine the same with the duplicate already transmitted the same to be to him as aforesaid; and being satisfied of the authenticity thereof, and of the identity of the person producing the same to him, he shall immediately pay the same to such commissioned or warrant naval officer, widow, or other person or persons named therein, to whom the money shall be payable, without fee or reward, or deduction, on any pretence whatever, taking a receipt for such payment on the back of the bill; which bill, and the duplicate thereof, being transmitted by the person who shall pay the same to the of of the navy, shall be immediately assigned for payment by any three of them, and shall be immediately repaid by the treasurer of the navy to such receiver but if not ro §enera^an<^ tax> c°ke£tor of the customs, collector of the

duced within' exc^e5 or clerk of the cheque, or his order; but in case the du-that period, plicate of such bill shall not be so produced and payment thereof the duplicate demanded within six calendar months from the date thereof, then to the^reall^receiver general of the land tax, collector of the customs, furerof the colie&or of the excise, or clerk of the cheque, shall return the tyavy, &c. duplicate

paid without fee, and repaid by the treasurer of the navy;

347

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 94.

duplicate thereof in his hands to the treasurer of the navy at the pay office of the navy, London, who shall cause the same to be cancelled, and thereupon the sum contained in such bill, shall become payable to the person or persons in whose favour the same was drawn, or to his, her, or their lawful representatives, in cases where he, (lie, or they, shall be dead, in the same manner as if such bill had never been issued.

any receiver general of the land tax, collector of the custom9, cates^re^d collector of the excise, or clerk of the cheque, to whom the du- dressed have plicate of the bill hereinbefore directed to be made out and not money in addressed to him as aforesaid, shall be tendered for payment, dial] hand, they not have in his hands publick monies sufficient to answer the same, dav for^T*and shall for that reason refuse or delay the immediate payment memt°witlnn a thereof, such receiver general of the land tax, collector of the cuf- month, .&c. toms, collector of the excise, or clerk of the cheque, shall immediately indotfe on the said duplicate the date of its being so tendered to him, and the cause of his refusal or delay to pay the same, and shall appoint thereon, for the payment of such bill, some future day within the space of one month at the farthest from the date of its having been first tendered to him as aforesaid; and such duplicate, with the indorsement thereon, shall immediately be. delivered back to the person presenting the same; and Penalty for if upon complaint made to the respective of appoint- wilfully delay -ed, or to be appointed, to manage the said several duties of the in^Payra^nt» land tax, customs, or excise, or to the of of the navy, feCg*if the person complained of be a clerk of the cheque, it shall appear that such receiver general of the land tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the cheque, hath unnecessarily and wilfully refused or delayed the payment of such bill, or directly or indirectly, by himself, or any person under him, received or taken any fee, reward, gratuity, discount, or deduction whatsoever, on account of the payment of the same, it shall and may be lawful to and for any three or more of the said of to convict and fine the person so offending under their respective direction, in any sum not exceeding fifty pounds, according to the nature and degree of the offence; and such fine shall be levied and recovered in such and the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as any conviction may be made, and any penalty or fine levied and recovered, for any offence against any law by which any duty of customs or excise is imposed or laid) and the said fine, when recovered, shall be paid to the informer or informers.

XXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if Bills to he such commissioned or warrant naval officer, widow, or other per- ^er^of oersons son or persons, to whom the remittance bill before mentioned is unable to at-made payable, shall be prevented and disabled by bodily infirmity tend from bottom appearing im person before the said receiver general of the dily infirmity, land tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the cheque, and such bodily infirmity beings properly and satisfactorily certified by the minister and a churchwarden or

elder

34§

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 94. [1794.

When an act shall be passed in Ireland for payment of certificates ifined by the of of the navy, add re field to the commit -sioners of the revenue in Ireland, the treasurer to transnfit a list 6f appliants to the com-rriissioners of the navy.

elder of the parish where, he, she, or they reside, or by the physician surgeon, or apothecary, attending him, her, or them, then, and in such case the sum contained in the said bill shall be paid to the order in writing of such commissioned or warrant naval officer, widow, or other person or persons, upon producing or giving up to such receiver general of the land tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the cheque, such certificate of bodily infirmity as aforesaid, together with the duplicate of the said bill, and the proper receipt on the back of the same, signed by the person or persons in whose favour the bill shall have been drawn payable, and witnessed by the person who shall receive the money.

XXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as soon as an act shall be parted by the legislature of the.kingdom of Ireland, making provision for payment in that country of any certificate irtucd by the Commissioners of his Majesty's navy, in favour of any commissioned or warrant naval officer entitled to naval half pay, widow, or others, entitled to pensions payable out of the ordinary estimate of the navy, or bounty payable to the relations of naval officers, seamen, and mariners, flain in fight with the enemy, and addressed to the of of the revenue in Ireland, it shall and may be lawful to and in the power of such naval officer, widow, or other person or persons, to apply at the time or times of issuing such naval half pay or pension, of which due notice shall be given by the of of the navy, in the London Gazette, or, when such relations shall be entitled to receive such bounty, by letter to the treasurer of the navy, at the pay office in London, and shall desire to receive a certificate to entitle them to receive the half pay, pension, or bounty respectively due to him, her, or them, paid loy any collector or officer of the revenue in Ireland, that he, she, or they, shall specify; transmitting at the same time, to the treasurer of the navy, the usual affidavit, certificates, documents, and vouchers, in manner herein-before directed, in cases of naval officers, wi-

dows, and others, claiming similar payments to be made in Great Britain; and if the said treasurer of the navy, after having received such letter of application, and having examined or caused to be examined such affidavit, certificate, documents, and vouchers, shall find the same to be right, he shall cause a list to be made out of all such persons who shall have so applied to him, which he shall forward to the of of the navy, and shall specify and describe their respective claims. ersTo^cause*

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That such of shall lifts to be ex- cause such lift to be examined, and shall require such treasurer to amined. See. produce the affidavits, certificates* documents, and vouchers, and two re- or any Gf them, which they may judge necessary, and shall direct tobe made S to ta^e ot^eir steps, or shall themselves use such means, out in the fol- as they may judge proper, to ascertain the justness of such claims, lowing form, and being Satisfied therewith they shall give information to the treasurer of the navy of the respective allowance, or other sum or Turns which such commissioned or warrant naval officer,

widow*

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 94, 349

widow, or other person or persons, shall each and respectively be entitled to receive, and they shall direbb the treasurer to make out two remittance certificates, which shall be addrefifed to the of of the revenue in Ireland, which certificate shall be duplicates of each other, and joined together with oblique lines, flourishes, or devices, and shall be numbered and dated and signed by a commissioner of the navy, and attested by the person to be appointed by the treasurer of the navy; and such certificate shall specify and describe the name and place of abode of such commissioned or warrant naval officer, widow, or other person or persons vas the case may be, who shall be entitled to receive payment of the sum so specified by the of of the navy to be due to them respectively; and such remittance certificates, being written or printed, shall be of the tenor and form following, or to the like effect:

4 N° day of Form of re-

r.- f a lieutenant of his Majesty's navy, on half 1 ITlittance bill.

4 I hele are to certify, that ±.Jj4 pav, widow of a lieutenant in his Ma-

J L jesty's navy, or as the case may be. j

4 is entitled to the sum of sterling,

being on account of the \ ?c!ffiony > due to the said T, U, on the

0 L Eounty J

day of la ft, who has desired that the same may be paid by the { officer °of°f } at

4 if the same shall not be demanded within nine calendar months from the date hereof, this certificate to be returned to the of of the navy at their office in London.

(Attested) V, TV. Commissioner of the navy,

4 S. T. Treasurer's clerk.'

To the of of the revenue in Ireland

4 By virtue of the act thirty-fifth of Georgs the Third.'

N* B. The forging of this remittance certificate, or procuring any other person to forge the same, in order to receive any part of the monies to be made payable by any means thereof, is made felony, without benefit of clergy, by the act thirty-fifth of George the Third.'

And as soon as the said certificates shall be so made out, signed. One remit-and attested as aforesaid, the said person, to be appointed by the ^n^ansmitted treasurer of the navy, shall cut or cause them to be cut asunder t(J t^e person through the oblique lines, flourishes, or devices, and shall trans- to whom the mit, or cause to be transmitted forthwith, one duplicate to the money is due, person or persons nominated and specified in such certificate to be the commissioned, warrant naval officer, widow, or other miffi0riers of person or persons, to whom such half pay, pension, or bounty, of the revenue shall be due; and th.e other duplicate to the of of the in Ireland, revenue in Ireland

5d

by the irea-surer of the navy.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 94.

[179

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* Money paid in That as soon as an act shall be passed by the legislature of Ireland, tlficSes°lto^' makin§ pr°vifton for payment in that country of certificates repS/to the^ as aforesaid, by the commi Alone r$ of his Majesty's navy,

commifnoners in favour of any commissioned or warrant naval officer, widow, of the revenue or other person or persons as aforesaid, and addressed to the of of the revenue in Ireland, and the sum or films specified in such certificate or certificates shall have been actually paid by, or by the direction of, the of of the revenue in Ireland to the persons who shall be specified to be entitled t6 receive the same, such sum or sums shall be immediately repaid by the treasurer of the navy, who is hereby directed and required to pay the same to the said of of the revenue in Ireland., of to their order, upon the certificate upon which the acknowledgement of the receipt of such money shall be indorsed, together with the duplicate thereof, being produced to the treasurer of the navy; but in case the duplicates of such certificates issued by the of of the navy, or any of them, addressed to the of of the revenue in Ireland, shall not be presented and delivered by the person or persons who shall be entitled to receive the amount of the same, to the collector or revenue officer to whom If payment of it shall have been addressed in Ireland, and the payment thereof certificates be demanded within nine calendar months from the date thereof, in^nine1*111^tken> upon such certificates being returned by the of months, they of the revenue in Ireland, to the of of the navy, they shall be can- shall cause such certificates to be immediately cancelled, and from celled on be- and after the cancelling thereof the sum or sums contained in such mgieurne.certjficate or certificates shall accrue and belong to the person or persons in whose favour the same was made out, or to his, her, or their attorney or attornies, or to his, her, or their lawful representatives, in case he, she, or they, shall be dead, in the same manner as if such certificate had never been made out and issued. No deduction

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That to be mac^on all and every sum or sums of money, to be paid in consequence EdlsT&c °on any tke bills herein-before directed to be drawn, penalty of aol. or orders and certificates herein-before directed to be issued, shall be fully and completely paid to the person in whose favour they shall so respectively be drawn or made payable, without any deduction or abatement, under any pretence whatsoever, although part thereof may be in fractions of the smallest denomination; and every person detaining or withholding any part thereof under pretence of former privilege or usage of office, or upon or under any pretence whatsoever, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered in the same way and manner as any penalty or forfeiture in the collection of the duties of excise and customs is directed to be levied and recovered, and shall be paid to the person filing and prosecuting for the same.

XXIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all letters or packets lent by the person to be appointed by the treasurer

Packets for canning this into exe-

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 945 351

surer of the navy, to officiate under his direction, in carrying this cutiom to be

abt into execution and effect /n manner and form as herein isree0fP° a£e*

directed, shall, from and after the passing of this abt, be sent free

from the duty of postage; and all letters or packets relating to

the execution of this act, that shall be forwarded by such person

as aforesaid, shall be under covers, with the words pursuant to

act of parliament thirty-fifth of George the Third/ printed upon the same; and the said person to be appointed as aforesaid, shall

write his name under the words so printed, and he is hereby ftribtly

prohibited and discharged from enclosing or fend-ng under such

covers, any writing, paper, or parcel whatsoever, excepting such

as shall relate to the execution of this act; and if he shall fend or Penalty for

convey under the covers aforesaid, any writing, paper or pareel, fending any other than those relating to the execution of this act, he shall for PaP

every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, ]at; ng to this

and such fine shall be levied and recovered in such and the same ad.

manner, to all intents and purposes, as any conviction may be

made, and any penalty or fine levied or recovered, for any offence

against any law by which any duty of customs or excise is imposed

or laid; and the said fine, when recovered, shall be paid to the

informer or informers against such offender or offenders.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Orders, &c. order and orders, bill and bills, remittance bill and remittance paid by the bills, certificate and certificates, herein-before directed to be frea^U1

J'Kp 2*00(1

drawn and made out, and which shall be paid by the treasurer of vouchers, the navy in any manner as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken as good and sufficient vouchers to the treasurer of the navy for so much money as shall have been so directed to be paid on such order or orders, bill or bills, certificate or certificates, respectively, and as shall have been so paid by him thereon, and shall be allowed as such in passing his accounts.

XXXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That No order, &c. no order, bill, remittance bill, or certificate, that shall be made ^able to stamp or drawn under the authority of the powers by this abt given,

shall be subject or liable to, or charged or chargeable with any stamp duty, to which bills of exchange are by law subject and liable, or any stamp duty whatsoever; nor shall any person or persons receiving payment of the sum or sums of money drawn for, mentioned, or specified, in such orders, bills, or certificates, be bound or obliged to give a stampt receipt for the same, but a receipt or acknowledgement of payment, indorsed on such order, bill, or certificate, shall be held, deemed, and taken, as a sufficient release and discharge for the same, in all cases and courts whatsoever.

XXXII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, No bills drawn from and after the passing of this act, no bill or bills of what nature or description soever, drawn pursuant to or in the execution Senavy^&c. of the powers and authorities given by any former act' or abts of on the trea-parliament by the Commissioners of his Majesty's navy, or by the surer, liable to of for victualling his Majesty's navy, or by the com- duty, missioners for taking care of ftek and wounded leamen, or by the

com-

352,

Remittance bills, or tickets, pursuant to former acts, directed to the receiver of the land tax for London, Sec. may be directed to the tresurer of the navy.

Perfor s forging, See. orders, See. guilty of felo- ny.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 94. [1795.

of for managing the transport service, upon and payable by the treasurer of his Majesty's navy, shall be subject or liable to, or charged or chargeable with, any stamp duty to which bills of exchange are by law subject and liable, or any.stamp duty whatsoever5 nor shall any person or persons receiving payment of the sum or sums of money drawn for, mentioned, or specified in such bill or bills, be bound or obliged to give a stampt receipt for the same, but a receipt, or acknowledgement of payment, indorsed on such bill or bills, shall be held, deemed, and taken, as a sufficient release and discharge for the same in all cases and courts whatsoever.

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases, from and after the passing of this act', where any remittance bill, or ticket for the payment of money, is or shall be drawn or made out pursuant to and in the execution of the powers given by any former act or acts of parliament, and directed for payment to the receiver general of the land tax for the county of the city of London, or for the county of Middlesex, or any county within the bills of mortality of the city of London, the same may be directed for payment to the treasurer of his Majesty's navy, and such bill or ticket may and shall be paid and discharged by the said treasurer of the navy, and shall be allowed to him in the passing of his accounts, in the same way and manner as if such remittance bill, or ticket for the payment of money, had been directed to and paid by such receiver general of the land tax, and afterwards repaid to him by the Paid treasurer of the navy.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, if any person shall falsely make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly ad and assist in the false making, forging, or counterfeiting, any order, bill, extract, or certificate, herein-before described or mentioned, or shall utter and publi fh as true, any false, forged, or counterfeited order, bill, extract, or certificate, herein-before described or mentioned, knowing

the same to be false, forged, or counterfeited, for the purpose of defrauding the publick, or any commissioned officer^ master, or surgeon, of the navy, widow, ' or other person herein-before mentioned, of any wages or pay, half pay, pension, or bounty, payable to them or any of them respectively, every such person, being lawfully convicted thereof according to due course of lav/,

' shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

Admiralty to

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, direct the That the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or of 6f ike ^imvy'to ^or execut^ng t^ie °&ce of lord high admiral of Great Britain, shall deliver blank direct the of of the navy to deliver fuiiicient quantities bills, &c. and of blank bills and certificates herein-before directed to be made, the treasurer with sufficient instructions relative to the same, to all captains and abflra^ of commanders in the royal navy, and all other persons to whom the this act to be same are or shall be necessary; and shall direct the treasurer of the printed and navy to cause to be printed an abflrad of the provisions and regulations

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 95. 353

tions contained in this act, and to deliver or transmit a compe- transmitted to tent number of copies thereof to the principal officers and com- ^c^nofPthe missioners of the navy, to the commissioners of the customs and tl2LVy> &c. to of of the excise, in England and Scotland, and to the bepromul-clerks of the cheque in his Majesty's dock yards, who are hereby gated, strictly ordered and enjoined to hang up and affix the same in some conspicuous part of their respective offices, and to publiftl and promulgate the same as much as may be; and the said lord Admiralty to high admiral of Great Britain, or of for executing to^delivered the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, are further to captains. directed to cause a competent number of copies of the said abstract to be delivered to the captain or commander of every ship or vessel in the service of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the use of the said ship or vessel.

CAP. X(JV.

An act to enable boatswains, gunnery and carpenters, serving in his Majesty's navy, to allot part of their wages or pay for the maintenance of their wives and families, — [June 22, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an aSl was made in the present session of parliament, intituled An act to enable petty officers in the 35 Geo. 3. c0 navy, and seamen, non-commissioned officers of marines, and % 8. recited, marines, serving in his Majesty's navy, to allot part of their pay for the maintenance of their wives and families: and whereas it is reasonable that the provisions in the said act contained be extended to boatswains, gunners, and carpenters, in the royal navy: be it there-foreenacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this a<£i, it shall and extended and may be lawful to and for every boatswain, gunner, and car- to boatswains, penterv serving, or who shall hereafter serve, on board of any penter3. ship or vessel of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to allot one half of his monthly wages or pay for the maintenance of his wife, child or children, or mother; and every such boatswain, gunner, or carpenter, and the wife, child or children, or mother, of every of them, to whom such allotment shall be made, shall be, and is hereby entitled to the benefit cf all the powers, authorities, and provisions, in every article, matter, and thing, in the aforesaid aspecified, and subject to and under the several penalties and forfeitures therein contained, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as any petty officer, seaman, or landman, non-commissioned officer of marines, or marine, in the royal navy, or the wife, child or children, or mother, of any of them, is or are entitled to the benefit of the same, and as if the several powers, authorities, provisions, penalties, and forfeitures, in the aforesaid acfc contained, were again repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act,

Vol. XL, A a CAP.

354 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 96. [1795.

CAP. XCVI.

An act for the relief of persons detained in gaol for want of bail, in certain cases relating to the publick revenue.

[June 22, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

T I. WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty sixth year of his Geo. 3. c. V present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to limit a time for

77- the repayment of the duties on male servants and carriages, by the commissioners of excise; and also on horses, waggons, wains, and carts, by the of of stamps; and for the amendment of several laws relating to the duties under the management of the commissioners of excise; it is enacted, That whenever any person or persons shall be charged with afsaidting or obstructing any officer or officers of the cnfioms or excise in the due execution of his or their office or offices, or any person or persons acting in his or their aid or afffiance, or with refcuifig, or attempting to rescue, by force, any uncustomed or prohibited goods, after feixure thereof by such officer or officers, or with any offence against any law respect'ing quarantine, and the same shall be made appear to any judge of his Majesty's court of kings bench, by affidavit or by certificate of an indictment or information being filed against such person or persons in the said court, for such offence, it shall be lawful for such judge to issue his warrant, under his hand and seal, and thereby to cause such person or persons to be apprehended and brought before him, orfome other judge of the said court, or before so?ne one of his Majesty's justices of the peace, in order to his, her, or their, being bound to the King's majesty, with two sufficient sureties, in such sum as, in the said warrant shall be expressed, with condition to appear in the said court at the time mentioned in such warrant, and to answer to all and singular indictments or informations for any the offences aforesaid\ and in case Jiick person or persons shall neglect or refuse to become bound as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such judge or justice of the peace respectively to commit such person or persons to the common gaol of the county, city, or place, where the offence shall have been committed, or where he, she, or they, shall have been apprehended, until he, she, or they, shall have become bound as aforesaid, or shall be discharged by order of the said court of kings bench in term time, or by one of the judges of the said court in vacation: and whereas no indictment or information for any of the offences mentioned in the said recited act can be brought to trial until the defendant or defendants shall have appeared and pleaded thereto; and persons apprehended and committed to gaol, by virtue of the said act, cannot be brought into the said court to plead in person to such indictments or infor?nations without a confederate expence, and may, through poverty or ignorance, omit to fueout writs of Habeas Corpus to bring themselves into the said court for that purpose, or to cause appearances and pleas to be entered for them, according to the course of the said court, and are therefore liable to be detained in gaol, without trial, to their great bfs and grievance, and in delay of justice: and whereas it is reasonable that, in case such defendants shall be found not guilty of the charges against them, they should be immediately released from their imprisonment: be it therefore enacted by the King's most

excellent

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii 97. 355

excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, where Where per-any person or persons, by virtue of the said recited act, hath or fons commit-have been committed, and is or are now detained, or shall here- of the recited after be committed and detained, in any gaol for want of bail, it actare detain-shall be lawful for the prosecutor of such indictment or infer-for want of mation to cause a copy thereof to be delivered to such per- bail, the proson or persons, or to the gaoler, keeper, or turnkey, of the gaol £aoUfe°a wherein such person or persons is, are, or shall be so detained, with Gf she indict-a notice thereon indorsed, that unless such person or persons shall, ment to be within such space of time as shall be for that purpose limited and delivered, with fixed by the said court of king's bench, cause an appearance, and ^less an^-also a plea or demurrer, to be entered in the said court to such pearance, &c. indictment or information, an appearance and the plea of not be entered in guilty will be entered thereto in the name or names of such per- alimitedtime, son or persons respectively; and in case he, she, or they, shall ^he^lea00 thereupon, for the said space of time so to be limited and fixed of not guilty as aforesaid, neglect to cause an appearance, and also a plea or will be enter-demurrer, to be entered in the said court to such indictment or ed, which may information, it shall be lawful for the prosecutor of such indict- ifC

ment or information, upon an affidavit being made and filed in on trj'ai tke the said court of a delivery of a copy of such indictment or infor- defendant mation, with such notice indorsed thereon, as aforesaid, to such shall be ac-person or persons, or to such gaoler, keeper, or turnkey, as the the

calfe may be, which affidavit may be made before any judge or order hi^dif-commissioner of the said court, authorised to take affidavits in charge, the said court, to cause an appearance, and the plea of not guilty, to be entered in the said court to such indictment or information for such person or persons reflectively, and such proceedings shall be had thereupon as if the defendant or defendants, in such indictment or information* had appeared and pleaded not guilty, according to the usual course of the said court; and that, if upon the trial of such indictment or information, the defendant or defendants, so committed and detained as aforesaid, shall be acquitted of all the offences therein charged upon him, her, or them, it shall be lawful for the judge before whom such trial shall be had, although he may not be one of the judges of the said court of king's bench, to order that such defendant or defendants shall be forthwith discharged out of custody, as to his, her, or their commitment, by virtue of the said recited act; and such defendant or defendants shall be thereupon discharged accordingly; any thing in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XCVII.

An act to declare that hides and /kins tanned by a new method shall t?e deemed tanned hides and /kins within the meaning of the affs relate ing to the duties of excise on hides and/kins tanned in Great Britain.*[June 22, 1795.]

WHEREAS

356 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 98. [1795.

[Preamble.]

^1X7" H E R p A S by on off made in the ninth year of the

9 Ann. c. 11. reign of her late majesty tjkieen Anne, for laying certain duties upon hides and /kins tanned, tawed, or dressed; for better avoiding all doubts and controversies concerning the several kinds of, hides and skins, and pieces of hides and skins, chargeable by that act,

it was declared and enacted, that by tanned hides or skins, or by tanned pieces of hides or skins, were meant only such as were tanned in wooze ? made of the bark of trees or shomack, or whereof the principal ingredients should be such bark or shomack: and whereas, by an act, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, in -34 Geo. 3. c. 63. fltuled. An act for allowing the exercise of an invention of a new method of tanning hides and skins, the tanning of hides and skins by a method and with the materials or things defer.ibed or ascertained in a certain instrument, in writing, mentioned in the said act, is authorised and permitted, and it is therefore expedient to declare and enact, that hides and skins tanned by such method, or by any other method or process, or with any materials or ingredients whatsoever, shall be deemed and taken to be such hides and skins as are herein after mentioned: be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Hides and parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, by anvmethod ^rom anc* a^ter Pai^ing of this act> all hides and skins, and whatever, to pieces of hides and skins, which shall be tanned by the said be deemed method, and with the materials or things described or afeer-within the tained in the said instrument mentioned in the said last recited relating*a<^> or any other method or process, or with any materials or to the duties ingredients whatever, shall be deemed and taken to be tanned on hides and hides and skins, or tanned pieces of hides and skins, within the skins. meaning of the said act made in the ninth year of the reign aforesaid, and of the several other acts of parliament in force immediately before the passing of this act, relating to the duties on hides and skins tanned in Great Britain; any thing in any act now in force contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XCVIII.

An act for allowing further time for the payment of the drawback on China ware, imported by the East India company before the first day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

[June

22, 1795.

[Preamble.]

\\l WHEREAS there are great quantities tf/'Chlna ware remain-

ing in this kingdom, imported from China by the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, before the first day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, the proprietors whereof, on account of cir cum fiances of a temporary nature during the present war, will not be able to export the same within the term of three years from the importation thereof, being the time limited by law to entitle the proprietors to a drawback of part of the duties thereon; and it is reasonable that further time JJ)ould be granted for

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 99, 100. 357

such exportation; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's mod: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, for all China ware imported China ware by the said united company into this kingdom at any time before the first day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, comply be-and which shall be exported at any time within five years from fore April i, the respective times of the importation thereof, the exporter or795> ifex-exporters of such China ware shall be allowed and paid the same drawback, under the like rules, regulations, securities, penalties, ^nfiJed to and forfeitures, as such exporter or exporters would be entitled drawback.

or liable to in case such goods had been exported within the term of three years from the importation thereof j any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XCIX.

Ati act for allowing further time forinrolment of deeds and wills made by papists, and for relief of protestant purchasers.

[June 22, 1795.]

Act 3 Geo. 1. c. 18. recited. Deeds and wills of papists, See, made since September 29, 1717, to be good in law, if inrolled before the first of September, 1795. This act not to extend to deeds, Scc. the validity whereof has been brought in question before the first of January, 1795. Purchasea made not to be avoided, on account of the title deeds not having been in-rolied, Sec, This act not to make good any grant of the right of prefen-tation to any benefice, &c. in trust for any papist.

CAP. C.

An act for permitting the importation of organzined thrown silk, fl<ixy and flax seed., into this kingdom, in ships or vessels belonging to any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, for a limited time [June 22, 1795.]

WHEREAS by an a(J, made In the fecund year of the reign s/" Preamble

their late majesties King William and §>ueen Mary, (intituled An act for the discouraging the importation of thrown 2 Gul Sc Mar. silk), amongst other things in the said act contained, the bringing in c. 9* of thrown fllk, of the growth or production of Italy, is prohibited unless imported in such ships or vessels, and navigated in such manner, as in and by an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled An act for the encouraging and increasing of shipping and navigation), is directed and allowed, and brought from some of the ports of those countries or places whereof the same is the growth or production^ and which shall come dire ft ly by sea, and not otherwise: and whereas there is at present very great and immediate want of organzined thrown silk from Italy, for the use and purpose of warp in the silk manufacture^ without which the manufacture cannot be carried on, and many thousands of manufacturers mufi be unemployed: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the

A a 3 authority

Aj& not to extend to silk coarserthan Third Bolo-

358 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. ioo.

[1795.

Organzined authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and Itrown (ilk offor any person or persons to import or bring into this kingdom, imported from ^rom any Port or place in amity with his Majesty, in any ship or any place in vessel whatsoever, until the expiration of twenty days after the amity with his commencement of the next session of parliament, organzined vel^ehor^ t^rown^of growth or production of Italy; any thing con-certain time. tained in the said recited acts, or any other ad, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That this act, nor any thing herein contained, shall extend to give liberty to import any Italian thrown silk, that shall be coarser than a fort thereof known and distin-xua, norTram, guished by the name of Third. Boionia; nor any forts of silks silk of Turkv CDmmonly called Tram, of the growth of Italy; nor any other &c.which shall thrown silk of the growth or product ion of Turky, Persia, East be forfeited. India, or China, under the penalty of forfeiting all such thrown silks as shall be brought over and imported contrary to the purport, true intent, and meaning, of this act; one moiety whereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such person or persons who shall seize, inform, or sue, for the same, to be recovered in such manner and form as goods forfeited may be recovered by any law relating to his Majesty's revenue of customs.

III. And for the better and more effectual execution of this act^ and to prevent the importation of any sort of thrown silk, not organzined\

All such silk to be it further enacted and declared, That all such organzined be brought to thrown silk as is allowed to be imported by this act, wheresoever the.custorn^ landed, shall be brought to his Majesty's custom house at London, to the intent that no other fort of thrown silk may be imported than that allowed by this act, under the penalty of forfeiting all such thrown silk as shall be imported contrary to the purport, true intent, and meaning, of this act; one moiety whereof shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such person or persons who shall seize, inform, or sue for the same, to be recovered in such manner and form as goods forfeited may be recovered by any law relating to his Majesty's revenue of customs; any thing herein contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas, by an act oj parliament, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the encouraging and increasing of shipping and navigation, it is, among/l other things, enacted, That no fort of fax shall be imported into England, Ireland, Wales, or town ^Berwick upon Tweed, in any ship or ships, vessel or vessels whatsoever, but such as do truly and without fraud belong to the people thereof \ or some of them., as the true owners or proprietors thereof and whereof the master and three fourths of the mariners at least are English, except only such foreign ships or vessels as are of the built of that country or place of which the said goods are the growth, production, or manufacture respectively, or of such port where the said goods can only be, or mof usually are, frft shipped for transportation, and whereof the master and three fourths f the mariners at kaji are of the said country or place, under the pe-

nalty

house at don, on penal- to ty of for. feature.

22 Car. c. 16.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. ioi. 359

nalty and forfeiture of the ship and goods: and whereas it is expedient to permit, for a limited time, the importation offax and fax feed into this kingdom in foreign neutral ships and vessels, although such ships or vessels are not of the built of the country or place of uthick flax or flax seed is the growth, production, or manufacture, or of the port where such flax or flax seed can only be. Or most usually hath heen, first shipped for transportation: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act, and until Flax or flax twenty days after the commencement of the next session of parlia- feed may be ment, it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons to import

into this kingdom of Great Britain, any sort of flax or flax seed, in fonging to Q any ship or vessel belonging to any kingdom or state in amity with itates in amity his Majesty, his heirs or successors, navigated by foreign seamen, with his Ma* from any port or place whatsoever, upon the same terms and conditions, and subject to the same rules, regulations, and re-flriftions, in any reitpests, as such flax and flax seed would, by any law in force, have been subject and liable to if the same had been imported in foreign ships or vessels of the built of the country or place of which such flax or flax seed was the growth, production, or manufacture; any thing in the before-receited act, or any other act or acts of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. Cl.

An act to prevent the removal of poor persons, until they shall become ^dually chargeable.

[June 22, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth

years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act*3 and 14 act for the better relief of the poor of this kingdom; reciting. Car. 2. c. 12. That whereas, by reason of some defects in the law, poor people are ?iot recitedv refrained from going from one parish to another, and therefore do cn- deavour to settle themselves in those parishes where there is the bcfl flock, the largest commons or wastes to build cottages, and the most ivoods for them to burn and destroy; and when they have confunied it then to another parish, and at last become rogues and vagabonds, to the great discouragement of parishes to provide flocks where it is liable to be devoured by strangers \ for remedy thereof it is thereby, amongst other things enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, upon complaint made by the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of any parish, to any justice of the peace, within forty days after any such person or persons coming so to settle as aforesaid, in any tenement under the yearly value of ten pounds, for any two justice s of the peace, whereof one to be of the quorum, of the division where any person or persons that are likely to be chargeable to the parish shall come to inhabit, by their warrant, to remove and convey such person or persons to such parish where 1 he or they were last legally settled, either as a native, hotfeholder, so-journer, apprentice, or servant, for the space of forty days at the leafy unless he or they give sufficient security for the discharge of the said parish, to be allowed by the said justices: and whereas many industrious poqr personsx chargeable to the parish, township, or place, where they

A A 4'live

3^0 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. iot.

[1795.

live merely from want of work there, would in any other place, where sufficient employment is to he had, maintain themselves and families without being burtherrfo?ne to any parish, township or placed and such poor persons are for the most part compelled to live in their own parishes, townships, or places, and are not permitted to inhabit elsewhere, tinder pretence that they are likely to become chargeable to the parish, township, or place, into which they go for the purpose of getting employmentalthough the labour of such poor persons might, in many inflames, be very beneficial to such parish, township, or place: and whereas the remedy intended to be applied thereto, by the granting of certificates, in pursuance of the act passed in the eighth and ninth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled An act for supplying some defers in the laws for the relief of the poor of this kingdom, hath been found very ineffectual; and it is necessary that other provisions should be made relating the reto: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, 80 much of That, from and after the passing of this atft, so much of the said recited act; as in part recited a<S of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of King ticesu!re*- Charles the Second, as enables the justices to remove any person move persons or Persons that are likely to be chargeable to the parish, town-likely to be ftnp, or place, into which they shall come to inhabit, shall be, chargeable to and the same is hereby repealed; and that from thenceforth no ^aled^and Poor Person be removed, by virtue of any order of removal, noVerionTto ^rom Parish or place where such poor person shall be inhabit-be removed ing, to the place of his or her last legal settlement, until such till they be. person shall have become actually chargeable to the parish, town-come charge-

or place, in which such person shall then inhabit, in which case two justices of the peace are hereby empowered to remove the person or persons, in the same manner, and subject to the same appeal, and with the same powers, as might have been done before the passing of this act with respect to persons likely to become chargeable.

II. And whereas poor persons are often removed or passed to the place of their settlement during the time of their sickness, to the great danger of their lives; for remedy thereof, be it further enacted Justices may by the authority aforesaid, That in case any poor person shall impend the from henceforth be brought before any justice or justices of the lick persons; Peace> for the purpose of being removed from the place where he 'or she is inhabiting or sojourning, by virtue of any order of removal, or of being passed by virtue of any vagrant pass, and it shall appear to the said justice or justices that such poor person is unable to travel, by reason of sickness or other infirmity, or that it would be dangerous for him or her so to do, the justice or justices making such order of removal, or granting such vagrant pass, are hereby required and authorised to suspend the execution of the same until they are satisfied that it may safely be executed, without danger to any person who is the subject thereof; which suspension of, and subsequent permission to execute the same, shall be reflectively indorsed on the said order of removal or va-

grant

361

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. ioi,

/grant pass, and signed by such justice or justices: and no a ft done by any such poor person continuing to reside in any parish, township, or place, under the suspension of any such order, shall be effectual, either in the whole or in part, for the purpose of giving him or her a settlement in the same; and the charges proved charges in-upon oath to have been incurred by such suspension of any order eurred by such of removal may, by the said justices, be directed to be paid by the the churchwardens and overseers of the parish or place to which officers of the such poor person is ordered to be removed, in case any removal parish to shall take place, or in case of the death of such poor person be- which they fore the execution of such order; and if the churchwardens or ^'removed ° overseers of the parish, township, or place, to which the order of which may be removal shall be made, or any or either of them, shall, upon the levied with removal or death of such poor person ordered to be removed, costs. refuse or neglect to pay the said charges within three days after demand thereof, and shall not within the same time give notice of appeal as is herein after mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for onejustice of the peace, by warrant under his hand and sea!, to cause the money mentioned in such order to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person or persons so refusing or neglecting payment of the same, and also such costs attending the same, not exceeding forty shillings, as such justice shall direct; and if the parish, township, or place, to which the removal of such poor person is made, or was ordered to be made, before the death of such person as aforesaid* be without the jurisdiction of the justice of the peace issuing the warrant, then such warrant shall be transmitted to any justice of the peace having jurisdiction within such parish, townftlip, or place as aforesaid, who upon receipt thereof is hereby authorised and required to indorse the same for execution: provided nevertheless, that if the If costs exceed sum so ordered to be paid on account of such costs and charges ^ay^e^made exceed the sum of twenty pounds, the party or parties aggrieved to the quarter by such order may appeal to the next general quarter sessionS sessions. against the same, as they may do against an order for the removal of poor persons by any law now in being; and if the court of quarter sessions shall be of opinion that the sum so awarded be more than of right ought to have been directed to be paid, such'court may and is hereby directed to strike out the sum contained in the said order, and insert the sum which in the judgement of such court ought to be paid; and in every such case the said court of quarter sessions shall direct that the said order so amended shall be carried into execution by the said justices by whom the order was originally made, or either of them, or in case of the death of either of them, by such other justice or justices as the said court shall direct: provided, that nothing in this act con- This act not-tained shall extend to alter or abridge the power of justices octo alter the the peace to pass or punish vagrants in the manner and under the ^ceTto^ak* circumstances set forth in an act passed in the seventeenth year of or punish va-the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, grants by 17 An act to a?nend and make more effectual the laws relating to rogues, ^eo- 2* c. 5* vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly persons, and to houses correction \

362 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 101. [1795.

correction; (except so far as regards the power of suspending the vagrant pass, in the manner and for the causes before mentioned).

No erson to ^urt^er enacted by the authority aforesaid,

g iin a settle- ^hat n0 person coming into any parish, township, or place, shall, mentbydeli- from and after the passing of this act, be enabled to gain any very and pub- settlement therein by delivery and publication of any notice in

lication of a writi ng.

wnttennoticw, jy# Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au-taxesfo^a^t^or*ty aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, no tenement of person or persons whatsoever, who shall come into any parish, less than icl. township, or place, shall gain a settlement in such parish, town-yearly value, ffijp, or place, by being charged with and paying his, her, or their share, towards the publick taxes or levies of the said* parish, township, or place, for and on account, or in reTpcdf of any tenement or tenements, not being of the yearly value of ten pounds,

to°SlconBder ^9 Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every pered as charge- f°n w ^ave been convicted of larceny, or any other felony, able, and may or who by the laws now in being shall be deemed a rogue, va-be removed, gabond, idle, or disorderly person, or who shall appear to any two or more justices of the peace of the division wherein such person shall reside, upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses to be a person of evil same, or a reputed thies, such person not being able to give a satisfactory account of himself or herself, or of his or her way of living, shall be considered as a person actually chargeable within the true intent and meaning of this act, to the parish in which such person shall reside, and shall be liable to be removed to the parish of his or her last legal settlement by the order of the said justices of the peace, whereof one to be of the quorum, of the division where any such person shall reside.

VI. Provided also, and be it hereby enacted by the authority Unmarried aforesaid, That every unmarried woman with child shall be women with deemed and taken to be a person actually chargeable, within the deemed char truentent an<^ meardng of this act, to the parish, township, or geable.'place> in which ffie shall inhabit, and may be removed as such to the place of her last legal settlement; and in case any order of deemed^the removal obtained for such purpose shall be suspended for any of mothers pa- the reasons before mentioned, and during such suspension the said rish. woman shall be delivered of any child, which by the laws of

this kingdom shall be a bastard, every such bastard child shall be deemed and taken to be settled in the same parish, township, or place, in which was the legal settlement of the mother at the Formeradts time of her delivery: provided nevertheless, that all act or adl$ touching baf- heretofore made touching bastard children, or concerning the remain in l° m°thers or reputed fathers of such children, shall be, and remain force. in full force and effect after the passing of this act as well in cases

where by this act the place of settlement of such bastard children is directed to be the same as that of the mothers of such children,

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 102, 363

as in cases where the place of settlement of such bastard children Remains the same as it did before the passing of this a£L

CAP. CII.

An act for the more effectual prevention of the use of defective weights, and of safe and unequal balances.

[June 22, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made and passed in the sixteenth year of the reign -of King Charles the First, it was, among other things, enacted, That from thenceforth there should be but one weight, according to the standard of the exchequer, throughout all the realmy as well in places privileged as without any usage or custom to the contrary notwithstanding: and whereas the fa 'id recited act, and the several other laws now in force for the due regulation of weights, have been found ineffectual for that purpose; and divers frauds are com-rnitted by persons using deficient weights, and false or unequal balances, by which the poor in particular are much injured: and whereas it would tend greatly to prevent such pernicious and fraudulent practicesy if the justices of the peace throughout the several counties of England and Wales, at their respective quarter sessions, were e?npozvered to appoint proper persons to examine the weights and balances throughout the said countie j, and to punish such persons as should be found offending in the premises: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and Quarter fef-after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for f10.ns to aP* the justices, at every quarter sessions of the peace to be held for J^examhie^ any county, riding, liberty, or division, in England or Wales, and weights and they are hereby required, to appoint one or more person or per- balances, fons to examine the weights and balances within their respective counties, ridings, liberties, and divisions, such person or persons so to be appointed to be the high constable of a hundred, who shall have the power of examining within his hundred, or the constable and parish officers of a parish, who shall have the like power within his and their parish, or such other fit and proper person or persons as the said justices shall in their discretion think fit, who shall have a power of examining within such district as such justices shall appoint.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Persons so ap-it shall and may be lawful to and for the person and persons so to s°&c

be appointed as aforesaid, and they are hereby required, (having and fdze false first been sworn duly and faithfully to execute the office in him weights, See, or them reposed, by virtue of such appointment, and of this act, which oath the said justices are hereby authorised and empowered to administer), once in every month at the least, in the day time, to enter into the Ihop, house, outhouses, and other premises near to such (hop or house, and into the stall or Handing place of every person or persons who shall fell or retail by weight, any wares, provisions, gpQds, or chattels whatsoever, and then and thereto

fearefi

3 6 4

Penalty for having false weights, &c.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 102. [1795.

search for, view, and examine, all weights and balances in such shop, house, outhouses, premises, stall, or {landing place, and to seize any weight or weights not being according to the standard in the exchequer, or any false or unequal balance or balances which shall upon such search be found, and forthwith to break and destroy the same; and the person or persons in whose shop, house, outhouses, premises, stall, or Handing place, any such weight or weights, balance or balances, shall be found, shall, upon conviction thereof before one of his Majesty'sjustices of the peace for the county, riding, division, or place where the said offence shall be committed, upon view or consession, or upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, forfeit and pay such sum of money, not exceeding twenty shillings nor less than five shillings, as the justice before whom such person or persons shall be convicted. shall ip his discretion order and adjudge, such forfeiture. to be levied by warrant under the hand and-seal of the said justice, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person or persons so offending, and to be paid to the treasurer of the county, riding, or division, where the said offence shall be committed, to be by him applied towards the expences of carrying this act into execution, and the residue (if any) in aid of the general county rate.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall wilfully obstruct, hinder, refill, or in any wise oppose, any of the persons hereby authorised and empowered to view and examine duce weights, such weights and balances in the execution of his office, or if any c* person felling or retailing by weight shall refuse to produce his or

her weights and balances in order to be viewed and examined, he or she who shall so offend, shall, for every such offence, on being duly convicted on oath before any one or more justices of the peace, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding forty shillings, nor less than five shillings, as the justice or justices before whom any such offender shall be convicted shall adjudge; and such forfeiture or penalty shall be levied and applied as herein-before directed.

Quarter fef-

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it

a°recompence anc* may to an<^ for justices at their said quarter

to the inspec- sessions to allow to such person or persons, who shall be appointed tors out of the to examine weights and balances under this act, a reasonable recounty rate, compence or satisfaction for their trouble in the execution of the said office, such recompence or satisfaction to be paid to such person or persons out of the general county rate.

fhed1 under I>rov^ec^ a^ways> and be it further enacted, That any per-

this act not to f°n or persons convicted of an offence under this act, and who sufferbyany shall suffer for the same under this act, shall not be otherwise punished for such offence by virtue of any other law or statute of this realm.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this act, or thority of Cper- any thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to fonsappointed extend, to lessen or prevent the authority which any person or per-

at court leetSa Tons,

Penalty for obstructingin-. spectors, or refuting to pro-

Other.

Act not to Jeffen the au-

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 103, 104 365 fons, bodies politick or corporate, or any person appointed at any court leet for any hundred or manor, may have or possess for the examining, regulating, seizing, breaking, or destroying, any weights or balances within their respective jurisdictions^ but that he, she, and they, shall and may have and possess the lame power and authority therein as if this act had not been made.

VII. And) for the more effectually carrying this act into execution,

be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and ^au(e staridard

may be lawful to and for the said justices, and they are hereby weighta to be

empowered and required, as soon after the passing of this act as purchased out

may be convenient, to purchase, or cause to be purchased, for of the county

the use of their respective counties, ridings, or divisions, out of..^0, 1 n 1 mall be pro-

the general county rate, proper weights, according to the stand- ducedto per-

ard in the exchequer; which shall be depositedfor the inflection tons paying of all persons, either with the respective clerks of the peace, or the costs of with some proper person, in such safe and convenient place or Pr°dudion. places, within their respective counties, ridings, or divisions, as the said justices shall diretd; and shall be produced by the person or persons in whose custody the same shall be lodged (upon reasonable notice) at such time and place as any person or persons shall, by writing under their respective hands, require and appoint; the person or persons so requiring the production of the said weights paying the reasonable costs and charges of producing the same.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no person No person to

or persons shall be prosecuted for any offence against this act, unless°infor-unless information thereof, upon oath, shall have been given mation be to some justice of the peace within one month after the offence given within committed. a month*

[Publick act.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act; and be judicially taken notice of

as such, by all judges, justices, or other persons, without the same being specially pleaded or set forth.

Cap. cm.

An act to enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of certain lands or grounds, situate at or near Painihill, in the several parishes of Cobham,

Walton, and Willey, in the county of Surrey, to George Chamberlaine, esq; George Bond, esq; one of his Majesty's serjeants at law, and fir Samuel Haves, bart. of the kingdom of Ireland, upon the trusts declared by the will of Benjamin Bond Hopkins, esq; deceased, of and concerning hisestate at Painshill aforesaid.

[June 1795.]

CAP. CIV.

An act for enabling the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, governors of the possessions, revenues, and goods, of the hof-pitals of Edward King of England the Sixth, of Christ, Bridewell, and St. Thomas the Apostle, and other the governors of Christ's Iiospitals, to purchase houses and ground for enlarging Christ's Hospitals in London and at Hertford, and erecting additional buildings thereto, and for other purposes.

[June 22, 1795.]

The governors of Christ's Hospital empowered to purchase houses, in the first ichedule to this act for enlarging the hospital in London; and

divers

366 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 105, 106. [1795.

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

divers houses in the second schedule at Hertford, for enlarging the hospital there. After such purchase all rights of common and ways over the ground at Hertford to cease. The governors empowered to take in part of Grey Friars in London, and part of a lane at Hertford, and to build thereon, &c. The governors to purchase ground on the other side of the lane at Hertford, to be laid into the same in lieu of what they take from it. The governors to provide a new burial ground in London, and empowered to shut up certain foot paths through the hospital in London. Buildings may be taken down and others erected, &c. The governors of Christ's Hospital and St. Bartholemew's Hospital, empowered to fell to, or ex-5 change with each other. The governors of Christ's Hospital empowered to make exchanges of houses, &c. Purchase money to be paid before the governors proceed to take down houses, &c. Compensation to be made for tithes. Rates and taxes to be paid for houses purchased by the governors as heretofore. The governors empowered to fell surplus ground. Limitation of artions.

CAP. CV.

An act for improving and supporting the navigation of the river Ivel, otherwise Yeo, from the town of Ivelchester, to Bicknell Bridge, in the parish of Huish Episcopi, in the county of Somerset; and for making a navigable cut from thence into a certain drain called Portlake Rhine, in the parish of Langport, in the same county, and for making the said drain navigable from thence to the river Parrett, below Great Bow Bridge, in the town of Langport.

[June aa, 1795.]

Proprietors incorporated by the name of u The Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from Ivelchester to Langport." For regulating the ererting of weirs, &c. For providing water for cattle. No works to be made between Bicknell Bridge and Great Bow Bridge, or at Great Bow - Bridge. Rates. For all coal, culm, coak, cinders, charcoal, timber, iron, and iron stone, two-pence per ton per mile. For all lime, dung, manure, and stone and lime stone for manure, one penny per ton per mile. For other goods, wares, &c. three-pence per ton per mile. Fifty cubic feet of round or forty cubic feet of square oak, afh, elm* or beech timber, and fifty cubic feet of fir, or deal balk, poplars, or birch, not cut into scantlings, and sixty cubic feet of light goods, to be deemed a ton weight. Rates of wharfage two-pence a ton for twenty-four hours, or sixpence a ton for a week. Company may appoint officers. Company to contribute six thousand pounds, at fifty pounds a share, and may borrow two thousand pounds more upon mortgage. Rates may be let for three years. If necessary to rebuild Little Bow Bridge, the same to be kept in repair by Langport corporation, without prejudice to the tolls they are entitled to Appeal. Limitation of artions. General issue. Treble costs. Manerial rights reserved.

CAP. CVI.

An act for amending and rendering more effectual^ an art, passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to explain, amend, and enlarge, the powers of so much of two arts, passed in the eleventh and fifteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for improving and completing the navigation of the rivers Thames and Isis, from the city of London to the town of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts, as relates to* the navigation of the said rivers, from the boundary of the jurisdiction of the city of London, near Staines, in the county of Middlesex, to the said town of Cricklade; and for extending and enlarging the powers of the said several arts, passed in the eleventh and fifteenth years of the: reign of his said present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the improving and completing of the navigation of the said rivers, from the jurisdiction of the city of London, near Staine9, in the county of Middlesex, to the town of Cricklade) in the county of Wilts, — [June 1795.]

Power

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 107 — 169,

Power to erect pound locks according to plan. Power of former acts extended to this. No weir to be erected between Boulter's lock and the boundary stone of the city of London, until notice given to the corporation of the said city, and subject to the advice of engineers. No higher tolls to be taken at new than at old locks. Barges, &c. passing by pound locks to pay same tolls as if they had passed through such pounds. Tolls may be taken by moieties on each passage. Limiting the toll to be taken on the fifth or sixth districts. Tolls not to be laid higher at one pound lock than at another Power to let tolls. Appointment of meeting in each district annually. District meetings to appoint a committee for such district. General meeting to be adjourned from fortnight to fortnight, until committees are appointed. General committee to appoint sub-committees. General committee may survey and report works necessary in each district, and execute works ordered by general meetings. Quarterly general meeting to be held at WIndfor, instead of late ordinary one. General meeting to be held on the third Thursday in February in Westminster. Method of recovering damages. Power to make towing paths. Commissioners under old acts to ad until the twenty-fifth of December. Appointment of new of Commissioners to present their accounts to parliament annually. Justices of adjacent counties to the river to have jurisdiction thereon.

CAP. CVII.

An act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and improving, the commons and Waite grounds within the several parishes of Epwor th, Haxey,

Belton, and Owfton, in the isle of Axholme, in the county of Lincoln; and also for making a compensation for the tythes arising from the said commons, and from certain other lands within the said parishes.

[Junezz, 1795.]

CAP. CVIII.

An act for amending an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for building a bridge across the river Severn, near Redstone, in the county of Worcester, and for making proper avenues and roads to and from the same; and for making satisfaction to the proprietors of a ferry across the said river at Redflone aforesaid; and enabling the trustees for executing the said act to rebuild the said bridge.

[June zz, 1795.]

Old tolls to cease. New tolls. For every coach, chaise, &c. drawn by four horses, two shillings and sixpence, and drawn by two horses, one shilling and sixpence. For every chaise, See. drawn by one horse, one shilling.'

For every waggon, cart, &c. drawn by five horses, two shillings; by four horses, one shilling and sixpence} by three horses one shilling; by two horses, nine-pence; and by one horse, sixpence. For every fledge without wheels, nine-pence. For every horse, &c. not drawing, three halfpence. For every horse, &c. carrying double, two-pence. For hogs, ten-pence a score. For sheep and lambs, sixpence a score. For cows, oxen.

See. one penny each. For foot passengers, one penny. For every person riding in a waggon, cart, See. one penny. For every person with a wheelbarrow, three-pence. Double toll on Sundays. Trustees empowered to borrow ten thousand pounds. Limitation of actions. General issuef Treble costs. Appeal.

CAP. CIX.

jtfn act for repealing so much of an act of parliament, passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled., An act for granting to his Majesty several additional rates and duties upon horses, and carriages with four wheels; and for explaining and amending an act passed in the twenty-fifth year

co

368 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 109. [1795.

of his present Majesty, as far &s relates to certain carriages with two or three wheels, therein mentioned, as relates to the additional duties upon coaches with four wheels ufedas ft age coaches \ and for reducing the duties upon carriages with less than four wheels, moJHy used in the affairs of husbandry, or for the purposes of trade.

[June 26, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the! twenty-ninth year of the 9 Geo. 3. reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting c. 49. recited, to his Majesty several additional rates and duties upon horses, and carriages with four wheels; and for explaining Jand amending an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, as far as relates to certain carriages with two or three wheels, therein mentioned; certain additional duties were granted to his Majesty on certain carriages with four wheels, therein mentioned: and whereas it is expedient to exempt stage coaches and diligences with four wheels from the said additional duties: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par-and the duties fiament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from posed^on ftaee anc* a^ter t^le Pa^in§ of a<^ the additional duties by the coaches re- laid recited act imposed, so far as the same relate to any

pealed. coach or diligence with four wheels, which shall be kept and employed as a publick stage coach for the purpose of conveying passengers for hire to and from different places within this kingdom, and which shall be duly entered as such with his Majesty's of for managing the duties on damped vellum, parchment, or paper, and for which the annual duty of five pounds imposed thereon by an act passed in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, shall be duly paid, shall cease and determine and be no longer paid or payable.

II. And whereas, by an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the 35 Geo. 3. reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for transferring the

47* receipt and management of certain duties therein mentioned, from the commissioners of excise, and the of of damps respectively, to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes; and also for making further provisions in respect to the said duties so transferred; it was enabled, that there ftmdd be charged and paid unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, (amongst others), the duties following; that is to say, for a?id upon every calash, chaise, or choir, with two or three wheels, or by what name soever such carriages then were or thereafter might be called or known, to be drawn by one or more horses that should be kept by or for any person or persons for his or their own nfe, or to be let out to hire, the yearly sum of three pounds and ten /killings and whereas, by an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, and 29 Geo. 3. for granting to his Majesty several additional rates and

c. 49.reci e, Upon horses, and carriages with four wheels; and for explaining and amending an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, as far as relates to certain carriages with 2.v. two

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 109. 369

two or three wheels, therein mentioned; it was enaSlecJ that all and every carriage or carriages, with two or three wheels, by whatsoever name or names such carriages then were or thereafter might he called or known, to he drawn by one or more horses, which should be used at any time for the carriage or conveyance of persons, and not generally used in the affairs of husbandry, or for the carriage of goods, wares, merchandize, from place to place, /zz the way of trade,

should he deemed a carriage and carriages within the meaning of the said act of the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, ^to should he entered and paid for accordingly: and whereas it is expedient that the duty on certain carriages herein after described, which are used in the affairs of husbandry, or for the purposes of trade, to which oc-ca fondly may he used for the conveyance of persons, should he reduced to the annual sum herein after mentioned: be it therefore enacted,

That, from and after the passing of this act, there shall be a^d in lieu of charged and paid unto and for the use of his Majesty, his ^eirs [hereby im-and successors, in lieu of the duties imposed by the said recited posed/there acts on the carriages herein after described, the duties following; shall be paid that is to say, For and upon every carriage with less than f°ur^or wheels, by what name soever such carriage now is or hereafter ^arTfour^shall or may be called or known, to be drawn by one horse, and no wheels, prin-more, which shall or may be used in the affairs of husbandry, or for cipally used in the purpose of carrying goods, wares, or merchandize, from place husbandry, to place in the v/ay of trade, but which shall or may be used oc- ^oods^anefof cafionally for the conveyance of persons, and which shall be built 3 certain con-and constructed wholly of wood and iron, without any covering struction, ios. other than a tilted covering, or any lining whatever, and without Per aanurai springs, and which shall have the words u A taxed Cart, " and also the owner's name and place of abode, there shall be charged and paid the yearly sum of ten shillings; which said rate and duty, on every such carriage with less than four wheels, used in manner aforesaid, shall be paid by the person or persons keeping the same respectively; and the said duty shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, accounted for, and applied, in the same manner, by the same persons respectively, and under the like rules, directions, and provisions, and to the like uses, as the duties on carriages with four, three, or two wheels, are now raised, levied, collected, paid, accounted for, and applied.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no carriage shall be deemed to be within the provisions of this a/ff before price than I21* mentioned, where the first price or sum originally paid for the to be within same to the maker thereof, or for any subsequent alteration or the meaning addition, (repairs excepted), shall have exceeded twelve pGUryls ot ttiS a<^c firerl ing.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the present duties on Present duties Carriages with two wheels, of the description herein before men*to

tioned, in respect of all such carriages which shall be assessed by virtue of this act, shall cease and determine.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Ownersname, every person to be rated and act'effect for fuph carriage, shall mark ^rked^o

or paint, or caul'e to be marked or painted, on a black ground fucrhcarriages>

Vol. XL. B b ia

Carriages to be produced to be examined.

If such carriage be used for the conveyance of persons, and

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 109. [1795.

in white letters, or on a white ground in black letters, on the outside of the back pannel or back part of such carriage, or in case such carriage shall be constructed without a back pannel or any back part on which such letters may be marked or painted, then on the side, or on some conspicuous part of such carriage, on the outside thereof, his or her christian and surnames, and the place of his or her real abode, and the words " A taxed Cart" in Roman letters and in words at full length, each of such letters being at least one inch in length, and of a breadth in proportion; and shall, upon demand being made, produce such carriage so marked or painted to the assessor or assessors, surveyor or surveyors, inspector or inspectors, of the said rate or duty, or at any meeting of the commissioners for putting this act in execution, or to any two or more of them, to be examined by them, or any or either of them, respecting all or any of the particulars above mentioned; and if any person or persons shall have or keep any carriage with less than four wheels, and shall at any time use the same for the carriage or conveyance of any person or persons, and such carriage shall in respect of the first price thereof, or for shall have cost any subsequent addition or alteration, (repairs excepted), have morethaniil. been charged or valued, (the proof of which price shall lie on the ftni&ed°c- owner or owners of such carriage), at any sum exceeding twelve cording to this pounds sterling, or shall be built or constructed in any respect act, &c. it contrary to the provisions herein-before mentioned, or shall not shall becharg- be so marked as aforesaid, or if such person or persons shall negledfc

A .»UU 5.r 1 r r \.0 -

or refuse, upon demand being made, to produce such carriage lo marked to the assessor or assessors, surveyor or surveyors, inspector or inspectors, of the said rate or duty, or to the of as aforesaid for the examination of them, or any or either of them, every such person or persons shall be liable to and shall be charged with the said rate or duty of three pounds and ten shillings, in respedb of such carriage, by virtue of the said recited acts; and the said surveyor or surveyors upon notice thereof shall certify the same in writing under his or their hand or hands to any two or more of the commissioners for putting this act in execution, in order to have such carriage charged at the rate of three pounds and ten shillings in the assessment made or to be made for that year; and any two or more of the said of shall thereupon cause the assessment to be rectified or made according to such certificate, and the said rate and duty to be levied and paid accordingly.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person or persons who shall keep any carriage with less than four wheels, which shall be kept truly and without fraud to be used wholly in the affairs of husbandry, or in the carriage of goods in the course of trade, shall in respect thereof be chargeable with the said duty by this act imposed, or with the duties imposed by the herein-before recited act of the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, by reason of any person or persons riding thereon or therein when returning from or going to anyplace, to or from which any load shall have been or shall be to be carried in such

car-

ed with the duty of 3l. 10 s, which the surveyors shall certify to the of.

No carriage with less than four wheels, used wholly for husbandry or carrying goods, shall be liable to duty for persons riding with their loads, or to church, or to de&ions.

371

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. no.

carriage in the course of husbandry, or for the purpose of trade, as aforesaid, or for conveying the owners thereof or their families to and from divine service on Sundays, or for carrying persons going to or returning from the election of members to serve in parliament, in case such carriage shall not have been used for any other purpose of riding thereon or therein save as aforesaid.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Ev&J hereby

said duty of ten shillings hereby granted on carriages with less X

than four wheels, shall be moreover subject and liable to the ad- percent, im-ditional duty of ten pounds per centum on the gross amount there- posed by

of, granted by an act, made in the thirty-first year of his present 31 Ge°'3-C'.£v Majesty's reign, intituled An aid for granting to his Majesty additional duties on the amount of the duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, therein mentioned; and that such additional duty of ten pounds per centum shall be raised, levied, cohered, and paid, in the same manner, and under the same rules and regulations, powers and authorities, ways, means, and methods, as the said additional duty is, by the said a&of the thirty-first year of his present Majesty aforesaid, directed to be collected and paid.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every horse drawing any cart herein-before described, on which the said duty hot liable^ of ten shillings is hereby imposed, shall not be subject or liable duty.

to any duty whatever on account of drawing any such cart,

CAP. CX.

An aid to amend an act, made in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating the allowance of the drawback, and payment of the bounty, on the exportation of sugar; and for permitting the importation of sugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda islands in-foreign ships; and for reducing the bounty on refined sugars exported in any other than British ships.

[June 26, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirty-second year of his present Majestfs reign, intituled An act for regulating the 3* Geo. 3. allowance of the drawback, and payment of the bounty, on the c. 43) rec, te c' exportation of sugar; and for permitting the importation of sugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda islands in foreign ships, certain restrictions are provided respecting the allowance and payment of drawbacks on the exportation of raw sugar, and of bounties on the exportation of refined sugar, from Great Britain: and whereas it is expedient that, in consequence of the present war with France, provisions should be made respecting the periods at which the average prices of the sugar shall be taken, and also the prices which J.hall regulate the allowance and payment of the drawbacks and bounties on the exportation of raw and refined sugars: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's mofk excellent ma^ jessy, by and with the advice and consent of the lords.spiritual' and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled,: and by the authority of the same, That if on the twenty-third ^t^e average day of AugufL, and the twenty'third day of Qftaberr in the year one covadcf sugar*

B B 2 v thou- &all, at cert aba

exceed a certain price, the drawback to be allowed.

372 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. xii.

[1795.

periods, not thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and in the same manner on the twenty-third day of February, the twenty-third day of August, and the twenty-third day of 0Bober, in each and every year, during the continuance of the present war, the average price of brown or Muscovado sugar, taken in the manner directed by the said recited act for the six weeks preceding, shall not exceed sixty-five shillings for an hundred weight, exclusive of the duty of customs paid or payable thereon on the importation thereof into Great Britain, and then and in such case the drawback and bounty on the exportation of sugar shall be paid and allowed; any thing in the said recited act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the bounty clue and payable on the exportation from this kingdom of refined sugar produced from Muscovado sugar imported from the British plantations in America, shall be allowed and paid for all such sugar as shall have been shipped under the authority of the said recited a£h> or may hereafter be shipped by virtue of this act, within the respective periods mentioned in the said recited act, or this act, although recited or this such sugar shall not be, or shall not have been, exported until after the expiration of such respective periods.

On exporta- III, Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, on tion of refined the exportation from this kingdom of any refined sugar in any ot^er t^an a British ship or vessel, owned, navigated, and registered, ship, is. per according to law, there shall be paid and allowed one shilling less cwt. lefsboun- bounty for each and every hundred weight of such'sugar so exported, ty to be paid, than if the same had been exported in a British ship or vessel, so owned, navigated, and registered; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Bounty on exportation of refined Muscovado sugar to be paid for all shipped within the periods mentioned in the

CAP. CXI.

An act for more effectually carrying into execution' an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the encouragement and relief of frienSly societies; and for extending so much of the powers thereof as relates to the framing rules and regulations for the better management of the funds of such societies, and the appointment of treasurers to other infitutions of a charitable nature.

[June 26, 1795 ]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the thirty-third year of the 33GecK3. c. 54, Vr reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the en-recited. couragement and relief of friendly societies, it was provided, that

no society which hacl been established before the pajfng of the said act for the purposes therein mentioned, should be within the intent and meaning thereof, unless all the rules, orders, or regulations, under which such society jhoidd thereafter be governed, should be exhibited, confirtned, and filed, at the general quarter sessions of the peace, holden for the county, riding, division, or shire, at fiome time before or immediately next after the feast of Saint Michael one thousand seven hundred and ninety four: and whereas many such societies may have inadvertently

vcrtently omitted to take the benefit of the said act: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for any such society to exhibit the rules, Societies cf-orders, and regulations, made for its government, at any general quarter sessions of the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, to redted be holden in and for the county, riding, division, or /hire, may exhibit where such society hath been established, at any time before or their rules for immediately after the Michaelmas session in one thousand seven uarter

hundred and ninety-six: and that such rules, orders, and regu- sessions^before lations, being confirmed in the manner in the said recited act or immediate-directed, maybe fled at such sections, and shall be valid and as ly after Mi-effectual as if the same had been exhibited, confirmed, and fled, chaelmas within the time in the said recited act limited.

It. And whereas several benevolent and charitable institutions and societies are formed in this kingdom, for the purpose of relieying, by voluntary subseruptions and benefactions, widows, orphans, and families, of the clergy, and others in difrejfed circumstances: and whereas such institutions have or may have funds, which they may wish to place out on publick securities, under the management of a treasurer: and whereas, in order to give f ability to such institutions, it is necessary that their property should be jeeured wider the authority of parliament: be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful Governors of for the governors, directors, managers, or members, of any institution, for the purpose of relieving the widows, orphans, and wicj0\vs families, of the clergy, and others in diffreffed circumstances, to may frame frame good and wholesome rules, for the management and distri- rules and pre-bution of their funds, and the same from time to time to amend and alter, or to make new rules, as occasion shall require, and as societies to procure the same to be prefen ted to the justices of the peace established by for their confirmation within the time herein-before limited, and virtue ofrccit-to be registered, under and subject to the same conditions, ' me- ec* a* thods, restrictions, and regulations, as the members of societies, to be established by virtue of the said recited act, are directed to make, alter, amend, or renew and register, their rules.

III. And be it further enacted, That the governors, directors, Institutions managers, or members, of any such institution, whose rules shall whole rules be confirmed and registered according to the directions of the said recited act, shall and may appoint a treasurer, who shall give appoint^rea-such security as is directed by the said recited act; and that such hirers, &c. treasurer so appointed shall be subject to account for the funds and be enti* belonging to such institution, and the same shall be veiled in such treasurer, and such treasurer shall sue and be sued in such manner as is directed by the said recited act; and, that all-powers^ authorities, rules, methods, directions, regulations, provisions, conditions, and restrictions, in the said act contained, so far as the same relate to the appointment of treasurers, or to the taking security from such treasurer, and for protecting, securing, or recovering, the funds veiled in such treasurer, shall be extended to all and every the institutions established for the purposes herein-

?b 3 before

before mentioned, by virtue of this aor any of them; and all such institutions shall have and enjoy, and be entitled unto the benefit of this act, with relation to the several matters before mentioned, as fully and effectually as any society established by virtue of the said recited act can or may have or enjoy the same; dnd all the powers, authorities, rules, methods, directions, regulations, provisions, conditions, and restrictions, in the said act contained, in relation to the several matters before mentioned, shall be applied and put in execution with respect to the several institutions established by virtue of this act, as fully and effectually as if the same had been particularly repeated and re-enacted ifi this act.

CAP. CXII.

An act for allowing further time for persons to take out certificates for using or wearing hair powder, in pursuance of an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty a duty on certificates issued for using hair powder; and also further 'time for the admeasurement and registering of boats, barges, and other vsffels, in pursuance of another act of the same session, inti-tided. An act for requiring all boats, barges, and other vessels, cf certain descriptions, used on navigable rivers, and on inland navigations, in Great Britain, to be registered.

[June 26, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the present session of parliament, 3jOeo, 3, c. 49' intituled An act for granting to his Majesty a duty on certificates issued for using hair powder; it was enacted, that, from and after the fifth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or within the space of one calendar month next ensuing, every person liable to the duty by the said act imposed, should make entry of his or her name and place of abode, in the manner and for the purpose in the said act mentioned, under the penally in the said act contained, in order to obtain a certificate thereof duly ft amp ed, as by the said act is directed: and whereas from the fort period of time allowed by the said act for making such entries, many persons using hair powder may, through ignorance, absence, orfome unavoidable accident, have omitted or neglected to make such entries, and obtain such certificates as aforesaid, within the time limited by the said act, whereby they are or may become liable to the penalty contained therein: for remedy whereof, ipay it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority Time allowed of the same, That the time allowed by the said recited act for by recited act making such entries, and obtaining such certificates, shall be, entrJes^and an^ is hereby extended until and upon the twentieth day of July obtaining cer- one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and that every tificates, ex- person liable to the duty by the said recited act imposed, who, on tended to July the fifth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five,

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 112. 375

shall have neglected or omitted to make such entry and obtain such certificate, and who, before the twentieth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, shall make such entry, and obtain such certificate, as by the said recited act is required, shall be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all penalties and forfeitures incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of such omi/Iion or neglect; and every such entry so to be made shall be of the like force and effect as if the same had been, made within the time limited by the said recited act.

II. And whereas, by the said recited act, the occupier of every dwelling house is required at the end of every year, ending the fifth day of Apr il, to prepare and produce lifts in writing of the names of ..personss resident in Inch dwelling house liable to the duty by the said recited act imposed\ which lifts, for the first year after the passing of the said act, are dtrested to be made for all the persons resident in such diveiling house who shall have used hair powder at any time between the fifth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety five and the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, under the penalty in the said recited act mentioned; be it further enacted,

That in the first lift to be made out in pursuance of the said recited Occupiers of 26c, after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and lifts of refi"* ninety-six, by the occupier of any dwelling house, the same shall dents who be required to be made for all the persons resident in such dwel- have worn hair ling house who shall have worn hair powder to the knowledge of powder, to the said occupiers at any time between the said twentieth day of ^7or such July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and the fifth as have worn day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; and it between that no such occupier who shall prepare and produce any such Jldy 20 1795, lift as is herein-before required shall be subject or liable to any April 5> penalty or forfeiture by reason of any omission or neglect to return Occupiers not in such lift any person who shall have worn such hair powder at liable to pe. anytime before the said twentieth day of July one thousand seven nalty for omit-hundred and ninety-five, such person so omitted to be returned as

having discontinued the use of hair powder, and not having powdTrbefore worn the same on or at any time after the said twentieth day of juiy a0f July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to the knowledge of such occupier; any thing in the said recited acte contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

III. And whereas by an act, made in the present session of parliament, intituled An act for requiring all boats, barges, and other 35 Geo. 3. C. vessels, of certain descriptions, used on navigable rivers, and on^recited, inland navigations, in Great Britain, to be registered, it was entitled, that every lighter, barge, boat, wherry, or other vessel, exceeding the burden of thirteen tons, in the said act described, which, from and after the fifteenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, should be worked, rowed, or navigated, in or upon any river, canal, or other inland water or navigation, in Great Britain,

should be registered on or before the said fifteenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in the manner in the said recited act mentioned; and that a certificate of every such registry should also be obtained within the time in the said act limited\ under the penalty

376 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 113. [1795.

and forfeiture therein mentioned: and whereas many owners of such lighters, barges, boats, wherries, other vessels, have had.,

before the expiration of the time in the said recited act limited, an opportunity of r offering the said vessels, or obtainingfich certificate, or involuntarily may have omitted or neglected so to do^be it there-and the time fore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the time allowed edTor^ifter* ^01 reg^cer^ng any lighter, barge, boat, wherry, or other vdlel, fngveffcUufed reciu*lre^ to be registered by the said recited act, shall be, and is on navigable hereby extended until and upon the first day of September one rivers and in- thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and until the day on d figbter) barge, boat, wherry, or other vessel, shall

to Sept i^eQ be first worked, rowed, or navigated, in or upon such river, 1795> &c! canal, or other inland water, or navigation, after the said first day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and that every person who shall cause to be registered any such* lighter, barge, boat, wherry, or other vessel, and shall demand a certificate thereof in the manner directed by the said recited add, and shall cause the same vessel to be painted as to all the particulars and in the manner prescribed by the said recited act, at any time before or on the said first day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, or at any time before the day on which such lighter, barge, boat, wherry, or other vessel, shall be first worked, rowed, or navigated, in or upon such river, canal, or other inland waters or navigation, after the said first day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, shall be, and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all penalties and forfeitures incurred, or to be incurred, against the form of the said recited add, for or by reason of not registering, or involuntarily omitting or neglecting to register, such lighter, barge, boat, wherry, or other vessel, within the time limited by the said recited add; and every such registry so to be made within the respective times hereby allowed, shall be as effectual, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been made within the time when the same ought by the said recited add to have been made.

Cap. cxiii.

An act for the more effectual prevention offelling ale and other liquors by persons not duly licensed.

[J une 26, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

TT THERE AS, by an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of

5 Geo. 3. c. 45, his present Majesty, intituled An act for altering the stamp inpart recited, duties upon admissions into corporations or companies; and for further securing and improving the stamp duties in Great Britain; after reciting that, by the laws then in force in that part of Great Britain called England, and dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick- upon-Tweed, persons felling ale or beer, or other exciseable*liquors, by retail, without licence, were liable and subject by different laws to different penalties and punishments, which had occasioned much confusion, and an ill and improper use had been made thereof in many inf lances; for the prevention whereof it was enacted, that, from and after

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 113. 377

after the fifth day of July one th oufand seven hundred and sixtyfve, every p erf on lawfully convicted offelling ale or beer, or other exciseable liquors, by retail after that day, in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, without being duly licensed so to do, should, for every such offence, forfeit and undergo the several penalties and punishments tbcrein-after mentioned and provided in that behalf instead and in lieu of the several pecuniary and corporal pnnijlments, which they were then liable or subject to by any lava then in force; that is to say,

For the first offence the sum of forty shillings, and also the cojls and expences of convicting such offender; and in case such sum, together with the charges and expences of convicting such offender, should not be paid within the space of fourteen days next after such conviction, that then the offender should ffffer imprisonment for the space of one month, unless he or they ffould Jooner pay such penalty, and the cojls, charges, and expences, of such conviction, and executing the same; and for the second offence the sum of four pounds, and also the cojls and expences of convicting such offender; and in case such sum, together with the charges and expences of convicting such offender the second time should not be paid within the space of one week next after such conviction, then the offender shouldJujfer imprisonment for the space of two months, unless he or they fioould sooner pay such penalty of four pounds, and the cojls, charges, and expences, of such second conviction, and executing the same; and for the third offence the sum offix pounds, and also the cojls and charges of ^convicting such offender; and in case such sum of six pounds, together'with the charges and expences of convicting such offender the third ti?ne fioould not be paid within the space of three days next after such third conviction, that then the offender should suffer hnprijonment for the space of three months, unless he or they fioould jooner pay such penalty offix pounds, and the cojls, charges, and expences of fiuch third conviction, and executing the same, and the like penalty and punishment for every other offence after the third offence, and conviction thereof, as for the said thirds offence; all which fiaid cojls and expences should be affessed, settled, and ascertained, by the justice or justices of the peace before whom such offenders should respectively be convicted; any law, statute, or custom, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; all which penalties and forfeitures fioould go and be paid, the one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof, and also the cojls, charges, and expences, to be affjfid or ascertained as aforesaid, to the prosecutor or prosecutors of every such offender or offenders: and whereas, by reason of many evasions Jlill made use of, and of defects in the powers of the laws now in force, it is disficult is convict offenders against them: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Rung's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said add, as is above recited, shall be Recited part and is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the twentieth Geo. 3.0* day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, if 46» repea ed. any person, shall sell ale or beer, or any other exciseable liquors, Sp^fons

by felling, or per-

37^. Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 113. [1795.

mitting to he by retail, or shall permit or suffer any ale or beer, or any other hous'-s txcKe exc, sea^e liquors, to be sold by retail, in his, her, or their house, able liquors by outhouse, or yard, garden, orchard, or other place, in that part retail without of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and licence, liable town of Berwick- upon-Tivecd, without being duly licensed so to topenaty. anc] Qjall thereof be duly convicted, every such person so

offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, and also the costs and expences attending the Conviction, to be levied and recovered as herein is diredbed; and

on and after a second conviction for the like offence, shall also be rendered incapable of being the reafter licensed to keep an alehouse, or to sell ale or beer, or other exciseable liquors, by retail.

Justices may

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That determine it shall and may be lawful for any one of more justice or justices comp n s. of the peace for the time being, of the county, riding, division, or place, where such offence shall be committed, to hear and determine the same in a summary way; which said justice and justices is and are hereby respectively authorised and required, upon information exhibited or complaint made to or before him or them in that behalf, to summon the party or parties accused, and also any person or persons as' a witness or witnesses, on either side, and upon appearance, or contempt by not appearing, of the party or parties accused, to proceed to hear the matter in a summary way, and also to examine any witness or witnesses on oath, and to give judgement therein; and upon proof of the offence, either by confesson of the party or parties, or upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to convict the party or parties so accused or complained against of the offence laid to If penalties be )ier^ or their charge; and in case the party or parties so con-^ayPbedJevied v^cd shall not' at hme^P'ace conviction, if present, by distress, (or if absent), within the space of three days after notice, either personally served upon the party or parties, or left for him, her, or them, at the place where the offence shall have been committed* according to the directions of this adh pay the penalty or penalties for which he, she, or they, shall stand convicted, together with the costs and expences attending the same, which said costs and expences shall be ascertained and fixed by the justice or justices convidfing the offender or offenders; that then, and in every such case, it shall be lawful for such justice or justices, and he and they is and are hereby required to issue his or their warrant or warrants of distress, empowering the person or persons to whom the same shall be directed, to make distress of the goods and chattels of such offender or offenders, wheresoever they shall or may be found, within the jurisdiction of the justice or justices convicting such offender or offenders, and also any goods and chattels found, or being in the house, outhouse, cellar, vault, storehouse, or other place, in which such offence shall have been committed, or which shall be found or be in any house, outhouse, cellar, vault, or other storehouse, belonging to or occupied therewith, or which shall be found or be in any house, outhouse,

cellar.

cellar, vault, storehouse, or other place, which shall have beeu entered at the excise office for keeping or laying any beer or ale, cyder or perry therein, by or in the name or names of such offender or offenders; and on the goods and chattels so diffrained the officer or officers executing such warrant or warrants as aforesaid shall proceed to levy the sum or sums expressed in such warrant or warrants, in manner directed in and by an act, made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the more easy and effectual proceeding upon difrejfes to be made by warrants of juf.ices of the peace, and all the powers and provisions of the said act; and also of an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to authorise justices of the peace to impose fines upon constables, overseers, and other peace and parish officers, for neglect of duty; and on m afters of apprentices for ill usage of such their apprentices; and also to make provisio?i for the execution of warrants of difirefs granted by magistrates; as far as the same relate to the execution of warrants of difirefs, shall be extended, applied, and put in execution, in relation to warrants of difirefs to be granted by virtue of this act, as fully and amply as if the same powers and provisions had been severally repeated and re-enacted in this adh -

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That at the request of the owner or owners of the goods so didrained, the same may be sold at any time within the four days allowed by the said act of the twenty-seventh year of his late Majesty.

IV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed to the officer or officers executing such warrant or war-

Officers to execute warrants agreeably to 27 Geo.

2. C. % Q \

the provisions of which, and of 33 Geo. 3. c. 55, as to execution of warrants, to extend to this add.

Difirefs may be sold within four days.

Allowance to officers.

rants of difirefs, for the safe keeping of the goods and chattels so distrained, for each day such goods and chattels shall be in his or their custody, such sum not exceeding five shillings per diem, and for any person or persons acting therein in the aid and assistance of such officer or officers, such sum not exceeding two shillings per diem for each such person, as the convicting justice or justices shall allow and direct to be paid, due'proof being first made on oath, to the satisfaction of such justice or justices, that sufficient causeexisted for calling in the aid and affifiance of such person or persons.

V. And be it further enacted, That one moiety of the penalty Application of so levied shall be paid to the informer, and the other moiety there- Penalty of to the use of the poor of the parish, township, or place, in which the offence shall have been committed in such manner as the justice or justices as aforesaid shall direct and appoint 3 and If sufficient if the person or persons authorised to execute such warrant or warrants, or any or either of them, shall make a return thereto just{ce may that no sufficient difirefs can be found whereon to levy the pe- commit the nalty and costs and charges as aforesaid, then it shall and may be offender, lawful for any justice or justices of any county, riding, division, or place, within whose jurisdiction the party or parties, against: whose goods and chattels such warrant of difirefs shall have been issued, shall at any time be found, upon producing to such justice

or

380 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 113.

[1795.-

or justices such warrant, and return thereof, (and if such justice or justices shall be of any other county, riding, division, or place, then, upon oath made of the hand-writing of the justice or justices granting such warrant of di ft refs, and of the truth of such return), to commit such offender or offenders to the common gaol, or other prison within the limits of his or their jurisdiction for any term not exceeding six calendar months, nor less than three calendar months, unless the said penalty or penalties, with the coils, charges, and expences, of all proceedings attending the conviction and warrant of di ft refs, shall be sooner paid and Satisfied.

VI. And whereas many persons do presume to cany on and exerctle the trade of alehouse-keeper and victualler, and retailer of beer and ale, with out licence, and to make entry of house s, outhouses, cellars, vaults, or jloreboujes, for laying or keeping such beer or ale, by assumed or feigned names, and such beer and ale is frequently retailed in houses, outhouses, or other places detached from ihsfr place of residence, whereby the purposes of the law have been, and f ill continue to be, evacted;

What shall be be it further enacted, That in case'any summons shall be issued by any justice or justices of the peace for any person or persons to appear and answer to any information or complaint for selling by retail any beer, ale, or othpr, exciseable liquors, without licence, the directing such summon such person by the name in which, such person shall havd entered any house, outhouse, cellar, vault, or storehouse, for laying or keeping of beer or ale, or in the names by which such person or persons is or are, or has or have been, usually kno#/n, whether the same be the real and proper, or the affirmed ot feigned, names of such person or persons.j and the leaving such summons at the house, outhouses, cellar, vault, or other storehouse or place in which such offence is stated in any information to have been committed, and affixing a 6opy thereof on the door, or other conspicuous part on the outside thereof, (such service being proved on oath of the person or persons who shall have so served such summons, and so affixed such copy), shall be deemed, and is hereby declared to be, as legal and effectual a notice or summons, to all intents and purposes, as if the same was personally given or delivered to or unto the hands of the party or parties to whom the same shall be direbfed; and as if the same was directed to the party or parties by his, her, or their proper and real name or names.

Retailers to

VII. And be it further enacted, That every alehouse keeper.

deemed leg 1

notice to persons iummon-ed to answer informations for felling liquors by retail without licence.

make previous victualler, or retailer of beer or ale, who shall take or receive entry ot all places used for

entry ot all into or have in his, her, or their custody, possession, or power,

laying beer, &c.

any beer or ale to sell or dispose thereof by retail, shall, at least three days before he, she, or they, shall begin so to sell or dispose of any such ale or beer, make a true and particular entry in writing at the office of excise, next to the place where such ale or beer shall be intended to be sold and disposed of, of all and every house, outhouse, cellar, vault, room, storehouse, or other place used, or to be used for laying or keeping any such beer or ale, or for felling the same; and which said entry shall set forth the true name or names of the person or persons so making such entry, and shall

alfa

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 113. 381

also express whether the person making the same be an alehouse-keeper, victualler, or retailer; and such person or persons shall be deemed to be the occupier or occupiers, proprietor or proprietors, of all and every house, outhou'b, cellar, vault, room, storehouse, or other place, so entered, for laying or keeping such ale or beer, or for felling the same, so long as such entiy shall remain in force, or such ale or beer shall be or remain in the custody, possession, or power, of the person or persons making such entry; and if any person or persons shall, contrary to the Penalty of 50I, directions of this act, make use of any house, outhouse, cellar, for not mak-

vault, room, storehouse, or other place, for the laying, keeping

ingentry.

felling of beer or ale., to be sold or disposed of by retail, without having made such entry as aforesaid. he, she, or they, shall respectively forfeit, for every default or neglect, the sum of fifty pounds, to be sued for and recovered, levied, mitigated, and distributed, in such manner as is directed by any law now in force, with regard to penalties and forfeitures on offences against the laws relating to the excise; and all storehouses, cellars, rooms, Places not en-or other places used by any such innkeeper, victualler, or other retailer, for the purpose of laying or keeping any beer or ale, or ceaieci places* worts in cask, without being so entered, shall be deemed and taken to be private and concealed storehouses, cellars, or places, within the meaning of all, each, and every act and aefs of parliament now in force in relation to private and concealed storehouses, cellars, or places, for the keeping or laying exciseable liquors.

Vlfl. And be it further enacted, That all beer, ale, cyder, Beer, Sec. and perry, and other exciseable liquors, together with all other goods goods and and chattels found in every and any house, outhouse, cellar, vault, storehouse, or other place where any such offence as aforesaid fence^com-" shall have been committed, or in any house, outhouse, cellar, mitted, See. to vault, storehouse, or other place belonging thereto, or occupied be liable to therewith, or which shall have been entered as aforesaid at the distress. excise office, for laying or keeping therein any beer or ale, cyder or perry, by or in the name or names of the person or persons convicted, by whom or by what title or conveyance soever the same may be claimed, shall be liable to such warrant or warrants of distr.efs to satisfy all penalties, cods, and charges, incurred by any person or persons for any offence or offences committed within or upon the dime premises, or any part thereof as aforesaid; and it dial] be lawful to levy the penalties, and costs, and charges, and use such proceedings in respeT of the same, as it is lawful to do in case the offender or offenders had been truly and really the owner or owners, or proprietor or proprietors, of the same.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person who shall make any entry at any office of ex- Persons mak-cife, of any house, outhouse, cellar, vault, storehouse, or other ^ry to be place, for laying or keeping of any beer or ale, or for felling the same therein, as an alehouse-keeper, victualler, or retailer, shall be deemed a feller by retail of such liquor to all intents and purpose s; and that it shall and may be lawful for any juifice of the

peace

382 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 113. [1795.

Justices may peace from time to time to summon before him, or before any cil? officers "to ot^er ju*ice or justices, any entry keeper, gauger, or other exproduce cn- c^e °fficer? having the custody of entries made by innkeepers, tries and frock victuallers, and retailers of beer or ale, within his division, who books, and shal], when required, produce before such justice or justices, all may examine -nc] every entry or entries made at the office of excise by any t em onoa, person or persons within the division of such officer, and also the flock books or other accounts of survey of such persons respectively; and such justice or justices shall and may examine on oath such officer or officers respecting any such entry or entries of any houses, outhouses, cellars, vaults, storehouses, or other places, for keeping beer or ale, or respecting any stock of any person or and may sura- persons making such entries; and if it shall appear that any per-to0nroeducer8 n mac*e entry or entries at the office of excile of any house, licences^ and outhouse, cellar, vault, storehouse, or other place, for laying or for not pro- keeping any beer or ale therein, or for felling the same as an adducing them, house-keeper, victualler, or retailer, or if it shall appear that any the^d^affifers Person ls surveyed as an alehouse-keeper, victualler, or re-guilty. tailer, and has not received or is not entitled to receive the abate-

ment of duty allowed to common brewers, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for such justice or justices to summon before him or them such person or persons, to produce to such justice or justices his, her, or their, licence or licences to fell beer and ale, and if such person or persons shall not, at the return of such summons, appear before such justice or justices, or appearing shall not produce to such justice or justices a licence or licences duly obtained and in force, it shall be lawful for such justice or justices, (proof being made of due service of such summons according to this act, in case the party or parties shall not appear), to adjudge the party or parties guilty of felling beer or ale by retail without licence, and the party or parties so adjudged shall be liable to the penalties herein imposed on persons retailing beer or ale without licence, on^vitneffi-'s* ^urther enacted, That if any person shall be sum-

not attending monec^to appear as a witness, to give evidence before any justice summonses, to or justices of the peace touching the matters aforesaid, either on be levied by the part of the prosecutor, or of the person or persons accused, shall negledV or refuse to appear at the time and place to be not be found" for t^at PurP°d appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such the party may his or her neglect or refusal, (to be allowed by such justice or juf-becommitced. tices of the peace), or appearing shall refuse to be examined on oath, and give evidence to such justice or justices of the peace before whom the prosecution shall be depending, then, that every such person shall forfeit for every such offence the sum of ten pounds, to be levied by warrant of distress; and if no sufficient distress can be found, then the said justice or justices before whom and in whose contempt the offence was committed, shall and may commit such offender to the common gaol or other prison within his or their jurisdiction for any term not exceeding the space of six calendar months, unless the penalty shall be sooner paid 5 and such penalty shall be applied to the use of the poor of

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 113, 383

the parish, townftfip, or place, in which such offence shall have Applicate of been committed, in such manner as the justice or justices so con- PeIulty-vising shall direct and appoint.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons whatsoever, after service of any summons to appear and answer ^ay beffilf-to any charge of felling ale or beer, or other exciseable liquors, trained without licence, shall convey away any goods or chattels herein- wherever before made liable to any warrant of distress, from the house, out- found, house, cellar, vault, storehouse, or other place wherein such offence shall have been committed, or from any house, outhouse, cellar, vault, storehouse, or other place belonging thereto, or occupied therewith, or from any house, outhouse, cellar, vault, or other storehouse, or place, which shall have been entered at the office of excise, by or in the name or names of the person or persons convicted for keeping or laying of beer or ale, or for felling the same; it shall and may be lawful for the officer to whom such warrant is directed, or other person or persons lawfully empowered or acting in his aid or assistance, within thirty days after such conveying away, to seize the same wherever they may be found, and dispose of them in such manner as if they had been distrained on the premises: provided always, that if any of the Justices may goods or chattels so removed shall be carried into any county, nidorfevvar- riding, city, liberty, or place, out of the jurisdiction of the ina- [nggoo'ls^e- gistrate or magistrates originally issuing such warrant of distress, moved into it shall be lawful for any justice of the peace of any county, rid- their jurisdic-ing, city, liberty, or place, into which such goods or chattels tions* shall be so removed or conveyed, and he is hereby required on proof on oath of the hand writing of such justice or justices originally signing such warrant, to indorse his name on the back thereof, which shall be sufficient authority to any person or persons bringing such warrant, and to all other persons to whom such warrant was originally directed, to execute such warrant of distress, and to proceed in such manner as if such goods had been found and seized within the jurisdiction of the justice or justices who signed the original warrant.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall think Appeal^may himself or herself aggrieved by the judgement of any justice or qu-^ter fef- ° justices of the peace by or before whom he or she shall have been Sons within a convicted of the offences aforesaid, any and every such person a certain time, may appeal (and the said justice or justices are required to makeondhioi^ known to such person at the time of such conviction his or her CG1 1 1011*right to appeal) from and against such conviction to the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be holden for such county, riding, city, division, liberty, or place, unless such sessions shall be holden within six days next after such conviction shall be made, and in such case to the next subsequent lessions to be holden as aforesaid, and not afterwards, such person at the time of such conviction giving to such justice or justices notice in writing of his or her intention to appeal, and also giving security, to the satis — faction of such justice or justices, for the payment of the penalty,

ofts, and expences, aforesaid, in case such judgement shall be

confirmed

to determine appeals, and may adjudge colts.

forth by 26 Geo. a. c. 31 to be good.

384 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 113. [1795.

confirmed on such appeal, and also further entering into a recognizance at the time of such notice, with sufficient sureties conditioned to try the appeal, and to abide the judgement, and pay such costs as shall be awarded by the justices assembled at such Sessions finally sessions; and the justices so assembled shall thereupon proceed to ^ear and determine the matter of every such appeal, and their judgement thereon shall be final and conclusive to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and in case the justices of the peace so assembled at such sections shall find and adjudge any such appeal to be frivolous or vexatious, it shall and may be lawful to and for them to give and adjudge to the party or parties grieved by such appeal, his, her, or their, reasonable costs and charges occasioned thereby, not exceeding in the whole the sum of five pounds on any one appeal,

XIII. And, in order to prevent frivolous and vexatious appeals,

Torm°f t^n ^art^er enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a con-

c vidlion in the form or to the effect! expressed and set forth in an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act fen* regulating the manner oflkenfing alehouses in that part of Great Britain called England, and for the wore easy convicting persons felling ale and other liquors without licence, mutatis mutandis, as the case shall happen to be, shall be good and effectual to all intents and purposes whatsoever, without stating the case, or the facts or evidence, in any more particular manner.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if it shall be proved to the satisfaction of the justice or justices before whom any person shall be convicted of any offence against this act, that such person hath not been before convicted of any offence against this act, it shall be lawful for such justice or justices to mitigate and leften the penalty hereby imposed, in case of such first offence, but not otherwise, so as that the penalty so mitigated and lessened shall not be less than ten pounds.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any inhabitant of any parish, townftlip, or place, in which any offence shall be committed contrary to this act, shall be deemed a competent witness, notwithstanding his or her being an inhabitant of such parish, township, or place.

XVI. Provided always, and it is enacted, That all penalties within this act shall be sued for and determined within six months after the offences shall be committed.

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit any person or persons from felling of any ale or beer in booths or Other places, at the time and place of holding any lawful and accustomed fair, in like manner as such person or persons was or were authorisea to do before the passing of this act, by virtue of any law or flatule in that behalf.

Justices may

mitigate

penalties.

Inhabitants may be witnesses.

Penalties tobe determined in six months.

Act not to prohibit felling ale or beer at fairs.

c A p.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 114. 385

CAP. CXIV.

An act for belterfecuring the duties on glass. — June 26, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the regulations by lave eJlahUfoedfor securing the duties imposedfor or in respect of the materials or metal made use of in the ?naking of glass, made in Great Britain, have been found inefficient to answer the good purposes thereby intended; and it is therefore expedient to make further regulations for the better collection of the said duties; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament a fie mb led, and by the authority of the same, 1 hat, from and after Makers of the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, before all and every maker and makers of glass, before he, she, or they, to^makeft or shall begin to make any glass, or to mix or prepare any materials to mix mate* for the making of glass, shall, in pursuance of this act, make true rials, to make and particular entry in writing of all workhouses, furnaces, pots* pot chambers, annealing arches, warehouses, rooms, and other nacesl, &c/on places, by him, her, or them, respectively intended to be made use penalty of of for the making or keeping of glass, or for the making or keep- 200I, ing of any pot or pots for the making of glass, or for the keeping of materials mixed and prepared for the making of glass, at the office of excise, within the compass or limits whereof such reflective workhouses, furnaces, pots, pot chambers, annealing arches* warehouses, rooms, and other places respectively, shall be situate* on pain of forfeiting the sum of two hundred pounds for every workhouse, furnace, pot, pot chamber, annealing arch, ware-house, room, or other place, which he, fine, or they, shall make use of for the making or keeping of glass, or for the making or keeping of any pot or pots for the making of glass, or for the keeping of any materials mixed or prepared for the making of glass, without having made such entry thereof as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the of- Officers of ex-ficers of excise, at all times, by day or by night, upon his or their cHe may, at request, to enter into all and every the workhouses, furnaces, pot ter into work chambers, annealing arches, warehouses, rooms, and other places houses* &e. to whatsoever, entered or made use of by any maker or makers of gage mate-glass, for the making, preparing, or keeping, any materials for dials, &c; an<* the making of glass, or for the making or keeping of glass, or for markP0LS* the making or keeping of any pot or pots for the making of glass, and at any such time or times, and from time to time, to inspect, examine, weigh, gage, or otherwise, take account of the metal and materials there mixed and prepared for the making of glass, ' as well before such metal and materials shall be put into the pot or pots, as after the same shall be put into the pot or pots, and of all glass there made or manufactured, or making or manufacture-Vo 1, XL.*Cc ing 5

386

Penalty of 5col. for

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 114. [1795.

ing; and also to examine, gage, or otherwise take an account of, the capacity or content of each and every pot there found for the making of glass; and to mark and number every such pot, in such manner as he or they {kail think fit; and if any person or

5coi. for persons whatsoever shall counterfeit or alter, or cause or procure

counterfeiting __________

marks, and aool. for defacing the m.

Four hours previous notice to be given of intention to heat any annealing arch, on penalty of sol.

No pot to be filled with metal till g^ged by the officer, on penalty of 50l.

No fire to be stirred, Sec. in any furnace or annealing arch, to obstruct the officer, on penalty of IQOI.

to be counterfeited or altered, any such mark on any pot for the making of glass, or shall connive at any such mark being so counterfeited or altered, the person or persons so offending shall for each and every such offence severally forfeit and lose the sum of five hurtdred pounds; and if any person or persons shall wilfully deface or obliterate any such mark, or cause or procure any such mark to be'defaced or obliterated, or shall connive at any such mark being so defaced or obliterated, the person or persons so offending shall for each and every such offence severally forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every maker and makers of glass shall, by the space of four hours next before the beginning to light, kindle, or prepare, any fire to heat his, her, or their annealing arch, into which any pot or pots for the making of glass shall have been placed or set, give to the officer or officers of excise under whole survey he, she, or they, shall then be, a notice in writing of his, her, or their, intention so to do, specifying therein the particular pot or pots so placed or set in such annealing arch, with the true numbers marked by the officer or officers of excise on such pot or pots, on pain of forfeiting the sum of twenty pounds for every negledkor refusal to give such notice as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no maker or makers of glass shall, after any pot for the making of glass shall have been placed or set in the furnace, begin to fill or charge any such pot with metal, or preparation for the making of glass, until the proper officer or officers of excise shall have previously examined and gaged such pot after the same shall have been placed or set in the furnace as aforesaid; and if any maker of glals shall, after any pot for the making of glass shall have been placed or set in the furnace, begin to fill or charge any such pot with metal, or preparation for making of glass, before the proper officer or officers of excise shall have examined and gaged such pot, after the same shall have been so placed or set in the furnace as aforesaid, all and every such maker and makers of glass so offending shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

V. And, that the officers of excise may be enabled, without per-final danger or inconvenience, to ascertain whether, after notice given, and a gage taken by the offcery and without fresh notice in writing, any metal, material, or preparation has been put into any pot used for the making of glays; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no maker or makers of glass-shall, during the space of one quarter of an hour after any officer or officers of excise shall have entered the.glass house of any such maker or makers of glass, and shall have forbidden the same, stir or break up the fire, or add fresh CQals or fuel thereto, in any furnace or annealing arch

belonging

38 7

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 114.

belonging to such glass house, or wilfully raise any smoke, or other noisome or offensive vapour, whereby, the officer may be hindered or obstructed in gaging or examining any pot or pots placed or set in any furnace or annealing arch, or in the examining the metal or materials in any such pot or pots in the furnace for the making of glass, or in gaging or ascertaining the quantity of any such metal or materials, or in examining or counting the vessels, utensils, or wares, in any annealing arch; and if any maker or makers of glass shall, contrary to the directions herein-before in that behalf contained, stir up or break up the fire, or add fresh coals or fuel thereto, in any furnace or annealing arch as aforesaid, or wilfully raise any such smoke, or other noisome or offen-five vapour, all and every such maker and makers of glass shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

VI. And whereas doubts have arisen whether the officers of excise

are authorised by law to unfop any pot containing metal or preparation for the making of glass; now, to obviate all such doubts, be it declared and enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all and Officers may every the officer and officers of excise shall and may at all times to

unstop or take down any stopper from any pot or pots contain- nak.ma

ing any metal or preparation for the making of glass, for the purpose of infp^cting, examining, gaging, or taking account of the materials, metal, or other preparations, in such pot or pots for the making of glass.

VII. And whereas it is expedient to ascertain and charge the duty for and in respect of the materials or metal, or other preparations made

use of in Great Britain in the making of common glass bottles, and other vessels or utenfls of common bottle metal, upon such makers of glass as shall be desirous thereof by and according to the weight of the bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, in lieu of ascertaining the weight of such materials or metal, or other preparations, by or according to the gage thereof taken in the pots: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any maker or makers of common glass bottles, or other vessels or ing common* utensils, shall be desirous of making common bottles, or other glass bottles, vessels or utensils of common bottle metal only, in any distinct &c. in distinct and separate glass house and building, and to be charged with a

and pay the duty for or in respect of the materials or metal, or thereof and of other preparations made use of in the making of such common their desire to bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, and pay the duty shall deliver in to the surveyor or supervisor of excise of the di- according to vision or diffrid within which his, her, or their glass house shall hotUes, ° be situate, a declaration in writing of his, her, or their being de- the officer not firous to be charged with and pay the said duty, according to the to chargeiton weight of the bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common boG the materials tie metal, and specifying the particular glass house and building* in which such maker or makers shall be desirous of making the same, then and in such case it shall not be lawful to or for any officer' or officers of excise to make any charge of duty from any gage or gages taken by such officer or officers in any pot or pots

c c 2 of

of the materials or metal, or other preparations made use'of by such maker or makers in fu'ch glass house or building for the making of common glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, any. thing in any act or acts of parliament contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: provided always nevertheless, that every such declaration, so delivered as aforesaid, shall be and remain in full force for six months at the leaf!, to be computed and reckoned from the time of the delivery thereof, and from thenceforth until the same shall be revoked or withdrawn, by a note or memorandum in waiting, delivered by such maker or makers of glass, to the surveyor or supervisor of excise of the division or diilridt within which his, her, or their glass house shall be situate.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That vering such all and every maker and makers of common glass bottles, or of other t^make^heir ve^s or uten^i§ of common bottle metal, having delivered such annealing declaration as aforesaid, shall, and he, she, and they, is and are arches of a hereby required to erect, build, make, and construct, every an-certain form, nealing arch or oven by him, her, or them, intended to be made them°onme £r u^e §^s ^ou^e or building as aforesaid, for the anneal-

nalty of 1001. big of common glass bottles, or of other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, in a redlangular form, with the fides and ends thereof perpendicular and parallel to each other respectively, and the bottom thereof level, and with only one mouth or entrance into the same, and shall number the same progressively with a durable mark; and if any such maker or makers shall erect, build, make, or construdf, any annealing arch or oven contrary to the directions of this act, or shall neglect or refuse to number and mark the same according to the directions of this act, or shall.make use of any annealing arch or oven not constructed in the manner before directed, all and every such maker or makers so offending shall for every such offence forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

Makers deli-

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That declaration to anc^ ever7 ma^er an^ makers of common glass bottles, or of fix^ro^grat*0 other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, having delivered ings to the such declaration as aforesaid, shall, at his, her, and their own mouth of expence, find, provide, and affix, a good and sufficient iron grating

annealing to t^e mouth or entrance of every annealing arch and oven by

ciics Qg j q /

approved of him, her, or them, intended to be made use of for the annealing

by the officer, of common glass bottles, or of other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, such iron grating to be approved of in writing by and under the hand of the respective surveyors or supervisors of excise of the division or district within which such annealing arch or oven shall be situate, and proper locks and keys, and all other necessary fastenings for securing and sealing every such annealing arch and oven, and the mouth or entrance, and iron grating thereof, shall be provided by the respective surveyors and supervisors of excise of such division or district, at the expence of such Annealing^e maker or makers; and each and every such annealing arch or lacked by the oveib an(i £be mouth or eatrajice, and iron grating thereof, shall be

Declarations to remain in force for lix months at feast.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 114. 389

be securely locked, fattened, and sealed, by the officer or officers ^cC^a^ce^)t of excise under whose survey such maker or makers respectively times# shall from time to time, be at all times, except when such maker or makers shall be actually at work in putting, placing, or depositing, therein common glass bottles, -or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, for the purpose of annealing the same therein, or when such annealing arch or oven shall be opened by the proper officer or officers of excise in that behalf, in pursuance of such previous notice as is herein after directed and prescribed for opening the same, for the purpose of lighting fire in or heating the same for annealing common glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, or for the purpose of drawing or talcing any such common glass bottles, or such other vessels or utensils as aforesaid, from or out of such annealing arch or oven, or for the purpose of necessarily repairing the same; and if any such maker or makers shall neglect or refuse, at his, her, neglecting to and their own expence, to find or provide such good and sufficient furnish or ft* iron grating, or to affix the same in the manner herein directed, iron gratings, before such annealing arch or oven shall be made use of as afore- hT

said, or to pay for any lock, key, or other necessary fattening which ^ifdngCfaften-shall be provided by any furvevor or supervifior of excise, accord- ings, &c. ing to the directions of this act, or if any person or persons shall obstruct or hinder any officer or officers of excise, or any person or persons by him or them employed in that behalf, in the fixing or placing any such fattening, in such manner as the said officer or officers shall direct or think expedient to answ'er the purposes by this at in that behalf intended, or in the locking, sealing, or securing, any such annealing arch or oven, or the mouth or entrance, or iron grating thereof, or any such fattening as aforesaid, or by any means, art, device, or contrivance whatsoever, shall open any such lock or annealing arch or oven, or the mouth, entrance, or iron grating thereof, after the same shall have been locked, sealed, fattened, or secured as aforesaid, before the same shall have been unlocked and opened by the officer of excise, or shall wilfully break or damage any such lock, seal or fattening, every such maker or makers, or other person or persons so offending, shall for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds: provided always nevertheless, that no ^chTo re^1^ such annealing arch or oven shall be, remain, or continue, un- 4main open locked or open, for any purpose or on any pretence whatever more than 24 (except for the necessary repairing thereof when empty) for any hours except greater or longer space of time than twenty-four hours, to be ^0i iePa^rs* computed and reckoned from the time when the same shall have been opened by the proper officer of excise; and that'it shall and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers of excise, under whose survey such maker or makers shall then be, at the end and expiration of such twenty-four hours? securely to lock, fatten, and seal, such annealing arch or oven, and the mouth, entrance, and iron grating thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notv/ithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ^monglaf* c c 3 where bottles to altei

39°

locks, &c. when required fuance of

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 114. [1795.

where any locks, keys or fastenings, shall be provided in pur-11 and every maker and makers of common

cife, on penalty oficol

b the furve this

ors or super- g^al's botdes, and other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, vifors of ex- to whom such locks, keys, and fastenings, respectively shall then belong, shall at his, her, or their own expence from time to time, and at all times, when required so to do by the respective surveyors or supervisors of excise of the division or distridf in which his, her* or their, glass house shall be situate, immediately set about the altering, repairing, and amending, and shall also, within a reason-abie time then next following, alter, repair, and amend, the same reflectively, according to such requisition; and if any such maker or makers of common glass bottles, or of other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, to whom any such locks, keys, and fastenings, or any or either of them, shall belong, shall neglect or refuse immediately to set about the altering, repairing, or amending the same, or to repair, amend, or alter the same, when thereunto required according to the directions of this act, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such neglect or refusal, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any maker or makers of common glass bottles, or of other

Makers delivering decla-

i2tlhours°ifo-e vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, having delivered such

tice of inten tion to heat annealing arches.

tend to unlock them.

If fires be not lighted within an hour, the

declaration as aforesaid, shall be desirous to light, kindle, or prepare, any fire to heat his, her, or their annealing arch or oven, into which any common glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, are intended to be put or deposited, for the purpose of annealing the same, such maker or makers shall give to the officer of excise, under whole survey he, she, or they. Officers to at- shall then be, twelve hours notice in writing of his, her, or their intention, and upon such notice being given such officer shall attend at the time mentioned in such notice, and shall unlock and open such annealing arch or oven, and the mouth or entrance, and iron grating thereof; and if any such maker or makers shall neglect or refuse to light, kindle, or prepare, such fire, within officerstolock one hour after such annealing arch or oven, and the mouth or up the arch, entrance, and iron grating thereof, shall be opened by such officer,

then such notice shall be void, and such officer shall again, immediately after the expiration of such one hour, lock up, fallen and seal, such annealing arch and oven, and the mouth or entrance, and the iron grating thereof, in manner aforesaid; and such maker and makers shall give the like and a fresh notice in writing to such officer, before such annealipg arch or oven, or the mouth or entrance, or iron grating thereof, shall be again opened.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every maker and makers of common glass bottles, or of other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, having delivered such declaration as aforesaid, shall, when and so soon as the same shall be severally and respectively blown or made, remove all and singular the common bottles, and other vessels and utensils of common bottle metal, by him, her, or them so blown pr made, directly into such annealing arch or arches, or oven or ovens*

and fresh notice to be given.

Bottles, when blown, to be removed into the annealing arch, and placed as the officers shall approve; and bottles of different m ak-

in osted by

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 114. 391

ovens, and shall there place and deposit the Tame in such manner ings not to be and form as the officer or officers of excise, under whose survey thereto such maker or makers shall then be, shall approve, and so that the or a"ny other* same may the most easily and secureJy be viewed, inspedfed, and fort of glass, examined, and the numbers and kinds thereof respectively ascer- on penalty of tained in each and every such annealing arch or oven; and no 50*such maker or makers shall at one and the same time put, place, have, or keep, in any such annealing arch or oven any common bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, of different makings, or fillings or chargings of the pots, nor shall any such maker or makers put, place, or keep, any other fort or species of glass or glass wares whatever, or any phials, in any such annealing arch or oven entered or made use of for the annealing of common bottles, or other vessels or utensils or common bottle metal; and if any such maker or makers shall neglect or refuse to remove, when and so soon as the same shall be blown or made, any such common bottles, or other vessels or utensils respectively of common bottle metal, by him, her, or them made, diredfly into such annealing arch or arches, or oven or ovens, or to place or deposit any such common bottles, or other vessels or utensils, in manner and form as aforesaid, or if any such maker or makers shall at one and the same time, put, place, or keep in any such annealing arch or oven, any common bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, of different makings, or fillings or chargings of the pots, or put, place, have, or keep, any other fort or species of glass or glass wares whatever, or any phials, in any annealing arch or oven entered or made use of for the annealing of common glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, every such maker or makers so offending shall for each and every such offence forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The whole of TThat all and every maker and makers of common glass bottles, be"ma*

prof other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, having de- nufactured livered such declaration as aforesaid, and having begun to work into common any common bottle metal from or out of any pot or pots, shall, glass bottles without any unnecessary delay or interruption, continue to work such common bottle metal out of all and every the pots then hours after charged in such glass house or building, and shall proceed therein beginning to until the whole of the metal by him, her, or them intended to be work it from manufactured shall be worked out of all such pots, and shall finish 3^ when the such working out thereof within sixteen hours next after such maker bottles are put or makers shall so have begun to work out the same; and when in the anneal-.and so soon as such metal shall have been so worked out as afore- arch> the said, and the common glass bottles or other vessels or utensils of again

common bottle metal, made or manufactured therefrom, put or in the presence deposited in the annealing arch or arches, or oven or ovens, such of the officer, maker or makers shall, in the presence of the officer of excise un- an<? a decU* der whose survey such maker or makers shall then be, again lumber of^ charge each and every such pot and pots with fresh materials or bottles deli-preparations, (other than cullet or broken glass) not less in vered him, on

c c 4. quantity penalty of 100l.

o9z Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 114. [1795.

quantity than fifty pounds weight, and shall also deliver to such officer a declaration in writing, specifying the true number ofbottles, and whether the lame are reputed quart or pint bottles, or bottles of any other and what reputed measure, and the true numbers and kinds of any other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal put or deposited and contained in each and every such annealing arch respectively; and if any such maker or makers shall neglect or refuse to work the metal from or out of such pot or pots within iuoh sixteen hours as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to deliver such declaration in writing as haft aforesaid, every such maker or makers so offending shall, for each and every such offence, for-Penalty not feit and lose the fu m of one hundred pounds: provided always mimb^ de^6 nevert^elefs5 that n0 such ranker or makers shall incur or be lia-clared does ble to the said penalty of one hundred pounds for or by reason of not differ from his, her, or their not delivering a true declaration as last afore-the.6iual in any case where the number of bottles, vessels, or utensils

shan^hve^n1*6 re»Pe£tively> of any particular kind, specined in any declaration the 100* f° delivered, shall not differ from the number of bottles, vessels,

or utensils respectively, so put, deposited, or contained, in any such annealing arch, in any greater proportion than in the proportion of five in the hundred; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided also, and be it enaefteu by the authority aforesaid, That all and every maker and makers of common glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, who to'be1 deemed* shall have begun to work any common bottle metal from or out of beginning to any pot in his, her, or their glass house or building, shall be deemed.

and taken to have begun to work out the common bottle 'metal from and out of every pot which shall at that time be charged with any materials or metal, or other preparations made use of in the making of common bottles, or of other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal within the same glass house or building.

XV7. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every maker and makers of common glass bottles, or of other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, having delivered such declaration as first aforesaid, shall, and he, (he, and they, is and are hereby required to keep sufficient and just feales and weights at the place or places where he, she, or they shall make or manufacture glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, and shall at his, her, and their own expence, find, provide, and affix, a fit and proper hook or staple in a proper place, to be approved of in writing by and under the hands of the respective surveyors or supervisors of excise of the division or dif-tri£l in which his, her, or their glass house shall be situate, and also permit and suffer any officer or officers of excise to use the same for the purpose of weighing and taking an account of the bottles, and other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, which shall at anytime be in the possession of such maker or makers of glass; and if any such maker or makers shall neglect to keep such feales and weights, or either of them, or shall not, at

Beginning to work metal out of any pot,

work the whole then charged.

Scales and weights to be kept for the use of the officers, on penalty of 50l.

393

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 114.

his, her, or their own expence, find, provide, and affix, a fit and proper hook cr staple in a proper and convenient place, to be approved of in writing by and under the hands of the respective surveyors or supervisors of excise of the division or district in which his, her, or their glass house shall be situate, or shall not permit or fuller any officer or officers of excise to use the same, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds; and if any such maker or makers of glass Penalty of shall, in the weighing of any such common glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, make use of, or cause, 9

or procure, or suffer to be made use of, any false, unjuPr, or insufficient scales or weights, or shall pradfife any art, device, or contrivance, by which any such officer or officers may be hindered or prevented from taking the just and true weight of any such glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, then and iii every such case such maker or makers shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds with all such false, unjust, or insufficient scales and weights respectively, and the same final and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, iz hours pre-That all and every maker and makers of common glass bottles, v, ous notice or of other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, having [^nrfonCto° delivered such declaration as first aforesaid, and being desirous to take bottles draw or take any glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils of com- out of the an-mon bottle metal, from or out of any annealing arch or arches or sealing arch; oven or ovens to him, her, or them belonging, shall, by the space of twelve hours next before the beginning to draw or take any such glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils, from or out of any such annealing arch or arches, or oven or ovens, give to the officer of excise under whose survey he, she, or they shall then be, a notice in writing of his, her, or their intention, Specifying each particular arch or oven, and the number thereof, from and out of which it is intended to take such common bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, and the particular time and hour at which it is so intended to begin to draw or take the same from or out of such annealing arch or arches, or oven or ovens, and upon such notice being given, such officer shall attend at the officer to at-time mentioned in such notice, and shall unlock and open such anc^the annealing arch and arches, and oven and ovens, for the purpose ^ken out C aforesaid, and such officer shall attend to fee such glass bottles, or within other vessels or utensils, respectively drawn or taken from and out hours. of such annealing arch and arches, and oven and ovens, and such maker or makers shall immediately on such officer's attendance begin to draw and take, and shall proceed and continue, without any unnecessary delay or interruption, to draw and take, from and out of such annealing arch and arches, or oven or ovens, the whole of the bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common - bottle metal, and shall draw and take the whole of such bottles, and other vessels and utensils respectively, from and out of such

annealing

taken out, to be weighed in the presence of the officer.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 114. [1795.

annealing arch and arches and oven and ovens within the space of four hours, to be computed and reckoned from the time of such beginning to draw or take such bottles, or other vessels or utensils, from and out of any such annealing arch or oven as Bottles, when aforesaid; and such maker or makers shall, immediately on such bottles, and other vessels and utensils respectively, being so drawn or taken from or out of such or oven, proceed to weigh the whole thereof and weights as aforesaid, in the presence and such weight shall be deemed and taken to the materials or metal, or other preparations bottles, or other vessels or utensils respectively, made; and such maker or makers shall be charged with and pay the duty for or in respect of such materials or metal, or other preparations, according to such weight: and if any such maker or makers of common glass bottles, or of other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, having given such notice, and begun to draw or take any such common glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils, from or out of his, her, or their annealing arch or

annealing arch, with such scales of such officer, be the weight of from which such shall have been

Penalty of iool. for delaying to draw, or not clearing out the whole in hours.

arches, or oven or ovens, shall not proceed and continue, without any unnecessary delay or interruption, to draw and take the whole of such common glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils respectively of common bottle metal, from and out of such annealing arch and arches, and oven and ovens, or shall not draw and take the whole of such bottles, or other vessels or utensils respectively, from and out of Tech annealing arch and arches, and oven and ovens within the space of four hours, to be computed and reckoned as aforesaid, then and in every such case such maker or makers so offending shall, for each and every such If makers ne- offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds; and if gleet to begin any such maker or makers of common glass bottles, or of other tlesoutgofan vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, having given any such nealinv arches notice as lafi: aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to begin to draw or immediately take such common glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils re-on their being spectively, from or out of his, her, or their annealing arch or

opened, fresh notice to be given.

No notice to be given for drawing out bottles, but between certain hours.

arches, or oven or ovens, immediately after such annealing arch or arches, or oven or ovens, and the mouths or entrances, and iron gratings thereof, shall be opened by such officer, then such notice shall be void, and such officer shall again immediately lock up, falien, and seal, each and every such annealing arch, or oven, and the mouth or entrance, and iron grating thereof, in manner aforesaid, and such maker and makers shall give the like and a fresh notice in writing to such officer before any such annealing arch, or oven, or the mouth or entrance, or iron grating thereof, shall be again opened; provided always nevertheless, that no such maker or makers of common glass, or of other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, shall be at liberty to give any such notice to draw or take any such common bottles, or other, vessels or utensils respectively, from or out of any of his, her, or their annealing arches or ovens, except in the day time, and that

between

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 114. 395

between the hours of eight in the morning and fix in the afternoon; and that every notice given for the drawing or taking any such common bottles, or other vessels or utensils respectively, from or out of any annealing arch or oven at any hour or time, other than in the day time, and that between the hours of eight in the#morning and fix in the afternoon, shall, and the same is hereby declared to be, null and void, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in the weighing as aforesaid of any such com- In weighing mon glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle common glass metal, the turn of the scale shall be given in favour of the crown; ^toWab" and in lieu thereof there shall be allowed to such maker or makers lowed for turn of such common glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils of com- of the scale. mon bottle metal, one pound weight upon each and every one hundred pounds of such common glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every maker and makers of common glass bottles, or Makers to af-of other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, having delivered Act officers in

weighing, &c* on penalty of

The allowance by 17

such declaration as first: aforesaid, shall, when and so often as he, she, or they, shall be thereunto required by the officer or 50i, officers of such excise under whose survey he, she, or they, shall then be, with a sufficient number of his, her, or their servants, aid and assist, to the utmost: of his, her, or their power, such, officer or officers in weighing and taking an account of all

00 o

common glass bottles, and other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, of such maker or makers, on pain of forfeiting for every neglect or refusal the sum of fifty pounds,

XIX. And whereas, by an act ? made in the seventeenth year of the

reign of his present Majesty, amongst other things, for the better collecting the duties upon glays, it was enacted, that in pots used for the making of common bottles, and of other vessels or utensils therein-before mentioned^ to be made of common bottle metal, an allovoance should be, made to the makers thereof of one fifth part of the metal or other Geo. 3. c. 39, materials contained therein: and whereas it is expedient to repeal of 1-5U1 part the said recited allowance: be it therefore enacted by the authority of the metal in aforesaid, That the said recited allowance shall be, and the same Sco^nmon" is hereby repealed, and ho such allowance shall hereafter be bottles, remade. pealed,

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Bottles not to no maker or makers of common glass bottles, or of other vessels be conveyed or utensils of common bottle metal, having delivered such decla- b^rchTill* ration as first: aforesaid, shall convey away any common glass weighed, and bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, from tobeproduced any annealing arch or oven before the proper officer of excise for that pur-shall have weighed the same, or shall neglect or refuse to produce

any such common glass bottles, vessels, or utensils, to such officer, y that he may weigh the same, according to the directions of this

396 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 114. [1795.

act; and if any such maker or makers dial) convey away any common glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils, of common bottle metal, from any annealing arch or oven before the proper officer of excise shall have weighed the same, or shall neglect or refuse to produce any such common glass bottles, vessels, or utensils, to such officer that he may weigh the same, according to the directions of this act, every such maker or makers of glass, shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Bonks weigh. That all and every maker and makers of common glass bottles, ed and not^Qr otjyer vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, having

weighed to kept separate. on penalty of, 5°1.

Penalty of

concealing the m.

delivered such declaration as first aforesaid, shall from time to time, and at all times, keep all common glass bottles, and all other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, in his, her, or their, custody or possession, (and which shall not have been weighed by the officer of excise, according to the directions of this act), separate and apart from all common glass bottles, and other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, which shall have been weighed, and from all other glass wares whatsoever, upon pain of forfeiting for every such offence the sum of fifty pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any maker or makers of common glass bottles, or other

jool. forufing vessels

or utensils of common bottle metal, having delivered 'such nealing arch- declaration as first aforesaid, shall, for the annealing of any comes, or remov- mon glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle

ing bottles not metal, make use of any private or concealed annealing arch, oven, weighed, or utensil>

or place whatever, other than his, her, or their, known annealing arch or arches entered for that purpose, or if any such maker or makers shall fraudulently remove or convey away any common glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, before the same shall have been weighed by the proper officer or officers of excise, or shall fraudulently hide or conceal any common glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, each and every such maker and makers so offending shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of five hundred pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no maker or makers of common glass bottles, or of other vessels or utensils of common bottle, metal, having delivered such declaration as first aforesaid, shall make or manufacture, within the same glass house or building, by him, her, or them, entered dr used for the making or manufacturing of common glass bottles, or in any glass h©use or building adjoining thereto, any phials, or any other fort or species of glass or glass wares whatever, except common bottles, and other vessels and utensils of common bottle metal, which vessels and utensils shall be such only as were, immediately before the passing of this act, usually made of common bottle metal; and if any such maker or makers of common glass

No phials>&c* to be made in any building entered for making common glass bottles, or in any adjoining building, on penaltyofzool.

bottles, or of other vessels or

utensils of common bottle metal

shall

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 114. 397

shall make or manufacture, within the same glass house or building, by him, her, or them entered or used for the making or, manufacturing of common glass bottles, or in any glass house or building adjoining thereto, any phials, or any other fort or species of glass or glass wares, except common bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal as aforesaid, every such maker or makers respectively shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any officer or officers of excise shall have cause to suspect On oath of that any-common glass bottles or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, which have been fraudulently removed or con- ^ny^ottles veyed away before the same shall have been weighed by the proper have been reofficer or officers of excise, according to the directions of this moved before act, shall be deposited, lodged, hid, or concealed, in any place or places whatsoever, then and in such case if such place or places bywar-shall be within the cities of London or Westminster, or within the rant search limits of the chief office of excise in London, upon oath made by suspected pla-such officer or officers before the commissioners of excise in Eng- IxTttl land for the time being, or any two or more of them; or in case^0 es* such place shall be in any other part of Great Britain, upon oath made by such officer or officers before one or more justice or juf-'tices of the peace for the county, riding, division, or place, where such officer or officers shall suspect the same to be deposited, lodged, hid, or concealed, (which respective oaths they the said commissioners of excise, or any two dr more of them, and justice or justices of the peace respectively, are hereby authorised and empowered to administer), setting forth the ground of his or their suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commissioners of excise, or any two or more of them, or the justice or justices of the peace respectively, (as the case may require), before whom such oath shall be made, if they or he shall judge it reasonable, by special warrant or warrants, under his and their respective hands and teals, to authorise and empower such officer or officers by day or by night, but if in the night time in the presence of a constable or other lawful officer of the peace, to enter into all and every such place or places where he or they shall so suspedf such common glass bottles or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal to be deposited, lodged, hid, or concealed, and to seizeand carry away all such common glass bottle?, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, which he or they shall then and there find so deposited, 'lodged, hid, or concealed, as forfeited; and if any and persons person or persons whatsoever shall iet, obstruct, or.hinder, any obftnnfting such officer or officers so authorised or empowered, or any other f^ool person or persons acting in his or their aid or assistance, in the execution of such warrant, from entering any such place or places where such officer or officers shall so suspect such common glass bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, to be so deposited, lodged, hid, or concealed, or in seizing or carrying away the same, or in the due execution of any such warrant, the person or persons so offending, shall for each and every such offence several lv forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 114. [1795.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall obstruct or hinder any officer or officers of excise in the execution of any of the powers Or authorities to him or them given or granted by this or any other act or acts of parliament relating to glass, the person or persons so offending therein shall, for each and every such offence, (other than those for which any penalty is he rein-before specially imposed or provided), severally forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

XXVI. Provided always nevertheless, That nothing in this act contained, relative to ascertaining and charging the duty on the materials or metal, or other preparations used in the making common bottles, or other vessels or utensils of common bottle

put into pots, metaL by and according- to the weight of such common bottles,

39s

Penalty of aool. on persons obstructing officers in nny part of their duty.

Act not to prevent officers from gaging metal before it is

or taking samples.

Recovery and application of penalties.

or other vessels or utensils of common bottle metal, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make it unlawful to or for any officer or officers of excise from time to time, and at all times, to inspedf, examine, gage, or otherwise take account of the metal and materials mixed and prepared for the making of glass in any such glass house or building as aforesaid, as well before such metal or materials shall be put into any pot or pots, as after the same shall be put into any pot or pots, or to take a sample or samples, not exceeding four ounces in the whole, out of each such pot, or any other vessel or utensil containing such preparation for making glass.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this act imposed, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or* forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them, who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Powers of acts That the powers, authorities, methods, rules, directions, regu-^udeson^lafs6 lat*ons> penalties, forfeitures, provisions, clauses, matters, and except hereby things, which, in and by any act or acts of parliament relating

'*to the duties on the materials, or metal or other preparations

made use of in Great Britain in the making of glass, in force immediately before the passing of this act, are contained, provided, settled, or established, for managining, assessing, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, aCcertaining, enforcing, or securing, the said duties, and for preventing, deteCI-ing, and punishing, frauds relating thereto, (except where the lame are expressly altered by this act), shall be and remain in full force, to all intents and purposes, and the same powers, authorities, methods, rules, directions, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, provisions, clauses, matters, and things, (except as before excepted )5 shallcontinue to be duly obfei ved, practised, applied, used

and

altered, to remain in force.

399

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. .115.

&nd put in execution, throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes,

(except as before excepted), as if the said powers, authorities, rules, directions, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, provisions, clauses, matters, and things, had been expressly inserted and re-enacted in this present act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall commence and take effect, as to all such mat- Commence-ters and things therein contained, in respect whereof no special commencement is hereby directed or provided from and immedi- Of a(c^ ately after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and dial] remain and continue in force, as to all such matters and things therein contained, in respect whereof it is not hereby otherwise directed, for the space of two years to be computed from that day.

CAP. CXV.

An act for allowing, for a limited time, the importation of goods from India and China, and other parts within the limits of the exclusive trade of the East India company, in ships not of Bfitifti-built) nor regifered as such \ and for the exportation of goods from Great Britain by the same flips, under certain rejiriftons.

[June 26, 1795.]

WHEREAS the court of directions of the united company Preamble-of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, with the approbation of the board of of for the affairs of India, have sent inflruClions to their presidencies in the East Indies to take up such proper ships as they can procure for fending home inveflmerits of goods from India and China, and other parts within the limits of the said company's trade, in the place of ships usually sent from this country to India and China for that purpose, which la ft mentioned ships now are or may be engaged in the publick service: and whereas the ships so to be taken up may not be British-£/h//, or have been regifered as such, and may not be navigated as required by the laws now in force: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, if, during the continu- During the ance of the present war, and for eighteen months after the con- Pre^nt war* elusion thereof, any such ship shall arrive in the ports of this ^3 a?ter kingdom, freighted with goods in the manner, and from any of its conclusion* the places within the limits before-mentioned, it shall and may ships arriving be lawful, upon representation made by or on behalf of the said tro: n the company to his Majesty in council, for his Majesty, by and with £j?c^ the advice of his privy council, to authorise the importation and company, entry of such goods, subject to the like duties and no other, as if may be per-they were imported in British-built ships, though such goods routed to en-shall be brought in ships which may not be British-built, nor have eood^thouch been registered as British-built ships, nor navigated as required not Sriiifli-by the laws now in force j provided the said Clips shall have been built, if built

built within the-

400 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. n6. [i 795.

territories built within the territories belonging to the said united- East Ile*0, n^n^ to India company, or in the ports under the immediate protection &c.Cand'to«c- °* t^ie Brit iff flag in the East Indies and also to permit such port goods to ships to export from this kingdom to the British) settlements in the Ealt In- the East Indies, or to any of the places within the limits before % ies' mentioned, with the licence and consent of the said company,

any goods, wares, or merchandizes whatsoever, ordnance and military stores excepted; any lav/, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. liable to^for- IP And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That feiture, nor such ships shall not be liable to forfeiture, nor shall any persons the persons whatever be liable to any penalty or forfeiture on account of any able°to^ng^importation of goods, wares, or merchandize, in pursuance of nalty.° Pe- this act, or of any order or orders of his Majesty in council which may be issued in virtue thereof.

CAP. CXVI.

An act to remove doubts arifng from the construction of certain acts of this session of parliament respecting the duties of excij'e thereby granted on waff, coffee, cocoa nuts, foreign spirits, wines, and Jweets.

[June 26, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in this present[effort of parlia- 35 Geo. 3. merit, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty addin-c. 11. recited, onal duties of excise on worts, wash, and other liquors, made in England\ for extracting spirits for home consumption; and for preventing distillers from making use, of wheat or wheat flour in making wash for extracting spirits; it was enacted, that there should be rased, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and in respect of the several matters and things therein-after mentioned, over and above all duties already imposed for or in respect thereof by any act or acts of parliament, the further duties of excise therein-afer mentioned: and whereas doubts may arise respecting the true construction of the said act: now, to obviate and remove all such doubts, and to, declare the true intent and meaning of the said act, it is hereby declared and enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

duties iof- That, under and by virtue of the said act, the further duty of one posed by re- penny, first mentioned in the said act, is and was intended to be, cited act, to and the same shall be deemed and taken to be and to-have been

extend as well imposed as we]J for anci in respect of every gallon of fermented

to Wcif made*7 a o

and notac- wort or warn which was brewed or made in that part of Great

tually distilled Britain called England, for extracting spirits for home consump-into spirits on tion, from any malt, corn, grain, or tilts, or any mixture with the or before Feb. same, and was not actually distilled into spirits on or before the -wash7madeS ° twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and since that day. ninety-five, as for and in respect of every gallon of the like fermented wort or wash which, since the said twenty-third day of

February

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 116.

February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the passing of this act shall be, brewed or made for the purpose aforesaid; and that the further duty of one penny, secondly mentioned in the said act, is and was intended to be, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect of every gallon of cyder or perry, or any other wash or liquor, which was brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England, from any fort or kind of British materials, (except such as are before mentioned), or from any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumption, and was not actually distilled into spirits on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every gallon of the like cyder or perry, or other wash or liquor, which, since the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the passing of this act shall be, brewed or made for the purpose aforesaid; and that the duty of one penny halfpenny, mentioned in the said act, is and was intended to be, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect of every gallon of fermented wort or wash, which was brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England, from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumption, and was not actually distilled into spirits on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every gallon of the like fermented wort or wa{h which, since the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the passing of this act shall be, brewed or made for the purpose aforesaid; and that the further duty of two-pence, mentioned in the said act, is and was intended to be, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect of every gallon of waih which was brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England\ from foreign refused wine or foreign cyder, or wash prepared from foreign materials, (except melasses and sugar), or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumption, and was not actually distilled into spirits on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every gallon of the like wafti which, firtce the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the passing of this act shall be, brewed or made for the purpose aforesaid; and also that the further duty of two shillings and eight-pence three farthings, and so in proportion, mentioned in the said act, is and was intended to be, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed, as Well for and in respect of every ninety-six gallons of wasti, which sir William Bishop, Jrgles Bifoop^ and George BiJJ) of, or the survivors or survivor of them, did produce from a weight of malt or other corn, including the bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve pounds, and which Vox, XL. D d was

tional duties thereby imposed on cocoa nuts and

4x22 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 116. [1794.

was not actually distilled into spirits on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every gallon of the like wash which, since the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the passing of this adMhall be, so produced for the purpose aforesaid. n

II. And whereas by another ad7, made in this present session of par-

I. ultltu^d. An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on tea, coffee, and cocoa nuts, it was enacted, that there should be raised, levied, collectedr, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and in respect of the several tnatters and things therein-after mentioned, over and above all duties already imposedfor or in rejpcfi thereof by any act or acts of parliament, the further duties of excise therein-after mentioned: and whereas doubts may also arise respecting the t rue construFtion of the said last mentioned act: now, to obviate and remove all such doubts, and to declare the true intent and meaning of the said last mentioned act, it is and the addi- hereby declared and enabled by the authority aforesaid, That, i unclej- and by virtue of the said last mentioned act, the further

duty of sixpence halfpenny, mentioned in the said last mentioned act, is and was intended to be, and the same shall be deemed and coffee deliver- taken to be and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect houses°forare" everT Pound weight avoirdilpoife of cocoa nuts of the growth home con- or produce of any British colony or plantation in America, which fumption, to was imported into Great Britain on or before the said twenty-extend as well third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-im^orted^nd anc^ w^c'n was delivered out of the warehouse in which the so delivered on same had been lodged under the cate and custody of the proper or before Feb. officers for fecliring the duties payable thereon for home con-1795" ancJ fumption, on or before the said twenty-third day of February one diities^wereseven hundred and ninety-five, and so in proportion for not then paid, any greater or less quantity, and for which all the duties payable as to cocoa thereon were not paid on or before the said twenty-third day of nuts and cof* February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in anVfodehvei* re^Pe(^ every pound weight of the like cocoa nuts which, since ed bnce that the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hun-day. dred and ninety-five^ hath been, or after the passing of this aeft

shall be, imported into Great Britain, and afterwards delivered out of any such warehouse for horfte consumption; and that the said further duty of one shilling and eight-pence, mentioned in the said last mentioned act, is and was intended to be, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect of every pound weight avoirdupois of cocoa nuts of the growth or produce of any other place, which v/as imported into Great Britain on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and which was delivered out of the warehouse in which the same had been lodged under the care and custody of the proper officers for securing the duties payable thereon for home consumption, on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and so in proportion for any greater of

left

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. ± 16. 403

less quantity, and for which all the duties payable thereon were not paid on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every pound weight of the like cocoa nuts which, since the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the passing of this act shall be* imported into Great Britain, and afterwards delivered out of any such warehouse for home consumption; and that the said further duty of six-pence halfpenny, mentioned in the said last mentioned act, is and Was intended to be, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect of every pound weight avoirdupois of coffee which was imported into Great Britain on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and which was delivered out of the warehouse in which the same had been lodged under the care and custody of the proper officers for securing the duties payable thereon for home consumption, on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, and for which all the duties payable thereon were not paid on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every pound weight of coffee, which since the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been^ or after the passing of this act shall be, imported into Great Britain, and afterwards delivered out of any such warehouse for home consumption.

III. And whereas, by another a St, made in this present session of parliament* intituled An act for granting to his Majesty additional 35 Geo. p duties of excise on foreign spirits, it was enaSied, that there Jloould c* Ia* rec*tS(* be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the life of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and in respect of the several matters and things therein-after mentioned, over and above all duties already imposed for or in respect thereof, by any cSl or aids of parliament, the further duties of excise therein-after mentioned: and whereas doubts may also arise respe Sting the true confruStion of the said la ft mentioned aSi: now, to obviate and remove all such doubts, and to declare the true intent and meaning of the said last mentioned a cl, it is hereby declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, Additional under and by virtue of the said last mentioned act, the further duties of rod. duty of ten-pence, mentioned in the said last mentioned act, is per gaVlon on and was intended to be, and the same shall be deemed and taken brandy, and to be and to hatfe been imposed, as well for and in respect of 8d., and is. every gallon of single brandy-which was imported into Great Bri- per 2a^OIt tain, and for which all the duties payable thereon were not Pa^ the Britirti* on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand colonies, im-seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every posed by re-gallon of the like single brandy which, since the said twenty-third cired day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath well^to^thotef' been, or after the passing of this Aact shall be, imported into Great imported, and Britain > and that the further duty of one shilling and eight-pence, for which

DD 2 mentioned duty was not

404 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 116. [1795.

9? or mentioned in the said last mentioned act, is and was intended to 1795^as to*3' ant* t^e ^ame he deemed and taken to be and to have those import- ^een imposed, as well for and in respect of every gallon of brandy ed since that above proof, which was imported into Great Britain, and for day> which all the duties payable thereon were not paid on or before

the said twenty-third day of February, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every gallon of the like brandy above proof, which, since the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the passing of this act shall be, imported into Great Britain, and that the further duty of eight-pence, mentioned in the said last mentioned act, is and was intended to be, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect: of every gallon of rum, spirits, or aqua vita^ of the produce of the British colonies or plantations, which was imported into Great Britain, and for which all the duties payable thereon were not paid on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every gallon of the like rum, spirits, or aqua vita^ which, since the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the passing of this act shall be, imported into Great Britain; and that the further duty of one shilling and four-pence, mentioned in the said last mentioned act, is and was intended to be, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect: of every gallon of rum, spirits, or aqua vita, above proof, of the produce of the British colonies or plantations, which was imported into Great Britain, and for which all the duties payable thereon were not paid on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every gallon of the like rum, spirits, or aqua vita above proof, which, since the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after and the addi- the passing of this act shall be, imported into Great Britain; and Str ^urt^er duty eight-pence is and was intended to be,

is. 46. per and the same shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been

gallon re- imposed, for and in respect of every gallon of rum or spirits of

spectively im- the produce of the Britifa plantations, which, on the said twenty-

POrted°nrits third

day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, H^warehouses. was or were ln any warehouse in which the same had been put, sub-to extend to jed and according to the rules, regulations, restrictions, and provi-all io ware- lions, contained and provided in an act, made in the fifteenth year of °i n the r£*»n °fhis late majesty King George the Second, concerning and delivered* t^e landing of rum or spirits of the British {ugar plantations before after that clay payment of the duties of excise, and lodging the same in ware-for home houses, and which was or were, from and after the said twenty-

consumption. thjrc| day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, delivered out of any such warehouse for home consumption, (except such rum or spirits as in the said act: is or are excepted); and that the further duty of one shilling and four-pence is and was intended tQ be, and the same shall be deemed and taken to

be

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 116. 405

be and to have been imposed, for and fn respect: of every gallon of rum or spirits over proof, of the produce of the British plantations, which, on the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, was in any such warehouse, and which was or were, from and after the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, delivered out of any such warehouse for home consumption, (except such rum or spirits as in the said act is or are in that behalf excepted); and that the further duty of ten-pence, mentioned in Additional the said last mentioned act, is and was intended to be, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed, cited act of as well for and in respect of every gallon of single spirits or aqua iod. and is. vita (other than such brandy, rum, or spirits, as aforesaid), which 8d. respectwas imported into Great Britain, and for which all the duties °^er

payable thereon were not paid on or before the said twenty-third than brandy, day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as &c. to extend for and in respect of every gallon of the like single spirits or aqua as well to vita9 which, since the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the which duty passing of this act shall be, imported into Great Britain; and that was not paid, the further duty of one ftiilling and eight-pence, mentioned in or before the said last mentioned act, is and was intended to be, and the ^setQ^fe79, !', lame shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed, imported as well for and in respect of every gallon of spirits or aqua vites since that day. (other than such brandy, rum, or spirits, as aforesaid) above proof, which was imported into Great Britain, and for which all the duties payable thereon were not paid on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every gallon of the like spirits or aqua vita, which, since the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the passing of this act shall be, imported into Great Britain.

IV. And whereas by another act ? made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty additional 35 G£°* 3; duties of excise on foreign wine and sweets, it was enacted, that c* I0*ieci e there should be raised, leviedcollested, and paid, unto and for the use of his Adajefy, his heirs and face effors^ for and in respect of the several matters and things therein-after mentioned, over and above all duties already imposed for or in respect thereof by any act or acts of parliament, the further duties of excise therein-after mentioned: and whereas doubts may also arise respect big the true construction of the said last mentioned act: now, to obviate and remove all such doubts, and to declare the true intent and meaning of the said last mentioned act, it is hereby declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, Additional __ under and by virtue of the said last mentioned act, the further duty of thirty pounds, mentioned in the said last mentioned act, is and tun respect was intended to be, and the same shall be deemed and taker! to be lively imposed and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect of every tun of by recited act French wine, which was imported into Great Britain, and for ^ther^vines11^ which all the duties payable thereon were not paid on or before to extend as the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hun- well to those dree} aftd ninety-fiye, as for and in respect of every tun of the like imported, and,

d D 3 wine

406 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 116. [1795.

forwhichduty wine which, since the said twenty-third day of February one thou-on or'^oefore*and*even ^unc^rect and ninety-five, hath been, or after the patting Feb. 23, 1795, ^IS a(^ imported into Great Britain, and so in pro-

as tothofeim- portion for any greater or less quantity of any such wine; and P°rted lince that the further duty of twenty pounds, mentioned in the said lad: t at day, mentioned act, is and was intended to be, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed, as well for and in respect of every tun of Portugal and Madeira wine, and wine of the produce of Spain, or of any of the dominions of the king of Spain, and wine of all other forts which was imported into Great Britain, and for which all the duties payable thereon were not paid on or before the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as for and in respect of every tun of the like wine which, since the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, hath been, or after the passing of this act shall be, imported into Great Britain, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity of hndtheaddi- such wine; and that the further duty of eleven shillings and sweet^to^be11 ^even"Pence three farthings, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, mentioned in the said last mentioned act, is and was intended to be, and the same shall be deemed and taken to be and to have been imposed, for and in respect of every barrel of liquor which was made in Great Britain for sale, by infusion, fermentation, or otherwise from fruit or sugar, or from fruit or sugar mixed with any other ingredients or materials whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the name of Made Wines, after the said twenty-third day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, this act?en<* m an^ by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of

King Charles the Second, intituled An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights service and purveyance; and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof; or by any other law now in force relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining, the duties thereby granted, or any of them, shall be practised, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying, the excise duties by this act imposed, and for preventing, detecting, and puniflaing, frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present act*

deemed imposed on all made after that day.

Powers of 12 Car. 2. c. 24.

to this act.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 117* 4°7

CAP. CXVII.

An act for allowing the importation of rape seed, and other feeds used for extracting oil, from any country whatever, whenever the prices of middling British rape seed shall be above a certain limit.

[June

26, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the fifteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for encouraging the 5 Geo. 3. manufactures of rape oil, and other vegetable oils, in this king- c. 34* dom, by reducing the duties on rape seed, and other feeds producing oil, imported from Ireland; and for allowing the free importation of rape cakes for manure, from Ireland, to this kingdom; and by another aCi, passed in the twenty-five nth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for repealing the several duties of0, 139 customs and excise, and granting other duties in Jieu thereof, and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the publick revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt; and by another act passed in the thirtieth year of his present Majestfs reign, intituled An act for lay- 3° Geo. 3. ing a du£y on the importation from any of the provinces in North c. 4l. reci e " America, of rape seed, and all other feeds used for extracting oil, and for allowing the importation from the said provinces of rape cakes, or cakes made of rape seed, used for manure, duty free; rape seed, and all other feeds commonly made use of for the purpose of extracting oil therefrom, being the growth ^Ireland, or of his Ma-jefifs colonies, plantations, or provinces, in North America, are allowed to be imported from thence, on payment of the duty of one shilling per la ft, whenever the prices of middling British rape seed shall be at or above the price of seventeen pounds ten findings per laji, under; certain conditions, regulations, and rest rill ions; and also rape cakes, or cakes made of rape seed, and commonly used for the purpose of mad mire, being the growth of Ireland, or of the said colonies, plantations, and provinces, in North America, duty free: and whereas it is expedient to permit the importation of rape seed, and all other feeds commonly made use of for the purpose of extracting oil therefrom, from any country whatsoever, in like manner, and under the same conditions, rules, regulations, and refiriCiions, as fuel? feeds are allowed to be imported from Ireland, or the said colonies., plantations, and provinces, in North America, whenever the prices of middling British rape seed shall be above a certain limit: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Aact, it shall and may be lawful

D 4 i°r trading oil

4oS

therefrom, may e imported in British built ships, from any country.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 118. [1795.

for any person or persons whatever, to import into Great Britain, in a British-built ship owned and navigated according to law, from any country whatever, rape seed, and all other feeds commonly made use of for the purpose of extracting oil therefrom, on 1 payment of the duty of one {billing per last, whenever the prices on the duty^ Gf middling British rape seed shall be at or above the price of \vhen th^price twenty pounds per last, and under the same conditions, rules, and of middling restrictions, penalties and forfeitures, as such feeds are, now al-British rape lowed to be imported from Ireland, or from his Majesty's colo-hfl.n^es' Potations, or provinces in North America.

Continuance And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue in

of aft* force for one year, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

[Preamble.]

If foreign wine is not entered, or the duties paid, or if it is not landed within zo days after entry should have been made, and it should be conveyed to the King's ware-house agreeable to 26 Geo. 3. c. 59. warehouse rent shall be paid, withexpences,

Cap. cxviii.

An act for charging warehouse rent on wines, in certain cases, secured in his Majests warehouses; for equalizing the duties on wines exported to India and China: and for providing warehouses for coffee and cocoa nuts imported into this kingdom — [June 26, 1795.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that warehouse rent should be paid for foreign voine, in certain cases, and that the same should be disposed of in manner herein after directed: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's moll: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, when the proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, or consignee or consignees, shall neglect or refute to make due entry of any foreign wine, or to pay the duties, or to land such wine within the twenty days prescribed by an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing certain duties now payable on wines imported, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof to be coU lested tender the managemeyit of the commissioners of excise, and such wine, together with the casks, bottles, and packages, containing the same, shall, in pursuance of the said act, be carried or conveyed to any of his Majesty's warehouses for security of the duties due or payable in respect of such wine, the proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, or consignee or consignees, of such.wine., over and besides the duties for or in respect of such wine, shall, before the same shall be delivered to him, her, or them, from or out of such warehouse or warehouses, first pay into the hands of the proper warehouse keeper of custorns or excise, warehouse rent for such wine, at and after the rate of sixpence per week for each and every cask or other package of such wine, from the day on which such wine shall have been unladen or taken from on board the ship or vessel in which the same shall have been imported, until

the

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 118. 409

the day on which such wine shall be cleared and taken out of such warehouse or warehouses, together with the costs, charges, and expences, attending the conveying of such wine, casks, and packages to such warehouse or warehouses, or otherwise relating to such wine, casks, and packages; and if the proprietor or pro-If the duties, prietors, importer or importers, or consignee or consignees, of are not such wine, shall, for the space of three months from the time of ^tl^thee such wine having been so carried or conveyed to such warehouse W1*ne m'ay or warehouses, omit, r^rlecft, or refuse, to pay and satisfy all the fold for pay-duties due and payable for or in respect of such v/ine, together ment, by the with such warehouse rent, costs, charges, and expences, it shall ^customs and may be lawful to and for the respective of of cuf- or excise. toms and excise in England and Scotland, or the major part of them respectively for the time being, after the expiration of such three months, to cause all such wine, casks, and packages to be publickly sold to the best bidder, at such places as the said respective of shall think proper, for and towards satisfying such duties, warehouse rent, costs, charges, and expences; and if the money arising from such sale shall be equal to, or more than sufficient to pay and satisfy all the said duties, together with such warehouse rent, costs, charges, and expences, the respective receivers general of the customs in England and Scotland for the time being (in case the said respective of of the customs, or the major part of them respectively, shall cause such wine to be sold) shall pay over to the said respective commissioners of excise so much of the proceeds of such sale as will be sufficient to satisfy the excise duties by law imposed for or in respect of such wine; and the said respective commissioners of excise (in case they, or the major part of them respectively, shall cause such wine to be sold) shall pay over to the said respective receivers general of the customs so much of the proceeds of such sale as will be sufficient to satisfy the custom duties by law imposed for or in respect of such wine, and the overplus (if any be) shall be paid to the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or consignees, of such wine, or other person or persons authorised to receive the same; and if, upon such wine and when put being put up or offered to sale, no person or persons shall offer up to> sale, if or bid for the same as much or more money than the said duties ftdhciejU.^0^ taken together would amount to, together with such warehouse gfj rent, cost, charges, and expences, as aforesaid, then, and in such be offered, the case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such of re- same may be specftively to cause the same to be publickly fold, as they the said respective of shall think best, either for exportation tioifov dVftiu immediately from such warehouse or warehouses, or in order to lation, &c. ' be difiilled into brandy, or to be made into vinegar, under the inspection of the proper officer or officers of excise, at the entered distillery or vinegar works of some licensed distiller or vinegar maker, taking sufficient security by bond, to the use of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, to the satisfaction of the major part of such of respectively, that such wine be not made use of for any purpose whatsoever, other than that for

which

4l°

Division of the produce.

Wine so fold for exportation, if shipt before bond be given, forfeited.

Manner in which bond shall be discharged.

which the same shall be so fold; and the said respective of shall, out of the money arising from such sale as last mentioned, discharge and pay, in the first place, all such warehouse rent, coffs, charges, and expences as aforesaid, and shall divide the residue (if any be) into five equal parts; and the said respective of of the customs (in case they, pr the major part of them, shall cause such wine to be so fold) shall pay over three of such five parts to the said respective commissioners of excise, towards satisfying the excise duties for or in respect of such wine; and the said respective commissioners of excise (in case they, or the major of them respectively, shall cause such wine to he so fold) shall pay over two of such five parts to the said respective receivers general of the customs, towards satisfying the custom duties for or in respect of such wine.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any such wine, which shall be so fold for exportation, shall be laden on board any ship or vessel in any of the ports of this kingdom, before such bond shall be given, the wine so laden, together with the casks and other packages containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such respectiveSecurities by bond, herein-fiefore directed to be given, shall be discharged in manner herein after mentioned; (that is to say), for such of the said wines as shall be sold for exportation, and to be landed in Ireland, the condition of the bond shall be, to bring in a certificate in discharge thereof, within six months from the date of the bond \ and within twelve months for such of the said wines as shall be sold for, and to be landed in any other foreign port or place in Europe; and within eighteen months for such of the said wines as shall be sold for, and to be landed in any of his Majesty's plantations in America pr Africa, or any of the united flates of America; and within twenty-four months for such of the said wines as shall be sold for, and to be landed in any port or place at or beyond the Cape of Good Hope 5 which said certificate for such wines as aforesaid as shall be landed in any port or place where any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs shall be resident, shall be signed by the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's customs there, importing that such wine was there landed, and teflifying the landing thereof; and if no officer of his Majesty's customs shall be resident in such port or place where such wine shall be landed, such certificate shall be signed by the British confpl, or other person acting as such there, purporting that such wine was there landed, and teflifying the landing thereof; and if no officer of his Majesty's customs, or British consul, or other person acting as such, shall be resident in such port or place where such wine shall be landed, such certificate shall be under the common seal of the chief magistrate in such port or place, or under the hands and seals of two known British merchants then being at such port or place, that such wine was there landed, or such bond or bonds

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 118. 41

bonds shall be discharged upon proof, in either of the said cases, that such wine was taken by enemies, or perished in the seas, or by fire, the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgement of the said respective of, or the major part of them respectively for the time being; and such bond hereinbefore directed to be given for such wine as shall be so sold to be distilled into brandy, or made into vinegar, shall be discharged on the production of a certificate from the proper officers or officer of excise, that such wine has been so made use of, within three months after the same shall have been delivered out of such warehouse.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the receipts of the said respective commissioners of excise ^£C£Jp^s^ shall be a sufficient discharge to the said respective receivers ge- sioners^oTex-neral of the customs for such money as they shall so pay to the cife and cuf-said respective commissioners of excise, and the receipts of the toms respectsaid respective receivers general of the customs shall be a fqffi- be

cient discharge to the said respective commissioners of excise for discharges such monies as they shall so pay to the said respective receivers general; and such receipts shall severally be allowed by the proper officer or officers in passing the accounts of the said respective commissioners of excise and receivers general of the customs.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Persons forg-if any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or [ideates for*" procure to be forged or counterfeited any certificate by this act discharge of required for the discharge of any bond or bonds given, entered bonds, or of-into, or executed, for or in respect of any such wine, or shall fi^cers^conmy-produce to any collector or other chief officer of the customs, or to^forfei/iool. to any collector or other officer of excise, or make use of any

forged, counterfeited, false or untrue certificate, as and for any certificate by this act required for the discharge of any such bond or bonds, knowing the same to be so forged or counterfeited, or if any officer or officers of the customs or excise shall connive at any such certificate being so forged or counterfeited, or at any such forged, counterfeited, false, or untrue certificate being fa produced or made use of, all and every the person and persons so offending shall, for each and every such offence, severally forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if, after the Clipping of Wine if un-any such wine, the same wine, or any part thereof, shall be un- ^nedom^af. shipped, unladen, or laid on land, or put into any other ship, ter it is shipt, vessel, or boat, within this kingdom, (shipwreck or other unto be forfeited avoidable accident excepted), that then and in every such case, treble over and above the penalty of the bond, which shall be levied the va*ue % and recovered to his Majesty's use, all such wine which shall be

so unshipped, unladen, or laid on land, or put into any other ship, vessel, or boat, within Great Britain, (shipwreck or other unavoidable accident excepted), with treble the value thereof, shall be forfeited, and such wine shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise,

4i$ Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. uS.

[1795.

VII. And whereas the drawback of the duties of excise now allow -edfor or in respect of foreign wine exported io China is less than such drawback alloived for or in respect of such foreign wines exported to the British settlements in the East Indies, and it is expedient to

for foreign equalise the said drawbacks, be it therefore enacted, That there ?e export- shall be paid and allowed, for or in respect of all foreign wines thefamedraw- w^ich shall, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand back to be al- seven hundred and ninety-five, be exported from Great Britain lowed as for as merchandize to China, the lame drawback of the duties of

eEast Indies exc^e as are now by ^aw a^owe^ for Qr in respect of foreign on conditions' w^ne exported from Great Britain as merchandize to any of recited act. British settlement in the East Indies: provided always nevertheless, that no drawback granted by this act shall be paid or allowed, nor any certificate or debenture for the same be given or made out, save and except upon the lame terms and conditions, and under, subject, and according to the rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, contained, provided, settled, or established, in and by the said act made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty j and the said rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties and forfeitures shall be, and the same respectively are hereby directed to be used, applied, practised, and put in execution on the exportation of wine, for the purpose of obtaining the drawback by this act granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, had been expressly repeated and re-enacted in this act,

VIII. And whereas the laws now in force for securing the duties, upon coffee and cocoa nuts have been found infuffcient to answer the

good purposes thereby intended; and for the better securing the said duties, and for the accommodation of the importers of coffee and cocoa nuts, it is expedient io provide and enadl the several rules, regulations, and provisions herein after prescribedy be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners of excise in England in Great Bri- ^or t^me befog> anc^ the commissioners of excise in Scotland

tain, to pro- for the time being, shall, with all convenient speed, and they re^ vide ware- spectively are hereby authorised and required, out of any of the lodU?n ^coffee ^ut: ies or revenues of excise under their management, to provide, ancf cocoa*rom time to time, at or near to the several and respective ports nuts. in England and Scotland respectively, such warehouse and ware-

houses as they respectively shall deem requisite and necessary for depositing, lodging, and securing therein all such coffee and cocoa nuts respectively as shall be imported at such respective ports, pommission^

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That and x^fe0^ of of the customs in England for the time being, appoint ofll- or any four or more of them, and the of of the cuf-ctrs to attend toms in Scotland for the time being, or any three or more of warehouses. them, shall, and they respectively are hereby authorised and required to appoint one or more officer or officers of the customs in England and Scotland respectively to attend all and every such warehouse or warehouses so to be provided, according to the dU. edtions of this act, in England and Scotland respectively; and

thq

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 118. 413

the commissioners of excise in England and Scotland respectively, or the major part of them respectively for the time being, shall, and they respectively are hereby in like manner authorised and, required to appoint one or more officer or officers of excise to« attend all and every such warehouse or warehouses so to be provided according to the directions of this act, in England and Scotland respectively.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Officers of the proper officer or officers of excise on board every ship or dalks vessel in which coffee or cocoa nuts shall be imported, shall mark Gf coffee or or cause to be marked every cask, bag, or other package of coffee cocoa nuts or cocoa nuts respectively, with a progressive number and a dif- onboard ships tinguishing landing mark; and no calk, bag, or other package of thenT^nd if coffee or cocoa nuts respectively shall be unshipped or delivered unffiippedbe- from or out of such ship or vessel before the same shall have been fore, they may so marked, on pain of forfeiture thereof, to be seized by any of- be seized: freer or officers of the customs or excise; and when the same shall have been so marked, the importers, proprietors, or consignees of when mark-such coffee and cocoa nuts respectively shall forthwith (provided ed, importers, the same shall have been duly entered) in the presence of the th^officer^ to proper officer or officers of the customs and excise, unship or unship and cause to be unshipped all such coffee and cocoa nuts respectively, convey them and shall carry and convey the same, or cause the same to be J^vare- carried and conveyed to and deposited in some or one of the respective warehouse or warehouses so to be provided, as directed by this act, at or near to the port at which such coffee or cocoa nuts shall be imported; and the proper officer or officers of the customs and excise shall attend such coffee and cocoa nuts respectively from the time of the unshipping thereof until the same shall be so deposited, lodged, and secured, in such warehouse or warehouses.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the importers, proprietors, or consignees respectively of such Within 14 coffee and cocoa nuts respectively, shall, at his, her, and their own expence, within fourteen days next after such coffee and honied, the cocoa nuts respectively shall have been so lodged and deposited in coffee and such warehouse or warehouses as aforesaid, and in the presence of cocoa to be the proper officer or officers of the customs and excise, take or the^pfles by cause to be taken all such coffee and cocoa nuts respectively from the importer and out of the casks, bags, and other packages respectively con- and weighed, taining the same, and shall forthwith bring such coffee and cocoa at which time nuts respectively, and also the casks, bags, or other packages, or artsmaybe cause the same to be brought to, and put into the proper feales to ihparated, See, be weighed, in such manner as the proper officer or officers of the customs and excise shall directs, so that the tare of the cask, bag, or other package, and the net weight of the coffee may be ascertained, at which time, but at no other or subsequent time, the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or consignees, of such coffee and cocoa respectively, shall or may be permitted and suffered, in the presence of such officers respectively, to separate the damaged or unmerchantable coffee and cocoa

nuts

4H

Officerstotake an account of the tare of calks, and weight of coffee and cocoa, &c.

Importers to take the coffee and cocoa from the scales:

officer to mark the caflcs, &c.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 118.

[1795.]

nuts respectively from the undamaged and merchantable part thereof, and also to repack his, her, or their, coffee and cocoa nuts respectively, into the same or such other casks, bags, or packages, as he, she, or they, shall think fit, each such other cask, bag, or other package, containing one hundred and twelve pounds weight net of coffee or cocoa nuts respectively at the least; and the proper officer or officers of the customs and excise shall forthwith take an account of the tare of each and every cask, bag, or other package, and of the net weight of the coffee and cocoa nuts respectively contained therein; and such importers, proprietors, or consignees respectively, shall also, at his, her, or their own expence, when and so soon as such coffee or cocoa nuts shall have been so weighed and taken an account of, take the same, cr cause the same to be taken from and out of the scales in which the same shall have been so weighed, and thereupon the proper officer or officers of the customs and excise shall jointly mark, or cause to be marked, on the outside of each and every such cask, bag, or other package, in plain and legible letters or characters, the tare of the cask, bag, or other package, and the net Weight of such coffee or cocoa nuts respectively contained therein* and whether the same be coffee or cocoa nuts of the growth and produce of any British colony or plantation in America, or of the united ffates of America, or of any other country or place, and shall also set, stamp, or affix, on the outside of such cask* bag, or other package, proper landing marks and numbers, which said respective marks and numbers shall be entered and inserted, by the proper officers of the customs and excise respectively, together with the tare of each cask, bag, or other package, and the net weight of the coffee or cocoa nuts respectively contained therein, in their respective books, to be by them kept for that purpose $ and when and so soon as such entries (fiall have been so made as aforesaid, the importers, proprietors, or consignees respectively, shall remove each and every such cask, bag, or other package respectively, or cause the same to be removed to, and properly flowed away in such convenient part or parts of such wafehouse or warehouses, and in such manner as the proper officer or officers of the:

Importers not cu^0ms and excise shall in that behalf direct; and if any such im-

complying. - r

with the cli- porter or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or con-

regions of this signees of coffee or cocoa nuts, having unshipped or cause to be act, to for- unshipped any coffee or cocoa nuts, shall omit, neglect, < or refuse,

fdt 50b; contrary to the true intent and meaning of this acct, to carry and convey the same, or cause the same to be carried and conveyed to, and deposited infome or one of the warehouses as aforesaid, or shall negletft or refuse to take or cause to betaken from or out of the cask bag, or other package containing the same, any such coffee or cocoa nuts, which shall be deposited, lodged, or secured, in any warehouse or warehouses as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to bring any such coffee or cocoa nuts, or cause the same to be brought to, or put into the proper scales to be weighed as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to take any such coffee or cocoa nuts* which shall have been weighed and taken an acQOunt of, as'

directed

Importers to remove calks as the officer shall direct.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. ii8< 41 jf

directed by this act, or cause the same to be taken from or out of the scales in which the same shall have been so weighed, or shall omit, neglect, or refuse, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, to remove, or cause to be removed, any such cask, bag, or other package of coffee or cocoa nuts respectively, and properly flow the same away, or cause or procure the same to be flowed away in such convenient part or parts of such warehouse or warehouses, and in such manner as such proper officer or officers of the customs and excise shall in that behalf dire<£d, all and every such importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or consignees, so offending, shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds: provided but liable always nevertheless, that no such importer, proprietor, orconfig- unlessthev* nee, shall incur or be liable to the said penalty of fifty pounds, neglect for unless he, she, or they, shall neglect or refuse to take or cause such three days coffee or cocoa nuts respectively to be taken from or out of the af£er notice cask, bag, or other package containing the same, or to bring or jj? ^take cause the same to be brought to, or put into the proper scales to the coffee out be weighed, or to remove and flow away the same, according to of calks, &c. the true intent and meaning of this act, for the space of three days after he, she, or they shall have received notice so to do from the proper officer of customs or excise.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at any time after any such coffee or cocoa nuts respectively After coffee

shall have been so weighed and taken an account of as directed by have^e°n

this act, the several importers, proprietors, or consignees thereof weighed fam-

respectively, shall be permitted, in the presence of the proper of- pies may be

ficer or officers of the customs and excise respectively, belonging to taken.

such warehouse, in which such coffee or cocoa nuts shall have been so weighed and taken an account of, as directed by this act,

to take out of each cask, bag, or other package, so weighed and

taken an account of, a sample or samples of such coffee or cocoa

nuts, not exceeding four ounces in weight: provided always

nevertheless, that not more than three such samples shall be taken

out of any such calk, bag, or other package whatever; and that in

case the importers, proprietors, or consignees, shall be desirous

of taking a second or third sample, they shall return the lample

or samples which shall have been previovfly taken, or in lieu

thereof a quantity of good coffee or cocoa nuts respectively, equal

in weight to such previous sample.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several and respective duties of excise imposed by an Duties im-act, made in the tw'enty-seventh year of his present Majesty's poled by feign, among other things, for repealing the several duties of^i^and customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, Geo. 3. and also the additional duties, by another act of this present feifi- c. 13. to on of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty ad- extend to cof-ditional duties of excise on teay coffee, and cocoa nuts, imposed on delivered°foi^ coffee and cocoa nuts respectively imported into Great Britain, home con-and delivered out of the warehouse in which the same shall have lumption out

been lodged, under the care and custod v of the proper officers, of warehouses s'r provided un-

1 der this act.

4*6 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 118. [1795.

for securing the duties payable thereon, for home consumption, shall extend, and be deemed and construed to extend, to all coffee and cocoa nuts respectively, which shall be delivered for home consumption out of any warehouse or warehouses which shall be provided under the authority or in pursuance of this act, and the said several and respective duties shall be paid and payable by such persons, at such times, and in such manner, as is herein after directed.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Regulations That when any importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, coffee^and co or con^gnee or consignees, of any coffee or cocoa nuts deposited, coa out of lodged, or secured, in any such warehouse or warehouses as afore-warehouses. said, shall intend to clear or take, from or out of any such warehouse or warehouses, any coffee or cocoa nuts, either for home consumption or exportation, he, flie, or they, shall give to the proper officers of the customs and excise respectively such notice in writing as is herein after mentioned, and as the case may require, of his, her, or their intention so to do; which notice, if the same be for taking out of coffee or cocoa nuts for home consumption, shall be given at least one hour, and if such notice be for taking out of coffee or cocoa nuts for exportation, the same shall be given at leaf! twelve hours before any such coffee or cocoa nuts shall be taken out for exportation; and every such notice shall specify the particular casks, bags, or other packages, of coffee and cocoa nuts respectively so intended to be taken out, and also the landing marks and numbers, which were set, stamped, or affixed, upon each and every such calk, bag, or other package of coffee and cocoa nuts respectively, according to the directions of this act, and shall also, at the time specified in such notice, or within one hour after, at his, her, or their own expence, bring all such coffee and cocoa nuts respectively specified in such notice, from the parts or places of such warehouse or warehouses in which the same shall be deposited and flowed away, and shall put or cause the same to be put into the proper scales to be weighed in such warehouse or warehouses, and the proper officer or officers of the customs and excise shall forthwith, within such warehouse or warehouses, weigh or cause to be weighed, and taken an account of, each and every such cask bag, or other package, of coffee and cocoa nuts respectively; and all and every such importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or consignees, shall thereupon forthwith pay down, in ready money, into the hands of the proper collectors of customs and excise respectively, the several duties of customs and excise imposed for or in respect of such coffee and cocoa nuts respectively as shall be intended to be taken out of such warehouse or warehouses for home consumption, according to the net weight of such coffee or cocoa nuts respectively, deducting only such allowance as is herein after directed to be made in the weighing Allowance for thereof.

turn of the

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ing cof^e and ProPer officer or officers of the customs and excise

cocoa."

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. n8. 4r7

shall, in the weighing and taking an account of coffee and cocoa nuts respectively, in such warehouse or warehouses so to be provided as aforesaid, give the turn of the scale in favour of the crown, and in lieu thereof shall allow the importers, proprietors, or consignee thereof one pound weight avoirdupois upon each and every one hundred pounds weight of such coffee, and two pounds weight avoirdupois upon each and every one hundred pounds weight of such cocoa nuts respectively so weighed and taken an account of; and which said respective allowances shall be in lieu of all other allowances, and in full compensation for all wasse, loss, or damage whatever, any thing in any former act or acts of parliament contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every importer or importers, proprietor or proprie.- ^aa^ma^be°* tors, Gr consignee or consignees, shall, before any such coffee or delivered f^orn cocoa nuts shall be delivered out of any such warehouse or ware- warehouses houses for home consumption, produce to the proper officer or for home con-officers of the customs and excise a certificate, granted by and under the hand of the collector and other chief officers of the certificates of customs, testifying the payment of the custom duties for or in payment of respect of such coffee or cocoa nuts, and shall also in like manner duties, produce a certificate, granted by and under the hand of the collector of excise, teffifying the payment of the excise duties imposed for or in respect of such coffee or cocoa nuts reflectively, and thereupon such coffee and cocoa nuts respectively shall be delivered out of the said warehouse or warehouses, with a permit for the removal thereof, granted by the proper officer of excise, and countersigned by the proper officer of the customs: provided always nevertheless, that no such coffee or cocoa nuts respectively orcocoa to shall be delivered out of any such warehouse for home consump- be delivered tion or exportation in any less quantity than in the intire calk, but in the bag, or other package, in which the same was imported, or re- ^dnoUefs packed when first weighed and taken account of, in such ware- tjian house or warehouses as aforesaid, nor in any less quantity than one hundred and twelve pounds weight net of coffee or cocoa nuts respectively at the least,

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all coffee and cocoa nuts respectively, which is or are now under seizure, or which shall or may be seized after the com- lod^-

mencement of this act, by any officer or officers of the customs ed as the

or excite, under or by virtue of this or any other act or acts commission-of parliament in force at the commencement of this act, or which and°e^xci(l0mS shall afterwards be made, shall, after the seizure thereof respective- app0-, nt# ly, be carried to, and deposited, lodged, and secured in such place or places as the commissioners of the customs and excise respectively shall appoint for that purpose.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such coffee or cocoa nuts as shall be intended for exporta- Coffee and tion to parts beyond the seas shall be delivered out of such cocoa to be warehouse or warehouses unto the importers, proprietors, or con- Exportation on Vol. XL. E £ cP

Coffee and cocoa seized

nees

how security shall be dif--charged.

Warehouse rent to be paid before delivery of coffee or cocoa.

418 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 118. [1795.

security for signees thereof, upon sufficient security to be first given to his r^e»landed^ Maje % > his heirs and successors, (which security the commis-Creat Britain: sioners of the customs in England and Scotland respectively for the time being, or the proper officer or officers of the customs, are hereby required and empowered to take), that the same, and every part thereof, shall be exported, and not re-landed in Great Britain; which said securities shall be discharged without fee or reward, upon a certificate returned or produced to the commissioners of the customs in England and Scotland respectively, or such officer or officers as aforesaid, under the common seal of the chief magistrate in any place or places beyond the seas, or under the hands and seals of two known British merchants then being at such place or places, that such coffee or cocoa nuts were there landed, or upon proof by credible persons that such coffee or cocoa huts were taken by enemies, or perished in the seas, the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgement of the said commissioners of the customs for the time being.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees, shall, before any coffee or cocoa nuts respectively shall be cleared or delivered from or out of any such warehouse or warehouses, either for home consumption or for exportation, first pay into the hands of the proper officer of excise warehouse rent for such coffee or cocoa nuts respectively, at and after the rate of one shilling per week for each and every ton weight of such coffee or cocoa nuts respectively, and in proportion for any greater or less quantity, for the time that such coffee or cocoa nuts respectively shall be or remain in any such warehouse or warehouses.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, coabenotdu- ^at w^en the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, ly entered, or or consignee or consignees, shall neglect or refuse to make due landed within entry of any coffee or cocoa nuts, or to land the same within the the prescribed thirty days prescribed by an act made in the fifth year of his oft he customs Pre^eQt Majesty's reign, among other things, for the better secur-or excise may ing and further improvement of the revenues of customs, excise, warehouse it, inland, and salt duties, it shall and may be lawful to and for and the im- any officer or officers of custorns or excise, and such officer the^oft^amf or °&cers an(^ are hereby authorised and required to carry or warehouse convey all such coffee or cocoa nuts respectively to, and lodge rent; and if and secure the same in some or one of the warehouse or ware-not cleared houses to be provided in pursuance of this act, and the importer month ?t ma or >mPorters> proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or consignees be sold.^of such coffee or cocoa nuts respectively, shall, over and besides

the subsidies and other duties for or in respect of such coffee or cocoa nuts respectively, before the same shall be delivered to him, her, or them, from or out of such warehouse or warehouses, first pay into the hands of the proper officers of excise, warehouse rent for such coffee or cocoa nuts, at and after the rate of one shilling per ton per week, to be reckoned from the day of ware-

housing

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 118. 4*2

housing such coffee or cocoa nuts respectively, together with the costs, charges, and expences attending the conveying such coffee or cocoa nuts to such warehouse or warehouses, or otherwise relating to such coffee or cocoa nuts respectively; and if the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or consignees of any such coffee or cocoa nuts shall, for the space of one month from the time of such coffee or cocoa nuts having been so carried to, such warehouse or warehouses by such officer or officers as aforesaid, omit, neglect, or refule to clear and take such coffee or cocoa nuts respectively out of such warehouse or warehouses, and to pay and satisfy all the subsidies and duties for or in respe^l of such coffee or cocoa nuts, together with such warehouse rent, costs, charges, and expences, it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective of of customs or excise in England and Scotland respectively for the time being, as the case may require, after the expiration of such one month, to cause all such coffee and cocoa nuts respectively, together with the casks, bags, and other packages respectively containing the same, to be publickly sold to the best bidder, at such places as the said respective of, as the case may require, shall think proper, for and towards satisfying the subsidies and other duties of customs and excise for or in respect of such coffee and cocoa nuts respectively, together with such warehouse rent, and all reasonable costs, charges, and expences of the removal, keeping, and sale, of such coffee and cocoa nuts respectively; and if the money arising from such sale thereof ^duce.° C shall be equal to, or more than sufficient to pay and satisfy all*the said duties, together with such warehouse rent, costs, charges, and expences as aforesaid, the respective receivers general of the customs in England and Scotland respectively for the time being,

(in case the said respective of of the customs respectively shall cause such coffee or cocoa nuts respectively to be sold), shall pay over to the said respective commissioners of excise so much of the proceeds of such sale as will be sufficient to satisfy such excise duties for or in respect of such coffee or cocoa nuts respectively; and the said respective commissioners of excise (in case they respectively shall cause such coffee or cocoa nuts respectively to be sold) shall pay over to the said respective receivers general of the customs, so much of the proceeds of such sale as will be sufficient to satisfy the subsidies and other duties of customs, for or in respect of such coffee and cocoa nuts respectively, and the overplus, if any be, shall be paid to the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or consignees of such coffee and cocoa nuts respectively, or other person or persons authorised to receive the same; and in case upon such coffee or cocoa nuts being put up or If sufficient to offered to sale, no person or persons shall offer or bid for the PaY thf! duties same as much or more money than the said subsidies and duties te^otofllred taken together would amount to, together with such ware- the coffee or'house rent, costs, charged, and expences, as aforesaid, then and cocoa may be <in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such com- burnt.

£ E 2 missioners

If coffee or cocoa be not taken out of warehouses, within three year^ it may be sold for payment of duties, &c.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 118. [1795.

missioners of the customs or excise respectively to cause such coffee or cocoa nuts respectively to be burnt and destroyed.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or consignees, of any coffee or cocoa nuts, which shall be deposited, lodged, or secured in any warehouse or warehouses provided according to the directions or in pursuance of any act or acts of parliament in force immediately before the commencement of this act, or which shall be duly conveyed to and lodged and deposited in any warehouse or warehouses by the importers, proprietors, or consignees thereof, under and according to the directions and in pursuance of this act, shall neglect, omit, or refuse, to clear or take any such coffee or cocoa nuts from or out of such warehouse or warehouses, in which the same shall be deposited, lodged, or secured, as herein-before directed, within three years, to be computed from the day on which the same was deposited or lodged in such warehouse or warehouses by the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or consignees, of such coifee or cocoa nuts respectively, according to the directions of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective of of the customs and excise in England and Scotland respectively for the time being, after the expiration of such three years, to cause all such coffee and cocoa nuts respectively, together with the casks, bags, and other packages, respectively containing the same, to be publickly sold to the heft bidder, at such places as the said respective of (as the case may require,) shall think proper, for and towards satisfying the custom duties, and also the excise duties, by law imposed for or in respect of such coffee and cocoa nuts respectively, upon the same being delivered for home consumption out of the warehouse or warehouses in which the same shall have been Co deposited, lodged, and secured, together with such warehouse rent, and all reasonable costs, charges, and expences, of the removal, keeping, and sale, of such coffee and cocoa nuts re-pro^ce° tPectively > anc^ if the money arising from such sale thereof shall be equal to, or more than sufficient to pay and satisfy all the said

duties, together with warehouse rent, costs, charges, and expences, as aforesaid, the respective receivers general of the customs in England and Scotland for the time being (in case the said respective of of the customs respectively shall cause fucff coffee or cocoa nuts respectively to be sold) shall pay over to the said respective commissioners of excise so much of such excess or surplus as will be sufficient to satisfy the excise duties by law imposed for or in respect of such coffee and cocoa nuts respectively 5 and the said respective commissioners of excise (in case they respectively shall cause such coffee or cocoa nuts reflectively to be sold) shall pay over to the said respective receivers general of the customs so much of such excess or surplus as wilt be sufficient to satisfy the custom duties by law imposed for or in respect of fuqh coffee and cocoa nuts respectively, and the overplus,

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. n8, '421

plus, if any be, after payment of such duties, warehouse rent, costs, charges, and expences, shall be paid to the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or consignees, of such coffee and cocoa nuts respectively, or other person or persons authorised to receive the same; and in case, upon such coffee Ifsufficient to or cocoa nuts being put up or offered to sale, no person or clfar persons shall offer or bid for the same as much or more money be not offered, than the said duties taken together would amount to, together the coffee or with such warehouse rent, costs, charges, and expences, as afore- cocoa may be said, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for ^urnt* such of respectively to cause such coffee or cocoa nuts respectively to be burnt and destroyed: provided always never- Time ^en theless, that no coffee or cocoa nuts shall be sold by the said com- qoa^ay be* missioners of customs or excise, in pursuance of this act, until fold under this after the expiration of nine months next after the commencement act of this act.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall assault, refill, oppose, for

molest, obstruct, or hinder, any officer or officers of the customs oncers, "or or excise in the due execution of this or any other a eft or acts refeuing cofe of parliament in force at the commencement of this act, or there- fee, &c. after to be made, relating to coffee or cocoa nuts, or of any of the powers or authorities by any such act or acts of parliament given or granted to any such officer or officers, or shall by force or violence, after any such officer or officers shall have seized any coffee or cocoa nuts forfeited by any such act or acts of parliament, refeue or cause to be refeued any such coffee or cocoa nuts, or shall attempt or endeavour so to do, all and every such person or persons so offending shall, for each and every such offence, for which no penalty is particularly provided by this act, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, created or imposed by Recovery and this act, and which shall be sued for or prosecuted under or by application of*i j nenalties tucfl

virtue of the order or permission of the commissioners of the cu- for officers

stoms in England and Scotland respectively, or by any officer or of customs. officers of the customs, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, covered, and disposed of, in such manner, and by such ways, means, and methods, as any fines or penalties incurred, or any goods forfeited for any offence against the laws of customs, may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of, and the officer or officers of the customs concerned in any such seizure or prosecution shall be entitled to and receive such share of the produce arising from the seizures as they are now by law entitled to upon prosecutions of seizures for unlawful importation, and to such share of the produce arising from any pecuniary penalty or composition paid for any offence against this act, as they are now by any law or regulation entitled to upon prosecutions for pecuniary penalties.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this, or any Recovery and i: £ 3^othe; r application ot

422 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. G, Il8.

C1795.

5 Geo. 2. c. 24. and 33 Geo. 3. c. 79, &c. to remain in force, except hereby altered.

penalties sued other act or acts of parliament in force at the commencement of of the this act, relating to coffee or cocoa nuts, and which shall be pro-

fecuted or sued for by order of the commissioners of excise in England and Scotland respectively, or by any officer or officers of excise, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them, who shall inform, discover, or sue, for the same.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the powers, authorities, rules, directions, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, provisions, clauses, matters, and things, which, in or by an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majestfs plantations in America, or in an act made in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the further encouraging the growth of coffee and cocoa nuts in his Majesty's ilands and plantations in America, or in and by any act or ats of parliament therein respectively mentioned or referred unto, or in* or by any other act or acts of parliament relating to coffee and cocoa nuts respectively, or either of them, in force immediately before the commencement of this act, are contained, provided, settled, or established, for managing, assessing, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, or securing, the duties by law imposed for or in respect of coffee and cocoa nuts respectively, or either of them, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing, frauds relating thereto, (except where the same respectively are repugnant to, or are expressly altered by this act), shall be and remain in full force, to all intents and purposes, and the same powers, authorities, methods, rules, directions, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, provisions, clauses, matters, and things, (except as before excepted), shall continue to be duly observed, practised, applied, used, and putin execution throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said powers, authorities, methods, rules, directions, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, provisions, clauses, matters, and things, had been expressly inferred and re-enacted in this present act.

Commence-

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

ment of act That this act shall commence and take effect, as to all such

where none is matters and things therein contained, in respect whereof no provided. special commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after such warehouse or warehouses shall be provided in pursuance of this act, in or near the port of London.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. x 19. 423

CAP. CXIX.

An act to prohibit, for a limited time, making of low wines or

spirits from wheats barley, any other sort of grain,

from any meal, flour, or bran \ and for permitting home-made spirits, deposited in the warehouses for exportation, to be taken out for home consumption, on payment of duty, — [June 26, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS // expedient that the distillation of low wines

or spirits, and the making or preparing of wort or wash for the distillation of low wines or spirits, from wheat, barley, malt, and all other forts of grain, and from meal, flour, or bran, should be prohibited for a limited time; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, to

from and after the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred corn or and ninety-five, until and upon the first day of February one grajn in Great thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, in that part of Great Britain for a Britain called England; and from and after the seventeenth day certainperiod* of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, until and upon the first day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, in that part of Great Britain called Scotlandj no low wines or spirits shall be brewed, made, prepared, extracted, or distilled, from any wheat, barley, malt, or tilts, or any other fort of corn or grain, or from any meal, Hour, or bran, or any mixture with the same.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That penalty of if, during the time before limited, any difliller or distillers, maker corn'&c fo/ or makers of low wines or spirits, or any other person or persons so distilling. whatsoever, shall brew, make, prepare, extract, or distil, or cause or procure to be brewed, made, prepared, extracted, or distilled, any low wines or spirits from any wheat, barley, malt, or other corn or grain, or from any meal, flour, or bran, or any mixture with the same, or shall use or mix, or cause or procure to be used or mixed, any wheat, barley, malt, or other corn or grain, or any meal, flour, or bran, in any wort or wash, in order for the brewing, making, preparing, extracting, or distilling, any low wines or spirits, or shall put or lay, or cause or procure to be put or laid, in any tun, wash-batch, cask, copper, (till, or other vessel or utensil, any wheat, barley, malt, or other corn or grain, or any meal, flour, or bran, or any mixture with the same, for the purpose of preparing any wort or wash, or for brewing, making, preparing, extracting, or distilling any low wines or spirits, whether such tun, wash-batch, cask, copper, still, or other vessel or utensil, shall or shall not have been or be duly entered at the excise office, that then, and in each and every of the said cases, such difliller or distillers, maker or makers, of low wines or spirits, or other person or persons acting contrary to the directions of this act, and the person or persons in whole custody or possession any such tun, wash-batch, cask, copper, still, or other vessel e e 4 or

4»4

extendyto0dif0 That nothina; in this tilling from wash openly-brewed before certain days.

Wheat, &c. found in any stillhouse, &c. after certain days, forfeited, and aool.

During the

limited period the commissioners of excise and Justices of peace in England mnyauthorise persons, with officers of excite, to enter ftillhouses, See. to inspect materials and Uttnlils.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 119. [1795.

or utensil, which shall be made use of contrary to the intention of this act, shall be found, shall severally and respectively, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds; and all such wheat, barley, malt, and other corn or grain, and such meal, flour, and bran, or other mixture with the same, and such wort and wash, low wines and spirits, shall be forfeited, 3nd shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

III. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, act contained shall extend, or be deemed

or construed to extend, to subject any entered distiller to the Paid penalty of five hundred pounds, for or by reason of his extracting or distilling any low wines or spirits from any wash openly brewed in his entered distillery, on or before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five in that part of Great Britain called England, or on or before the twelfth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; any thing in this act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any wheat, wheat meal, or wheat flour, shall, within the time herein-before limited, be found in any workhouse, still-house, storehouse, warehouse, or any other place wherein low wines or spirits, or wort or wash, shall be preparing, or shall be brewed, made, extracted, distilled, or prepared, or where any low wines or spirits, or wort or wash, shall have been brewed, made, extracted, distdlied, or prepared, after the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in that part of Great Britain called England, and after the seventeenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, all such wheat, wheat meal, and flour, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise, and the person or persons in whose possessiort such workhouse, stillhouse, storehouse, warehouse, or place, shall be, shall, for every such offence, respectively also forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That during the time herein-before limited, it shall be lawful for any person or persons, who shall be authorised for that purpose by the commissioners of excise for the time being, or any two or more of them, within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, or by one or more justice or justices of the peace in any other part of Great Britain, at any time or times with any officer of excise to enter into any workhouse, stillhouse, storehouse, warehouse, or any other place whatsoever, wherein any low wines or spirits, or wort or wash, shall be or are suspected to be preparing, or to be brewed, made, or extracted, distilled, or prepared, or wherein low wines or wort, or w^ib, shall have been made, brewed, extracted, distilled, or prepared, after the said tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and seventeenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five respectively, and shall have free admittance into the same, and

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 119. 425

may inspetft all the materials, vessels, and utensils, therein contained, (giving thereby as little interruption as may be to the business, which shall be carrying on); and in case any such of- If officer sufficer of excise shall have reason to suspedft that any wheat, barley,

malt, or other corn or grain, or any meal, flour, 'or bran, is mixed worfc]-ie may. in any wort or wash, or in any other material or preparation for take a fam-brewing, making, extracting, or distilling, low wines or spirits, it pie: shall be lawful for such officer at any time or times during the said term, upon payment of two shillings and sixpence, to take a sample not exceeding two quarts of any such wort or wash, material or preparation, which shall be found in any such house or other place aforesaid; and in case any distiller or distillers, penalty of maker or makers, of low wines or spirits, or the owner or occu- ?oalA/or pier of any such house or place, or any workman or servant to spe^jon, or any such distiller or distillers, maker or makers, or owner or oc- not allowing a cupier belonging, shall refuse to admit such person or persons as sample to be shall be so authorised, or any officer or officers of excise into any ta^en* such house or place, or shall obstruCf or hinder any such officer or person or persons in making such inspection as aforesaid, or shall not allow any such officer to take such sample after the said sum of two shillings and sixpence shall be paid or tendered for the same, every such distiller or maker, owner or occupier, shall, for every such offence, respectively forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds; and it shall be lawful for any such officer of ex- Corn found cife or other person or persons authorised as aforesaid, having a maybefeized. warrant for that purpose from any two or more of the commissioners of excise, or any justice or justices respectively as aforesaid, to seize, take, and carry away, all such wheat, barley, malt, and other corn or grain, and all such meal, flour, and bran, as shall be found in any such house or other place, together with all the vessels, lacks, bags, and other things, in which the said commodities shall be contained.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Distillers if any distiller or maker of low wines or spirits for sale or expor- {i^kedPeriod tation, shall, after the tenth day of July one thousand seven hun- more thari 5 dred and ninety-five, until and upon the first day of February one quarters of thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, in that part of Great Bri- wheat, &c. tain called England; and from and after the seventeenth day of July one thousand levenhundred and ninety-five, until and upon the first house), tofor-day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, in that teit the fur-part of Great Britain called Scotland, be possessed of, or have in his, pl, ls and iol-her, or their custody or possession, or in the custody or possession of any Per ftuaiter* person or persons in trust or for the use or benefit of such distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, more than five quarters of wheat, wheat meal, or wheat flour, at any one time, in any one or more place or places, (not being a place or places for preparing, brewing, making, extracting, distilling, or keeping wort or wash, low wines or spirits), every such distiller or distillers, maker or makers, of low wines and spirits, shall, for every such offence, yeipectively forfeit all such wheat, wheat meal, and flour, exceeding the said quantity of five quarters, and alfq the sum of

teii

426 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 119. [1795.

Penalty not to ten pounds for every quarter so forfeited: provided always, that extend to dif- t^js a(g. not extend to inflicSt the said last mentioned penalty

tillers being growers of wheat, or miliers, in certain cases

On oath of ground of

and forfeiture upon any distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, who shall be the actual grower of wheat, and shall be possessed of any quantity of such wheat grown 6y him or her, in the straw, or after the same is threshed out or separated from the straw, provided that such wheat shall not be kept in his or her possession, or in the possession of any other person or persons in trust for him or her for a greater space of time than twenty days after the same shall be threshed or separated from the straw, and so as such wheat be not kept in any place used for brewing, making, extradsing, or distilling low wines or spirits, or for preparing or keeping wort or wash: provided also, that this act shall not extend to inflidl the said last mentioned penalty and forfeiture upon any distiller or maker of low wines or spirits who practises the trade of a miller, and who was possessed of and worked any mill or mills for the grinding of wheat on or before the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, for or upon account of any quantity of wheat which shall, during the time herein-before limited, be found not wetted or steeped in any such mill or mills; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any officer or officers of the excise, or any other fuf^idon that person or persons, shall at any time or times have cause to suspect more than that any wheat, wheat meal, or wheat flour, exceeding the quan-hve quarters tity of five quarters, shall be laid or kept in any such storehouse, ?skept1n any ware^ou^e? granary, or other place or places as aforesaid, be-storehouse,longing to any distiller, or maker of low wines or spirits, contrary &c. officers to the true intent and meaning of this act, then, and in every and other per-such case, upon oath made by such officer or officers, or other authorised^o Person or Pel*fons before the commissioners of excise for the time search for, and being respectively, or any two or more of them, or before one or mayfeizethe more justice or justices of the peace residing near the place where surplus; and such officer or officers, or other person or persons, shall suspedb who^ouftodyt^ie*ame to an<^ kept, setting forth the ground of his or

found, to for- their suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said feit 10l. per of, or justice or justices of the peace respectively, before whom such officer or officers, or other person or persons, shall make oath as aforesaid, (if he or they shall judge it reasonable), by special warrant under his or their respective hands and seals, to authorise and empower such officer or officers, or other person or persons authorised as aforesaid, by day or by night, (but if in the night, then in the presence of a constable, or other lawful officer of the peace), to enter into all and every storehouse, warehouse, granary, or other place or places where he or they shall so suspect that any wheat, wheat meal, or wheat flour, exceeding the quantity of five quarters as aforesaid, shall be laid or kept, belonging to any such distiller or distillers, maker or makers, of low wines or spirits, and to seize, take and carry away, all such wheat, wheat meal, and flour3 as he or they {Jiall so find,

(over

quarter.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. i 19. 427.

(over and above the said quantity of five quarters), together with' all the vessels, sacks, bags, or other things wherein the same shall be contained; and such distiller or distillers, maker or makers, of low wines or spirits, or the person or persons in whose custody or possession such wheat, wheat meal, or flour, belonging to such distiller or distillers, maker or makers, shall be found, shall for every such offence, respectively forfeit and pay the said penalty of ten pounds for every quarter, exceeding the said quantity of five quarters; and the said officer or officers, and other person or Doors may be persons, is or are hereby empowered by such warrant, together broken open, with such other person or persons as he or they shall take to his or their assistance, to enter such storehouses, warehouses, granaries, and other place or places, and break open the doors thereof in case they be not forthwith opened on demand.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act, Recovery and shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, application of means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may be Pena sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

IX. And whereas there may have been contracts made by distillers, with several persons^for spirits, grains, or yejl, to be delivered and received at future times, after the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all contracts or bargains made by Contracts for any distiller or distillers, with any person or persons whatsoever, delivery of for any spirits, grains, or yeft, to be delivered at any time during the continu? the continuance of this act, shall be and are hereby declared to be ance of this suspended. ad void.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Limitation of That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any actions. person or persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this act,

such action or suit shall be commenced within the space of one calendar month next after the offence shall be committed; and if such action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in that part of Great Britain called England, the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit, may plead the general issue, and General issue. give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the hpae as Treble

any

This act may be pleaded in Scotland.

42B Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 119. [1795.

any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law; and if such a£Hon or suit be commenced or prosecuted in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the court before whom such acflidn or suit shall be brought, shall allow the defender to plead this act on his defence, and the pursuer shall not insist on his action; or if judgement shall be given against such pursuer, the defender shall and may recover the full and real expences he may have been put to by any such action or suit.

XI. Ana whereas, by divers laws now in force, certain annual duties are imposed upon fills used for difilling spirits from corn or grainy in proportion to the contents of such fills: and whereas it is reasonable that an allowance should be made for such part of the usual

in Scotland to feafin for difillingy during which they may be prevented from working make an al- in consequence of this act: be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, lowance of the That it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of excise in Scotland, or any four of them, to make such allowances to the persons taking out such licences respectively, as shall appear to the said of, with the approbation of the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, or any three of them, to be reasonable.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case his Majesty, at anytime or times after the^mal-^01^6 t^ie tent^ day sub'one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, shall, in his royal discretion, judge it to be most for the benefit and advantage of this kingdom, to permit the making of low wines and spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain, or from any meal, flour, or bran, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by his royal proclamation or proclamations to be ifhied, by and with the advice of his privy council, or by his Majesty's order in council, to be published in the London Gazette, from time to time, to permit and suffer all and every person and persons, natives and foreigners, (but not any particular person or persons), at any time or times after the said tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, to make low wines and spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or aqy other sort of grain, or from any meal, flour, or bran; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any distiller or distillers, who shall have deposited any

Commissioners of excise

duties on dills for the time they are prevented working under this act.

His Majesty

any time after July io,795.

Spirits from corn, deposited in ware-houses for exportation before June

spirits drawn or made in Great Britain from corn, before the

twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, for exportation to parts beyond the seas, according to the rules, regulations, and provisions, of an act made in the second year be'tlken out^IS present Majesty's reign, among other things, for better re-forhome con- gulating and encouraging the exportation of British-made spirits fumption on in any such warehouse as is mentioned in the said act, shall be payment of desirous of using any such spirits for home consumption, and shall signify such his, her, or their desire to the commissioners of excise in England and Scotland respectively for the time being, the said respective of respetSHvely shall direct the quantity of spirits so ddlred to be taken out of such warehouse, and

delivered

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. i£o.

delivered to such distiller or distillers, he, she, or they having first duly paid to the proper officer or officers of excise a duty of exciseatand after the rate of forty pounds eighteen shillings and two-pence farthing for each ton of such spirits of the strength they were taken into such warehouse, (that is to say), One in fix under hydrometer proof, any acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and the said duty shall be applied in like manner as the said duties by law imposed for or in respect of fermented wort or walh, brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England, from malt, corn, grain, or tilts, forextrading spirits for home consumption, and for or in respect of (tills used or employed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for making of low wines or spirits, from corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder, or perry, or other wash or liquor, made or brewed from British materials, are now directed to be applied.

CAP. CXX.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund; for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and for further approp'iating the supplits granted in this session of parliament.

[June z6, 1795 ]

a, 895, 0001. may be issued out of the consolidated fund; which may be raised by loans or exchequer bills on the credit of the said fund. Money lent on security of this act not to be rated to any tax. Tallies of loan to be struck, &c. Orders for repayment to be registered and paid in course.

No fee to be taken for registering. See. on penalty of treble value and costs, and also loss of place. Not to be deemed undue preference which orders of the same date, brought the same day, are entered first, so they are all entered; nor if subsequent orders are paid before prior ones not brought for payment, if money be reserved to discharge them. Orders assignable. Treasury may order the sum hereby granted to be raised by exchequer bills in the manner prescribed by the malt act of the present session; the provisions of which act (except such as charge the bills on the malt duties, and limit the rate of interest) to extent! to this. Bills and interest, &c. to be discharged out of the consolidated fund. Bank may advance money on the credit of this act. Monies raised by the malt duties, land tax, loans, 2, 000, 000b Further loans, 1, 500, 000b Annuities; lottery; and 2, 895, 000b out of the consolidated fund, to be applied (with the residue of the sale of French prizes) to the uses hereafter expressed. 6>3*5>5*3l« 3s- for naval services for 1795. 34, 155b is. 9<1. for land

service of the ordnance not provided for in 1793. 25, 357b 14s. 5d. for

lea service of the ordnance not provided for in 1793. 1, 045, 305b 19s. 8d. for land service of the ordnance not provided for in 1794. 39, 387b os. 3d. for sea service of the ordnance not provided for in 1794. 1, 176, 804b 17s.

9d. for land service of the ordnance in 1795. 200, 000b to the king of

Sardinia. 11, 474, 358b 17s. 8d. 3q. granted for land forces in 1795. 2>777>534b 19s. id. for 119, 380 effective men, officers, See. in Great Britain, See. 691, 307b 15s. yd. for forces in the plantations, Gibraltar* Corftca, and New South Wales. 40, 096b 9s. 9d. for difference between British and Irish pay of regiments in the West Indies. 8, 323b 17s rod. aq. for regiments in East India. 385, 000b for recruiting contingencies,

&c. 480, 000l. for levy money, &c. for augmentations to the land forces. 115, 8201.0s. 3d. for general, staff and hospital officers. 79, 978b 4s. 4d. for supernumerary officers. iro, 8aol. 18s. 3d. to the paymaster general, secretary at war, &c. 128, 864b 3s. 9d. for reduced officers of land forces and marines. 135b 16s. 3d. for reduced officers, &c. of the horse guards.

1,000b for officers late in the service of the States General. 52, 500b for reduced officers of the British American forces; and 7, 500b for allowances

430 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 120.

[1795.-

ances to them. 10, 3871. 13s. 3d. for widows pensions. 930, 0471. 12s. 3d. for militia and fencibles; and 210, 000k for their contingencies, &c. 107.137k ns. 6d. for militia cloathing. 2.80, 0481. 8s. 3d. for fencible cavalry. 8o, ooool. for bread allowance, See. to fencible cavalry 495.655l. for 18, 000 Hanoverians. 333, 1531. for troops of the landgrave of Hefie Caflel. 76, 0761. for troops of the landgrave of HefTe Darmstadt. 92, 1421. for troops of the duke of Brunswick 427, 269k is. 6d. for French emigrant regiments. 23, 806k ns. 5d. for augmentations to the militia in 1794* 246, 877k 15s. for corps transferred from the Irish to the British dtablish-mentin 1794. 149, 856! 15s. id. for Chelsea Hospital 68, 850k 12s. od.

iq. for extraordinaric-s of Hessians employed in America. 3, 063, 968k i2S. 4-d. for extraordinaries of land forces in 1794. 27, 500k for prepara-

tion for the marriage of the Prince of Wales. 25, 000k for completing Carlton House. 2, 000, 000k for discharging exchequer bills made out under 34 Geo. 3. c. 28. 1, 500, 000k for discharging further exchequer

bills, made out under 34. Geo. 3. c. 29. 2, 500, 000k for discharging ex-

chequer bills made out under 34 Geo. 3. c. 62. 47, 649k is. 5c!. issued pursuant to addresses of the house of commons. 7, 175k for the civil establishment of Upper Canada, from Jan. 1, to Dec. 31, 1795. 4, 415k for the like at Nova Scotia, from Jan. 1, to Dec. 31, 1795. 4, 550k for the

like of New Brunswick in America, from June 24, 1795, to June 24,

1796. 1, 900k for the like at the island of Saint John in America, from

Jan. 1, to Dec. 31, 1795. 1, 800k for the like of the island of Cape Breton in America, from June 24, 1795, to June 24, 1796. 1, 232k 10s. for the

like of the island of Newfoundland, from April 1, 1795, to April 1, 1796. 4, 050k for the like of the Bahama Islands, from Jan. 1, to Dec. 31, 1795. 580k for the salary of the chief justice of the Bermuda, or Somers Islands, from June 24, 1795, to June 24, 1796. 6ool. for the salary of the chief justice of theifland of Dominica, from Jan. 1, to Dec. 31, 1795. 5, 241k for the civil establishment of New South Wales, from OCk 10, 1794, to Oct. 10, 1795. 20, 000k for forts in Africa. 4, 069k 2s. to James Willis, esq. for forming an establishment in Africa. 4, 500k for roads and bridges in the Highlands of Scotland. 5, 682l. 2s. 4d. for extraordinary expences of the mint to July 27, 1794* 1, 386k 2s. 6d. for the like, to

Dec. 31, 1794. 204, 549k 6s. id. for part of orders made out pursuant

to 28 Geo. 3. c. 40. respecting the American loyalists. 55, 091k 17s. 6d. for the like pursuant to 30 Geo. 3. c. 34. 4, 794k 6s. 6d. for expences of the trial of WarrenHaflings, esq. 6, 958k 8s. 4^. for provisions, &c sent to New South Wales. 11, 463k 13s. 8d. to Duncan Campbell, esq. for convicts on the river Thames. 15, 440k 5s. nd. 2q. to James Bradley, 1 esq. for convicts in Langston and Portsmouth harbours. 24, 500k for American Sufferers. 1, 059k 14s. for French proprietors of the island of Saint Domingo. 98, 410k for the suffering clergy and laity of France. 37, 500k for the like and former officers of the marine. See. 24, 335k 18s. for his Majesty's service abroad, from Jan. 5, 1794, to Jan. 5, 1795. 468l. 16s.

id. for fees on efeheats, &c. in Nova Scotia, 1, 089k 6s. 2d. for expences occasioned by the alien act. 869k 19s. for the index to the lords* journals. 2, 8231.10s. 5d. for designs of penitentiary houses, See. 3, 000k to the board of agriculture. 200, 000k towards the reduction of the national debt. 41, 688k 14s. 6d. 3q. to the representatives of Richard Oswald, esq. 525k 16s. 8d advanced by Mr. Marsh towards the lottery, 1794. 1, 500k for the Veterinary College. 848, 915k 4s. 2d. 3q. to complete the sum granted out of the consolidated fund for 1794. 744, 057k

11 s. id. for deficiency of grants in 1794. Supplies to be applied for the purposes before mentioned only. Rules to be observed in the application of the Sum granted for half-pay. By 34 Geo. 3. c. 49. 146, 843k 10s. iod. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers for 1794. The overplus of which sum may be disposed of to officers maimed, See. as his Majesty shall direct.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 121. 431

CAP. CXXI.

An act to explain and amend an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to amend an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's navy / and for making further provisions for those purposes; and also an act, made in the twenty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled.,

An act for the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's navy; and for the better encouragement offeamen for his Majesty7 s navy. — -[June 26, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, pa fed in the nineteenth

year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act 19 Geo. 3-for the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy andeffec- c» tual manning his Majesty's navy, the flag officers, commanders, and other officers, seamen, marines, and soldiers, on board every ship and vessel of war in his Majesty7 s pay, are entitled to the foie inter-ejl and property of and in all and every ship, vessel, goods, mer-

chandizes, which they had taken since the twenty-ninth day of July thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight, or should thereafter take during the continuance of hostilities against France, (being first adjudged lawful prize), to be divided in such proportions and manner as in his Majesty's proclamation therein mentioned was directed, or as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, should dire ft, by proclamation or proclamations thereafter to be issued, and divers provisions, directions, and regulations, were thereby enacted for the better carrying the purposes of the said act into execution: and whereas in and by another act, made and passed in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, intkuled. An act to amend an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, c An act for the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's navy and for making further provisions for those purposes; and in and by another act, made and passed in the twenty-first year of his present Majesty7 s reign, intituled An act for the encouragement of seamen, and 21 Geo. 3. the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's navy, certain c* recited. provisions tvere made for the distribution and payment of prize and bounty money, to arise from Spanish and Dutch ships and vessels to be captured by such ships and vessels as should be commissioned by letters of marque, but no sufficient provisions or regulations were contained in the two last mentioned acts respecting such Spanish and Dutch ships and vessels as should be captured by his Majesty's ships and vessels of war, in like manner as hath been usually done in other cases of the like kind in former acts of parliament: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Provisions of all the provisions and regulations in the said two last mentioned two kft acts shall be deemed and taken to extend to all such Spanish and extend toSpa-

Dutch nish and Dutch

43 2

prizes made during the hostilities therein mentioned.

Oath of having paid monies claimed by the governors of Greenwich hospital, previous to pairing this act, to be proof.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 121. [1795.

Dutch prizes as were made by any of his Majesty's ships and vessels of war, during the hostilities mentioned in the said two last mentioned adds respectively, as fully, amply, and effectually, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if such provisions and regulations had been therein and thereby expressly applied to such Spanish and Dutch prizes so captured by any of his Majesty's {flips and vessels of war as aforesaid, and that no lapse of time shall incur or be pleadable in bar of the demands which may hereafter be made by the of and governors of the royal hospital for seamen at Greenwich, in the county of Kent, under and by virtue of the said acts as hereby amended, but from the pailing of this act of parliament.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any demand shall be made by the said of and governors against any persons or person for cr in respect of any money which shall be claimed by the said of and governors as vested in them by virtue of this act, and any question shall arise whether any sums or sum of money demanded in such suit have or has been paid previous to the passing of this act to any persons or person entitled or claiming to be entitled to receive the same, it shall be lawful for the persons or person, against whom any such demand shall be made, to discharge themselves, himself, or herself, thereof, by their, his, or her oath, declaring that such sums or sum of money had been so paid to the knowledge or belief of such persons or person without producing other proof of actual payment thereof.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any person appointed an agent for any prize money under the said recited acts respectively, or the representatives of any such person,

paid over mo- shall appear to have fairly and bona fide paid over, before the first nies before day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, any money in his, her, or their hands, arising from such prize money, to any other persons or person duly appointed to be agents or agent, jointly or severally, for the same prize money, such persons or person who shall have so paid over such money, his, her, or their, executors or administrators, shall not by virtue of this, ad be made liable to any demands of the said of and governors in respect of any money so paid over as aforesaid.

Where injury

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any in-would arise; ury WOuld arise to any persons or person against whom any notnhavir?and S demand shall be made by virtue of this act, if such demand should been sooner be enforced in the whole or in part by reason of the length of time elapsed since the passing of the said recited acts, which injury might not have arisen if such demands had been sooner made, it shall be lawful for such persons or person to give in evidence in any suit any matters tending to shew such injury, and so much only shall be recovered against such persons or person as in justice and equity, under all the circumstances of the case, ought to be recovered.

Demands may y# Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any per-

mlfe^orre- ^ons or Person against whom any demand shall be made by virtue

ferredto arbitration.

Agents for prize money under recited acts having

May 1, 1795 not liable to demands of Greenwich hospital.

made, it may be given in evidence.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto GEORGiIIII. c. 122- — 124. 433

of this shall be desirous of compromising the same with the said commissioners and governors, or of referring the consideration thereof to arbitration, it shall be lawful for the said of and governors to compromise the same, in such manner as they shall deem reasonable, all circumstances conildered, or to refer the consideration thereof to arbitration, and to authorise the arbitrator or arbitrators to be named for that purpose, to make,

all such allowances as may be reasonable in respect of the length of time which has elapsed since the pa (ling of the said recited acts, and all circumstances attending the affairs of the several persons against whom or against whose representatives such demands may be made.

CAP. CXXII.

An act to enable his Majesty, under certain regulations, to ered independent burghs of barony in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for removing certain difficulties as to the granting of leases in towns and villages on the fishing coasts of that kingdom.

[June a6, 1795.]

CAP. CXXIII.

An act for the paore easy and expeditious recovery of small debts, and determining small causes, arising out of personal contract or obligation, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[June 26, 1795.]

CAP. CXXIV.

An act to enable woolcombers to exercise trades in any town or place in Great Britain.

[June 26, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the combing of wool forms a diflind and cun- Jiderable branch of the woollen mamfudnre, in vjhich branch great numbers of industrious persons have bten educated and employed; and whereas from the great improvement of; machinery the employment hitherto afforded to such persons and their families is likely to be much diminished: and jvhereas many of the?n would willingly employ themselves in other branches of the woollen manufacture, or in such trades as they are, or may become, apt or able to follow and ?nake use of for the getting their living by their own labour, but are, or may be, hindered from exercising those trades in certain cities and corporations, and other places, within this kingdom, because of certain byelaws and customs of those places, or of the statute, made in the fifth year of Afueen Elizabeth, prohibiting the use of certain trades to any person who hath not firved as an apprentice to such trade for the [pace of seven years \ for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's mold excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That Wedcomb*

all fuen persons who have served an apprenticeship to the art. frs'.f.nci their

nr, ,: famdies, may

mystery, or trade, of a wooicomber, or who are, by law, entitled set Up trade in

to use and exercise the same, and also the wives and children of anyplace;

such woolcombers, may set up and exercise such trade, or any other trade or business which they are apt and able for* in any

Vol.XL. Ff town

434 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. C.J24. [1795.

town or place within this kingdom, without any let, suit, or molestation, of any person or persons whatsoever, for or by reason of nor shall they the iifing of such trade; nor shall such woolcombers, or their

until they be come charge able.

Persons sued, proving their apprenticeship. &c. to be found not guilty.

.. ____n __________, nor

wives or children, during the time they shall exercise such trades, be removeable from such respective place or places to his, her, or their, last legal place of settlement, by virtue of any law now in being relative to the settlement of the poor, until such person or persons shall became actually chargeable to such parish or place; and if any such woolcomber, or the wife or child of any such woolcomber, shall be sued, impleacted, or indieted, in any court whatsoever within this kingdom, for using or exercising any such trades as a fore fa id, then the said woolcomber, or the wife or child of any such woolcomber, making it appear to the same court where they are so sued. impleacted, or indicated, that they have served a legal apprenticeship to the said trade of a woolcomber, as aforesaid, or that he, file, or they, is or are the wife or wives, child or children, of such woolcomber or woolcombers who shall have so served a legal apprenticeship as aforesaid, shall, upon the general issue pleacted, be found not guilty, in any plaint, bill, information, or indictment, exhibited against them; and such persons who, notwithstanding this act, shall prosecute the said suit by bill, plaint, information, or indictment, and shall have a verdict pass against: him, or become nonsuit therein, or discontinue their said suit, such person or persons shall pay" unto such woolcomber, or the wife or child of such woolcomber respectively, double costs of suit; to be recovered as any other costs at common law may be recovered; and all judges and juries before whom any such suit, information, or indictment, shall be brought, and all other persons whatsoever, are to take notice of this present act, and shall conform themselves thereto; any statute, law, ordinance, custom, or provision, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any two or more justices of the peace for the county, town, or place, where any such woolcomber, or his wife or child, shall set up and exercise any trade as aforesaid, to cause him or her to be summoned before them in the town or place where he or she shall set up and exercise such trade as aforesaid, in order to make oath of the place of his or her last legal settlement, (which oath the said justices are hereby empowered to administer), and such woolcomber, or his wife or child, is hereby directed to obey such summons, and to make oath accordingly; and such justices are/hereby required to give an attested copy of such affidavit so made before them to the person making the same* m order that he or she may produce it when required; which attested copy shall, at any time, be admitted as evidence as to such last legal settlement, before any of his Majesty's justices of the peace at any general or quarter sessions of the peace: provided always, that in case any such woolcomber, or his wife or child, shall again be summoned to make oath as aforesaid, then, on such attested copy of the oath by him or her

5 formerly

[Double costs.]

Judges, See. to notice this act.

Justices may summon woolcombers to make oath of their legal settlement.

Copy of affidavit to be given, which shall be evidence, Sec.

435

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 125.

formerly taken being produced by him or her, or by any other person on his behalf, such woolcomber, or his wife or child, shall not be obliged to take any other or further oath with regard to his or her legal settle men t, but ill a JI leave a copy of such attested copy of his or her examination, if required.

III. Provided always, That this a (SI shall not in anywise be Act not to

prejudicial to the privileges of the universities of Cambridge and prejudice the 1 j i o ° universities

Oxford, or either of them; or extend to give liberty to any person to set up the trade of a vintner, or to fell any wine or other liquors within the said universities without licence first had and obtained from the vice chancellor of the same respectively.

CAP. CXXV.

An act for preventing the accumulation of debts by any future heir apparent of the crown, and for regulating the mode of expenditure from the time when a separate establishment shall be made for such future heir apparent.

[June 26, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to eflaklift a regular course of pay- rnent of all jujl demands which may be hereafter made upon any future heir apparent of the crown, for any debt to be incurred\ and that the accumulation of debt may be prevented: may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Xing's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the time that a separate establishment shall When-a fepJibe made' for any such future heir apparent, the principal officer be*

or officers of such heir apparent shall, within fourteen days after m^e for any such establishment shall be made, prepare and make out, for the future heir approbation of such heir apparent, a plan of his establishment in apparent, his distinct departments and daffies, and in such order as such officer or officers shall think fit and expedient, together with a plan of out a plan of the idaries and payments of each class, and of each individual establishment, office therein; and shall also prepare and make out an estimate &c. of the annual expences of each distinct department in such establishment, one copy of which plan and estimate, after being approved of by such heir apparent, shall be forthwith lodged with the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, and another in the office of the treasurer, or such principal officer or officers for the time being as shall be appointed by such heir apparent, and another with the clerks of the two houses of parliament respectively: and that, from and after the first quarterly day for the payment of All disburse-the revenue i'o established as aforesaid, all disbursements which ments from shall be made out of such revenues for any of the purposes afore- toV^madeb -said, shall be made by such treasurer or principal officer or offi- the treasurer' cers in the order specified in such plan and estimate, and no for which he other; for which disbursements to be made in the order so lpe- shall be re-cified, such treasurer or principal officer or officers for the timeP0Ilhble. being shall be responsible and liable to answer the damages to the F F2 party

altered.

Treasurer to cause p ay-mem s to be entered in a book, which his Majesty's treasury are to inspect.

43^ Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 125. [1795.

Plan may be party grieved: provided nevertheless, that if it shall at any time be necellafv or expedient to alter the said plan of establishment or estimate of expences as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such principal officer or officers, being directed so to do by such heir apparent, to (late such alteration as may be thought necessary to be made therein; and if the same shall be approved of by such heir apparent, such alteration, so made in such plan of ell abb foment or estimate of expences, shall be lodged as is herein-before mentioned; and that upon any encrease being made to the said separate establishment of such heir apparent, the said treasurer or principal officer shall prepare and make out, for the approbation of such heir apparent, a new plan and estimate in manner herein-before directed; and the several clauses and provisions herein contained shall from thenceforth apply to such new plan and estimate.

II. And be it further enacted, That such treasurer or principal officer or officers for the time being, shall cause a book or books to be kept, in which all payments for any of the purposes aforesaid shall be duly entered in the order and course of payment, with the day, month, and year of paying the same; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, from time to time, (and they are hereby required so to do once at least in every year), to demand an inspection of such book or books, or any copy or copies of the same, or any part thereof, and the said treasurer, or principal officer or officers, is ansi are hereby 'required to pay obedience to the orders of the said of for that purpose,

III. And be it further enacted, That such treasurer or principal officer or officers for the time being, ' shall, within fourteen days after the expiration of every- quarter of a year, cause to be prepared and made out a just and exacft account of all the ex-

which he is to pences incurred within the preceding quarter of a year, and every figrn me an such account shall contain and set forth the several sums paid, and the several demands made, and then outstanding, on account of the expences of each department within the said quarter; and the said treasurer or principal officer or officers shall, and he or they is and are hereby required to examine and audit the said accounts, with the vouchers relative to the same, and to sign his or their approbation of the same, or of such part or parts thereof as he or they shall approve: provided that the amount thereof shall not be disproportionate to or exceed the respective plans and efti-mates as herein-before is directed,

IV. And be it further enacted, That, upon the settlement quarterly account as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said treasurer or principal officer or officers being thereunto authorised by warrant or warrants under the privy leal of such heir apparent, to pay, in the order and course settled as aforesaid, the sums of money specified in such accounts, as the quarterly expence incurred as aforesaid, to the respective persons to whom such heir apparent shall be debited in such account* and the said

Treasurer to cause account of expences to be made out quarterly,

Treasurer, by warrant, may of puch pay the sums specified in quarterly accounts.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 125. 437

said treasurer or principal officer or officers shall pay the Tame accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any deficiency shall

arise in the revenues of such heir apparent at the end of any quarters shall quarter of a year, so as to create an arrear in the payment of any be uncharged, claims made against such heir apparent, and allowed as aforesaid, such arrears shall be carried to the account of the next quarter, and (except in the case where any arrears of a preceding quarter shall likewise be carried to the same account) shall be placed therein first in order of payment, and shall be paid first in order, out of the first monies payable on account of the next succeeding quarter: provided always, that no arrear of any of the salaries or allowances made or to be made by such heir apparent, to any officer or officers whose duty it may be to carry this act into execution, or who may be concerned in the execution of the same, shall be carried on beyond the term of one quarter after the quarter in which the same shall have become due; and that no arrears of any fort shall, on any account, or under any pretence, be carried on for more than two quarters of a year after the quarter when the same shall accrue due; and thats if it shall happen that any arrears shall have been carried on for two quarters of a year, the same shall be discharged and paid out of the funi due and payable in the quarter to which such arrear shall be carried, in preference to the arrear of the preceding quarter, and in preference to all demands that shall accrue in the quarter to which such arrear shall be so carried; and it shall not be lawful for any officer or officers of such heir apparent to audit, allow, or settle, any account for the quarter to which such arrears of two quarters shall be carried, or t; issue any sum or sums of money for the payment or satisfaction of the claims of the quarter to which such arrear shall be carried, until the said arrears shall be fully paid and satisfied: provided also, that in case at the end of any quarter there shall be carried to the account of the same the arrears of two quarters preceding, the arrears of the quarter immediately preceding shall be placed second in the order of payment, and shall be paid second in order next and immediately after the payment of the arrears of the quarter next but one preceding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if at the end of any Surplus at the quarter of a year any surplus shall remain of the said revenue> To belaid after paying and satisfying all debts and demands accrued during the ]^r apl such quarter, and all arrears of former quarters in each depart- parent, ment, such surplus shall and may be paid over to the privy purse

of such heir apparent.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every creditor of such Demands

heir apparent, whole demand shall accrue after the firfib quarterly which shall day for the payment of the said revenue, shall deliver into the ttr

office of the treasurer, or principal officer or officers of such heir quarterly day apparent for the time being, a particular in writing, containing of payment, to the nature and amount of such demand, and signed by him or her be delivered within ten days after the expiration of the quarter of a year in afferth^expi!

F F 3

which ration of the

438 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 125. [1795.

quarter in which such demand shall accrue, in order that the same may be

accriied16^ included in the preceding quarterly account, to be audited as

xt \, aforesaid; and it shall not be lawful for such treasurer, or prin-

rJodemandto ., rc rn.., r,

be included in clPa* omcer or cmcers, to include in any such account, to be

account but audited as aforesaid, or to allow any debt or demand of what na-whathasac- ture or kind loever, which shall not have wholly accrued within the quarter of a year preceding such audit, other than the arrears preceding1 the bich preceding quarters as aforesaid, or which shall not be audit, nor presented to such proper officer within the time herein before any paid. limited, and according to the directions of this act; nor shall such treasurer or principal officer or officers, under any pretence or colour of authority whatever, issue, or eause to be issued, any sum of money for the purpose of paying, satisfying, or discharging, any debt or demand, or any part thereof, which shall not Demands not have accrued and be claimed as aforesaid; and if any person or limited^me Persons, who shall have, or claim to have, any debt or demand to be barred| again# such heir apparent, on any account whatever, shall not, and securities after the hr# quarterly day for the payment of such revenue, de-ro*dUCk ^C^tS bver a particular in writing of the said debt or demand, to such 101° proper officer within ten days after the expiration of the quarter

of a year in which such debt or demand was incurred, every huh debt or demand Avail be barred both at law and in equity: and all bonds, bills, notes, or other securities for money, given or made in consideration of any debt or demand, whereof the particulars, in writing, shall not be delivered according to the directions of this act, shall be null and void to all intents and purpose?; Officer neg- and that if any officer of, or person employed by, such heir ap-l'ert dfm°^Parenb to whom the particulars of such debts or demands shall in quarter!^ be delivered, according to the directions of this act, shall neglect accounts, liV or refuse to insert the same in his account of the quarterly ex-ble to payment' pences incut red in the manner before directed, every such officer ottnem. shall be liable to pay the amount thereof in damages to the party

grieved.

be°br^TOnh°

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no action or suit, either

aJgainftUheir at ^aw orn *all he brought, commenced, or prosecuted,

apparent for by any creditor again# such heir apparent in his own name, as any debt a party for the recovery of any debt or demand whatsoever due, which shallac- or claimed to be due, from such heir apparent, which shall accrue fi^quarterly a^"ter t^ie quarterly ^ay for the payment of such revenue,

day of pay- nor upon any bond, bill, or note, nor upon any security given

inept. for the securing any debt or demand due from such heir apparent,

but that all proceedings in any such action or suit shall be null and void to all intents and purposes.

IX. And, in order that due provision may be made for the recovery ddtver^irf3 of t^e Aift debts of such heir apparent, be it further enacted, That time limited,n a^ ca#s where a demand shall he made, or a debt shall be creditors may claimed, which demand or debt shall have wholly accrued after iue within the said fir# quarterly day for the payment of such revenue, and deliverS Wlt^'n the quarter preceding such claim or demand, and the particulars thereof shall have been delivered to such proper officer within (he time herein-before limited, and the same shall not be

paid.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 125. 439

paid, it shall be lawful for the creditor or creditors, at any ri ne within three calendar months after delivery of such particulars, but not afterwards, to sue and prosecute for the recovery of such debt or demand, in which action or suit the treasurer or other Treasurer to principal officer or officers of such heir apparent, to whom the particulars of the demand shall have been delivered, shall be made defendant, and the like proceedings shall be had in such action or suit as if the treasurer or other principal officer or officers for the time being were the real party therein, save and except that notwithstanding the plaintiff may obtain judgement, no execution shall issue against the person of the treasurer or other principal officer or officers for the time being, nor against his or their proper effects, but the judgement shall be a charge upon the funds Ju^?ement to of such heir apparent which shall be in, or come into, the hands upon the heir of such treasurer or other principal officer or officers within two apparent's quarters after the quarter in which the debt or debts for which funds, such actions shall have been brought, and judgement obtained,

shall have accrued; and such funds, whenever the same shall be in the hands of such treasurer, or other principal officer or officers, shall be liable to the payment of the debt or damages, and costs, recovered in such action or suit, in preference to all debts and demands, except such as shall have arisen in consequence of any prior judgement, which shall have been obtained as is herein before directed; and a note or docket of every judgement so obtained as aforesaid shall be entered by the creditor obtaining the said judgement in the office of the treasurer or other principal officer or officers of such heir apparent within ten days after signing the same, in order to entitle him to the benefit

of this act.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any officer of the cfia- Officer neg-blishment of such heir apparent, or other person intruded with to P1 e-

the management of such revenues, shall neglect or refuse to pre- or to apply*pare, make up, or transmit, any account or accounts, or to audit monies as set-and investigate the same, or to pay and apply the monies in his tied by this hands for that purpose in the order and course to be settled and a?*. 01 established by virtue of this act, or shall divert or misapply the ^c^l^ble^o same, or any part thereof, contrary to the directions of this act, damages, or shall wilfully omit to insert in his quarterly account the claim which may be or claims of any creditor or creditors delivered within the time cou^tYtWeft-allowed by this act, or shall wilfully prepare, make up, or trans- minilei\ mit, any false account, every such officer or.other person so offending against this act, in any of the particulars before mentioned, shall be liable to pay damages to the party grieved; and that all penalties and damages incurred by any person or persons by virtue of this act, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, by action of debt, or on the case, -in any of his Majesty's courts at Westminster, with full costs of suit, in which no essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

44° Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126. [1795.

CAP. CXXVI.

An act for widening and improving the entrance into the city of " London near Temp e Bar \ for making a more commodious jireet, or passage, at Snow Hill; and for raising, on the credit of the orphans fund, a sum of money for those purposes.

[June 26, 1795.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the entrance into the city of London, at and to V the wefiward of " Temple Bar, in the payifo of Saint Clement Danes, in the county of Middlesex, being the principal avenue for carriages from Westminster into the said city: and also the jireet called Snow Hi!, in the farifl) of Saint Sepulchre, in the said city or the liberties thereof bang the principal avenue for carriages into, or through, the said city from the new Jquares and buildings on the north-zuefl thereof \ are too narrow and incommodious for the passing and re-paffmgi as well of foot passengers as of coaches, carts, and other carriages, to the prejudice and inconvenience of the owners and inhabitants of houses in and near the same, to the great interruption of bufmess, and to the endangering of the lives of many of his Majests subjects: and whereas fuel? inconveniences might be removed, if the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the said city, in common council assembled, were enabled to widen and improve the jlrccts or passages at and to the westward of Temple Bar a for said, ancI from the bottom of Holborn Hill to the east end of Snow Hill a for esaid, and for those purposes (if necessary or expedient) to take down, and rebuild in a different po-jition, the parish church of Saint Clement Danes, and also the alms houses at the east end thereof, and the vejlry room and court honfe over the said alms houses, in the county aforesaid, and to purchase such houses, buildings, and ground, as may be- necessary for those purposes; but such improvements cannot be effected without the aid and authority of parliament: therefore* upon the petition of the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, in common council assembled, may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Common authority of the same, That the mayor, aldermen, and commons, C owe red To £'le City London, in common council assembled, shall be, and

widen the they are hereby empowered to design, lay out, open, and make, piss.ige at a spacious and convenient street, way, or passage, from Temple Temple Bar, aforesaid, to the east end, and along the north side, of the

a commodious PaT^ church of Saint Clement Danes aforesaid, home to the east street at Snow ends of IVych Street and Holywell Street, by erecting and building. Hill; and to or enufing to be eretfted and built, dwelling houses or other ereit dwelling buildings, so as to form a straight line from the north end of otTeTbuild- Temple Bar aforesaid to the north east corner of IVych Street afore-ing*s upon the said, and by taking down all the houses and buildings (except the ground to be said parish church of Saint Clement Danes, but which may never-purehused: theless be taken down and rebuilt as herein after mentioned), between such straight line and the south side of the Strand, and to

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126. 441

leave the ground now covered therewith open, for the purpose of making a large and commodious street or passage for the accommodation of the publick; and also to design, lay out, open, and make a commodious street, way, or passage, from the call; end of Snow Hill aforesaid to the bottom of Holborn HiU aforesaid; and to erect and build, or cause to be eredfed and built, such dwelling houses, and other buildings, as they shall think proper, upon such part of the ground to be purchased by virtue and under the authority of this aeft, at or near Snow Hill aforesaid, or such part or parts thereof as shall not be necessary for the street, way, or pafihge, intended to be made there as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That if the said mayor, alder- also to take men, and commons, in common council assembled, shall think it re

necessary or expedient, for the purpose of widening and improv- church of St. ing the street or passage on the south side of the said parish church clement of Saint Clement Danes, to take down the said parish church and Danes, rebuild it in a different position, then, and in such case, the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, shall be, and they are hereby enabled to take down the said parish church of Saint Clement Danes: and in case the said parish church should be taken down by the authority of this act, the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, are hereby directed and required to erect, or cause to be erected, another church, in a good and workmanlike manner, of the same style, form, and dimensions, as the present parish church is of, with the present materials so far as they are found and good, and with new materials of the like qualities and dimensions to supply the deficiencies; and to build, or cause to be built, under the said new church, the like number of vaults for the burial of the dead, and of as large dimensions at least as the vaults which are under the present parish church, and to place the said new church as near as conveniently can be to the ftte whereon the said parish church now7 stands, and to place and fix, in a good and workmanlike manner, galleries and pews in the said new church, of the same form, structure, and dimensions, and of as good materials in every respect, as the galleries and pews which are now placed and fixed in the present parish church; and also to hang, put up, and fix, in the like good and workmanlike manner, in the said new church, the bells, the organ, organ case, and all other the fixtures, furniture, and appurtenances, of and belonging to the present parish church, in like lltuations, manner, and form, as the same are now fixed and placed respectively therein; and also to provide, make, and fix, a sufficient iron raising at a convenient distance from and round the said new church to be built as aforesaid, with a footway of a sufficient width on the outside of the raising next the street or carriage-way: pro- Except the*vided always, that if the said parish church shall be taken down stepsmi the under the authority of this act, the said mayor, aldermen, and south side commons, in common council assembled, shall not be subject or thereof, liable to rebuild the portico and steps on the south side of the said church: provided further, that, if the said parish church shall be The church

taken to^rebu.lt

44*

in four years after it is begun to be taken down.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126, [1795.

taken down as aforesaid, the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, are hereby directed and required to begin to take down the lame within the space of five years from and after the passing of this add, and to complete and finish the new church to be built as aforesaid, so that it may be in a fit and proper condition for the celebration of divine fer- r vice, within the space of four years, to be computed from the day on which the workmen employed by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, shall begin to take down any part of the present parish church.

For preferring

II. And be it further enacted, That, in taking down the said the graves, church, and removing the materials thereof, the graves shall be and monu-as dildurbed, and as little damage shall be done to the grave merits, in Saint stones, monuments, and monumental inscriptions, in and about

Clements chur/.h and church yard.

the said church, as reasonably may be; and that such monuments and monumental inscriptions as shall be necessarily removed on account thereof shall be fixed, at the expence of the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said city of London, in the new church or church yard as the same are respectively now placed, and in such part or parts of the said new church or church yard as shall be most fit; and that there shall be inclosed, within a new church yard to be made pursuant to this act, as nearly as may be, the same quantity of ground at lead, fit and convenient for the burial of the dead as the old church yard contains: provided always, that, during such time as the said new church yard or vaults shall be rebuilding, altering, or repairing, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the relations and friends of any person or persons whose corpse or corpses shall have been interred or deposited in the present church yard, or in the present church, or vaults under the same, with the consent of the rector and churchwardens of the said parish for the time being, or the major part of them, to remove such corpse or corpses to any other place or places set apart for the burial of the dead; and, if they shall think fit, to bring back the same, and deposit them in the said new church yard, or in the said new church, or in the vaults under the same, as soon as the said church yard, church, and vaults, shall have been built as aforesaid, and made fit for the burial of the dead, any law, ecclesiastical canon, or usage, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and such corpses as shall not be removed as aforesaid from the vaults under the present church shall, at the expence of the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, out of the fund to be raisied by virtue of this act, and as soon as conveniently may be after the said new vaults shall have been built as aforesaid, and made fit for the burial of the dead, be taken out of the old vaults and placed in the said new vaults, except the bodies in such vaults as shall be finally closed up.

Directing that

IV. And be it further enacted, That, during the time of tak-fervfces^ shall nS ^own t^le church of Saint Clement Danes, and until the (during the said new church shall have been built and made fit and opened rebuilding of for the celebration of divine fervico, it shall and may be lawful

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126. 443

for the redfor of the said parish for the time being, his curate, or Saint Cle-

fotne minister duly authorised in that behalf, and they are hereby, mentschurch) -, J 1.c r u 1 ' J be performed

required, in the morning and evening or every Gord s day com- j^y0ns jnn

monly called Sunday, and in the morning and evening of Christ- Hall; and that mas Day and Good Friday, to read, in Lyon's Inn Hall, or any the hall shall other hall or place within the said parish that shall be approved of a be used by the lord bishop of London, (his consent and the consent of the voom^nd owners of such hall or place being first obtained), the prayers court house prescribed in the book of common prayer and publick liturgy of for the duchy the church of England; and, after reading of the prayers as afore- ot Lancaster. said, to preach a fennon in the said hall, or other place so to be appointed, in the morning and evening of the several days before mentioned; and also to read prayers in the said hall, or other place, in the morning on every Wednesday and Friday in the week; and the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, are hereby required to give notice, in writing, to the said redftor and churchwardens for the time being, two calendar months at least before they begin to take down any part of the said parish church; and, before the expiration of the said two calendar months, the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, are hereby directed and required, out of the fund to be raised by virtue of this act, to prepare, fit up, and put the said hall, or other place, into such a state and condition as is proper and convenient for receiving such of the inhabitants of the said parish as shall repair thereto for the hearing of divine service as is herein-before directed to be performed: and it is hereby declared, that, until the said new church shall be made fit and convenient, and also opened for the celebration of divine service, the said re£tor for the time being, his curate or some minister duly authorised in that behalf, shall continue, and they are hereby required to continue, to perform divine service as is herein-before directed in the said hall, or other place so to be appointed, according to the form and manner set forth in the said book of common prayer; and, in the said hall or place, from time to time, to publish the banns of marriage, to solemnize marriages, to administer the publick baptism of children, or of persons of riper years, to church women, to read the service for the burial of the dead, and to perform and administer, in the said hall or other place, all and any other duties, services, and offices, prescribed by the said book of common prayer; and it is hereby also declared, that all banns of marriage so published, and all marriages so solemnized, shall be as good and valid, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if the same had been published or solemnized in the present church of Saint Clement Danes, any law, statute, or usage, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and that all fees and perquisites, due and payable for or on account of such publication of the banns of marriage, solemnization of marriages, administering of baptism, churching of women, burying the dead, or for performing any other office prescribed by the said book of common prayer, shall belong to and be paid to the rector, parish clerk, sexton, and other officers belonging to the said

444 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126. [1795.

said parish of Saint Clement Danes, in such and the same manner and proportions, to all intents and purposes, as if such banns of marriage, marriages, baptiffns, churchings, burials, and any otherservice or office prescribed by the said book of common prayer, had been published, foletrmized, administered, and performed, in the said parish church of Saint Clement Danes; and that the compensation to be paid for the use of such hall or other place shall, during and until such time as the said church shall be fit and complete for the performance of divine service, and all other rites and ceremo* nies, be borne and paid by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, out of the said fund to be jaised by virtue of this act; and that such hall or other place, so to be approved of as aforesaid, may be also used for the holding of vestries and all other parochial or other purposes directed by any statute or law now in being, as also for holding the courts of the duchy of Lancaster \ and the same shall be, and is hereby declared to be, within the said duchy, for all and every the purposes that the rooms now used for such purposes are used, and shall have the same force and effect, any law, statute, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And whereas, for carrying the purposes of this act into execution, it may be necessary to take down, at the ea/l end of Saint Clement's church yard, the vejlry rooms and alms houses of and belonging to the said parish of Saint Clement Danes, and which vejlry rooms are also used as court rooms by the duchy of Lancaster; and the same, if so taken down, ought to be rebuilt in some other convenient part of the said parish \ be it therefore enacted, That in case the said buildings called and used as the now vestry rooms of the said parish, and alms houses, be pulled down for the purposes aforesaid, that then the said mayor, aldermen* and commons, in common council assembled, shall and will, out of the monies to be received by virtue of this act, upon some part of the ground which shall become vested in them by virtue of this act, or to be provided for the purpose, as shall and may be most fit and convenient, and as near as conveniently may be to the said parish church, erect, build, complete, and finish, a new and sufficient building or buildings, of not less dimensions than the present buildings, to be for ever then after used as vestry rooms and alms houses for the said parish, and for court rooms for the said duchy of Lancaster, in such and the like sort and manner as the now vedry rooms and alms houses of the said parish are and have been used; and to be thereafter fudained and kept in repair by the said parish and duchy in like manner as the said vedry rooms and alms houses now are, so that the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, shall not thereafter be liable or chargeable thereto.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any such alterations may be made, in the building the said parish church, vestry, and court rooms, and other publick buildings, as shall be agreed upon by and between the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, and the inhabitants of the said parish of

Saint

For re-building the vestry room and alms houses and duchy of Lancaster court room.

Alterations may be made in the church and other buildings by mutual content.

445

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126

Saint Clement Danes, in vestry assembled; provided that the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, be not put to any additional expence in or by fitch alterations.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if the said buildings Declaringtlnt

shall be erected in any part of the said parish of Saint Clementthe court Danes that shall not be within the said duchy of Lancaster, such tndlTfo^the buildings, and the rooms therein to be used as court rooms, shall duchy of Lan-be, and the same are hereby declared to be, within the said duchy, caster shall be for all and every the uses and purposes that the rooms now used deemed to be for such purposes are; and that all acts done therein shall have C

and be of the same force and effect as if done and transacted within the said duchy; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be New streets lawful, to and for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in ^ovve common council assembled, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, to rail's or lower the ground of such intended streets,

ways, or pastages, so to be made as aforesaid, or any part thereof, as they shall judge necessary.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in the Dirtftinghow designing, laying out, opening, and making, such streets, ways,

or pastages, and in the erecting such dwelling houses and other and made.' buildings, the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, shall and do, out of the monies to be received by virtue of this add, in a substantial and workmanlike manner, fill in all and every the vaults, cellars and open places, over which it may be necessary to new pave, with good, found, hard brick rubbish, to be well rammed down every three or four inches thick, to prevent the ground from giving way; and do and shall make a large, handsome, and convenient way or padage on or over the ground to be laid into the streets or passages by virtue hereof; and, out of such monies so to be received, well and effectually pave over all the ground of the said new intended streets, ways, and pastages, with the materials of the present pavement as.far as they will extend, and with a sufficient quantity of new materials of like quality and dimensions to supply the deficiency; and shall and will, in like manner, out of such monies so to be received, relay and repair all and every part of the streets, ways, and pastages, which they shall disturb or alter in carrying the purposes of this act into execution: provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, with repairing or making good such pavements or alterations in future; but that, from and after the same shall be so paved, relaid, and repaired as aforesaid, the same shall for ever after be kept in repair by and at the expence of the said parish of Saint Clement Danes.

X. And whereas there is due to William Seager the sum of seven hundred and fifty pounds^with interest thereon, after the rale of four pounds ten shillings per centum per annum ^secured npon7 and payable out of the additional paving rates in Butcher Row, and also

that

446 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126. [1795.

that part of Wych Street which leads from the end of the said p.Butcher Row to Holywell Street, which ought to be paid off or the*payment secure(l \ be it therefore further enacted, That the said mayor, of75ol. and aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, shall, interest until the re-building of such dwelling houses, or other -build-

the^aviUP°n an<* unt1^ t^ie shall be occupied, be subject and liable

rates b^But- to t^e Payment to the said William Seager of his said debt of seven cherRovv, &c. hundred and fifty pounds; and shall pay unto the said William Seager, his executors, administrators, or assigns, interest at and after the rate of four pounds ten shillings for each one hundred pounds of the said sum of seven hundred and fifty pounds, out of the monies to be raised in pursuance of the authority given to the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, by this act; and that when such dwelling houses, or other buildings, to be ercdted in the said parish of Saint Clement Danes, shall be so completed in pursuance of this add, and be-, come occupied, the same shalf be charged and liable to the debt and interest of the said William Seager, and all other paving rates to be made and payable, in such and the like manner as the said places called The Butcher Row, and that part of Wych Street which leads from the end of the said Butcher Row to Holywell Street, have at any time heretofore been assessed and paid; and from thenceforth the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, and the fund to be raised under and by virtue of this act, shall be absolutely discharged from all payments and charges for or on account or in respect of the said debt and interest.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, to cause all sewers and drains, which shall lie and be in or near such intended streets, ways, or pastages, or either of them, or any part thereof, to be arched over, or filled up, as shall appear necessary for completing the said intended improvements, so as the same shall not in anywise obstruct, injure, or prejudice, any publick fewer or drain whatsoever or any private drain, without making another drain, or fewer in lieu thereof, equally fer-viceable and convenient to the individual or neighbourhood.

XII. Provided always, 1 hat, at the time of filling up any fewer or drain as aforesaid, the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, shall make, erect, and build, other good and sufficient sewers and drains, of convenient depth and width; and when the same shall be so made and completed, the said respective sewers and drains shall be under the jurisdiction, care, management, and direction, of the of appointed, or to be appointed, under or by virtue of any act or acts of parliament, for the district or districts wherein such sewers or drains respectively shall be situate.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, to cause to be built upon, stopped up, or inclosed, any part or parts of the present streets, and any of the

p relent

Sewers and drains to be arched over or filled up.

Drains or sewers to be made, &c.

Common council empowered to build on, flop up, or inclose

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126. 447

present court?, alleys, ways, or passages, and any void ground ad- Parts °t

joining to the said intended streets, and which now are, or here- lLlect:, > a o rr 1, also courts,

tofore were, uled as ways or paiiages, and any part or parts there- See.

of which shall appear to the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, proper to be built upon, (topped up, or inclosed, for the purposes of carrying this add into execution; and to sell and dispose of, or let, the ground and foil thereof to any person or persons, bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, for such uses as they shall think proper, so as the money arising by such sale or biles, or letting, be applied to the purposes of this act; provided that the ways or pallages on the north side of Butcher Row be not lessened in width at the Couth ends thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Common lawful to and for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in CQ^red to* common council assembled, and they are hereby empowered, to piu-chafe treat and agree with the owners and occupiers thereof, and other houses, land, persons interested therein, for the purchase of all the hotifes, build- &-.for ings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, not exceeding one hundred feet in depth from the fronts thereof respectively, on the' ,

north side of the Strand, Butcher Row, and the street or way called or known by the name of The Back of Saint Cle?nends> from the south west corner of Shire Lane, to the east end of ITych Street aforesaid; and all'o the three islands of houses and buildings between the same and the south side of the Strand, or so many or such part or parts of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as they shall think necessary to be purchased, removed, or pulled down, for effecting the said improvements at, and to the westward of, Temple Bar aforesaid; and also to treat and agree with the owners and occupiers thereof, and other persons interested therein, for the purchase of all such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as they shall think necessary to be purchased, removed, or pulled down, for effecting the said improvements at or near Snow Hill; and, after payment of the sum or Turns of money which shall be agreed upon or ascertained for such purchase or purchases, the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, are hereby authorised to appoint their agents or workmen to puli down such houses and buildings, and remove, fell, or dispose of the materials thereof, and to lay out such lands respectively into such intended streets, ways, or passages, as aforesaid, or otherwise apply and dispose thereof for the purposes of this act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, if the said r mayor, For building aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, should til]e VCl^T think proper to build such new vestry rooms, alms houses, at thew^ft and court rooms, or any or either of them, as before mentioned, end of the at the west end of Saint CUments church yard aforesaid, then, and.church yard-in such case, the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common

council assembled, shall also be, and they are hereby empowered to treat and agree with the owners and occupiers thereof, and other persons interested therein, for the purchase of all the houses,

buildings,

448 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126. [1795.

buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, on the west end of the said church yard, between the Strand and Holywell Street aforesaid, and on the north side of the Strand from the south-west corner of the said church yard, and on the south side of Holy-well Street, from the north-west corner of the said church yard, in the several occupations of miss Curtis, master Hayes, mafe; Stilfox, master Lambert, master Flits, miss Wickens, and master Hobson; or such or so many of the same houses, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as they the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, shall deem necessary or expedient to be purchased; and, after payment of the sum or sums of money which shall be agreed on or ascertained for such purchase or purchases, the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, are hereby authorised to appoint their agents or workmen to pull down such houses and buildings, and remove, lell, or dispose of, the materials thereof; and, upon the ground so to be purchased, or a fuin-cient part thereof, to build and finish one or more sufficient, building or buildings, lor such new vestry rooms, alms houses, and court rooms, or any or either of them, as aforesaid, to be used, sustained, and kept in repair, in such manner as is herein-before mentioned and directed concerning the same; and to build, or cause to be built, upon such part of the same ground which shall be so purchased as shall not be wanted for the purposes last herein-before mentioned, such other houses or buildings as they shall think fit.

hTo person

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Id I*1 ^ar^of his Person or P^fons, bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, shall premises^f 1S aPpPed to, by or on behalf of the said mayor, aldermen, willing to fell and commons, in common council assembled, to treat for, fell,

the whole. dispose of, or convey, for any of the purposes of this act, any part or parts of any house, building, land, tenement, or hereditament, in the actual occupation of one person, or of several persons jointly, and shall, by notice in writing, to be left at the comptroller's office in the Guildhall of the said city, within thirty days next after such application, signiry his, her, or their inclination or desire to treat for, fell, dispose of, and convey, the whole of such house, building, land, tenement, or hereditament, some part whereof shall be deemed necessary to be purchased for the purposes of this act; and it shall happen that the said

mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, shall not think proper, or be willing, to purchase the whole of such house, building, land, tenement, or hereditament, then, and in every such case, nothing in this act contained'shall extend, or be construed to extend, to compel the several persons interested therein, to treat for, fell, dispose of, or convey part only, or less than the whole, of such house, building, land, tenement, or hereditament; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Power ofpur-

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, if chafing limit- ^he said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council

assembled,

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 1261 449

assembled, shall not, within the space of seven years next after eci toseven passing this act, agree for, or cause^to be valued as herein after years-mentioned, and purchase the houses, buildings, lands, tenements*, and hereditaments, which they are hereby empowered to purchase as aforesaid; then, and from thenceforth, the powers to them hereby granted for such purpose only shall cease, determine, and be utterly void and of no effect; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Bodies po-lawful to and for all bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, h^ck, &c* corporations aggregate or foie, trustees and feoffees in trust for ^her^eifons charitable or other uses, and all other trustees and feoffees in trust empowered to v/hatsoever, guardians and committees for lunaticks and idiots, fell and con-executors, administrators, and guardians whatsoever, and not VGY lands, only for or on behalf of themselves, their heirs and successors, ^c' but r.lfo for and on behalf of their Ccftuique trulls, whether infants or issue unborn, lunaticks, idiots, femes covert, or other persons whomsoever; and to and for all femes covert who are or shall be seised in their own right; and to and for all and every person and persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised or possessed of, or intefefted in, any houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which, by the said mayor, aldermen* and commons, in common council assembled, shall be thought necessary to be purchased for any of the purposes of this a£r, to fell, and convey, alsign, or surrender, all or any such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any of them, or any part or parcel thereof, and all their respective interests therein, of what nature or kind soever, to the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, or any person or persons in trust for them; and that all contracts, agreements* bargains, sales, conveyances, alignments, surrenders, and assurances, which shall be made by such persons as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in the lav/, to all intents and purposes, not only to convey the estate conveying, but also to

use, trust, property, claim, and demand whatsoever, of their several and respective Cestuique trusts, whether infants or issue unborn, lunaticks, idiots, femes covert, or other persons whomsoever, and all claiming, or to claim, by, from, or Under them, any law, statute, usage, or any other matter or thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding: and that all such persons so conveying as aforesaid, or making such a flu ranees as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this act, notwithstanding any omiilion, or mistake of matter or form whatsoever: and, if it shall happen that any bodies politick,

Corporate* or collegiate, or any other person or persons, seised or possessed of, or interested in, any such houses, buildings, of mayor and lands, tenements, or hereditaments as aforesaid, shall refuse to aldermen to treat or agree, or by reason of disability cannot agree with the aQP^" said mayor, aldermen* and commons, in common council aflem- paonellhigV Vql* XL# G Q bled, juryj

and interest of the person and persons convey all right, estare, interest*

When parties refuse to irear* &c. the court

45° Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126. [1795.

bled, or with any person or persons authorised by them, for the sale and conveyance of their respe6Hve estates and interests therein, or shall not produce and evince a clear title to the premises they are in possession of, or to the interest they claim therein, to the satisfaction of the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, or of the person or persons so authorised by them; then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the coart of mayor and aldermen of the said city, to be holden in the outer chamber of, the Guildhall of the said city according to the custom of the said city, and the said court are hereby empowered and authorised, to issue a warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, directed to the sheriffs of the city of London, or to the sheriff of the county of Middlesex, or high bailiff of Westminster, as the case shall require, who are, and each of them is, hereby authorised, directed, and required, accordingly, to impannel, summon, and return, a competent number of substantial and disinterested persons qualified to serv'e on juries, not less than forty eight nor more than seventy-two; who are to be and out of such persons so to be impannelled, summoned, and tl Geo^6 returnec^ a Jut7 twe^ve Tnen be drawn, by some person directs °* to ^y the court appointed, in such manner as juries for the trial of issues joined in his Majesty's courts at Westminster are, by an act made in the third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the better regulation of juries^ directed to be drawn; which persons, so to be impannelled, summoned, and returned, as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the said court of mayor and aldermen, if the premises in dispute lie in the said city of London, at such time and place as in such warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, shall be directed and appointed; and if the premises lie in the county of Middlesex, to come and appear before the justices of the peace for the said county of Middlesex., at some quarter or general sessions of the peace, to be holden in and for the said county, or some adjournment thereof, as in such warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, shall be directed and appointed; and if the premises lie in the liberty of Westminster, to come and appear before the justices of the peace for the city and liberty of Westminster, at some quarter sessions of the peace to be holden in and for the said city and liberty, or some adjournment thereof, as in such warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend the said courts respectively, from day to day, until discharged by the said jury may be courts respectively; and all parties concerned shall and may challenged. have their lawful challenges against: any of the said jurymen, but shall not be at liberty to challenge the array: and the said court of mayor and aldermen, or justices, reflectively, are hereby authorised and empowered, by preceptor precepts, from time to time, as occasion shall require, to call before them all and every person and persons whomsoever, who shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined as a witness or witnesses, on his, her, or their oath or oaths, touching or concerning the premises $ and the

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126. 451

the said court of mayor and aldermen, or justices, respectively, if they think fit, shall and may, on the application of either party, likewise authorise the said jury to view the place or places, or premises, in question, in such manner as they shall direct; and the said court of mayor and aldermen, or justices, respectively, shall have power to adjourn such meeting from day to day, as occasion shall require, and to command such jury, witnesses, and parties, to attend, until all such affairs for which they were summoned shall be concluded; and the said Jury to assess jury upon their oaths (which oaths, as also the oaths of such per-^value on son or persons as shall be called upon to give evidence, the said court of mayor and aldermen, or justices, respectively, are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall inquire of the value of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments* and of the proportionable value of the respective estates and interests of every person or persons seised or possessed thereof, or interested therein, or of or in any part thereof; and shall assess and award the sum or sums of money to be paid to such person or persons, party or parties, respectively, for the purchase of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and of such respective estates and interests therein, and also for goodwill, improvements, or any injury or damage whatsoever, that may effect any such person or persons, party or parties, either as leaseholder or tenant at will; and the said court of mayor and aldermen, or justices, respectively, shall and may give judgement for such sum or sums of money so to be assessed; which said ver- Verdi# of the dict or verdicts, and the said judgement and judgements, determination and determinations thereupon, (notice in writing being previous no. given to the person or persons interested, or claiming so to be, ticeto begivert at least fourteen days before the time of the meeting of the to parties said court of mayor and aldermen, or justices, as aforesaid, re- interested. spectively, and the jury, by leaving such notice at the dwelling house of such person or persons, or at his, her, or their, usual place or places of abode, or with some tenant or occupier of some of the said houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, intended to be valued or assessed), shall be binding and conclusive to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as well against the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, as.against all bodies politick, corporate, and collegiate, and all and every person and persons claiming any estate, right, title, trust, use, or interest, in, to, or out of, such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and premises, in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, as well infants and issue unborn, lunaticks, idiots, and femes covert, and persons under any other legal incapacity or disability, as all other Gsftuique trusts, his, her, and their heirs, successors, executors, and administrators, and against all other persons whomsoever; and the said verdicts, judgements, and determinations, and all other proceedings of the said court of mayor and aldermen, and justices respectively, and juries, so to be made, given, and pronounced, as aforesaid,

shall be fairly written on parchment^ and signed by the town

G Q 2 clerk

Expences of juries provided for.

clerk of the said city, or the clerk of the peace of the said county* or the high bailiff of Westminster, for the timer being, as the case shall be: and in case it shall so happen, that the sum or sums of money, so to be assessed and awarded, in consequence of such refusal to treat and agree as aforesaid, as the value of such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or as such proportional value as aforesaid, and as the recompence and satisfaction to be made for the injury or damage sustained, as before mentioned respectively, shall not exceed the sum or sums of money, which the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, or any person or persons authorised by them, shall have previously offered to pay, as and for such value, recompence, and satisfaction, then, and in every such case, all the reasonable costs, charges, and expences, of caufnig and procuring such value and recompence, to be aftelTed and awarded by a jury as aforesaid, and of so assessing and awarding the same, shall be borne and paid by the bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, or other person or persons so seised or possessed of, or interested in, 'such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and so refusing to treat and agree as before mentioned respectively; arrd the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, are hereby authorised and empowered to dedudf and retain the said costs, charges, and expences, out of the sum or sums of money so to be afiefled or awarded as aforesaid, or out of any part thereof.

Upon pay-

XIX. And be it further enacted, That upon payment of the ment ot' the sum or sums of money so to be awarded and adjudged as afore-the^remiies^ a^ter such dedutftion as aforesaid, to the person or persons

tobeconveyed to whom the same shall be so awarded, for the purchase of the to the city. said houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or for the purchase of any estate or interest therein, such person or persons shall make and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid, and legal, conveyances, alignments, and assurances, in the law, to the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, or any person or persons in trust for them, of the said houses, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or of such estate or interest for which such sum or sums of money shall be so awarded, and shall procure all necessary parties to execute such conveyances, alignments, and assurances, and shall do all acts, matters, and things, necessary and requisite to make and derive a good, clear, and perfect title thereto, to the said mayor and commonalty and citizens; and such conveyances, assignmeets, and assurances, shall contain all such reasonable and usual covenants as shall, on the part of the faicj When a good mayor and commonalty and citizens, be required; and in case

tide cannot person or persons, to whom such sum or sums of money shall be made, or, 1..*r ?, n, ..., ../

legal convey- be awarded as aforesaid, mail not be able to evince, and make out

ancesexecut- a good and sufficient title to the premises, to the satisfaction of ed > the said mayor, aldernlen, and commons, in common council af-

sembled, and to make, or procure to be made, good, valid, and legal conveyances thereof to the said mayor and commonalty and citizens

43$

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126

zens, or any person or persons in trust for them, or shall refuse so to do, being thereto required, and such sum or sums so asselled and awarded as aforesaid, ^after such dedudion as aforesaid, being produced and tendered to be paid to him, her, or them, on their making such title, and executing, or procuring to be executed, such conveyances, alignments, or assurances, as aforesaid, or shall refuse to accept or receive the same, being tendered to be paid to him, her, or them; or in case any such person or persons, or the parties to whom any sum or sums of money as aforesaid shall be so be

awarded, cannot be found in the said city of London, orin the county of Middlesex, or in case that, by reason of disputes depending in any court of law or equity, or for defect of evidence, it shall not appear to the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, what person or persons is or are entitled to the premises in question; then, and in every such case, court to or-it shall and may be lawful to and for the said court of mayor ^afe^ monV and aldermen to order the said sum or sums so assessed to be paid in-awarded as the value and purchase money for the said houses, to the bank, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as aforesaid, to&c*» be paid into the bank of England\ in the name, and with the privity, of the accountant general of the high court of chancery, to be placed to his account, to the credit of the parties interested in the said houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments,

(describing the m), subject to the order, controul, and disposition,

of the said court of chancery; which said court of chancery, on subject to the

the application of any person or persons making claim to such court oftlC

sum or sums, or any part thereof, by motion or petition, shall be, chancery, on

and is hereby empowered, in a summary way of proceeding, or motion or,

otherwise as to the same court shall seem meet, to order distribu- petition.

tion thereof, according to the respective estate or estates, title,

or interest, of the person or persons making claim thereunto, and

to make such other order in the premises as to the said court

shall seem just and reasonable; and the cashier or cashiers of the

bank of England, who shall receive such sum and sums, is and

are hereby required to give a receipt or receipts for such sum or sums, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose use the same is or are received, to such persons as shall pay any such sum or sums into the bank as aforesaid.

XX. And be further enacted, That all such verdicts, judge- Verdi6bs and ments, sentences, determinations, orders, and other proceedings, Wintered8 to of the said court of mayor and aldermen, or justices respectively, among the and juries, as relate to or concern any of the cases before menti- records, oned, and all receipts, which the said cashier or cashiers of the bank shall give, for any sum or sums of money paid into the bank in consequence of any such verdictt and judgement, shall be entered among the records of the said court of mayor and aldermen, or general quarter sessions of the peace for the said county of Middlesex, as the case shall happen to be; and the said verdicts, judgements, sentences, decrees, and orders, and other proceedings, shall be deemed and taken to be records to all intents and purposes >yhatsoever; and the same, or true copies thereof, shall

Q G 3 be

xbe deemed and taken to be good and effectual evidence and proof in any court or courts of law or equity whatsoever; and all persons shall and may have recourse to the same gratis, and to take copies thereof, paying for every copy not exceeding two hundred words sixpence, and so proportionably for any greater Immediately^ number of words: and immediately after such verdicts, judge-and payments, ments? Sentences, decrees, orders, and other proceedings, of the &c. premises said court of mayor and aldermen, or justices, as aforesaid, re-to vert in the spectively, and juries, and payment into the bankas aforesaid, clty* and after such receipt or receipts of the said cashier or cashiers

shall be given as before mentioned, all the ertate, right, title, interest, use, trull, property, claim, and demand, in law and equity, of the person or persons to whose credit such money shall be paid, in, to, and out of, the houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premises, to be purchased as aforesaid, shall vest in the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, and they shall be deemed in law to be in the actual seisin or possession thereof to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if every person having any elfate in the premises had actually conveyed the same by lease and release, bargain and sale inrolled, feoffment with livery of seisin, fine, common recovery, or any other conveyance or assurance whatsoever; and such payment shall not only bar all right, title, interest, claim, and demand, of the person or persons to whose credit such payment shall have been made, but also shall extend to, and be deemed and construed to bar, the dower and dowers of the wife and wives of such person and persons, and all estates tail, and other estates in possession, reversion, remainder, or expedfancy, and the issue and ilfues of such person and persons, and every person claiming under them, as effectually as fines or common recoveries would do, if levied or suffered by the proper parties in due form of law. or andalder^-

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it men on petfti- shall and rnay lawful to and for the said court of mayor and on, may invert aldermen, after such payment into the bank, and entry of the re-the money in ceipt as aforesaid, and before any application in respect thereof fundsllt>iiCli to k*lc* court chancery, at the petition of any person or persons claiming to be interested in such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to place out or invert, or cause to be placed out or inverted, such sum or sums of money, or any, part thereof, in some of the publick funds, or on government

security, at interest, in the name or names of any person or persons authorised and appointed by the said court of mayor and aldermen for that purport, in trurt, to transfer and assign the same to the person or persons to whom the premises shall belong, on their executing proper conveyances thereof; and, in the mean time, in trurt, to pay the interest and dividends arising therefrom to the person or persons who was or were in possession of the said premises at the time of the said payment into the bank, such tenant in possession not being a tenant at will; and the said court of mayor and aldermen are hereby empowered to make such order as aforesaid on the bank, for the payment of such sum or sums

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126. 455

sums of money, or any part thereof, as shall be necessary, in order to the same being so invested in publick securities; and the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, or other person or persons, to whom the said premises, for which such money shall have been so paid as aforesaid, shall, by the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said city, in common council assembled, be ordered or appointed to be conveyed as before mentioned, shall be quieted in the seisin and possession of the houses, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, for which such money shall be so paid as aforesaid, and shall not be answerable or accountable in any court of law or equity, for the money so deposited and placed out as aforesaid, any otherwise than according to the true meaning of this a£L

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the principal money Purchase mo

arising from the sale of any houses, buildings, lands, tenements, held "in

or hereditaments, which shall be purchased for the purposes ex- trusttobe pressed in this act, of any body corporate or collegiate, corpora- inverted in tion aggregate or foie, feoffees in trust, guardians, committees, other pur-or other trustees, or from any same covert, exceeding the sum of tllC

twenty pounds, shall be paid to such persons as they shall respectively nominate to receive the same in trust-, with all convenient speed then afterwards to be re-invested in the purchase of other houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to and upon, and subject to the like uses, trusts, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the houses, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which shall be purchased of them respectively, by the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, as aforesaid, were respectively settled, limited, or allured, at the time of such purchase, or so many thereof, as at the time of making such conveyances and fetdements shall be existing and capable of taking effect; and any such body, corporation, or other person, as aforesaid, shall or may be at liberty to add any money, not exceeding one hundred pounds; and the money arising from such sale as aforesaid to be re-invested as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the conveyance of Bargains and any such estate or interest of any same covert, to the said mayor force oT and commonalty and citizens, or any person or persons in trust £nes and rc_ for them, by indenture or indentures of bargain and sale, sealed coveries. and delivered by such same covert, in the presence of, and attested by, two credible witnesses, and duly acknowledged, and to be inrolled in the court of hustings of the city of London, in caie the premises in questions lie within fuclTcity or the liberties thereof, and if in the county of Middlesex, then to be inrolled in the high court of chancery within six calendar months after the making thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the estate and interest of such same covert in the premises, as any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries, would or could do, if levied or fiiffered thereof in due form of law; and further, that all bargains and sales whatsoever, to be made of any such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as shall be purchased

Persons having any right, &c. to enter their claims within a limited time, or be barred.

by the said mayor and commonalty and citizens by virtue of and for the purpose of this act, and inrolled as aforesaid, shall have the like force, effect, and operation, in law, to all intents and purposes, as any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries whatsoever, would have had, if levied or suffereo by the bargainer or bargainers, or any person or persons seised of any estate in the premises in truth, for such bargainer or bargainers, in any legal manner or form whatsoever.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons whomsoever, having or claiming any right, title, interest, use, property, claim, or demand whatsoever, whether in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, in, to, or out of, any houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which, by virtue and for the purposes of this act, shall be purchased by, and conveyed or mentioned, or intended to be conveyed, to the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, or any person or persons in trust for them, by any such bargain and sale as aforesaid, shall, within the space of five years, to be computed from the date of the inrolment of such bargain and sale enter a memorial of such their right, title, interest, use, property, claim, and demand, in a book to be for that purpose prepared and kept by the town clerk of the said city of London, or the clerk of the peace of the said county of Middlesex, for the time being respectively which book the said town clerk and clerk of the peace respectively are hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly, and for which entry they shall be entitled to such fee, and no other, as the register of the county of Middlesexis by law entitled to, for the registry of a memorial containing the same number of words; and all and every person and persons whosoever, not entering such right, claim, and demand, within such time, and in such manner as aforesaid, or having so entered the same, and not prosecuting such their right, claim, or demand, with effect, within the space of five years, to be computed from the time of such entry, shall be for ever barred of all right, title, use, equity, property, claim, and demand whatsoever, whether in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, in, to, upon, or out of, the said premises, and every part thereof; and the said mayor, and commonalty, and citizens, and those claiming by, from, or under them, shall be quieted in the possession of alt such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premises; any lav/, statute, usage, matter, or thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That any person or persons barred of any right, title, estate, interest,

But may recover the purchase money,

&c. from per- claim, or demand, whatsoever, in, to, or out of, the said houses, fons receiving buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, by virtue of this 1 ie ame. act, shall be at liberty to bring any action or actions of debt, or for money had and received to his, her, or their use, against any person or persons, or the legal representatives of any person or persons who shall have received all or any part of the purchase money arising from such sale of the said houses, buildings, lands,

tenements.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126. 457

tenements, hereditaments, and premises, aforesaid; and that, in every such case, the respective plaintiffs, on proof of such title as would have enabled them to recover such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any part thereof, or any estate or interest in the same, shall recover the said purchase money, or so much thereof as shall be equivalent to their interest in the said premises, together with such interest as shall be equivalent to the mesne profits of the premises which they would have been entitled to recover in case this act had not been made.

XXV71. And be it further enacted, That every tenant at wilI; _Tenants at^ or lessee for a year, or any other perfoivor persons in possession of (jJ]jver poflef-nny such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and floll on gx premises, or any part thereof, which shall be purchased by virtue months no-of and for the purposes of this act, and who shall have no greater hoe. interest in the premises than as tenant at will, or as lessee lor a year, or from year to year, shall deliver up the possession of such premises to the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, or to such person or persons as the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said city, in common council assembled, shall appoint to take possession of the same, upon having six calendar months notice to quit such possession from the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the said city, in common council assembled, or the person or persons so authorised by them; and such person or persons in possession shall, at the end of the said six calendar months, or so soon after as he or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly, deliver up the possession of the said premises, to the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, or the person or persons authorised by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, to take possession thereof; and that, in case any such person or persons so in possession as aforesaid, shall refuse to give such possession as aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said court of mayor and aldermen to issue their precept or precepts to the sheriffs of the said city of London, or the sheriff of the said county of Middlesex, as the case shall require, to deliver possession of the premises to such person or persons as shall in such precept or precepts be nominated to receive the same; and the said sheriffs or sheriff are hereby required to deliver such possession accordingly of the said premises, and to levy such costs as shall accrue from the issuing and execution of such precept or precepts on the person or persons so refusing to give possession as aforesaid, by distress and sale of his, her, or their goods.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every person Mortgagees, and persons, who shall have any mortgage or mortgages, on such ^nd

houses, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, not being interest*to in possession thereof by virtue of such mortgage or mortgages, convey, shall, on the tender of the principal money and interest due thereon, together with the amount of six calendar months interest on the said principal money, by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, or by such person

or

4 53

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126. [1795.

or persons as they shall appoint, immediately convey, assign, and transfer, such mortgage or mortgages, to the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, or to such person or persons as the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, shall appoint; or, in case' such mortgagee or mortgagees shall have notice in writing, from the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, or lucn person or persons as they shall appoint, that they will pay off and discharge the principal money and interest which shall be due on the said mortgage or mortgages, at the end or expiration of six calendar months, to be computed from the clay of giving such notice, that then, at the end of the said six calendar months, on payment of the principal and interest so due, such mortgagee or mortgagees shall convey, assign, and transfer, his, her, or their interest in the premises to the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or such person or persons as shall be appointed in trull: for them and in case such mortgagee or mortgagees shall refuse to convey and assign as aforesaid, on such tender or payment, that then all interest on every such mortgage shall from thenceforth cease and determine.

n XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon payment of the principal money and interest due on any mortgage as aforesaid into the bank, at the end of six calendar months from the day of giving such notice as aforesaid, for the use of the mortgagee or mortgagees, the cashier or cashiers of the bank shall give a receipt or receipts for the said money, in like manner as is here-in-before directed in cases of other payments into the bank; and thereupon all the estate, right, title, interest, use, trust, property, claim, and demand, of the said mortgagee or mortgagees, and of all and every person or persons in trust for him, her, or them, shall vest in the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual possession of the premises comprised in such mortgage or mortgages to all intents and purpefes whatsoever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all sums of money, or other consideranon, recompence, or satisfaction, to be paid or made pursuant to any such agreement or verdict as aforesaid, or in discharge of any such mortgage, shall be paid or tendered to the party or parties entitled to the same, or paid into the bank of England as aforesaid, before the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, or any perform or persons authorised by them, shall proceed to pull down any house or houses, or other erections or buildings, comprised in or affected by such agreement, verdict, or mortgage, respectively, or to use the ground for any of the purposes of this act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said court of mayor and aldermen, and the said justices respectively, shall have power, from time to time, to impose any reasonable fine, not exceeding

neirls, for'not ^um ten Poun<^s) on such sheriffs or sheriff, or high bailiff of

attending, &c. Westminster, or their or his deputy or deputies, bailiffs or agents, respectively, making default in the premises, and on any of the

persons,

On refusal, interest to cease

Upon payment of principal and interest into the bank.

pTemifes to vest in the city.'

Monies to be paid or tendered before any use made of the premises.

Court of aldermen may fine sheriffs,

459

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126.

persons who shall be summoned and returned on any such jury or juries as shall not appear, or as shall refuse to be sworn on the said jury or juries, or being so sworn, shall not give his or their verdict, and also on any person or persons who shall be sum-rnoned to give evidence touching any of the matters aforesaid, and shall not attend, or shall refuse to be sworn, or to affirm, or who shall refuse to give his, her, or th.eir evidence, and on any other person or persons who shall in any other manner wilfully neglect his, her, or their duty, in the premises, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and from time to time to levy such fine or fines by order of the said court of mayor and aldermen, or julrices respectively, by distress and sale of the offender's goods, together with the reasonable charges of every such distress and sale, returning the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners; and that a copy of the order of the said court of mayor and aldermen, signed by the town clerk of the said city for the time being, or a copy of the order of the said jufrices, signed by the clerk of the peace of the said county of Middlesexfor the time being, shall respectively be sufficient authority to the person or persons therein to be appointed, and to every other person acting or aiding and assisting the rein, to make such distress and sale; and all such fines shall be paid to the chamberlain of the said city for the time being, to be applied to the purposes of this act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be u^i°em lawful to and for the, said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in powered to common council assembled, to let, fell, or dispose of, or cause to let, fell, &c. be let, fold, or disposed of, all or any of the houses and buildings any ground to be erected and built as before mentioned, and their appurtenances, (except the said parish church and church yard), a°d p^Ves of Thfs also all or any part or parts of such land or ground so to be pur- act, chafed as aforesaid, as may not be necessary to be laid into any of the said intended streets, ways, or passages, to such person or persons as shall be willing to contract, agree for, rent, or purchase the same.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said mayor, al- and toufeor dermen, and commons, in common council assembled, shall and mate*

may use, or cause to be used, such of the materials of the said*parish church, or of any part thereof, as shall ntft be applied in rebuilding the same, and also all or any part of the old materials of houses and other buildings to be taken down, removed, or altered respectively, pursuant to this act, in or about the making and finishing of the aforesaid new buildings and other improvements, or any of them; or the same materials, or any part thereof, shall and may fell, or cause to be sold, as they shall think fit.

XXXIII. And whereas, for the greater regularity or beauty of the said intended freets, ways^ or passages, to be made in pursuance of this act^ it may be proper to build houses, or parts of houses, on some parts of the present Jh-eets, ways, or passages, intended to be altered or stopped up by virtue of this act \ be it therefore further enacted.

That

and to grant licences for building on part of the iTreets, &c.

Monies arising by Tales ox licences to be appropriated to the purposes of the

For securing

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126. [1795.

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, for and in consideration of such sum or {urns of money, or yearly rent or rents, as they shall think reasonable, to grant unto the owner or owners of the freehold and inheritance of the house or houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, next adjoining in front to the said ground to be purchased, licence or licences, under the common seal of the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city of London, to build upon, and inclose so much of the ground and foil, in the front of the said respective house or houses, buildings, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as they shall judge fit and proper to be built upon for the purposes of this act; and the ground and foil, so built upon in pursuance of such licence or licences, shall for ever, or for or during the time or term to be expressed in such licence or licences, and subject to the conditions therein to be contained, be annexed to the adjoining freehold; any law, uffge, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all rents, and other sum and sums of money, to arise by the sale or letting of the houses, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, so to be let or fold, or by sale of such of the materials of the said parrfh church as shall not be used in rebuilding the same, or by sale of the materials of houses and buildings to be purchased and pulled down, and all monies to arise from such licences as aforesaid, shall be applied, and the same are hereby appropriated, to the purposes of this act, and to no other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever.

XXXV. And whereas, by pulling down such houses and buildings, and parts of houses and buildings, as may be necessary far the purposes aforesaid., and laying the ground or foil thereof into the said improved

Jlreefs, ways, or passages, the number of householders and of inhabitants of the said parish of Saint Clement Danes may be diminished, and thereby the income of the rest or of the said parish church for the time being may be lessened, unless same provision for indemnifying him shall be made by this act; and the rest or and vicar of the parish church of Saint Sepulchre aforesaid may be deprived of his or their remedy for recovering the tithes, or yearly sums of money or customary payments in lieu of tithes^ now charged on such houses or buildings in the fame-parish^ as may be necessary to be so pulled down, unless some provision be made by this act for the future payment of the same; be it therefore enacted, That, for indemnifying the rector of the said parish

the tithes, &c. church of Saint Clement Danes, and his successors, against such

of nremifes

of premises taken down

loss as aforesaid, a perpetual annual sum of fifteen pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, shall be charged upon and issuing out of such ground, in the said parish of Saint Clemeni Danes, as by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, shall be let or sold to be built upon in pursuance of this act, and upon, and out of such houses, buildings, and tenements, as shall be built or Handing thereon, or the same annual sum of fifteen pounds shall be charged upon and issuing out off

fuefct

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126.

such parcel or parcels only of the same ground, houses, buildings, and tenements, and in such shares and proportions, or according to such appointment, among such respective parcels as the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, shall at the time or times of letting or felling such parcels of ground respectively, think fit and direct; and as the same shall be accordingly charged upon such parcels of ground, houses, buildings, and tenements, respectively, by any deed or deeds, writing or writings, under the common seal of the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city of London; and the same annual sum so to be apportioned and charged as aforesaid, shall from time to time thenafter be payable to the rector of the same parish church of Saint Clement Danes, and his successors for the time being, for ever, in such manner, and the same, or the respective proportions thereof, shall commence from such time or respective times, as are herein after mentioned, and to be paid clear of all taxes and deductions whatsoever: and for securing to the rector and vicar of the said parish church of Saint Sepulchre the payment of such tithes, or yearly sums of money or customary payments in lieu of tithes, as aforesaid, now charged on such houses and buildings in that parish as shall be pulled down in pursuance of this act: be it also enacted, That the tithes, or yearly Turns of money or customary payments in lieu of tithes, charged respectively on such messuages, buildings, or tenements, and such part or parts of messuages, buildings or tenements, in the said parish of Saint Sepulchre, as shall be pulled down under the authority of this act, and all arrears and growing payments thereof, or annual sum or annual Turns of money, equal to the loss which the rector and vicar of the said parish church of Saint Sepulchre may sustain by the execution of this act, shall be charged upon and issuing out of such ground in that parish, as by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, shall be let or fold, to be built upon, in pursuance of this act, and upon and out of such houses, buildings, and tenements, as shall be built or {landing thereon; or the same tithes, or customary payments or annual sum or Turns in lieu of tithes, shall be charged upon, and issuing out of such parts or parcels only of the same ground, houses, buildings, and tenements, and in such shares or proportions, or according to such appointment, among such respective pareels, as the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, shall, at the time or times of letting or felling such parcels of ground, respectively direct, and as the same shall be accordingly charged upon such parcels of ground, houses, buildings, and tenements, respectively, by any deed or deeds, writing or writings, under the common Teal of the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the said city of London*, and the same annual sum, so to be apportioned and charged as aforesaid, shall from time to time thenafter be payable to the reftor and vicar of the same lad mentioned parish church, and his and their successors for the time being, for ever, in such manner, and the same or the respective proportions thereof shall

commence

Power of recovery of annual sums in lieu of tithes.

Annual sums in lieu of tithes how to be paid.

Compen fation for loss of taxes and rates-

commence from such time or respective times as are herein after mentioned; all which said annual sums in lieu of loss, as aforesaid, to the said rector of Saint Clement, or tithes to the said rector and vicar of Saint Sepulchre, shall be paid and payable, clear of all taxes and deductions, at the four most usual quarterly feasts or days of payment in every year, that is to say, the annunciation of the blessed virgin Mary, the nativity of faint John the baptist* faint Michael the archangel, and the nativity of our blessed Saviour, by equal payments in every year; the first payment thereof respectively to be made on such of the said feast days as shall firfb and next happen after the pulling down of any such houses, buildings, or tenements, or any part or parts thereof, in the said panflies of Saint Clement and Saint Sepulchre respectively, for the purposes aforesaid, together with all arrears.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That as well the rector of the said parish church of Saint Clement Danes and his successors, as the rector and vicar of the said parish church of Saint Sepulchrey and his and their successor and successors, shall for ever have and enjoy such and the like powers, authorities, and remedies, for recovering and receiving the said annual sums hereby provided for them respectively, of and from the respective owners or occupiers of the houses, buildings, or tenements, which shall be so charged therewith, or with certain parts or proportions thereof, according to the true meaning of this act, as the rector and vicar of the said parish church of Saint Sepulchre, or either of them, now have or hath, for recovering and receiving the tithes, or yearly sums or customary payments in lieu of tithes, charged on, or payable in respect of, houses, buildings, and other hereditaments, in that parish: provided nevertheless, that nothing in this act shall be construed to extend to vary or alter the rights of the said rector of the said parish of Saint Cle?nent Danes, or the said rector and vicar of the said parish of Saint Sepulchre, within the lame parishes respectively, or to subject the inhabitants thereof to any other claims or demands of the said rector, or rector and vicar, than they respectively were heretofore lawfully subjected unto.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, in the mean time, after the said annual sums in lieu of tithes shall respectively commence and become payable, and until the houses, buildings and tenements, to be charged therewith, shall be inhabited or actually occupied respectively, the lame annual sums shall be duly paid and discharged from and out of the money to be raised by virtue of this act.

XXXVIII. And whereas, by reason of pulling down the houses,' and making the alterations, in pursuance of this a ft) there may be de-fciencies in the produce of the land tax, and paving, clean fmgi lighting, and poors rates, within the said parish of Saint Clement Danes, and the said parish of Saint Sepulchre in the city of London; be it further enacted, That the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, shall, from and after the passing of this act, for and during the term of ten years, or such other {barter time within which the said several works and improvements

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126. 463

shall or may be completed and finished, be subject and liable to make good to the said parish of Saint Clement Danes^ within the city and liberty of Westminster^ and to the liberty of the duchy of Lancaster, and to the said parish of Saint Sepulchre, respectively, all such sum or sums of money, which, during such term, shall be deficient, in respect of the produce of the assessments for land tax, and paving, cleansing, and lighting, and poors rates, within the said several parishes respectively, by reason or means of the alterations arising from carrying this a£T into execution, within the said respective districts, according to the produce of such several rates and assessments respectively, in such respective districts, from Lady-day one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, to Lady-day one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and shall pay the same accordingly to the several collectors of the said tax and rates: provided always, that when and so soon as after this act shall be carried into execution, the produce or payments, for and in respect of the several assessments for land tax, and paving, cleansing, and lighting, and poors rates, or any of them, of and for all the new or other houses and buildings, and other tenements and hereditaments, whatsoever, which shall then respectively abut or adjoin upon, or have communication by a private passage with either the north side of the said intended new street, way, or passage, from the north-east corner of JVych Street to Temple Bar, or the west end of Saint Clements church yard from JVych Street to the Strand, or the south side of the Strand from Arundel Street to Temple Bar, or the said intended new street or passage from the bottom of Holborn Hill to the east end of Snow Hilly and of and for all and Angular such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments whatsoever, as shall then be standing upon, or part of the land and other hereditaments in the said parishes of Saint Clement Danes and Saint Sepulchre respectively, which shall be purchased in execution of this a cl, shall raise a larger sum of money at the same rat z per pound than the sum raised by the assessments from Lady-day one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four to Lady-day one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, of and for the several houses, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, now respectively abutting or adjoining upon, or having communication by a private passage with, Butcher Rouy the street called The Back of Saint Clements, Saint Cle?nends church yard, and the north and south Tides of so much of the Strand as extends between Arundel Street and Temple Bar, and of and for all and Angular such houses, buildings, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, whatsoever, now situate in the said parishes ol Saint Clement Danes and Saint Sepulchre respectively, as shall be purchased in execution of this act; that then the surplus shall, in the first place, be applied and paid to the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, towards re-imbursing them what they shall have paid for or in respect of the aforesaid deficiencies in the assessments for land tax, and paving, cleansing, and lighting, and poors rates, respectively j and so, from time to time, whea and as often as there

shall

464 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126. [1795.

shall be any surplus, until the said mayor, aldermen, and common', in common council assembled, shall be wholly re-imbursed and repaid all monies which they shall have disbursed to make good such deficiencies.

Compensation

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That, until the said past element ri^ church of Saint Clement Danes shall be rebuilt, and rendered Danes and completely fit for the performance of divine service therein, the other officers said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council afiem-of the said bled, shall pay and allow, out of the fund to be raised by virtue church of t^js a(c^ ancj recompence to the re£tor, clerk, sexton,

and organist, attending the said church, all such deficiency as they can make appear to the Committee, to be appointed by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, they have sustained in the receipt of pew rent, dues, and fees, yearly and every year, from the time of taking down the said church until the same shall so be rebuilt as aforesaid; the computation of such deficiency to be made upon the average for the seven years preceding the taking down the said church.

XL. And whereas the whole of the north side of the flreeis, or places, called The Strand, Butcher Row, and The Back of Saint Clement's, from Temple Bar to the eaf end of VLyah Street, lie within that part of the pariflo of Saint Clement Danes which is within the city of Westminster and the liberties thereof; and whereas the south side of the said freet, or place, called The Butcher Row and Back of Saint Clement's to Holywell Street, lie within that part of the said parish of Saint Clement Danes which is within the liberty of the dnchy of Lancaster in the Strand, in the county fl/' Middlesex: and whereas it may happen, according to the*proposed line of building, that a part of the north side of the new intended freet may be built on that part of the said parish of Saint For a nor Clement Danes which lies within the said liberty of the duchy of honing the Lancaster; be it therefore enacted, That so many of the houses, land t.-iX or other buildings, as shall, according to such line, be built and between the front on that part of the said parish of Saint Clement Danes in the smd^ch^ liberty of the duchy of Lancaster, as also the back part thereof liberties. lying within the said parish of Saint Clement Danes Within the liberty of Westminster, shall be deemed to be within the said liberty of the duchy of Lancaster, for all and every the purposes of future assessments or payments to the land tax, or in any manner relating the reto: provided always, that, out of the sum or sums of money so to be aftefted for houses or other buildings within the said intended new street, by reason of the fronts of the same being brought within the said liberty of the duchy of Lancasterj the collector of the land tax for the said liberty do and shall, out of the monies to be raised by such assessments yearly, pay, or cause to be paid, to the collector or collectors of the land tax for the said parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the city and liberty of TVe[lmirfe?\ such sum or sums of money as the houses or other buildings, now situate on the north side of the said Butcher Row, (which may, by such alteration of the line of building, become the back or part of any such intended house, or other building),

were

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126.' 465

were subject and liable to pay, and did pay, to the said parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the liberty of Westminster, for the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, according to a four shilling aid for the land tax, and so in proportion, yearly, according to any other aid or assessment which shall in future be made for land tax.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That, in all cases where the For preserving said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council af-mar^ ot sembled* shall ered^ build, or cause to be erected or built, any^Jf^he^ house or building upon the boundary line of the said liberty of duchy lithe duchy of Lancaster, the said mayor} aldermen, and commons, berty. in compnon council assembled, shall cause to be made, and preserved, marks of the boundary line of the said liberty, and shall notify the said marks, in writing, to the fte.ward of the said liberty, to be inrolled in the court books of the said liberty.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in po^ere/to" common council assembled, from time to time, to appoint one appoint com* or more committee or committees, to manage and transact all or mittees. any of the matters or purposes which they the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, are hereby authorised and required to do, execute, or perform; which committee or committees, so to be appointed, shall have such or so much of the powers and authorities by this act given to the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, as the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, shall think fit or proper to delegate to such committee or committees.

XLIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That Persons inte-if any person, being a member of any such committee, shall be rible^onof ch* directyor indlredly interested, or concerned, in any contract committees* which shall be made or entered into by or on behalf of such committee, for or concerning any of the works to be performed or done in pursuance of this act, or for or concerning any materials*to be used or employed therein, every such contract shall be void; and the person, who, being a member of such committee, shall be so interested or concerned, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds to any person or persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster^ by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, to be commenced within six calendar months next after the offence committed; in which action or suit respectively, no protection, essoin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the committee or Persons not committees so to be appointed shall and may, and they are here-by authorised and.empowered, from time to time, to employ any employed by fit person or persons, whether free of the said city or not, in or committees, about any of the works, matters, or things, which they shall cause to be performed or done by virtue or in pursuance "of this act; and to contract for the doing and performance of such Vol, XL. Hh. works,

466 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126. [1795.

works, matters, and things, or any of them, with any person or persons, in such manner as the said committee or committees shall think fit 5 and that no person or persons, who shall be so employed or contracted with, in, about, or for, any of the purposes of this act, nor any person or persons to be set to work by or under them, or any of them, shall, for any a# done, or to be done, in or about the premises, be subject or liable to any action, indictment, or information, upon the statute made in the fifth year of her late majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act containing divers orders for artificers, labourers, servants of husbandry, and apprentices, or be liable to be sued for any breach of the custom of London, or for any penalty inflicted by any bye-law of the said city.

vdn^notice1*

CLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, of contracts, previous to the making of any such contract, notice shall be given, in some of the daily newspapers, that such committee intend to make such contract; and that all persons willing to engage therein may make proposals to the said committee at a certain time and place in every such notice to be specified; and all contracts, made or to be made in consequence of such notice, shall specify the several works to be done, and the price or prices to be paid for the same, and the time or times when the said works are to be completed, together with the penalties to be incurred in case of the non-performance thereof; and the same shall be signed by the clerk for the time being of such committee, as also by the person or persons contracting to perform such works respectively, and shall be entered in a book or books, to be kept for that purpose by such commitee.

XLVI. And whereas an act was made in the fifth and sixth years Recital ofan 0j re[gn of King William and Queen Mary, intituled., An act William & ^or re^ie^ of the orphans and other creditors of the city of London, Marvj forraif- whereby a fund was established for the purposes therein mentioned.\ ing the or- which said fund, and the receipts and disbursements thereof are under

phans tund.^management and direction of the court of mayor and aldermen of the said city of London: and whereas, by several atts, made in the twenty-fir [I and twenty-ninth years of King George the Second., and in the seventh and eighteenth years of his present Majesty, or by some of them, the several provisions for supporting the said fund have been continued and augmented, and further sums of money charged thereon, for defraying the expences of several publick works: and whereas the income of the said fund has for several years pafl so much increased as to afford a reasonable probability that, if the said may or, alderynen, and commons, in common council assembled, were enabled to raise the sum of one hwidred thousand pounds to be applied for the purposes of this att, upon the credit of the JurpluJfes to arise from the said fund, such surplusses will be sufficient to pay off'such further charge as well as the whole of the debt and sums of money already charged thereon, within the time for which the said fund is continued by the att of the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, without the future aid of the said annual sum of two thousand

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126. 467

fatid pounds, raised upon the personal eJiaUs of the several inhabitants of the said city and liberties in pursuance of the said acts: be it therefore further enacted, That the payment of the said annual sum The annual of two thousand pounds, annually raised upon the personal estates sum of 2000l. of the several inhabitants of the said city of London and the liberties thereof, towards the said fund called The Orphans Fund, of the inhabi-and all powers, authorities, and remedies, for recovering and re- tantsofLon-ceiving the same, shall, from and after the twenty-fourth day of don to cease. June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, cease and determine; and such annual sum, or any part thereof, shall no longer be paid or payable; and the residue or surplus only of the said fund shall from thenceforth be deemed and called The Orphans Fund; any thing in the said acts, herein-before mentioned or referred to, or any of them, or in this present act contained, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: and that it shall Common and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, and they are hereby raise a further authorised and empowered, at any time or times from and after sum upon the the passing of this act, to borrow and raise, by annuities or other- credit of the wife, the sum of one hundred thousand pounds upon the credit fj^ans of the said fund, (over and above the several sums of money heretofore charged, and now remaining due thereon), the said monies to be paid into the receipt of the chamber of the said city of London by such instalments, in such proportions, and at such times, as the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, shall direct; and the persons who shall Contributors contract to advance or contribue any part of the said monies shall, to he entitled in respect of the sums which they shall so respectively advance, annuftier13^ be entitled to annuities, at such rates of interest as the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, shall think reasonable, to commence from such time or times as shall be agreed upon, to be payable half-yearly, and to continue, until redemption thereof by payments of each respective principal sum; and that no part of the monies so to be lent or advanced, nor any of the said annuities so to take place in respect thereof, shall be rated or assessed to any tax or assessment whatsoever.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the said mayor, Common

aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, shall c?un^ to 7 7 p 7 efive bonds

cause a bond or note, or other security in writing, under the for fuc^ an_

common seal of the said city, to be delivered to every person ad- nuities, af-

vancing any part of the said monies, for the payment of such an- signable by

nuities, in respect thereof, until redeemed as is herein after men- indorsement.

tioned; which bonds, notes, or other securities, shall be assignable by indorsement.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said fund called charged The Orphans Fund shall be, and the same is hereby charged and with such^made chargeable with the annuities which shall be payable in annuities, respect of the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds to be borrowed and raised under or by virtue of this act, subject neverthe-iefs, and without prejudice, to the payment of the interest on the principal debts remaining due to the orphans and other creditors

h h 2 of

Surpluses of the said fund how to be applied*

468 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126. [1795.

of the said city; and also the several annuities which are or shall be payable in respe£f of the several principal sums borrowed and raised upon the credit of the said fund by the several acts of parliament herein-before mentioned or referred to.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That, out of the future surplusses of the said fund, so created, continued, and augmented as aforesaid (after reserving so much money as shall be sufficient to satisfy the interest due, and which shall at any time be due, to the orphans and other creditors of the said city, as also to satisfy the interest due, and which shall at any time be due, on the several other principal sums borrowed and raised by or under the said several acts of parliament herein-before mentioned or referred to), the said annuities, in respect of the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds to be borrowed and raised under and by virtue of this act, shall be paid from time to time as the same shall grow due, before any part of such surplusses shall be otherwise applied, as by the said act of the seventh year of his present Majesty is directed; and that the residue of such surplusses, after such payments as by the said several acts are directed to be made out of the same shall be paid and satisfied, shall, from time to time, by order of the court of mayor and aldermen of the said city of London, (which order the said court are hereby authorised and directed to make), be, by the chamberlain of the said city for the time being, applied towards the redemption of all and singular the annuities to be payable in respect of the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds, in such order as the said court of mayor and aldermen shall think fit.

i^dem^tion Provided always, and be further enacted, That the said

and tender of court of mayor and aldermen, shall give, or cause to be given, the money, six calendar months notice of their intention to pay off such an-annuities to nuities, to be granted in respect of the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds to the person or persons to whom the same shall respectively belong; at the end of which six calendar months, upon payment or tender of the respective sums for which such' annuities shall have been granted to or for the person or persons then- entitled thereto, at the office of the chamberlain of the said city for the time being, in the Guildhall of the same city, the annuity and annuities payable to such person or persons respectively, shall cease and determine; nevertheless the monies so tendered shall be paid to such person or persons, upon his, her, or their demand^and giving a discharge for the same.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the to be paid out furpiufls of the said ffund, charged with the annuities which shall her d Lon-" be payable in respect of the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds, shall at any time or times hereafter prove inefficient to pay off and discharge the same, then, and in every such case, and so often as the same shall happen, the sum, which shall be wanting to complete the payment and discharge of such annuities, shall be advanced and paid out of the chamber of the said city, and be made good and supplied out of the future surplusses of the said fund.

cease;

but the principal to be still payable.

Deficiencies

don.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126. 469

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said sum of one hun- The money dred'thousand pounds, so to be raised and borrowed as aforesaid, shall be applied for or towards the purposes of this act; and that oniy for the no part thereof shall be applicable, or applied, to or for any other purposes of use, intent, or purpose whatsoever; and, if any surplus shall re- this anc* main of the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds over and ^QabJa1UrlieldS, above what shall be applied to the purposes aforesaid, such fur- to T'ncrease plus shall be applied and appropriated for or towards the increase the fund, of the said orphans fund.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the chamberlain of the Securities to said city for the time being shall enter in a book, or books, to J^erec*n be kept for that purpose, all securiries for monies borrowed, or annuities granted, in pursuance of this act, and all alignments and transfers thereof, expressling in words at length the names, surnames, additions, places of abode, and other descriptions, of all such persons as shall from time to time be entitled to such securities, and the sums received upon such securities, and the days whereon the said annuities respectively shall be, payable; to which book and books all and every person and persons. entitled to or interested in such annuities, shall at all seasonable times* in the day-time, have aceels, with free liberty to inspect the same, without fee or reward.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That, from time to time, Chamberlain there shall also be provided and kept, by the chamberlain of the to keep ac-said city for the time being, one or more book or books, in which cept^and* all the monies which, by virtue of this act, shall be raised or disburse-borrowed upon the credit of the said fund, shall from time to ments. time, as the same shall be received, be entered and set down, and wherein also all the monies to be paid and disbursed out of the monies to be received shall from time to time be entered and set down; and such entry shall express the time when, the qccafions for which, and the names of the persons to whom, the same shall be so paid.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Common and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, aldermen, and com- C°^red to* mons, in common council assembled, or such committee or com- appoint ofii-mittees as shall or may be appointed as herein-before is directed, cers, and they are hereby authorised and empowered respectively, from time to time, to nominate and appoint such and so many clerks and other officers under them, as shall be necessary to be employed in or about the execution of all or any of the purposes aforesaict; and out of the said monies to be raised by virtue and ^emfSai*ies in pursuance of this act, to make such allowances to the said clerks and officers respectively, for their care and pains in the execution of their respective offices, as they shall think reasonable; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every officer Officers con-and odicers, or other person or persons whomsoever, concerned ^cefV of the or to be concerned in the receipt of the money by this act appro- J^oney to priated to the pijrposes. aforesaid, before he or they shall be per- give security.

B 11 3 mitted

Penalty on officers misapplying any of the fakl monies.

City answerable in case of any misapplication.

Disbursements to be included in the chamberlain's annual accounts.

This ndl: not to affebt any of the city's present creditors.

Improvemets to be carried

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126. [1795.

mitted to take upon him or them the execution of any of the said offices, shall be bound with sufficient sureties to the said mayor and commonalty and citizens for the just and faithful ex-i ecution of such office or employment, in such reasonable sum or sums as by the court of mayor and aldermen of the said city shall be thought fitting, having regard to the trust reposed or to be reposed in such officer or officers.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if any chamberlain of the said city of London, or other officer or person aforesaid, shall, after receipt of any of the monies aforesaid, divert or misapply the same, or any part thereof, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, then such chamberlain, or other officer or person aforesaid, so diverting or misapplying the said money, shall forfeit treble the sum so misapplied, with full costs of suit; which said forfeitures shall be recovered by any of the creditors of the said city claiming under or by virtue of any of the said abls herein-before mentioned, or by the executors, administrators, or assigns, of any of them, who shall sue for the same, by ablion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds, or any part thereof, shall happen to be misapplied or converted to any other use than as aforesaid, by the said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, by the said mayor and commonalty and citizens of London, for the time being, or any of their officers, or any other person or persons, abling under colour of any warrant, power, or authority, by, from, or under them respectively, then, and in such case, the said mayor and commonalty and citizens shall be answerable for the same out of the revenue of the said corporation, in any ablion to be brought by any of the said creditors, their executors, administrators, or assigns; which said sum and sums so recovered, shall be applied to the same uses as the same sums (if not misapplied) should or might have been, except that the costs of suit shall be dedubled and retained thereout in the first place, for the benefit of him, her, or them, so fifing.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That in the annual account, in and by the said act of the seventh year of his present Majesty, directed to be by the chamberlain of the said city of London, for the time being, laid before each house of parliament, as by the last: mentioned abl is directed, shall be included an account of the disbursements of the said sum of one hundred thousand pounds, or of so much thereof as shall then have been raised and borrowed.

LX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to lessen or affebl the security of any of the present creditors of the said mayor and commonalty and citizens, further or otherwise than is herein expressly directed and enabled.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 126. 471

said mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council assembled, shall not, within the space of ten years next after passing en

this act, carry into effect, do, and complete, the several objects y and purposes of this act, within the said j>arish of Saint Clement Danes, which they are authorised to do by virtue of this act within the same parish, that then and in such case this act, and all the powers and authority thereby given shall from thenceforth cease and determine, so far as respcds the said parish of Saint Clement Danes.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the expences of ob- Expences of taining and passing this act, shall and may be paid out of the monies to be raised and received under or by virtue of this act. P 1

LXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all penalties Penalties and and forfeitures by this act imposed, (the manner of recovering forfeitures and levying whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed), ^overecfand shall be recovered and levied by distress and sale of the offenders applied, goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal, or hands and seals, of one or more justice or justices of the peace, of the county, city, or place, where the offence shall be committed, or the offender found; which warrant such justice or justices are hereby empowered and required to grant, upon the confession of the party or parties, or upon information of one or more credible witnessor witnessesupon oath, (which oath such justice or justices isand are hereby empowered to administer), and such penalties and forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the overplus (if any be) upon demand to the party or parties whose goods and chattels shall be distrained and fold, (the charges of such distress and sale being first deduced), shall be paid to the chamberlaini of the said city for the time being, and be applied, one half to the informer, and the other half towards the purposes of this act; and in case sufficient distress shall not be found, then it shall and may. be lawful to and for any such justice or justices to commit such offender to the house of correction, without bail or mainprize, for any space of time not exceeding sixty days.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any distress Distress not to be made for any sum or sums of money to be levied by virtue of unlawful for this act, the distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the want of party or parties making the same be deemed a trespasser or tref- farm, passers, on account of any defect, default, or want of form, in any proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the party or parties be deemed a trespasser or trespassers ab initio, on account of any irregularity which shall be after wards done by the party or parties distraining; but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity may recover full satisfaction for special damage by action on the case,

LXV. And be it further enacted, That no proceedings to be had touching the conviction of any offender or offenders against quashec} this act, or any order made, or any other matter or thing to be want of done or transacted, in or relating to the execution of this act, form.

shall be vacated or quashed for want of form only, or be removed or reoioyyable by Certiorari, or any other writ or proeefs

47£ Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127. [1795.

whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, (except as herein-before is mentioned); any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

2^0°/render*

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the statute made in ing justices of twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King the peace more George the Second, intituled An act for the rendering justices of the safe in the ex- peace more safe in the execution of their office and for indemnifying their office^ex- confla^es an^ others acting in obedience to their warrants, so far as tended to this said relates to rendering justices of the peace more safe in adh the execution of their office, shall extend, and be construed to

extend, to the said mayor, aldermen, and justices, respectively,

aiftionstion °* a^nS un(^er the authority of this add; and no action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance or under colour of this act, until fourteen days notice shall be thereof given in writing to, or afte'r sufficient satisfaction or tender thereof hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, or after six calendar months next after the fadd committed, for which such adHon or actions, suit or suits, shall be so brought; and every such action shall be brought, laid, and tried, in the city or county where the cause of action shall arise and not elsewhere; and that the defendant or defendants in such actions General issue. or suits, and every of them, may plead the general iftiie, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, at any trial or trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the matter or thing, for which such addion or actions, suit or suits, shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if the said matter or thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such addion or suit was brought before fourteen days notice given as aforesaid, and that a sufficient satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such adHon or suit shall not be commenced within the time before for that purpose limited, or shall be laid in any other county or place than as aforesaid, then the jury or juries shall find for the defendant or defendants therein; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in such action or addions, suit or suits, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a discontinuance thereof, or if judgement shall be given for the defendant or defendants therein, then, and in any of the cases Treble costs. aforesaid, such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs in other cases by law.

[Publick act.]

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick add, and all judges, justices, and other persons, are hereby required to take notice thereof as. such, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. CXXVII.

An act for enabling his Majesty to dire ft the issue of exchequer bills to a limited amount^for the purposes, and in the manner therein mentioned.-f-\_]\int 27, 1795.]

Moil

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127. 473

Mod: gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS in consideration of the heavy lojfes which have been fufained in the islands ^/"Grenada and Saint Vincents, in conference of the late insurrections, it is expedient that your Majesty be enabled to dir eft exchequer bills, to the amount of one million five hundred thousand pounds, to be issued to of to be by them advanced, under certain regulations and restrictions, for the assistance and accommodation of fuel? persons connected with or trading to the said islands, as shall be defir ous of receiving the same, on due security being given for the re-payment of the sums so advanced within a time to be limited; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be. it enabled by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be ^1S ^aje % lawful to and for the King's most excellent majesty, by warrant ^J^-^abiryto or warrants under his royal sign manual, to authorise and ern- direct exche-power the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury now or for the quer bills to time being, or any three or more of them, or the lord high trea- be made out surer for the time being, to cause or direct any number of exche- a^rQ^e toc quer bills to be made out at his Majesty's exchequer, containing ^except^a* different sums of one hundred pounds and fifty pounds, in the hereby exfame or like manner, form, and order, and according to the same cepted: or like rules and directions, (except where other directions for making out the same are contained and particularly expressed in this act), as in and by an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, are enacted and preferred concerning the exchequer bills to be taken or made in pursuance of the said act.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the clauses, the powers of provisoes, powers, privileges, advantages, penalties, forfeitures, ^te^dt^this and disabilities, contained in the said recited act, relating to the exchequer bills authorised to be made by the same act, (except as herein after mentioned), shall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be made in pursuance of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same exchequer bills had been originally authorised by the said recited act, or as if the said several clauses or provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said bills to be made Bills to bear out in pursuance of this act, shall and may bear an interest, notlubereft not exceeding the rate of three-pence per centum per diem, upon or in pVr cent, per # respect of the whole of the monies respectively contained therein; diem, and to and that the whole of such bills shall be made payable on the fifth he payable day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six $ and that Jll^r $> 1796* the principal sums contained in such bills, together with such

interest

474 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127. [1795.

interest as aforesaid, to be computed from the day of the date of each such bill, until the time by this appointed for payment thereof, shall be paid off and discharged at the time appointed for the payment thereof.

Reived for* ^rov^e<^ always, and be it further enacted, That no ex-

any^duty, °&c. chequer bill to be made out by virtue of this a£ shall, after the before the day same hath been issued at the exchequer, be afterwards at any appointed for time, before the day on which such exchequer bill is hereby ap« ment^&c pointed to be paid, received or taken by, or pass or be current* with, any receiver or collector in Great Britain of the customs,

excise, or any revenue, supply, aid, or tax whatever, due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any such receiver or collector, or from any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, (otherwise or on any other account than for the discharge and cancelling of such exchequer bill in case the same shall be in due course or order of payment), before the said day hereby appointed for payment thereof, nor shall any such receiver or collector exchange, at any time before the said day of payment thereof, for any money of such revenues, aids, taxes, or Supplies, in his hands, any exchequer bill which shall have been issued as aforesaid by virtue of this act; nor shall any action be maintained against any such receiver or collector for neglecting or refusing to exchange any such exchequer bill for ready money before the said day of payment thereof; any thing in the said last mentioned act, or this act, contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

Commission- V. And be it further enacted, That the honourable Henry ers appointed. JJ0fcart^ the right honourable Charles Townshend, sir William Pulteney baronet, fir "John Sinclair baronet, fir Grey Cooper baronet, fir Francis Baring baronet; Richard Muilman French Chifwelly John William Andersony William Curtis, Charles Grant, Joseph Nutty Robert Hunter, Thomas Plomer, Gabriel Tucker Steward^ and Benjamin Savage^ esquires, shall be, and are hereby constituted comm iff oners for advancing and lending to any person or persons connected with or trading to the said islands of Grenada and Saint Vincents^ or either of them, upon the securities and under the terms and conditions, and subject to the regulations herein mentioned, the exchequer bills to be made out in pursuance of this ac, and the said of are hereby respectively required to execute the powers and authorities given to them by this act, without any fee, reward, emolument, or gratuity whatever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That any two of the said commissioners in this act named, before they enter upon the execution of the same, shall take an oath before the chancellor of the exchequer, or the master of the rolls, for the time being, which they, or either of them, are and is hereby authorised and re-f quirired to admipilter, the tenqt whereof shall be as followeth^that is to say,

a. b.

Commissioners to take the following

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127. 475

I A.B. do swear that I will faithfully and impartially execute the oath.

several powers and trnfs vejled in me by an act^ intituled, [here set forth the title of the act], according to the tenor and purport of the said act.

And every other of the said of in this act named shall likewise take the same oath before the said two of, who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same, after they shall themselves have taken the said oath as, aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said of Commission-appointed by this act shall have power to meet and fit from time ^1S

to time in such place or places as they shall find most convenient, c^fgj allow fa* with or without adjournment; and they shall and may appoint iaries, admi*? and employ a secretary, and so many clerks, brokers, messengers, lifter oaths, and officers, as they shall think meet, and allow to such secretary, &c* clerks, brokers, messengers, and officers, with the consent and approbation of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, in writing under their hands, such reasonable salaries as the said of, appointed by this act, shall think meet; and shall and may employ a solicitor, and allow to such solicitor such salary or reward as the said of shall think reasonable for his care and labour; and shall and may give and administer to such solicitor, secretary, clerks, brokers, and officers, respectively, an oath, for their faithful demeanor in all things relating to the due performance of the trulls reposed in them by the said of, and in all other things touching the premises, and from time to time at their discretion, dismiss and discharge such solicitor, secretary, clerks, brokers, messengers, and other officers, and appoint others in their place; and the said solicitor, secretary, clerks, brokers, and other officers, are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the said trulls in them severally and respectively reposed, without taking any thing for such service, ether than such salaries or rewards as the said of shall direct and appoint in manner aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Commissiort-. lawful to and for the said of, or any three or more of ers.may ex-them, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to examine o^h part?es upon oath or affirmation, (which oath or affirmation they, or any willing to be one or more of them, are and is hereby authorised to administer), examined, and all persons who shall be willing to be examined touching all such

matters and things as shall be necessary for the execution of the ^ef0!re magjf. powers vested in the said of by this act, and also to trates. receive any affidavits or depositions in writing, upon oath or affirmation, touching such matters or things as aforesaid, which shall he made before any justice of the peace of any county or shire, or any magistrate of any borough or town corporate in Great Britain or Ireland, where or near to which the person making such affidavit or deposition shall re side, and certified and

transmitted.

476 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127. [1795.

transmitted to the said of appointed by this act, under the hand and seal of such justice or magistrate (which oath or affirmation every such justice or magistrate shall be and is hereby authorised and empowered to admiriifter); provided that in every such affidavit or deposition there shall be expressed the addition of the party making such affidavit or deposition, and the particular place of his or her abode.

Treasury to

IX. And be it further enacted, That the lords of

for^drfravine t^le treasury> or lord high treasurer for the time being, are

the charges of hereby respectively authorised and required to issue, and cause to executing this be advanced, all such sums of money to such person or persons, ad, of which {n such manner and in such proportions as the said of h^alTbe^aid appointed by this act shall, by writing under their hands, from before par- time to time desire, out of the consolidated fund, to be replaced

liament. in the manner herein after mentioned; which sums, so to be issued and advanced, shall be employed for the payment of allowances, and in defraying all other necessary charges and expences in or about the execution of this act, without other account than

ersons giving false evidence to be subject to the penalties for perjury.

Commissioners to meet to receive, or appoint a person to receive, applications for the loan of exchequer bills, and to certify the amount immediately wanted to the treasury, who shall direct their issue.

before the lords of of his Majesty's treasury; and which money so to be issued shall not be subject to any tax, duty, rate, or assessment whatsoever, imposed by authority of parliament; but that an account of the said charges and expences shall be laid before both houses of parliament within two months after the expiration of the commission, if parliament shall be then fitting, and if parliament shall not be fitting, then within fourteen days after the commencement of the then next session of parliament,

X. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons, upon examination upon oath or affirmation before the said of respectively, or if any person or persons making any such affidavit or deposition as before mentioned shall wilfully and corruptly give false evidence, or (ha-11, in such affidavit or deposition, wilfully and corruptly swear, affirm, or aliege, any matter or thing which shall be false or untrue, every such person or persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be, subject and liable to such pains and penalties as, by any law now in being, persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

XI. And be it further enacted, That on the day next after this act shall have received the royal afsent, the said of who shall have taken the said oath as aforesaid, shall meet to receive or to appoint a proper person for receiving all such applications in writing as shall be made to them from any person or persons connected with or trading to the said islands, or either of them, for the loan and advance of money by exchequer bills as aforesaid, and shall also then fix and appoint a day, not later than the fourth day from their first meeting as aforesaid, for taking into their consideration all such applications, and shall meet together for that purpose, and shall proceed with all convenient dispatch to ascertain the amount of the sums in exchequer bills \vhich in their judgement will be immediately requisite to be advanced

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127. 477

vanced under this act in pursuance of applications then delivered, and shall forthwith certify such amount to the lords of of the treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, by one or more certificate or certificates under the hands and seals of the said of; and the said lords of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, shall, on receipt of such certificate or certificates, diretft the proper officer or officers at the said exchequer to deliver out exchequer bills, in the manner and under the regulations herein after mentioned.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said of Commission-

appointed by this act shall, and they are hereby required, before ers° cjafs any apportionment of such exchequer bills shall be made, to causeaJ^ establish all the applications then delivered to be clafied according to the regulations for amount of the sums respectively applied for, and the nature of apportioning the securities tendered, and the circumstances, situation, and connections, of the parties applying, as far as the same shall appear

upon the said applications, and thereupon to draw up and establish such general rules and regulations for their own government in the apportioning and distributing the sums to be advanced and lent in exchequer bills under this act to the several persons applying for the same, as they in their dii'cretion shall deem equitable and just; all which rules and regulations shall, within a convenient time, be entered in a book or books to be prepared and kept by such of for that purpose; and the said of appointed by this act according to the true purport and meaning of such general rules and regulations as aforesaid, shall proceed to take into their consideration all such applications, which shall specify the particulars of the sums required to be advanced as aforesaid, not being in any case less than the sum of two thousand pounds, and which shall tender any security which the said of are authorised by this act to take for the payment of the sums to be advanced, and which shall also specify the nature and amount thereof, and from time to time, on enquiry into the same respectively, shall determine what persons shall ail their judgement be entitled to any part of the exchequer bills to be advanced orient under this act, and to what amount, and shall ascertain the nature and amount of the securities to be required from them for the same respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said of Commission-

appointed by this acct shall deliver to all persons to whom any ofers £ive the said exchequer bills shall be apportioned as aforesaid by the said the^moun^of of, a certificate or certificates under the hands and bills appor-seals of two or more of such of, specifying the amount tioned, which of the sums to be advanced and lent, to be respectively numbered a^v.ar*

and marked in the course and order in which the same shall be eir

delivered, which certificate or certificates being deposited with the proper officer or officers, shall be a sufficient authority without other warrant to such officer or officers, to deliver such exchequer bills to the like amount and value as shall be described in and by such certificate or certificates of such of;

and

date when issued.

Commissioners may alter regulations.

Commission-

cations from time to time, and the treasury may direct further bills to be issued, &c.

478 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127.

[179^.

Bills to bear and every such exchequer bill shall bear date on the day on which the same shall be issued, and shall and may be signed by the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, or in his name, by any person duly authorised by the said auditor to sign the same* with the approbation of the lords' of of the treasury, in writing under their hands, or of any three or more of them \ and the said of appointed by this act shall have power and authority, from time to time, to revise and alter such rules and regulations as aforesaid, as they shall see occasion, but that no such revision or alteration shall be valid unless agreed to at a board of the said of confining of nine or more of them, convened upon three days notice for that purpose.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said of daysfor^con- an^ aPPolnt proper and convenient days for taking into

fidering appli- consideration such applications as shall from time to time be made to them, not being in any case forless than the sum of two thousand pounds as aforesaid, and shall ascertain the amount of such exchequer bills as shall be required to be from time to time issued for the purposes of this act, and by bke certificate or certificates as aforesaid, certify the same to the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, who shall and may, on the receipt thereof, direct further exchequer bills to be issued to such amount, from time to time, as the exigency of the case shall in their judgement require to be issued, until the whole of the bills to be made out in pursuance of this act shall have been issued for the purposes aforesaid; and the said of by this act appointed shall from time to time pro* ceed to determine to what amount such exchequer bills shall be advanced to the persons respectively applying for the same under this act, and shall grant certificates thereof to the proper officer or officers at the said receipt of the exchequer, in such form, and under the like rules and regulations, as are herein-before mentioned, concerning the exchequer bills to be first issued as aforesaid, and such officers shall from time to time deliver such exchequer bills in the form and in the manner before directed, maae ut g

XV. And be it further enacted, That such officers by whom ^ddiverecUo exchequer bills shall be delivered, shall, from time to time, the commis- upon the requisition of the said of hereby appointed, deliver to them at their office, complete lifts of all the exchequer bills made out by them, specifying therein the respective dates and sums expressed therein, and distinguishing therein the persons to whom, and the numbers of the certificates, by virtue whereof the same were issued respectively.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons to whom any such sums in exchequer bills shall be advanced or lent, shall previously eruster into such bond or obligation, bonds or obligations, in such sum or sums of money respectively, and with such sureties or such further securities as are herein after mentioned, and as the case may require and the said of shall deem neceflaryj which bond or obligation, bonds or obligations, and securities, the said of shall,

Lifts of bills made out to

lioners.

Persons to whom bills are advanced to give bond.

479

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 117.

by their discretion, have full power and authority to cause to be taken as herein after is mentioned; and that every bond or obligation to be taken in pursuance of this act, as well of the principal party as of such sureties respectively, shall be to our sovereign lord the King, in such sum or sums of money as shall be directed by such of by virtue of this act to be paid to our said lord the King, by such form of words as obligations to the King's majesty have been used to be made, and with such conditions to be thereunder written as by such of shall be deemed proper; and that all such obligations to be so made shall be good and effectual in the law, and shall be of the same quality, force, and effect, to all intents and purposes, as any obligation made to our sovereign lord the now King, or his predecessors, or.any of them, hath at any time heretofore been or now is adjudged, received, or taken to be; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all bonds and obliga- How bonds tions which shall be entered into by the person or persons to whaTfe- whom or to whose account any such exchequer bills shall be ad- curities.depo-vaneed, shall be made in such sums, not less than double the sited, where amount of the principal sums contained in such exchequer bills, there are no as the said of shall in their discretion direct; and thaturetl€S» in every such case if the party or parties shall enter into any such bond or obligation, bonds or obligations, without any or sufficient surety or sureties, then such party or parties shall, over and above such bond or obligation, bonds or obligations, deposit, or cause to be deposited, in the custody of the said of, or of such person as they shall appoint, by writing under the hands of the said of, or any two or more of them, any exchequer bills issued under the authority of any act or acts of parliament passed in Great Britain or Ireland, \ or any India bonds* bills of exchange, or other negotiable securities for money whatever, or any assignment or alignments of any mortgages, here-table bonds, or other heretable or real securities whatever, which may effect, incumber, or charge, the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, heretages, or other real estates, of any person or persons whatsoever, having lands, tenements, or hereditaments* heretages, or other real estates in Great Britain or Ireland\ and in which exchequer bills, India bonds, bills of exchange, or other negotiable securities for money, mortgages, heretable bonds, or Other heretable or real securities, affesting, incumbering, or charging, such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or such heretages or other real estates in Great Britain or, Ireland, such party or parties shall have a specifick interest to a certain amount, which shall be proved to the satisfaction of the said of, bearing a proportion not less than is herein after mentioned, to the value of the principal sums so to be advanced; that is to say, in the proportion of four to three on the value of such deposit, of on the value of the specific-ic interest which the party or parties depositing the same, or causing. the same to be de- posited, shall have therein,

5

H by

Sureties bound for no more than they subscribe to, but no bills to be issuedunless the whole subscribed a-

Commissioners may take additional security as herein specified.

480 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127. [1795.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any such bond or obligation shall be entered into, with such surety or sureties as the said of shall in their discretion approve, then each of the sureties in such bond or obligation shall be bound in such sum, and no more, as he shall set and subscribe against his name in such bond or obligation; provided that no exchequer bills shall be issued on the security of such bonds or obliga-

mounttodou- tions as last mentioned, unless the amount of all the sums set and blethefum to subscribed again! the names of the several sureties, upon the said be advanced. t>oncjs or obligations, shall amount in the whole to double the sums contained in such exchequer bills so to be advanced on the credit thereof.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said of, in all cases where they shall see occasion, to accept and take, as a further additional security for any loan of any sum on such exchequer bills as aforesaid, or part of such loan, from any principal or surety in such loan, or other person or persons having any exchequer bills issued under the authority of any act or acts of parliament passed in Great Britain or Ireland, or any India bonds, bills of exchange, or other negotiable securities for money whatsoever, or from any such principal or surety, or other person or persons having lands, tenements, or hereditaments, heretages, or other real estates, in Great Britain or Ireland., any mortgage, heretable bond, or other heretable or real securities whatsoever, which may affect, incumber, or charge the said real estates of such principals or sureties, or other person or persons as aforesaid, and also to accept and take as a like further and additional security from any such principal or surety, or other person or persons possessed of any mortgages, heretable bonds, or other heretable or real securities, affecting, incumbering, or charging, any such real estates in Great Britain or Ireland, any alignment or alignments of such mortgages, heretable bonds, or other heretable or real securities, and that every such exchequer bill, India bond, bill of exchange, or other negotiable security for money; and every such mortgage, heretable bond, or other heretable or real security, which shall be so accepted by the said of, shall be deposited with the said of, or such person as they shall appoint.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all such exchequer bills, India bonds, bills of exchange, or other negotiable securities for ^eP°^tec^ of, shall, in default

to be sold and Payment of such loan in the manner directed by this a cl, be-the monies come and be vested in the said of, and shall and may

may be sued be sold and disposed of, or the monies due and payable by virtue thereof shall and may be sued for in due course of law, in the name of their secretary for the time being, for the use of the said of under this adtand that every alignment of any such mortgage, heretable bond, and other heretable or real security, which shall be granted, constituted, or made, to the said commissioners, and shall be so deposited by the principal or principals in any such bond or obligation made to his Majesty as > aforesaid,

Negotiable deposits, in

for in the name of the secretary, to whom assignments of mortgages, &c. shall be made.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127. 481

aforesaid, as a security for such loan as aforesaid; and every mortgage, heretable bond, or other heretable or real security* which shall be granted, constituted, made, or deposited, as aforesaid, by any such principal or surety, or other person or persons, as such further and additional security as aforesaid, shall federally and respectively be granted, constituted, and made, to and in the name of the secretary to the said of for the time being, in trust for the said of, in terms of the loan for which the same shall be a security; and the said secretary for the Secretary may time being shall, under the diretions of the said of, yaHdat?ngS have full power and authority to perform, execute, and carry mortgages, into effect, any acts, matters, and things whatever, which shall recovering be requisite for the further and better alluring and validating any monies, such mortgage, heretable bond, or other heretable or real security or alignment thereof as aforesaid, and for enforcing, prosecuting, and pursuing the same, for the recovery of the sums for which such securities were respectively granted, constituted, and made, in all courts of competent jurisdiction in Great Britain, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same securities* respectively were granted, constituted, and made, to the secretary for the time being, as a security for his own proper debt; and that on payment or satisfaction of the principal sums for which such security shall be given, with interest for the same, and all costs incurred in recovering the same, the said secretary for the time being shall, and he is hereby authorised, under the direction of the said of, to execute on behalf of the said of a release, discharge, or renunciation, of the said monies so paid or satisfied, to be prepared at the costs of the party or parties making such payment or satisfaction, according to the forms prescribed by law for releasing, discharging, and renouncing, a mortgage, debt, or incumbrance, upon a real estate; and that such release, discharge, and renunciation, shall be good and valid in law, to all intents and purposes whatever.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or persons apply-persons carrying on trade in a partnership or firm with any other person or persons, shall apply for any exchequer bills to be ad- the use of vanced by virtue of this act on any of the securities herein men- partnership*, tioned, and shall shew, to the satisfaction of the said commission- maY giye ers, that such exchequer bills are to be advanced to such person partnedhia or persons for the use of the said partnership, it shall and may be lawful for the person or persons so applying for such advance, to give to the said of, over and above the security required by this act, a promissory note or promissory notes in the partnership firm in such sum or sums of money respectively, not exceeding in the whole the amount of the sum to be advanced to such person or persons, with interest for the same, according to the said act, as the said of shall direct; which promissory notes as aforesaid shall respectively be made payable to the secretary of the said of for the time being, at such times and in such proportions as the advance to be made to th9 person or persons so applying shall be stipulated to be paid by Vot. XL, 11 the

482 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127- [1795.

the bond or obligation, bonds or obligations, to be entered into by such person or persons pursuant to this act, which notes shall be respectively made in the form following; that is to say,

Form of partner ill ip notes.

WE promise to pay to the secretary of the commissioners for the ififue of exchequer bills advanced to perfns connected with or trading to the islands of Grenada and Saint Vincents for the time beings the sum of with interest for the same, at the rate of five

pounds per centum by the year, from the date hereof on the day of now next enfiling.

Notes to be Provided that Separate and distinct notes shall be made and given person or persons as aforesaid, in respect of each instah ment, to be paid of the sum advanced pursuant to this act; and it shall be lawful for the secretary to the said of for the time being to sue upon every such note.

Where bills

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any advance in annliedto the excnecluer bills shall be made to any person or persons concerned use of partner- in any partnership, upon the application of any person or persons ships, their to the said of to make such advance to the use of the estatesand ef- fa*1(J partnership, and such advance, or any part thereof, shall have ble^thouRh^een a<^ua^y applied to the use of the said partnership, then the other security effiate and effiecfs of such partnership shall be liable and subject to, shall have and are hereby made chargeable with the payment of the sums been taken, advanced and actually applied as aforesaid, with interest for the same, and all costs attending the recovery thereof, as in case of debt found on record to the King's majesty, notwithstanding the said of shall or may have taken securities for the same debt in the name or names of any other person or persons than the persons concerned in such partnership, or in the names or name of any one or more of such partners; and in case it shall be made appear by affidavit to any baron of the respective courts of exchequer in England and Scotland, that such advance, or such part thereof as aforesaid, was actually applied to the use of the said partnership, and the same being found on record, it shall be lawful for such baron to cause an extent to be issued against the estate and effects of such partnership to the amount of the sum so actually applied, with interest thereupon and costs as aforesaid, in the same manner as if the advance so actually applied was an immediate debt from all the persons concerned in such partnership to the King's majesty,

Commission-

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it ers may order shall and may be lawful for the said of, vffiensoever madet^them t^ie^ Iee cau^e> to orc^er anc^ direct, by any order in writing, to be afficned any security which may be granted, constituted, made, or affiign-to their fe- ed, to or to the use or behoof of the said of by virtue cretary. of this act, to be granted, made, constituted, or assigned, to their secretary for the time being, in, his own proper name, without any declaration of use or

trust expressed therein, and in such

453

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127

form and manner as if such security had been granted, made, constituted, or assigned, to the said secretary as and for his own proper debt, and every such security shall enure to the use and behoof of, and shall be in trust for the said of, under and, by virtue of this act, as fully and effectually as if such uses or trust s had been particularly expressed therein; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the principal sums Princ?PaJ*-urris contained in the exchequer bills which shall be advanced or lent with interest by the said of under the authority of this act, shall to be repaid be repaid, without deduction or abatement, together with interest by instal-for the same, by instalments as herein after is mentioned; (that in

is to say), one third part of the principal sums in such exchequer deposits mav bills shall be repaid to the cashier or cashiers of the bank o1 England be disposed of at their office, together with interest for the same, at and after or sued for the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, on or before the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; one other third part thereof, with like interest, on or before the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and the residue thereof, with like interest, on or before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; such interest to be computed on the said principal sum from the time of such loan to the respective times of payment thereof as aforesaid; and if any default shall be made by any person or persons in the payment of any sum or sums of money within the respeeffive times herein-before limited for payment thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the said of hereby appointed, or any two or more of them, by any warrant or warrants under their hands and seals, to cause the money due and payable by virtue thereof, the exchequer bills, India bonds, bills of exchange, and other personal securities, deposited with the said of, or such security or further security as aforesaid, and also all such mortgages and assignments of mortgages, heritable bonds, or other heritable or real securities, made, constituted, or granted, to or to the use of or deposited with the said of, to be sold and disposed of or be sued for in due course of law, in the name of the secretary of the said of for the time being, for the use of the said of under this act; and further, that in case any such default shall be made, Iffuretyoiy and no other sufficient security shall be deposited or given, or ^eP°fit:n-

that the same shall be found or shall become insufficient in value of to satisfy the whole of the demand' from such defaulter or de- may direct the fauiters, it shall also be lawful for the said of, and they proper officer are hereby required, without further delay, to issue their warrant to proceed or warrants from time to time, to the proper officer or officers of the f^eties G crown, having the direction or management of proceedings upon obligations to his Majesty, requiring such officer or officers presently to proceed against all or any of the persons who shall have entered into any bond or obligation for the sum advanced, his, her, and their, heirs, executors, and administrators, for the recovery

484 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127. [1795.

of such parts of the films advanced on such bonds or obligations as shall be then due, together with interest as aforesaid, and such costs and charges attending such proceeding, as shall be by law payable for the same; the amount of which principal sums lo to be levied the said of shall cause from time to time to be testified by their note in writing under the hands of any two or more of them, to such officer or officers, and which Turn shall be inserted in the writ or process; and the like process shall and may from time to time issue as aforesaid, as occasion Monies re* shall require; and the sums so recovered, (the costs and charges Caid to^the aforesaid excepted), shall be paid to the said cashier or cashiers of bank. the hank of England, without abatement, deduction, or delay, in fa*

Commission- of such demands; and it shall be in the discretion of

ers may direct the said of to direct against which of the obligors in against which such security such proceedings shall be from to time commenced °or^ f or Prosecute^and the said of shall have the control

be^ommen- an<^ superintendance of such prosecutions, and the same shall not ced, &c. be discontinued, quashed, or abated, upon any pretence whatsoever, without the authority of the said of, testified under the hands and seals of any two or more of them, and exhibited to the barons of his Majesty's court of exchequer at Westminster, or to the barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland, as the case may require.

Tnproceedings

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where

against obli- any proceeding shall be directed by the said of as of Sare°Fadas aforesaid, against any of the obligors or obligor named in any requisite, &c. stich obligation, no writ or writs of Scire Facias shall be required to be issued; but that, upon the production of the warrantor warrants of the said of as before mentioned, before any of the barons of the said respective courts of exchequer, and in case such intended proceeding shall be against any sureties or surety, then upon proof of notice having been served upon such party or parties, or left at his or their usual place or places of abode respectively ten days atleaft before such application shall be made to such baron, an extent shall and may iftiie in the first process, upon the Fiat of such baron, without any affidavit or other verification or proof of the cause of such proceeding than such warrant or warrants as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any personas surety shall give any such additional security as in this act is mentioned, over an<^ ab°ve such bond or obligation, or other security, for any quence of any Joan ass hereby required, and if any payment shall be made of additional fe- any part of such loan, in consequence of such additional security curity, it shall being so given, and in discharge thereof, every such payment shall furet^tcTthe ^emed anc* taken to be made under the bond or obligation same remedy entered into by such surety, and in discharge, or in part discharge as if the pay- thereof, for the purpose of entitling such surety, his executors or ment had been administrators; and such payment shall entitle such surety, his executors and administrators respectively, to the like remedy from iga on, princ]pa] debtor or debtors in the said Joan, his or their heirs, executors, or administrators, for the reimbursement of the sums 1 so

If payment shall be made of part of loan in confe-

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127. 4^5

so paid or satisfied, and from the co-sureties in the said loan for the like contribution, as if such payment or satisfaction had actually been made upon the bond or obligation entered into by such surety; and if any person, not being a party to any bond or obligation entered into by virtue of this a ft, shall give such further security for any loan as in this act is particularly mentioned, and any payment or satisfaction of such loan, or any part thereof,

shall be made in consequence of such further security being so given, and in discharge thereof, every such payment or satisfaction shall entitle the party making the same, his executors or administrators, to the like remedy from the principal debtor or debtors in the said loan, his or their heirs, executors, or administrators, for the reimbursement of the sums so paid or satisfied as if such person had entered into a bond or obligation as surety, and such payment had been made thereupon; and that in every case of such payment upon or in consequence of such additional security, as well the bond or obligation, bonds or obligations, of such principal debtor or debtors, entered into by virtue of this act, as all and every the additional securities which may have been given by such principal debtor or debtors by virtue of this act, shall severally and respectively stand and remain as securities for the purpose of such reimbursement in the manner hereby directed in cases of payment by sureties upon bonds or obligations, and until the whole of the sums so paid or satisfied shall be fully reimbursed; and that such proceedings shall and may be had upon any additional securities given by such principal debtor or debtors, for the recovery of the sums so paid for the benefit of the respective parties making such payments, their executors or administrators, as might lawfully have been had for the recovery of the sums due and payable to the said of, notwithstanding the said loan shall have been fully repaid to the said of.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That after the due pay- After payment ment of the sums advanced, with interest as aforesaid, at the time °anc^\nd and in the manner herein specified, every such bond or obligation interest Q\y\[m entered into in pursuance of this act being fully satisfied, according gations to be to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall be forthwith de- delivered up, livered up to be cancelled; and in case any such bond or obligation shall have been prosecuted according to the directions of this

aft, the said of, or any two or more of them, shall, by their warrant or warrants, direct the proper officer or officers of the said respective courts of exchequer to enter up satisfaction on such bond or obligation, bonds or obligations, so being satisfied as aforesaid, upon the record, or otherwise to deliver up the same to be cancelled as the case may require.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every bond or obli- After payment gation, with any sureties or surety to be taken according to this ^UR^S, ad' aft, after payment or recovery thereupon by the said of commission-6 of the sums advanced or lent, with all interest and costs, in the ers, obliga-manner required by this a ft, shall stand and remain as a further tions with security for the purposes, and in the manner herein after men- ^mainVsfur tioned; (that is to say), if any surety or sureties upon such bond ther securities

X I 3 or for certain

purposes.

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127. [1795.

or obligation, his, her, or their executors or administrators, shall have paid or satisfied any part of such sums, interest, or costs, then such bond or obligation as against the principal obligor or obligors, his or their heirs, executors, or administrators, shall stand as a security as aforesaid, for the reimbursement to such sureties respectively, their executors or administrators, of the whole of the sums so paid or satisfied, and so from time to time until such reimbursement shall be fully made according to the intent of this act; and if any such sureties or surety, their or his executors or administrators, shall have paid or satisfied a sum which shall bear a greater proportion to the whole of the sums recovered upon such bond or obligation than the sum for which such surety respectively shall have been bound shall bear to the total amount of all the several sums of money for which all the several sureties shall have been bound by such bond or obligation, then such bond or obligation as against each and every of the sureties who shall not have paid or satisfied an equal proportion of the whole sum recovered according to the sum for which he shall have been respectively bound, their and every of their heirs, executors, and administrators, respectively shall stand as a security for the benefit of such sureties or surety, their executors or administrators respectively, who shall have paid or satisfied any such sums as aforesaid, for the purpose of enforcing a contribution among such sureties in an equal proportion to the several sums for which they shall have been respectively bound, and so from time to time until such contribution shall be fully Commission- made according to the intent of this act; and that in every such claims^of^11^ ca^e' upon application of any sureties or surety to the said sureties° and of for any of the purposes aforesaid, the said commissioners shall cause the respective claims of such sureties or surety

respectively, and the sums to he recovered from such principals or sureties respectively, their and every of their heirs, executors, or administrators, to be adjusted and settled as herein is mentioned, so that the whole sum recovered shall be distributed in equal pro- portion according to the sums for which each surety respectively shall have been bound in the same bond or obligation, and so from time to time as the case shall require; and thereupon the said of, by warrant or warrants in writing under their hands, shall from time to time direcft process to issue for the recovery of such sums as they shall have so adjusted and settled to be respectively recovered from, and paid to, such persons respectively as they shall specify in such warrant or warrants, under and subject to the several regulations and diredcions in this act contained.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That such process as aforesaid shall and lawfully may issue on any such bond or obligation as aforesaid, against any such principals or principal, their or his heirs, executors, or administrators, for the benefit of any such sureties or surety, their or his executors or administrators, and against any such sureties or surety, their or his heirs, executors, or administrators, as aforesaid, for the benefit of any co-sureties or co-surety, their or his executors or administrators, notwithstanding

direct process for recovery.

Process may issue against principals for the benefit of sureties, and against sureties for the benefit of cosureties, &c.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127. 487

the whole sum which shall, have been advanced to such principals or principal shall have been repaid; and in case any sureties or surety shall become bound by distinct bonds or obligations for the same persons or person, and for or on account of the same advancement, all and every the provisions aforesaid shall be applied in like manner, as well for the benefit of as against such principals or principal, as if all such sureties and principals respectively were named in the same obligation.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every bond or obliga- ^gSQfnc* tion, or other security entered into or given by any person or £>ankrupts in persons, either as principal or surety, who shall afterwards become England liable bankrupt within the true intent and meaning of the several fta- to the claim tutes made and now in force concerning bankrupts, and against flioIn whom a commission of bankrupt shall be awarded and issued out preference5to in that part of Great Britain called England\ shall, by reason and all others, force of such bankruptcy, and from the time of such bankruptcy,

become and be forfeited, and due and payable as against such bankrupt or bankrupts, and all the estate and effects of such bankrupt or bankrupts which would be liable to satisfy the demands of the creditors seeking relief under such commission of bankrupt, shall be liable and subject to, and are hereby made chargeable with the payment of the principal and interest due upon such bond or obligation, or other security, and all costs attending the recovery of the same; and that the claims of the said of shall be first. paid and satisfied out of the estate and effects of the said bankrupt or bankrupts, and in preference to the claim of any other creditor or creditors 3 and it shall be lawful for the said of, in the name of their secretary for the time being, to apply, by petition in a futnmary way, to the proper courts in England, having the jurisdiction of the matters of such commission of bankruptcy, to make due order accordingly, which such courts respectively are hereby authorised and required to make.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every bond or obliga- ^J-3^8 aP

J J O Of"

tion, or other security, entered into or given by any person or per- bankrupts in fons, either as principal or surety, who shall afterwards become Scotland liable bankrupt, and against whose.estate sequestration shall be awarded to creditors in Scotland, shall, by reason and force of such bankruptcy, and from the time of the date of the first deliverance on the petition .^tion sub-to the court of session for awarding the sequestration, become and ject to the he due and payable as against such bankrupt or bankrupts; and claims of the that all the estate and effects, real and persona], of such bankrupt or bankrupts, which would be liable to satisfy the demands of the.9c*creditors seeking relief under such sequestration, shall be liable and subject to, and are hereby made chargeable with the payment of the principal and interest due upon such bond or obligation, or other security, and all costs. attending the recovery of the same, and that the claims of the said of shall be first paid and satisfied out of the estate and effects of such bankrupt or bankrupts, and in preference to the claim of any other creditor or creditors, nevertheless, without prejudice to preferences duly obtained according to the law of Scotland, upon the real estates of

Commissioners may accept from assignees, &c. security for

488 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127* [17951.

persons who shall become bankrupts; and it shall be lawful for the said of, in the name of their secretary for the time being, to apply, by petition, in a summary way, to the proper courts in Scotland having jurisdiction of the matters of such bankruptcy, for making effectual the payment of the claims of the said of accordingly, and which such courts are hereby authorised and required to make.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said of appointed by this act to accept from the assignees under any commission of bank-, rupt iffsued, or from the fadfor or factors, trustee or trustees, under turns due from any sequestration awarded against any principal debtor or debtors an Up S* in any such loan, under this act, such security for the payment of the sum due from such bankrupt or bankrupts, out of his or their estate or effects, as the said of shall approve, and that the acceptance of such security by the said of shall operate as a release of the estate of such bankrupt or bankrupts for the benefit of the creditors under the said commission of bankrupt in England, or sequestration in Scotland, from all claims whatever by the said of, other than and except such part of the said estate as shall be specified in writing between the said of and the said assignees under the said commission of bankruptcy in England., or between the said of and the said fadlor or fadfors, trustee or trustees, under the said sequestration in Scotland, to be reserved by the said of > for such security as aforesaid, in case the said of shall require such security.

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case such debt shall grow due to the said of from any assignees^ &c bankrupt or bankrupts, as a surety or sureties upon any such of sureties be- loan as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said commis-coming bank- sioners to accept from the assignees under such commission of rtapts, provi- bankruptcy in Englandj or from the fadlor or factors, trustee or fc^ymen^of trustees, under such sequestration in Scotland, such provisional films due, &c. security for the payment of the sum due from such bankrupt or bankrupts out of his or their estate or effects, as the said commissioners shall approve, such provisional security to be void on the payment or satisfaction of the sum so due by the principal debtor or debtors, or by the acceptance of other surety or sureties in lieu thereof, in the manner herein after mentioned: provided that such acceptance of such provisional security by the said of, shall operate as a release of the estate of such bankrupt or bankrupts for the benefit of the creditors under the said commission of bankruptcy in England, or sequestration in Scotland\ from all claims whatsoever, by the said of, other than and except such part of the said estate as shall be specified in writing between the said of and the said assignees under the said commission of bankruptcy in England, or between the said of, and the said fadlor or fadfors, trustee or trustees, under the said sequestration in Scotland? to be teferved by them for such provisional security as aforesaid, in case

the Commissioners may accept from

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127. 489

the said of shall require such security: provided always, that any such release of the estate or estates of any such bankrupt or bankrupts as aforesaid, whether principals or sureties, upon any such loan as aforesaid, shall not be deemed or taken either in law or equity to discharge any other person or persons, or the estate or effects of any other person or persons, or to affect any other security for the same debt, or in any manner to prevent any contribution amongst sureties, or any demand of sureties against their principals provided for by this a£L

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any such surety If principal or sureties, upon any such loan by the said of under this act, shall be declared bankrupt as aforesaid, and the princi- time pr0(jucc pal debtor or debtors thereon shall not, within fourteen days after sureties in notice thereof, and requisition made for that purpose by the said place of such of, produce another surety or sureties, to be approved i*s become of by the said of, to become bound, and who shall pay half of the accordingly become bound in the said sum, by the like surety or fUm for which sureties, in lieu of the surety or sureties so becoming bankrupt as they were aforesaid, or pay to the said of one half of the sum sureties, their for which such furetv or sureties were bound by such security or Adeemed*securities, then the security and securities given or entered into forfeited to by such principal debtor or debtors shall be deemed forfeited as that amount, far as to the amount of one half of the sum or sums ia which such surety or sureties were bound respectively; and it shall and may be lawful for the said of to cause process to be issued in the manner prescribed by this act against the principal debtor or debtors, his and their heirs, executors, and administrators, for the recovery of one half part of all and every the sum and sums in which such surety or sureties were bound respectively, together with interest and costs, to be directed by the said of in pursuance of this act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Commifiicm-for the said of, in the name of their secretary for the

time being, to apply, by petition or otherwise, to the proper p10ns bank-courts in England and Scotland respectively, for any commission ruptcy, Scc. of bankruptcy or sequestration against the estate or effects of any bankrupt or bankrupts, and to sue out and otherwise pursue the same respectively, in like manner as any other creditor or creditors is or are by law entitled to do in England and Scotland respectively.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the of Any person named in any commission of bankruptcy which shall, at any time appointed by hereafter, be awarded and issued out in England, and the court of ^rsfliaUbe session, or lord ordinary officiating on the bills for the time, and admitted to every officer or other person concerned in the management of prove debts, the sequestered estate of any bankrupt in Scotland, shall admit the

proof of any debt, or grounds of debr, under this act, on the oath, affirmation, or affidavit, of any person appointed by the said of to act in the execution of this act; which oath, affirmation, and affidavit, respectively, shall be taken and administered before any of the proper officers having authority by law to administer

49° Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127. [1795.

oaths or affirmations, or take affidavits, in cases of bankruptcy, and shall permit such person so authorised by the said of to vote in the choice of an assignee or assignees, factor or factors, trustee or trustees, as the case may require, of such bankrupt's estate and effects, and to do and execute every other ad, matter, and thing, relating to such bankruptcy, as fully and effectually as if such person so authorised was the bona fide creditor of such bankrupt or bankrupts.

Adnotto

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

cution of com" not^nS herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, missions of - to Prevent> hinder, or delay, the execution of any commission of bankruptcy, bankruptcy, by the of therein named, according to &c. if estates the laws now in force in that part of Great Britain called England effects be }an^ or the proceeding to or under sequestration in Scotland, claims of the6 provided that every assignment of the elfate or effects of such commission- bankrupt or bankrupts under the said commission in England, and era. every ad of sequestration of the estate or effects of such bankrupt or bankrupts in Scothmd, shall be subject to the claims of the said of appointed by this act, and until the same shall be fully paid or secured to be paid.

Deposits

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all mortgages,

vetted in the heritable bonds, or other heritable or real securities, and all af-commission- signments of mortgages, heritable bonds, or other heritable or tain descrip-" rea^ Securities, and also all exchequer bills, India bonds, bills of tion, who may exchange, and other negotiable securites for money whatsoever, sue and be given to or deposited with the said of, under the au- sued in the thority and for the purposes of this act, shall be for such purposes fe^Telary^ve^e^ the said of by the name of The Co nun issioners for the IJfiue of Exchequer Bills advanced to Persons connected with or trading to the Islands of Grenada or Saint Vincents; and that the said of shall and may sue and be sued in the name of the secretary for the time being, and that no action or suit in law or equity, to be brought or commenced by or against the said of on account of this act, in the name of their secretary for the time being, shall abate or be discontinued by the death or removal of such secretary, or by the ad of such secretary, without the consent of the said of, but the secretary to the said of for the time being, shall always be deemed the plaintiff or defendant in such action cr suit, as the case may be, and no action or suit shall be brought against the said of collectively or individually, or against their secretary, except in one of the said courts of exchequer, and with the leave of such court nrft had and obtained, and upon fu.ch terms and conditions as the said courts shall direct.

Five commis-

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all acts, matters, and ttoners may things, which the said of appointed by this act are hereby required or authorised to do or execute, shall and may be done and executed by any five or more of them, unless the same No obligation, otherwise specially provided by this act.

See. under this

XL. And be it further enacted, That no obligation to his ad liable to Majesty taken by the said of from and after the pass-stamp duty. inp-

49i

ing of this act, nor any promissory note to be given to the secretary to the said of under this acffi, as a security for the loan of money in such exchequer bills as aforesaid, nor any affidavit, deposition, or receipt, taken or to be taken or made under and by virtue of this act, shall be liable to any (lamp duty whatsoever.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the governor and di- Bank to open re61 ors of the bank of England shall, and they are hereby required an account to open an account in their books, with the of here- miffio\iers0m- by appointed under the title of The Commissioners for the issue of Exchequer Bills advanced to Persons connected with or trading to the Islands of Grenada or Saint Vincents, and carry to the credit of such.account the several monies by this act directed to be paid to the cashiers of the bank; and whensoever the said of Commission-shall have advanced or lent any sum or sums of money in exche- ers to grant quer bills, to be made out in pursuance of this act, to any person or persons, the said of shall, at some time before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, deliver to such person or persons, at his or their request, one or more certificate or certificates under their hands, specifying the amount of such exchequer bills, and the respective dates thereof; and the Bank on pro-said cashiers of the bank, or one of them, shall, upon the pro> dudfion of such la ft mentioned certificate or certificates, on or acknowledge before the respective days appointed for payment of the sums so the receipt of to be lent and advanced, accept and receive from the person or monies, persons producing the same, such proportion of the amount of the principal sums so lent, together with such interest, to be computed from the time of such loan as aforesaid, and at the foot of such last mentioned certificate or certificates acknowledge the receipt of the said monies, and that whensoever the said of shall by their warrant or order have directed firch monies When money to be raised or levied by sale of any securities, or by any proceed- is raised by ings on any securities taken by virtue of this act in default of such^e^Gom* payment as aforesaid, the said of shall deliver to the ners°to" officer or officers executing the same respectively, a like certifi- deliver to the cate as aforesaid, and further specifying therein the amount of the officer a fike monies-to be so raised or levied, and the substance of such war- certificate, on rant or order to raise or levy the same; and the said cashiers of which the* ° the bank, or any one of them, shall, upon the production of such bank to ac-last mentioned certificate, accept and receive from such officer knowledge the or officers the monies so raised or levied in satisfaction of the receiPt oi' the payments, whereof default shall be so made as aforesaid, and at n, one^' the foot of such certificate acknowledge the receipt of the said monies, without fee or reward; and every such receipt shall be Receipts to be afterwards brought into the office of the said of here- brought to the by appointed, and by them entered in proper books, to be pro- ^o^e^ntered3 vided and kept for that purpose; and the said of, or ancj attested any two or more of them, shall attest the same under their hands, which shall be and return the same to the person or persons producing the same a discharge. at the said office; and every such receipt so attested, and every such entry in any of the said books, shall respectively from thenceforth

issued for discharging the exchequer bills, &c.

492 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127. [1795.

forth be an acquittance and discharge for the sums expressed therein, to have been received as against the said of and every of them, their and every of their executors and administrators, as well to the person or persons to whom such receipts shall be given, as to all and every the persons who have entered into any security in respect of the sums mentioned in such certificate, to which such receipt shall be subscribed, their and every of their heirs, executors and ad mi nistrators respectively.

Money paid

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all and every sum and belaid intot0 ^ums money which shall be paid into the bank of England, un-the exche- der or by virtue of this act, shall, from time to time, be paid into the quer, to make receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and good^the sums apart from all other monies, and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the monies paid into the said receipt by virtue of this act shall be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid into the said receipt upon any other account whatever, and that all the monies so paid into the said receipt by virtue of this act, shall be subject and liable to the uses and purposes herein after mentioned; (that is to say). In the first place

to make good all such sums as shall have been issued out of the publick monies for paying off and discharging all the sums advanced in exchequer bills to be made out by virtue of this act, with such interest as shall be payable thereon; and after payment of the same, in the next place, to make good all such sums

as shall have been so issued towards the charges and expences of the said of, in pu'rfuance of the orders of the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, according to the directions of this act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That, on or before the fifth day of July one thousand seven and ninety-six, the lords of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, shall cause a true and per-bills made out, fest account in writing, to be taken and attested by the proper toereftTnd officers of all the exchequer bills to be made out in pursuance of charges, shall this act, which shall become payable on the said fifth day of July be charged on one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and that all the said ex-the conioli- chequer bills, with the interest and charges incident to or attending the same, shall be and are hereby charged and chargeable upon the consolidated fund (except such monies of the said consolidated fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses by any act or acts of parliament in that behalf); and such monies of the said consolidated fund shall and may be issued and applied, as soon as the same can be regularly stated and ascertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging, such exchequer bills, interest, and charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and discharged, or money sufficient for that purpose be kept and reserved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the respective proprietors Bank may ad- thereof.

vance money

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be on the credit jawful for the governor and company of the bank of England to of this act- advance

Treasury to cause an account to be taken of the exchequer

dated fund.

493

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127.

advance or lend to his Majesty in like manner at the receipt of the exchequer, upon the credit of the loan granted by this act, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds; any thing in an a<fI, made in the fifth and sixth years of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An act for granting to their Majesties fcve-ral rates and duties upon tonnage of ships and vessels, and upon bcery ale, and other liquors; for securing certain recompences and advantages in the said act mentioned to such persons as shall voluntarily advance the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, towards carrying on the war against France, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said of Commission-herein appointed shall, from time to time, at their discretion, or account^of10 as often as they shall be thereunto required during their carrying their proceed-on any proceedings by virtue of this act, and as soon as possible ings to the after the determination of such proceedings, without any further treasury. requjfition, give an account of their proceedings in writing to the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or the lord high tresurer for the time being.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said of appointed by this act, shall decline to act in the ma^r up va_ execution of the powers and trulls hereof, or having begun to cancies by a £1 shall decline to act any further therein, or shall depart this death, &c. life during the continuance of this act, it shall and may be law- ^the^rea^ ful to and for the remaining of, or the major part of pur^ them, acting as aforesaid, by any writing under their hands and seals, by and with the consent and approbation of the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to constitute and appoint such person or persons to be a commissioner or of for the purposes aforesaid, in the place of the commissioner or of so refusing to act, or declining further to act, or dying as aforesaid, as the said acting of, or the major part of them, with such consent and approbation as aforesaid, shall think fit, and so often as such case shall happen; and the person or persons so constituted and appointed by the said of, with such consent and approbation as aforesaid, having first qualified to act by taking and subscribing the oath herein-before provided and directed, shall be inverted with the same powers and authorities as are given or delegated by this act unto the said commissioner or of constituted by this act respectively.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Persons ad-lawful for all persons, bodies politick or corporate, advancing any vancingex-of the exchequer bills to be issued by virtue of this act, by way charge* of loan, to any persons who may be willing to accept such exche- f per cent, quer bills, valuing the same at the sum which shall be expressed inured, therein respectively, together with such interest as may have an-crued thereon at the time of advancing such I030, to charge and

receiyc

Limitation of actions.

494 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 127. [1795.

receive interest for such loan at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum \ any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding. Commission*

XLVILI. And be it further enacted, That the said commis-ceive and end ^10ners ^a^ and may receive and fend all their letters and packets letters free of ^ree from the duty of postage, provided that such letters and pac-pofb.ge. ketsas shall be sent to the said of be airedled to the commissioners for the issue of exchequer bills at their office; and that all such letters and packets as shall be sent by them be dated from their said office, and shall be signed on the outside of such letters and packets by such person as the said of, with the consent of the lords of of the treasury, or any three or more of them, shall appoint, and under such restrictions and regulations as the said of of the treasury shall think proper and direct.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That no add ion or suit shall be commenced againsi: any person or persons for any thing done by virtue of or in pursuance of this act, until fourteen days notice thereof in writing shall have been given to the secretary for the time being of the said of, nor after a sufficient satisfaction or a tender thereof hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, nor after six calendar months next after the fact committed; and every such action shall be brought in the said respective courts of exchequer, and shall be laid in the county of Middlesex, or city of Edinburgh respectively, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit shall and may General issue. plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter-in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and -if the same shall appear so to be done, or if such action or luit shall be brought after the time herein-before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought without fourteen days notice thereof, or shall be brought in any other county or place, or after a sufficient satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer discontinuance of his, her, or their action or suit, or if a verdict shall pass againsi: the plain-Treble costs. tiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit in any other cases by law.

Persons coun- L. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons tfficates5 &c- for£e> counterfeit, or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, or knowingly or wilfully act or assist in

guilty of felony.

the forging, counterfeiting, or altering, any certificate or certificates of the said of by this act appointed as aforesaid, or any of them, or any receipt or receipts to be given by the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England in pursuance of this act, or shall wilfully deliver to the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer for the time being, or to any officer appointed by him, or to the said commissioners

495

1^950 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 128.

by this act appointed, or any of them, or to any officer y or officers appointed by them, or any of them, in the execution of the powers of this act, or shall utter any such forged, counterfeited, or altered certificate or certificates, receipt or receipts, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or any body or bodies politick or corporate, or any person whomsoever, then and in every such case all ^pd every person or persons so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

LI. And be further enabled, That in all cases where an oath Affirmations may be administered by this act, it shall be lawful to administer ac*mi<

an affirmation in lieu thereof, as the case may require.

CAP. CXXVIII.

An act for allowing a further annuity to the subscribers to the sum of eighteen millions, authorised to be raised for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-fve^\_ June 27, 1795.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty 7s most dutiful and loyal subjectts, the

commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, have resolved that, in case provision should be made by any act to be passed in this present session of "parliament, for guaranteeing the payment of the dividends on a loan for the service of the emperor of Germany, to an amount less than six millions sterling, every contributor to the loan of eighteen millions, authorised to be raised by an act of this present session of parliament, intituled An 35^eo-3'c'I4* aid for raising the sum of eighteen ?nillions by way of annuities, should an be entitled on every one hundred pounds so contributed to the said loan of eighteen millions, to a further annuity in the proportion of sixpence per centum for every seven hundred and fifty thousand pounds by which such loan should fall short of the sum of six millions sterling; which proportional annuity of sixpence per centum per annum should be added to and made one joint stock with the annuities of eight ftiillings and sixpence, granted by the said act: and whereas by an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled An aid for guaranteeing the payment of the 35 Geo. 3x.93, dividends on a loan of four millions six hundred thousand pounds, to rcClte^' the emperor of Germany; such guarantee as is herein-before mentioned hath been made to a sum less than six millions by the sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com-in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority

mons,

of the same, That every contributor towards raising the said sum of eighteen millions shall, for every one hundred pounds contributed and paid, be intitled, on the completion of such contri- eTadt en^tbd

bution, to a further

Every contributor under the first recit-

49^ Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 129. [1795.

annuity of is. bution, over and above any annuity granted by the said certain1 eriod rec*tec* to a further annuity of one /billing, to continue for a from old. io, certain term of sixty-five years and three months, from the tenth

1794. day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and

then to cease, and which annuity of one shilling shall be added to and made one joint (lock with the annuities, to which the annuities, after the rate of eight shillings and sixpenceannumy granted by the said first-receited act, were thereby added, and shall be charged and chargeable on the same fund, and paid and payable at the same times and in like proportions, and shall be transferrable in like manner, and deemed to be of the same quality, as the said annuities after the rate of eight shillings and sixpence per annum, granted by the said recited act; and all powers, rules, methods, regulations, and provisions, and all penalties and forfeitures, in the said firffc-receited act contained, in relation to the annuities after the rate of eight shillings and sixpence per annu?ny shall be extended and applied in the managing, paying, transferring, and accounting for, and all other matters relating to the said annuity after the rate of one shilling per annum, as amply and as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the said powers, rules, methods, regulations, and provisions, penalties and forfeitures, had been severally and respectively repeated in this act.

CAP. CXXIX.

An act for enabling his Majesty to settle an annuity on his royal highness the prince of Wales, during the joint lives of his Majesty and of his said royal highness \ for making provision out of his revenues for the payment of any debts that may be due from his royal highness; for preventing the accumulation of debts in future; and for regulating the mode of expenditure of the said revenues.

[June 27, 1795.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, being desirous of enabling your Majesty, as well to make a suitable provision for the establishment of his royal highness the prince of Wales, in consequence of his late marriage, as to carry into effect his said royal highness's gracious intentions and desire, signified to us, for making a due arrangement for the liquidation and discharge of any debts that maybe now due from his said royal highness, and for preventing the accumulation of debt in future, and for regulating the payment of his royal highness's revenues, do humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority His Majesty of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the King's^mQ^ exce^ent majesty> by any letters patent under the great leal

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 129. 497

of Great Britain, to give and grant to his said royal highness the 65-., ooool. to the prince of Wales, or to such other person or persons as his said Majesty shall think fit, to be named in such letters patent, and commence his and their heirs, to the use of, or in trust for, his said royal 0ct 10, 1794, highness, one annuity, of sixty-five thousand pounds of lawful out of the con-money of Great Britain; which annuity of sixty-five thousand folidatedfund. pounds shall commence and take effect from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and continue from thenceforth for and during the joint lives of his said present Majesty (whom GOD long preserve!) and of his said royal highness; and shall be paid and payable at the four most usual days of payment in the year, (that is to say), the fifth day of Ja- J nuary, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July^ and the tenth day of October, in every year, by even and equal portions, the first two quarterly payments thereof to be made on the day after the passing of this act: and that the said annuity of sixty-five thousand pounds shall and may, by such letters patent, be directed to be issuing and payable out of the consolidated fund, during the joint lives of his said present Majesty and of his said royal highness, (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such sums as shall have been directed to be paid out of the same, by any act or acts of parliament made previous to the time of pasting this act, and with a preference to all other payments which shall or may, at any time or times after the passing of this act, be charged upon, and payable out of the said fund).

II. And be it further enacted, That the said annuity of sixty- Annuitypaya-five thousand pounds shall be paid and payable at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer; and the auditor of the said receipt shall, debentures and he is hereby required, by virtue of such letters patent, to for paying it make forth and pass debentures, from time to time, for paying, to be made according to the directions of this act, the said annuity, as the without same shall become due and payable, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any part thereof; and the said debentures, to be made forth and passed as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient authority to the several and respective officers of the receipt of the exchequer, now and for the time being, for the payment of the said annuity, according to the directions of this act, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said annuity of sixty- Annuity free five thousand pounds, and every part thereof, shall be free and ^rorA taXes* clear from all taxes, rates, and assessments, and all other charges whatsoever, imposed or to be imposed by authority of parliament, or otherwise.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the speaker of the house Commission-of commons for the time being, the chancellor of his Majesty's eis aPP°irae^-exchequer for the time being, the mailer of his Majesty's household for the time being, the accountant general of the high court of chancery for the time being, and the surveyor general of the

crown lands for the time being, shall be commissioners for putting this act in execution, with relation to the powers hereby veiled 'jqiree com_

in of j and-all powers and authorities which the said missioners

Vol. XL, K K com- may act, and

498 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 129. [1795.

one to tnke an of are enabled to exercise by this act, shall and may baron^otTl^ exerc^ec^ by any number not less than three of the said corn-exchequer. missioners; and any one of the said persons, before he shall enter upon the execution of the same, shall take an oath before one of the barons of the coif of his Majesty's court of exchequer (which they are respectively authorised and required to administer) in the form following; (that is to say),

Form of oath.- T A.B. doswear, That I will aft faithfully and impartially, to the^best of my judgement, in the execution of an act^ intituled, [here set forth the title of the act], according to the true intent and meaning of the said act.

The other of to take the oath.

15, 000b to be let apart at the exchequer, and paid quarterly to the of, to discharge the prince's debts.

30, 000b for two quarters, from 061. io, 1794, to be set apart immediately.

On July 5, 1795, and so quarterly,

1.2501 to be set apart at the exchequer to be paid his royal highness.

And every other of the said of shall likewise take the same oath, before the said commissioner, (who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same), after he shall have taken the said oath as aforesaid, or before any other commissioner who shall have taken the said oath, and who is hereby also empowered to administer the same.

V. And whereas his royal highness has been graciousy pleased to desire, that such part of the income intended to be allotted to him as to the wisdom and prudence of parliament shall seem expedient and advise-able^ may be appropriated to the discharge of his debts, and be paid to the said of, to be by them applied to that purpose; be it therefore further enacted, That on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and at the end of every quarter of a year after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, until all the debts now due and owing by his royal highness, as principal debtor, not exceeding the sum of six hundred and fifty thousand pounds, shall be satisfied and discharged, there shall be set apart, at the receipt of the exchequer, the sum of fifteen thousand pounds, making the annual sum of sixty thousand pounds, which shall be issued and paid to the said of, or to such other person or persons as the said commissioners shall, by writing under their hands, or the hands of any three or more of them, appoint to raceive the same; and the acquittance or receipt of the said of, signed by any three or more of them, or such person or persons as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient discharge for the payment of the same; and that on the day next after the passing of this act, for and in respect of the two quarters of a year which have elapsed since the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, there shall be set apart at the said receipt the sum of thirty thousand pounds, which shall and may be at any time issued to the said of, or to such other person or persons as aforesaid, in like manner, and for the like purposes as is before directed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That on the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred anq ninety-five, and at the end of every quarter of a year after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, there shall be set apart at the receipt of the exchequer, during the joint lives of his Majesty and his royal highness, and until the determination of the said commission,

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 129. 499

as is herein after diVe&ed, provided the same shall determine during such joint lives, the Turn of one thousand two hundred and fifty pounds, which shall be paid to his royal highness the prince of Wales, or to such person as shall be authorised by him to receive the same, whose receipt shall be a sufficient discharge for the payment thereof; and that on the day next after the passing of this act, ^500]. for for and in respect of the two quarters of a year which have elapsed since the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and 1794, to be set ninety-four, there shall be set apart at the said receipt, the sum of apart imme-two thousand five hundred pounds, which shall be in like manner lately, paid to his royal highness, or to such person as shall be authorised by him to receive the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said When the debts, now due and owing by his said royal highness, shall he ^ar^dC the" paid or discharged, the said commission, and all the powers and commission authorities given by the same, shall absolutely cease and deter-to cease, and mine, to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and from and after 16, 2-50l. to be the determination of the said commission as aforesaid, the sum °^[eriaPfor the1* sixteen thousand two hundred and fifty pounds shall be set apart atprjnce#

the receipt of the exchequer, at the end of every quarter, and the same shall be paid to his royal highness the prince of Wales, or to such person as shall be authorised by him to receive the same, whose receipt shall be a sufficient discharge for the payment thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Commission-lawful for the said of to demand, from all or any

the officers of his said royal highness, or any other person or persons persons con-who are, or shall be, or may have been, concerned in the manage- cemed in the ment of the revenues of his said royal highness, a true and just management statement of all and every the debts now due and owing from his of the prince s said royal highness to any person or persons whatever; and the ^e^nQ^sa said officers, or other persons as aforesaid, and each of them, are debts, andex-and is hereby required, within such time as shall be limited for amine credi-that purpose by the said of, to give in such statementtors on oath* in writing, as far as shall have come to their or his knowledge respectively; and which shall contain the sums due, and to whom owing, and on what account, and whether any and what securities have been given for the same; and if the said of, upon such statement being made, shall fee Cause for further explanation or investigation of any claim or claims in particular, it shall and may be lawful for the said of to summon before them all or any of the said officers of his said royal highness, or other person or persons as aforesaid, with the books, papers, and accounts, belonging to their respective offices, touching such claim or claims, and also all persons who have, or claim to have debts outstanding against his said royal highness, and shall desire to have any benefit from any of the funds established by this act, and to examine such person or persons, or any of them, upon oath or affirmation, (which oath or affirmation the said of, or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised to administer), touching all such matters and things relating to the said debts, so to be investigated as aforesaid, and

Creditors dis* satisfied with

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 129. [1795.

the consideration thereof, as shall be necessary for the execution of the powers vested in the said of by this act; and all such officers and persons are hereby required punctually to attend the said of, at such time and place as they shall appoint, and answer all such lawful questions as shall be put to them concerning the premises.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any creditor or creditors of his said royal highness, who shall come in and claim before

outlie com- the of, within the time herein after limited, shall, mi hioners after the of have heard and notified to him or them may lue them, their determination upon such claim, be dissatisfied with the judgement-of the said of, it shall be lawful for such creditor or creditors to sue any one or more of the said of in his or their own name or names, as a commissioner or of appointed by virtue of this act, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, in an action of debt, or on the case, for the recovery of such debt or debts, and to serve such commissioner or of with a copy of the process of such court, and to declare against him or them, as such commissioner or of, upon the original cause of action, in which action or suit colls shall be awarded to either party, as in other cases of trials at law, provided that the copy of such process shall be served within ten days from the notification of their determination; and no writ of error shall be brought, had, or maintained upon the judgement in such action; any law, ufageor custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Commission- X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the ers may mfti- said'of, in the name or names of any one or more of them, to institute any suit in his Majesty's court of chancery or exchequer against any creditor or creditors of his said royal highness, whose debt shall have accrued before the passing of this act, touching any matters or things relating to such debts.

No affion to

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no ac-ed frfftion or ^Ult brouSht by v*rtue a(^ shall abate or be discon-

a commission ^nue(^ by the heath or resignation of the commissioner or comer, Sec. missioners in whose name or names, or by or against whom, the same shall be commenced, or by the act of such commissioner or of, without the consent of the said of, or three or more of them; nor shall any commissioner or of be liable to pay any debt, damages, costs, sum or sums of money, by reason of such action or suit, out of his or their own estate, nor to any process of execution, but shall be reimbursed all charges and expences out of the funds created by virtue of this act.

Commission-

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said of ers may settle shall be authorised and empowered to treat, transact, or agree, with all or any of the persons on whose behalf any debt shall be demanded as due from his royal highness, and to settle, and establish such course and order of payment as to them shall seem fit; and whenever any debt due from his said royal highness as principal debtor to any person or persons, or when the amount of the

tute suit against creditors.

the course of payment of debts, and make out debentures for the same.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 129. 501

the same shall have been proved to the satisfaction of the of, or established in a legal course of proceeding, it shall be lawful for the said of, and they are hereby required, to cause to be made out, under the hands and seals of any three or more of them, one or moreTecurity or securities for the payment of the said debt, by way of 'debenture or debentures, with a defeazance thereon for making void the same on payment, according to such course and order, and at such time or times, and under such conditions as shall be settled and established by the said of for payment of the said debts, together with interest for the same, not exceeding the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, until payment; and all such securities, and ^c^tl<es sums of money due or to grow due for interest thereon, shall be the fuifds^ severally charged upon and payable out of the respective funds hereby efta established by this act for payment of the same, in due course and blished, may order, at the appointed times, and in the manner settled and be assigned. established by the said of; and all such securities shall be assignable and transferrable, from time to time, to any person or persons, by indorsement in writing under the hands of the respective creditors, or their executors, administrators or assigns.

XIII. And whereas his royal highness the prince of Wales is anxious fill further to increase the fund to be appropriated to the discharge of his debts; and is desirous that the fu?n of thirteen thousand pounds per annum, out of the rents, issues, and profits, of the duchy of Cornwall, should be applied for that purpose^ during such term as his Majesty or his royal highness may continue to be interested in the revenues of the said duchy, or until the debts now due and owing by his said royal highness fall be paid and discharged\ (provided the same fall be discharged within the term aforesaidf and that the same be paid to the of herein-before mentioned, in addition to the sum of sixty thousand pounds to be by them applied to the like purposes as is herein enabled, of and concerning the said sum of sixty thousand pounds; be it therefore enacted, That the receiver general, or 13*000l. another proper officer of his royal highness the prince of Wales as Jh^rev duke of Cornwall, to whom the receipt of the revenues of the of the ciuoJiy said duchy is or shall be intrusted, after paying and discharging of Cornwall to the salaries of the officers of the said duchy, and the charges and he paid to the expences attending the management and collection of the same, ers^&^alf which shall not exceed the sum to which the said salaries, charges, yearly.' and expences, have amounted to on an average of the last live*years, shall, during such term as his Majesty or his royal highness may continue to be interested in the revenues of the said duchy, or until the debts of his said royal highness shall be discharged, provided the same shall be discharged within such term, from time to time pay, by half-yearly payments, the first half-yearly payment thereof to be made on the fifth day of January one thousand feveti hundred and ninety-six, to the said of, or to such person or persons to be appointed by them as aforesaid to receive the same, (whole acquittances and receipts respectively shall be a discharge as aforesaid), the yearly sum of

placed in the hands of the commission-

502 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 129. [1795.

thirteen thousand pounds out of the said rents, issues, and profits, of the said duchy, provided they amount to such sum j and in the event of the revenues of the said duchy of Cornwall not amounting to the said sum, in any one year, then the said receiver general, or other officer having the receipt of the said revenues, dial] pay over to the said of such sum as the said revenues shall amount to, after the aforesaid deductions, and the deficiencies shall be made up with interest thereon at the rate of five pounds - per centum per annum, from any surplus which may arise in any subsequent year, to be by them applied, in the order and course to be appointed as herein mentioned, towards the discharge and satisfaction of the debts now due and owing by his fjid royal high — ness to his several creditors, who shall respectively claim and demand, and who shall agree to accept, the securities to be granted by virtue of this act, in discharge and satisfaction of the said debts, on the terms and in the manner in this act specified. Principal to

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the whole of the prin-the^mon^es" °* cTa^ums contained in the securities, to be given by the said of shall be charged upon and paid out of the monies from time to time placed in the hands of the said of by virtue of this act; and that the interest to grow due thereon, as the rest ou^of the ^ame ar^e> ^ria^ be borne and discharged by and out of the

60.0001. and feid annuity of sixty thousand pounds, to be granted by virtue of

33.0001. this act, and out of the said sum of thirteen thousand pounds, so to be paid as aforesaid; and the said monies severally arising as aforesaid shall be and are hereby declared and efhblished to be funds for those respective purpefes.

XV. And be it further enacted, That at the end of every half year the said of shall pay and satisfy all the interest then due on the said securities to be granted by the said of as fund to be ap- aforesaid; and the remainder of the said annual sum of sixty thousand plied in dif- pounds, and of the said sum of thirteen thousand pounds, or such sum as shall be paid to the said of by the receiver general to whom the receipt of the revenues of the duchy of Cornwall shall belong, out of the revenues of the said duchy, shall go and be by them applied towards satisfying and discharging the principal debt due on the said securities, and remain unsatisfied, in such manner, and at such times as they shall direct.

On thedemife

XVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in the event of ffithe Crinc?s ^em^e of crown during the life-time of his royal highness,

lfteth^o ooooh the said sum of sixty thousand pounds shall from thenceforth, dur-to be charged ing the life of his royal highness, or until the said debts, or such on the heredi- part of them as shall remain due, shall be discharged, be charged

of Thecrown uPon5 an<^ t^ie ^ame are hereby accordingly charged upon, the'hereditary revenues of the crown during the life of his said royal highness, and shall not from thenceforth be paid out of the consolidated fund, but shall be issued and paid out of the said hereditary revenues, in like manner, and for the like purposes, and at such times, and in such proportions, as the same are hereinbefore

Interest to be paid half-yearly, and surplus of the

charge of the principal.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 129. 503

before directed to be iflliing and paid out of the consolidated '

fund.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in the event of the decease of his said royal highness before the Payment for the deUs and discharge of all the debts of his laid royal highness, which are paid, the the said of are authorised to adjust and settle by virtue 6o; ooooI. to be of this act, and of all interest that may grow due on any securi-^aParj; froni ties to be granted by the said of, the said annual sum dat^dfund'till of sixty thousand pounds shall continue to be set apart out of the they are dif-said consolidated fund, and shall be issued to the said of charged, quarterly, in even portions, and by them applied to the diminu- tion of the said principal debts, and interest thereupon, until all such debts and interest be finally satisfied and discharged.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no claim or demand claims to

of any creditor or creditors of his said royal highness shall be re- 1,

ceived by the said of after the first day of September 1795, ^0^fe-one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; nor mall any fecu- curity grant-rity, by way of debenture as aforesaid, be granted by the said ecb unl's of, by virtue of this act, to any creditor or creditors made before of his said royal highness, on account of any debt; nor shall any that day, and creditor be entitled to any part or share of the funds hereby efta- the creditor blished for payment of the said debts of his said royal highness, or submitsto be either of them, unless a claim shall be made by such creditor or examme creditors, and an account in writing of such debt be delivered to

the said of, on or before the said first day of Sepietnber one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and unless such creditor or creditors shall submit to be examined touching the said debt or debts as is herein-before directed, if the of shall fee cause to require him or them so to be: provided always, Commission-that the said of shall have power to enlarge the time farg^tun^for for delivering in such claims and accounts, if they fee reasonable delivering in cause for so doing. claims.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any security shall be If security be granted by the said of, on account of any debt or accepted, the debts due from his said royal highness, as principal debtor to any therein mC1^e creditor or creditors, and shall be accepted by such creditor or 'creditors, the said debt or debts shall be and is hereby declared

to be utterly from thenceforth merged therein, and shall not, on any pretence whatever, be set up against his said royal highness, or against any person or persons who fhalhor may be joined with him as security for the same; but that his said royal highness, his heirs, executors, and administrators, and every person or persons who shall or may be security for the same, and his and their lands, tenements, goods, and chattels, shall from thenceforth be wholly exonerated and discharged therefrom, and from all securities whatever which shall have been given or entered into on account of his said royal highness.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That before Creditors to any creditor or criditors shall be entitled to any security by way oatMhe°na-of debenture, to be granted by the said of by virtue ofture of former this act, in satisfaction of any debt or debts, the said creditor or securities, and

KK4 creditors deliver them

not given up, may be postponed.

504 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 129. [1795.

up, unless it creditors shall be required to declare, on his or her oath or affir-cannotVe^In mat^on as a resaid, before the said of, the nature which case an^ kind of the former securities (if any) which, he, she, or they, they shall be or any others in trust for him, her, or them, hold for the said debt held in trust or debts; and every security, of what nature or kind soever the for the prince. farne shall be, shall and is hereby required to be first. delivered up to the said of, to be cancelled, unless it shall appear, to the satisfaction of the said of, that the same cannot be delivered up by such creditor or creditors; and if any such creditor or creditors shall obtain from the said of any security by virtue of this act, on accountofany debt or debts, without delivering up all former securities for the same, or any part thereof, every such former security shall, for the purpose of securing such debt or debts to such creditor or creditors, be of no avail, but shall, to the extent of the interest of such creditor or creditors, be held in-trust

for his royal highness, in such manner as the said of ^fdetTs^wher^ <^re^: '> anc^ be for the said of to

securitieTare6 direct t^e payment of the debt or debts of any creditor or creditors, who shall not deliver up such former security or securities, to be postponed until all other debts of his said royal highness which shall be fully disclosed (and the securities for which shall have been delivered to the said of) shall be paid off and satisfied, or in such other manner as the said of shall deem reasonable and necessary.

dTr^T^to

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the lords commission-be issuedan- ers of his Majesty's treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the nnally, forde- time being, are hereby directed and authorised to issue and cause fraying theex- to be issued all such sum or sums of money, to such person or per-pences of exe- fons as^said of shall authorise to receive the same,

mThnpcf hie lAr *9

by any writing under the hands of any three or more of them, not exceeding five hundred pounds in any one year, out of any part of the publick money remaining in the receipt of the exchequer, which said sum shall be deemed and taken to be a part of the said annuity of sixty thousand pounds, and shall be deducted from the amount of the same; which sums so to be issued and advanced shall be employed in defraying all the necessary charges and expences in or about the execution of this act; and which money so-tobe issued shall not be subject to any tax, duty, rate, or assessment whatsoever, imposed or to be imposed by authority of parliament, or otherwise, vlif-'nccf

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per-before^he fons, upon examination upon oath or affirmation before the said of respectively, shall wilfully and corruptly give false evidence, every such person or persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such pains and penalties as by any law now in being such persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

to give an ac-

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said commission-

count of their ers hereby appointed shall from time to time, at their discretion,

proceedings to or as often as they shall be thereunto required during their carry-the treasury. jner

cudngthisadt, out of the 6o, ooool,

of, liable to the penalties for perjury.

Commissioners '

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 129. 505

ing on any proceedings by virtue of this act, and as soon as possible after the determination of such proceedings, without any further requisition, give an account of their proceedings, in writing, to the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no action or suit Imitation of shall be commenced against any person or persons, for any thing a lons* done by virtue or in pursuance of this act, until ten days notice

thereof, in writing, shall have been given to the said of; nor after a sufficient satisfaction, or a tender thereof, hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved; nor after six calendar months next after the fact committed; and every such action shall be brought in the court of exchequer, and shall be laid in the county of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit shall and may plead the general issue, and give this a<dc and the special matter, in evi- General issue« dence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if the same shall appear so to be done, or if such action or suit shall be brought after the time herein-before limited for bringing the faipe, or shall be brought without ten days notice thereof, or shall be brought in any other county or place, or after a sufficient satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, that then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action or actions, or if a verdict shall pals against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same. Treble costs, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit in any other cases of law.

XXV. And whereas it is his royal highness's desire that there should be established a regular courfie of payment of all just de?nands which may be hereafter made upon his said royal highness, for any debt hereafter to become due, and that the accumulation of debt for the

future may be prevented*, be it further enacted, That the principal Principal of-officer or officers of his royal highness shall, within fourteen days fi^'etomake after the passing this act, prepare and make out, for the approba- out a^hnof tion of his royal highness, a plan of the establishment of his said the establish-royal highness, in diflindf departments and classes, and in such rkent of his order as he or they shall think fit and expedient, together with a highness, plan of the salaries and payments of each class, and of each individual office therein; and shall also prepare and make out an efti-mate of the annual expences of each distinest department in his royal highness's said establishment; one copy of which plan and estimate, after being approved of by his royal highness, shall be lodged with the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, and another in the office of the treasurer, or such principal officer or officers for the time being, as shall be appointed by his royal highness, and another with the clerks of the two houses of parliament respectively; and that, from and after the fifth day offrom

k J 7 cv j 1795, disburse-

july ments from the prince's revenues to be made by the treasurer, for which he shall be reiponhole

Plan may be altered.

506 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 129. [1795.

July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, all disbursements which shall be made out of the revenues of his said royal highness, for any of the purposes aforesaid, shall be m3de by the treasurer or principal officer or officers of his said royal highness, in the order specified in such plan and estimare, and no other; for which disbursements, to be made in the order so specified, the treasurer or principal officer or officers for the time being of his royal highness shall be responsible, and liable to answer the damages to the party grieved: provided nevertheless, that if it shall at any time be necessary or expedient to alter the said plan of establishment, or estimate of expences, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the principal officer or officers, or other persons concerned in the management of his royal highness's household, being directed so to do by his royal highness, to state such alteration as may be thought necessary to be made therein; and if the same shall be approved of by his royal highness, such alteration so made in the plan of establishment, or estimate of expences, of his said royal highness, shall be lodged as is hereinbefore mentioned.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the debts now due and owing by his royal highness shall be paid and discharged, (provided the same shall be discharged during the joint lives of his Majesty and his royal highness), and the said commission shall cease and determine, and the whole sum of sixty-five thousand pounds become payable to his royal highness, or such person as he shall appoint, as is herein-before enacted, then and in such case the principal officer or officers concerned in the management of his royal highness's household, shall, within two months after the determination of the said commission, form a new plan of the establishment of his royal highness, in distindf departments and classes, with the salaries and payments in each class, and each individual office therein, and an estimate of the annual expences of each department therein, and the same, after being approved by his royal highness, shall be laid before the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, and before both houses of parliament* within ten days after the first day of the next session ol parliament, after the determination of the said commission.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the treasurer or principal officer or officers of his royal highness for the time being, shall cause a book or books to be kept, in which all payments for any of the purposes aforesaid shall be duly entered, in the order and course of payment, with the day, month, and year of paying the same; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, from time to time, to demand an inspection of such book or books, or any copy or copies of the same, or any part thereof; and the said treasurer, or principal officer or officers, is hereby required to pay obedience to the orders of the said of for that purpose.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the treasurer, or principal officer or officers, for the time being, of his royal highness, shall, within fourteen days after the expiration of every

quarter

When the commission shall cense, a sit \v plan of the efUbliftnnent of the prince to be made cut, &c.

Treasurer of the prince to cause payments to be entered in a book, which his Majesty's treasury may inspect.

Treasurer to cause an account to be made out

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 129. 507

quarter of a year, cause to be prepared and made out a just and quarterly of

exadi account of all the expences incurred by his royal highness expencesofrhe ., r r, } rJ i prince, whica

within the preceding quarter of a year; and every such account fie ^a|] exa.

shall contain and set forth the several sums paid, and the several mine and sign, demands made, and then outstanding, on account of the expences of each department, within the said quarter; and the said treasurer, or principal officer or officers, shall, and he is hereby required to examine and audit the said accounts, with the vouchers relative to the same, and to sign his or their approbation of the same, or of such part or parts -thereof as he or they shall approve; provided that the amount thereof shall not be dif- proportionate to or exceed the plan and estimate as herein-before is directed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That upon the settlement ?-ud by war-of such quarterly account as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the p^ce °maylC said treasurer, or principal officer or officers, being thereunto au- pay the sums thorised by warrant or warrants under the privy seal of his royal specifkd highness, to pay, in the order and course settled as aforesaid, the therein, sums of money specified in such accounts, as the quarterly expence incurred as aforesaid, to the respective persons to whom his

royal highness shall be debited in such account; and the said treasurer, or principal officer or officers, shall pay the same accordingly.

XXX. And be it farther enacted, That if any deficiency shall How arrears arise in the revenues of his royal highness, at the end of any quarters quarter of a year, so as to create an arrear in the payment of any be discharged. claims made against his royal highness, and allowed as aforesaid,

such arrears shall be carried to the account of the next quarter, and (except in the case where any arrears of a preceding quarter shall likewise be carried to the same account) shall be placed therein first in order of payment, and shall be paid first in order out of the first monies payable on account of the next succeeding quarter: provided always, that no arrear of any of the salaries or allowances mack, or to be made, by his royal highness to any officer or officers, whose duty it may be to carry this act into execution, or who may be concerned in the execution of the same, shall be carried on beyond the term of one quarter after the quarter in which the same shall have become due; and that no arrears of any fort shall, on any account, or under any pretence, be carried on for more than two quarters of a year after the quarter when the same shall accrue due: and that if it shall happen that any arrears shall have been carried on for two quarters of a year, the same shall be discharged and paid out of the sum due and payable in the quarter to which such arrear shall be carried, in preference to the arrear of the preceding quarter, and in preference to all demands that shall accrue in the quarter to which such arrear shall be so carried; and it shall not be lawful for any officer or officers of his royal highness to audit, allow, or settle, any account for the quarter to which such arrears of two- quarters shall be carried, or to issue any sum or sums of money for the payment or satisfaction of the claims of the quarter to

508 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 129. [1795.

which such arrears shall be carried, until the said arrears shall be fully paid and satisfied: provided also, that in case, at the end of any quarter, there shall be carried to the account of the same the arrears of two quarters preceding, the arrears of the quarter immediately preceding shall be placed second in the order of payment, and shall be paid second inorder, next and immediately after the payment of the arrears of the quarter next but one preceding. Surplus at the

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if at the end of any clnrur to be ciua< ter of a year any fur plus shall remain of the said revenue of Tvivl the his said royal highness, after paying and satisfying 2II debts and pi-nice." demands accrued during such quarter, and all arrears of former

quarters in each department, such surplus shall and may be paid ever to his royal highness's privy purse.

Demands ao

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every creditor of his crued ihctu royal highness, whose demand shall accrue after the fifth day of

to be delivered Jtlb cne thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, flaall deliver in quarterly. into the office of the treasurer, or principal officer or officers of h.s royal highness for the time being, a particular, in writing, containing the nature and amount of such demand, and signed by hurt or her, within ten days after the expiration of the quarter of a year in which such demand shall accrue, in order that the same may be included in the preceding quarterly account, to be To demand to audited as aforesaid; and it shall not be lawful for the treasurer, or Pn"nc, Pal officer or officers of his royal highness, to include in vJhat has ac- any such account to be audited as aforesaid, or to allow, any debt crued within or demand, of what nature or kind soever, which shall not have the quarter wholly accrued within the quarter of a year preceding such audit, audk^&e^otl: )er ^ian t^ie arrears of such preceding quarters as aforesaid, or 9*which shall not be presented to the proper officer of his royal

highness, within the time herein-before limited, and according to the directions of this act; nor shall the treasurer, or principal officer or officers of his royal highness, under any pretence or colour of authority whatever, issue or cause to be issued any sum of money for the purpose of paying, satisfying, or discharging, any debt or demand, or any part thereof, which shall not have Demands not accrued, and be claimed, as aforesaid; and if any person or per-delivered in fons who shall have, or claim to have, any debt or demand against his royal highness, on any account whatever, shall not, after the nnd securities fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, de-for such debts liver a particular, in writing, of the said debt or demand to the void. proper officer of his royal highness, within ten days after the expiration of the quarter of a year in which such debt or demand accrued, every such debt or demand shall be barred both at law and in equity; and all bonds, bills, notes, or other securities for money, given or made in consideration of any debt or demand, whereof the particulars, in writing, shall not be delivered accord-Officer ne- ing to the directions of this at, shall be null and void, to all in-gletffing to intents and purposes; and that if any officer of or person employed fert demands by his royal highness, to whom the particulars of such debts or ac 'oimts1 li fieaiauds shall be delivered, according to the directions of this ahie to pay- at, shall neglet or refuse to insert the same in his account of ment of them. the

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 129. 509

the quarterly expences incurred, in the manner before directed, every such officer shall be liable to pay the amount thereof in damages to the party grieved.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no action or fit it, No action to either at law or in equity, shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted, by any creditor against his royal highness, in his own p^nce for any name as a party, for the recovery of any debt or demand due debt which from his said royal highness, which shall accrue after the fifth shall accrue day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, nor upon a^ter Jahr Sf any bond, bill, or note, nor upon any security to be given after the passing of this act, for the securing any debt or demand due

from his said royal highness; but that all proceeding

any such atftion or suit shall be null and void, to all intents and purposes.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing Act not to herein contained shall extend to prevent any action or suit against P^v^ftL^er' his royal highness the prince of Wales, by any person having any 2o-ainst the title by way of mortgage not made by his royal highness, or for prince, rent reserved upon any lease or grant of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, not made to or in trust for his royal highness, or

any aeftion or suit against his royal highness as duke of Cornwall, in respect of his duchy of Cornwall.

XXXV. And, in order that due provision may he made for the recovery of the just debts of his said royal highness, be it further

enabled, That in all cases where a demand shall be made, or a Creditors who debt shall be claimed, which demand or debt shall have wholly accrued after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred mand in the and ninety-five, within the quarter preceding such claim or de- time limited, mand, and the particulars thereof shall be delivered to the proper may sue for officer of his said royal highness, to be appointed for that purpose, within the time he rein-before limited, and the same shall not be months after paid, it shall be lawful for the creditor or creditors, at any time-delivery, within three calendar months after delivery of such particulars, but not afterwards, to sue and prosecute for the recovery of such debt or demand; in which action or suit the Treasurer, or other Treasurer to principal officer or officers of his said royal highness for the time being, to whom the particulars of the demand shall have been delivered, shall be made defendant, and the like proceedings shall be had in such abfion or suit as if the treasurer, or other principal officer or officers for the time being, were the real party therein; save and except, that notwithstanding the plaintiff may Judgement to obtain judgement, no execution shall blue against the person of f a the treasurer, or other principal officer or officers for the time being, nor against his or their proper esteels, but the judgement hands, shall be a charge upon the funds of his royal highness, which shall be in or come into the hands of the treasurer, or other principal officer or officers of his said royal highness for the time being, within two quarters after the quarter in which the debt or debts for which such abfion shall have been brought and judgement obtained shall have accrued; and such funds, whenever the same shall be in the hands of such treasurer, or other

principal

5IQ

Officer neglecting to prepare accounts, or to r r^i ° c .'w

apply monies re*u^e to prepare, make up, or transmit, any account or accounts,

as settled by or to audit and investigate the same, or to pay and apply the mo-this act, or nies in his hands for that purpose in the order and course to be montes^&c '^et^e<^ anc^ established by virtue of this act, or shall divert or mif-liable to da* aPPty fame> or any Part thereof, contrary to the directions of mages, which this act, or shall wilfully omit to insert in his quarterly account maybe sued the claim or claims of any creditor or creditors delivered within court at West time a^ow&<^ by this act, or shall wilfully prepare, make minster.* UP> or transmit, any false account, every such officer or other person, so offending against this act, in any of the particulars before mentioned* shall be liable to pay damages to the party grieyed; and that all damages incurred by any person or persons by virtue of this act shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, by action of debt, or on the case, in any of his Majesty's courts at Westminster, with full costs of suit, in which no essoign, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

CAP. CXXX.

An act for the better enabling his Majesty to make provision for a sure and certain jointure for her royal highness the princess of Wales, for the term of her life.

[June 27, 1795.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

7E, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the

commons of Great Britain^ in parliament assembled, being truly sensible how acceptable it will be to your Majesty, that a good, certain, and competent revenue be settled for supporting the honour and dignity of her royal highness the princess, in case (he shall survive her royal confort the most excellent prince George Augustus, your Majesty's most dearly beloved son; and considering the happiness which (by the blessing of Almighty God) the subjects of these kingdoms canpot fail to enjoy by a succession of princes derived from her; and well knowing that by an act, made in the first year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne (of blessed memory), for preserving the inheritance

Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 130. [1795.

principal officer or officers, shall be liable to the payment of the debt or damages^ and costs, recovered in such action or suit, in preference to all debts and demands, except such as shall have arisen in consequence of any prior judgement which shall have been obtained, as is herein-before directed, and a note or docquet of every judgement so obtained as aforesaid shall be entered by the creditor obtaining the said judgement in the office of the treasurer, or other principal officer or officers of his royal highness, within ten days after signing the same, in order to entitle him to the benefit of this act.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any officer of the establishment of his said royal highness, or other person entrusted with the management of his revenues, shall neo; le£i: or

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. i; o. 5TT

of several revenues of the crown, intituled An act for the better 1 Anne, c. 1. support of her Majesty's household, and of the honour and dignity of the crown, all grants thereof (other than {itch as are therein expressed) are declared to be void; do most humbly, chearfully, and unanimously, beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by- the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and His Majesty for the King's most excellent majesty, by any letters patent un- niicefs'of der the great seal of Great Britain, to give and grant unto her Wales'1 an an* said royal highness the princess of Wales, or to such person or nuity of persons as his Majesty shall think fit to be named in such letters 50.000l. from patent, and his or their heirs, to the use of or in trust for the said princess, one annuity or yearly sum of fifty thousand pounds of payi^quar-lawful money of Great Britain, which annuity or yearly sum of terly, charge-fifty thousand pounds, and every part thereof, shall commence able on the and takeeffedt immediately from and after the decease of his Ma- [^e^u, e^ jesty's said dearly beloved son, and continue from thenceforth for his Majesty's and during the natural life of the said princess, and shall be paid household. and payable on the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils the fifth day of July> and the tenth day of October, in every year, by even and equal portions; the first payment thereof to be made on such of the said days as shall first and next happen after the decease of his Majesty's said dearly beloved son, in case the said princess shall survive him as aforesaid; and that the said yearly.sum of fifty thousand pounds shall be ift'uing and payable out of, and be charged and chargeable upon, such revenues, rents, and duties, as are herein after specified; (that is to say), that so long as the revenues of the general letter office or poll: office, or office of postmaster general, the hereditary duties of excise, and other hereditary or temporary revenues, enumerated and expressed in an act, made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the support of his Majests householdy and 1 Geo. 3. c. 1. of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain, shall, by virtue of the said act, or any other act or acts of parliament now in force relating thereto, be carried to or made part of the consolidated fund, the said annuity of fifty thousand pounds, and every part thereof, shall be charged and chargeable upon the revenue, or yearly rent or rents, which shall be ift'uing and payable by virtue of the said acts, or any of them, out of the said consolidated fund, for the support of his Majesty's household, and of the honour and dignity of the crown, to his present Majesty, during his life (which God long preserve); and the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them, and the high treasurer and under treasurer of the exchequer for the time being,

shall and may, and they are hereby required to cause the said annuity to be issued from time to time, during his present Majesty's life, daily, weekly, or otherwise, for the uses and purposes by this act appointed, out of the revenue or yearly rent or rents

---

512 Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 130. [1795.

issuing and payable to his Majesty during his life, out of the consolidated fund as aforesaid, so as by the said daily, weekly, or other payments, one fourth part of such annuity of fifty thousand pounds be not exceeded in, for, or in respect of each quarter; and so that, upon every of the said quarterly days, the whole then due thereupon be completed, made up, or satisfied, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

[On the demise of his Majesty, the annuity to be chargeable upon the hereditary revenues enumerated in last mentioned act.]

II. And be it further enacted, That in the event of the demise of his present Majesty, the said annuity of fifty thousand pounds, and every part thereof, shall then and from thenceforth, during the life of the said princess, in case the said princess shall survive his said royal highness the prince, be charged and chargeable upon the said hereditary duties and revenues enumerated and expressed in the said act of the first year of his present Majesty's reign, and that the same shall be paid and payable by and from the immediate hands of all and every the commissioners, farmers, treasurers, receivers, and collectors, for the time being, of the said revenues respectively, without any fees or charges to be de manded or taken for paying the same, or any part thereof.

[Acquittance of the princess, &c. to be a discharge for the annuity, which shall be free from taxes.]

III. And be it further enacted, That the acquittance and acquittances of the said princess or her trustees, or of her royal highness's receiver general for the time being, shall be a good and sufficient discharge for the payment of the said annuity of fifty thousand pounds, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf; and that the said annuity or yearly lum of fifty thousand pounds, and every part thereof, shall be free and clear from all taxes, impositions, and other publick charges whatsoever.

[The princess may sue the commissioners, &c. of the revenues for the annuity.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the said commissioners, farmers, treasurers, receivers, and collectors, for the time being, of the said duties and revenues, or any of them, shall refuse or neglect to pay the said respective yearly sums, or any part thereof, to the said princess, her receiver general or trustees, after such time as the said annuity of fifty thousand pounds shall become or be chargeable out of the said duties and revenues, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, that then the said princess, or such trustees as aforesaid, may sue, prosecute, or implead, the said commissioners, farmers, treasurers, receivers, and collectors, or any of them, and all or any of their securities, heirs, executors, and administrators, by bill, plaint, or action of debt, and shall and may recover judgements, and sue out executions thereupon, against the said commissioners, farmers, treasurers, receivers, and collectors respectively, and their respective securities, heirs, executors, and administrators, for such sum and sums of money then due and owing upon the said annuities, amounting to fifty thousand pounds per annum, or any part thereof, as shall be in the hands of the said commissioners, farmers, treasurers, receivers, and collectors respectively, of the said respective duties or revenues, at the time when demand shall be made of the payment of the said yearly sum, or any part thereof.

1795.] Anno regni tricesimo quinto Georgii III. c. 131. 513

[His Majesty's letters patent for the annuity to be good, notwithstanding any restrictions in the last mentioned act.]

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the powers, precepts, directions, and clauses, to be contained in his Majesty's letters patent to be made as aforesaid, for the better and more certain payment and assurance of the said yearly sum of fifty thousand pounds per annum, shall be, and are hereby enacted to be good and effectual in the law, according to the tenor and purport of the said letters patent, to be expressed, notwithstanding any restriction, or other matter or thing contained in the said act of parliament, made in the first year of her late Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the better support of her Majesty's household, and of the honour and dignity of the crown, and any mis-recital, non-recital, omission, or other defect, in the said letters patent, in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid,

[Annuity to be paid without fee.]

That the said yearly sum of fifty thousand pounds shall be paid to her royal highness, or to her use, or for her benefit, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken by the officers of the exchequer, or any others, for payment thereof.

VII. And, in order to prevent any doubts which might arise respecting the right of her royal highness the princess of Wales, in the event of her surviving his royal highness the prince of Wales, to dower, or to any part of the personal estate of his royal highness, over and above the jointure hereby provided for her royal highness; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,

[Annuity to be in bar of dower.]

That the acceptance by her royal highness of the jointure herein provided shall be, and be deemed to be, a bar to any right or claim to dower, or to any part of the personal estate of his royal highness, in the event of her surviving his royal highness.

[Reservation of rights.]

VIII. Saving to all and every person and persons, bodies politick or corporate, their heirs, executors, adminstrators, and assigns, (other than the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, and other than to such person or persons who do or may stand seised or possessed in trust for his Majesty, his heirs and successors), all such right, title, interest, and demand whatsoever, which they, or any of them, have or may have, of, in, to, or out of, the revenues, rents, or duties aforesaid, or any part thereof respectively, before the making of this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if this act had not been made; this act, or any thing therein contained, to the contrary notwithstanding,

CAP. CXXXI.

An act for repairing the common sewer in New Bridge Street, Black Friars, in the city of London, or making a new sewer instead of the defective part or parts thereof, and for maintaining and cleansing the same.

[Index removed.]

END OF VOL. XL. PART I.

