THE

Statutes at large,

FROM THE

Thirty-ninth Year of Q. Elizabeth,

TO THE

Twelfth Year of K. CHARLES II. inclusive.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE containing the TITLES of all the STATUTES during that Period.

VOL. VII.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's Inn, Esq.

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOSEPH BENTHAM, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Cross-Keys, opposite St. Dunstan's Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1763.

CUM PRIVILEGIO.

A

TABLE of the STATUTES,

Containing the Titles of all such Acts as are extant in print, from the Thirty-ninth of Queen Elizabeth, to the Thirteenth Year of King Charles II.

Anno 39 Elizabethae Regina.

CAP. 1. Against the decaying of towns and houses of husbandry.

Cap. 2. For maintenance of husbandry and tillage.

Cap. 3. For relief of the poor.

Cap. 4. For punishment of rogues, vagabonds, and sturdy beggars.

Cap. 5. For erecting of hospitals, or abiding and working-houses for the poor.

Cap. 6. To reform deceits and breaches of trust touching lands given to charitable uses.

Cap. 7. For the more speedy payment of the Queen's majesty's debts, and for the better explanation of the act made in the thirteenth year of the Queen's majesty, intituled, An act to make the lands, tenements, goods and chattels of tellers, receivers, &c. liable to the payment of their debts.

Cap. 8. For the confirmation and establishment of the deprivation of divers bishops and deans in the beginning of her Majesty's reign.

Cap. 9. For the taking away of clergy from offenders against a certain Statute made in the third year of King Henry the Seventh, concerning the taking away of women against their wills unlawfully.

Cap. 10. For the increase of mariners and maintenance of navigation; repealing a statute made in the twenty-third year of her Majesty's reign, bearing the same title.

Cap. 11. For the better execution of the statute made in the twenty-third year of the Queen's majesty's reign, for the abolishing of logwood, alias blockwood, in the dying of doth, wool or yarn.

Cap. 12. For explanation of the statute made in the fifth year of her Majesty's reign, concerning labourers.

Cap. 13. An explanation of an act made in the eleventh year of King Henry the Seventh, for fustians.

Cap. 14. Prohibiting the bringing into this realm, of foreign cards for wool.

Cap. 15. That no person robbing any house in the day-time, although no person be therein, shall be admitted to have the benefit of his clergy.

Cap. 16. To restrain the excessive making of malt.

Cap. 17. Against lewd and wandering persons, pretending themselves to be soldiers or mariners.

Cap. 18. For the reviving, continuance, explanation, perfecting and repealing of divers statutes.

Cap. 19. For the amendment of highways in the counties of Sussex, Surrey and Kent.

Cap. 20. Against the deceitful stretching and tentering of Northern cloth.

Cap. 21. For the further continuance and explanation of an act for the necessary relief of soldiers and mariners, made in the thirty-fifth year of the Queen's majesty's reign that now is.

Cap. 22. For the establishing of the bishoprick of Norwich, and the possessions of the same, against a certain pretended, concealed, title thereunto.

Cap. 23. For the repairing Of the bridges of Newport and Carlion in the county of Monmouth.

Cap. 24. For the erecting and building of a bridge over the river of Wye, at Wilton upon Wye, near the town of Rosse, in the county of Hereford.

Cap. 25. For enlarging of the statute made for following hue and cry, in the twenty-seventh year of her Majesty's reign, in some sort to relieve the inhabitants of the small hundred of Beynersh, alias Benberst, in cases where they are in no voluntary default, and yet are or shall be charged by the same statute, and by the two ancient statutes, the one made the thirteenth year of King Edward the First, the other in the twenty-eighth year of King Edward the Third, for repressing of robberies.

Cap. 26. For confirmation of the subsidies granted by the clergy.

Cap. 27. For the grant of three entire subsidies, and six fifteens and tenths, granted by the temporalty.

Cap. 28. For the Queen's majesty's most gracious, general, and free pardon.

Private acts.

Anno 39 Elizabetha Regina.

1. An act concerning a lease of great yearly value, procured to be passed from her Majesty by William Kirkham the younger.

2. An act that the lord Mountjoye may dispose of his lands whereof he is tenant in tail, as other tenants in tail by the laws of the realm may do; a private statute 27 H. 8. notwithstanding.

3. An act for ratification of the hospital of Queen Elizabeth in Bristoll, for the better relief of the poor orphans there.

4. An act for the establishing of the new college at Cobham, for the poor in the county of Kent.

5. An act for the confirmation and better assurance of certain manors, lands, &c. given or intended to an hospital or meason dieu in Warwick, founded by the late earl of Leicester.

---

6. An act for the naturalizing of Hanybal Baskerville, William LnokOnor, Ottowell Hill, John William Heather, Hdene and George Shefpey.

7. An act for confirmation of the jointure of Christian lady wife of William lord

8. An act for establishing the town lands of Wanting in the county of Berks, to the relief of the poor.

9. An act for Arthure , her Majesty's ward, for hit enjoying of the rectory or parsonage of nooulton in the county of Devon for certain years.

10. An act for confirrnation of the jointure of the lady Varney, wife of sir Edmund Varney, knight.

11. An act for the better maintenance and well keeping of Staines bridge.

12. An act for the establishing of the lands given by. John will to the perpetual repair of highways at Ailesbury.

13. An act concerning the school at Sevenoeke in the county of Kent,

14. An act for establishing the pofieffions of fir Henry Union, knight, lately deceased, and for payment of his debts.

15. An act for establifluag of a jointure to Anne lady Wentworth, now wife of William Pope, esquire, and for the better enabling of the said William Pope to fell certain of his lands, for payment of his debts.

Anno 43 Elizabethae Regina.

Cap. 1. For confirmation of grants made to the Queen's majesty, and of letters patents made by her Highness to others.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Cap. 2. For the iphef of the poor.

Cap. 3. For the ooceflvy relief offol-dicra and mariners.

Cap. 4. To redress the mis-employment of lands, goodsds, and stocks of money heretofore given to charitable uses.

Cap. 5. To prevent petjury and fu-homation of perjury, and unnecef-hfy eypences in forts of law.

Cap. 6. To avqid trifling and frivolous huts in law, ip her Majesty's counts at Wff/fmiffltr.

Cap. 7. To avoid and prevent divers misdemeanors in lewd and idle persons.

Cap. 8. Against fraudulent admini-ttratkm of intestate's goods.

Cap. 9. For continuance of divers flntutes, and for repeal of same others.

Cap. 10. For the true working and making of woolen doth.

Cap. 11. For the.recovery of many hundred thousand acres of marffees, and other grounds, subject conv-onooly to Surrounding, within the isle of Ely, and the counties of Cambridge Huntingdon, Lincoln, Norfolk, Suffolk, Essex, Kent, and the county palatine of Durham.

Cap. 12. Concerning matters of assurances amongst merchants.

Cap. 13. For the more peaceable government of the parts of Cumberland, Northumberland, Wtjlmor- land, and the bishoprick of Durham.

Cap. 14. Concerning the assize of fuel.

Cap. 15. For the levying of fines with proclamations of lands within the county of the city of Chester.

Cap. 16. For the /^edifying, repairing and maintaining of two bridges over the river of, near the city of Carliflt in Cumberland.

Cap. 17. For the confirmation of the lubfidies granted by the clergy.

Cap. 18. For the grant of four entire. subsidies, and eight fifteens and tenths, granted by the temporally.

Cap. 19. The Queen's majesty's most gracious, gen^rid, and free pardon,

Private acts.

Anno 43 Elizabethae Regina.

1. An act for the perfecting of the jointure of the lady counters of Suffix, wife of Robert earl of Suffix.

2. An act for the afluripg of certain manors and lands, for part of a jointure of Lucy couatefc of Mid* fori.

3. An act for the denization of William Myllet, Anne Pope, George Cha/undeier, Peter Eaton, Nicholas Eaton, and Nicholas Tooley.

4. An act for the enabling of Edward Nevill of Berling in the county of Kent, and fir Henry Nevill, knight, his son and heir apparent, to dispose of certain copyhold lands, parcel of the manor of in Suffexr, and Aylcffy and Filoftgly in Warwick.

5. An act to confirm the assurance of the manors and farms of Sagbury and Obien, apd other lands in the county of Worcester, to Sandes, esquke, and John Harris, gentleman.

6. An act for augmentation of the jointure of Rachael, the wife of Edward NeviU of Berling in the county of Kent.

7. An act for the naturalizing of Jf- ftpb Expo und divers others, born beyond the seas.

8. An act for the alluring of the patronage of the vicarage of

/Ion in the county of and a

scholar's room in the cathedral, church of Chri/l in Oxon, (sc. by1 the dean and chapter of the said cathedral church, to Thoms Venables9esquire, and his heirs for even

9. An act for the ending and appealing of all controversies, between Frauds KetUly> of the one

A TABLE of the STATUTES

part, and Andrew Ketleby, and Jane his wife, on the other part, ro. An act to make the lands, tenements and hereditaments of Edward Lucas, gentleman, deceased, executor of the lad will and teda-ment of John Flowerdew, esquire,

1 deceased, liable to the payment of certain legacies given by the lad will of the said John Flowerdew, and to the payment of divers other debts: owing by the said Lucas in his lifetime.

Anno 2 [vulgo] i Jacobi.

Cap. 1. A most joyful and iud recognition of the immediate, lawful and undoubted succession, descent and right of the crown.

Cap. 2. Authorizing certain commissioners of England, to treat with of of Scotland, for the weal of both kingdoms.

Cap. 3. Againd the diminution of the possessions of archbishopricks and bishopricks, and avoiding of dilapidations of the same.

Cap. 4. For the due'execution of the statutes against1 jesuits, seminary prieds, recusants.

Cap. 5. To prevent the over-charge of the people by Rewards of court-leets and court-barons.

Cap. 6. For the explanation of the statute made in the fifth year of the late Queen Elizabeth's reign, concerning labourers.

Cap. 7. For the continuation and explanation of the statute made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of the iate Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act for punishment of rogues, vagabonds, and sturdy beggars.

Cap. 8. To take away the benefit of clergy from some kind of manslaughter.

Cap. 9. To redrain the inordinate haunting and tipling in inns, ale-houses, and victualling houses.

Cap. 10. For the better execution of justice.

Cap. 11. To restrain all persons from marriage, until their former wives and former husbands be dead.

Cap. 12. Against conjuration, witchcraft, an dealing with evil and wicked spirits.

Cap. 13. For new executions to be sued against any which shall hereafter be delivered out of execution by privilege of parliament, and for discharge of them, out of whose custody such persons shall be delivered.

Cap. 14. A remedy for a freeman of London to recover a debt not exceeding forty shillings owing to him by another inhabiting within the said city or the liberties 5 a penalty if the debtor do not appear before the of upon warning f or if the creditor dr debtor do not perform their order; , or if the creditor, being a freeman of London, do fueany other freemen out of the same city, for a debt under forty shillings.

Cap. 15. For the better relief of the creditors against such as shall become bankrupts.

Cap. 16. Concerning wherrymen and watermen.

Cap. 17. For the better execution of former laws touching the making of hats and felts, and for the more redraint of unskilful and deceivable workmanship therein used, to the wrong of all forts of the people of this realm.

Cap. 18. For avoiding of deceitful felling, buying or spending corrupt and unwholesome hops.

Cap. 19. For the well garbling of spices.

Cap. 20. For redress of certain abuses and deceits used in painting.

Cap. 21. Againd brokers.

Cap. 22. Concerning tanners, curriers, shoemakers, and other artificers occupying the cutting of leather.

Cap. 23. For the better preservation of the fishing in the counties of Somerset,

A TABLE of the STATUTES

aterfct, Devon, and Cornwall, and for the relief of balkers, condors and fishermen, against malicious fuito.

Cap. 24. Against the deceitful and false making of Mildernix and Powle Davies, whereof sail-cloths for the navy and other shipping are made.

Cap. 25. For continuing and reviving of divers statutes, and for repealing of some others.

Cap. 26. For the continuance and due observation of certain orders for the exchequer, first set down and established by virtue of a privy seal from the late Queen Elizabeth.

Cap. 27. For the better execution of the intent and meaning of former statutes, made against shooting in guns, and for the preservation of the game of pheasants and partrid-, and against the destroying of es with hare-pipes and tracing hares in the snow.

Cap. 28. A confirmation of the King's letters patents, bearing date ixWejl-. rnnjler 30 die Aprils, anno 2 Regis Jacobi, granted to the mayor, bailiffs, and burgpfles of the borough of Berwick upon Tweed, and of the franchises, liberties and customs of the said borough.

Cap. 29. To what Torts of flesh, licences to eat fled} in Lent shall not extend: lyhat fort of fieu} shall not be killed in Lent to be put to sale.

Cap. 30. The inhabitants of Melcomb-Regis, in the county of Dorset, within the diocese of Bristol, may at their own costs build a church upon the ground where the chapel pow standeth, and the grounds adjoining, convenient to receive the inhabitants of Radipol, and inclose the waste grounds adjoining, tq make a chqrch-yard for a place of burial after which church is budded, it shall be called the parochial church of Radipol; and the new parson of Radipol, and his succes-fpfs, shall be parsons thereof j s\n4

the old parish-church of Radipol shall be but a chapel of ease: and the patron of the old parish-church of Radipol shall he patron of the new. And a new rpansion-house in Melcomb-Regis assigned to the said parson and his successors for ever.

Cap. 31. For the charitable relief and ordering of persons infected with the plague.

Cap. 32. From the end of this session of parliament, during seven years, and no longer, there shall be paid by the master or owner of every ship, vessel or crayer (saving of time Regis in the county of Dorset) whereof any of the King's iub-jedls shall be owners or part-owners of the burden of twenty* tons or upwards, for every voyage loading or discharging within this realm, or to or from any foreign country beyond the seas, and passing to or from London, or from, to or by Dover, or coming into the harbour there, (not having a cocquet testifying his payment before) three pence for every ton of the burden of every such vessel, (sfc. except vef-. fels loaden with sea-coals or grind-. Hones; and for every chaldron of sea-coals or grind-stones, id. ob. _ which shall be paid to the customer, collector of customs or subsidies, or their deputies, bfcf Cap. 23. For a subsidy of tonnage and poundage.

Private Acts., t Anno 2 [vulgo] 1 Jacobi.

1. An act of confirmation of the jointure of the most high and mjghty Princess Anne, Queen of England, Scotland, France apd Ireland.

2. An act for an alignment of certain ."Turns of money for defraying of the

charges of the King's most honourable noulhold.

3. An act for restitution of Henry earl of Southampton.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

4. An act for the restitution of the foh and two daughters of Robert late earl of EJfix.

5. An act for the testitotion of only Ion of Philip late earl of rundHi

6; An act for the restitution blood of William Howard, youngdl son of Thomas late duke of Nirfolk, and of the children of the lady Margaret Sackvile, daughter of the said duke.

7. An act for the testitution of Wtl-liam Pagetty only <bn of Thomas late ford Pagett.

8. An act for the rfcftitution of Thomas Lucas, gentleman, in blood.

9. An act to secure Simp/on's debt, and lave harmless the warden of the fleet in fir Thomas Sherlefs case.

10. An act for the naturalizing of Lodovick duke of Lenoxy Henry lord of Obigtiejy his brother, and their children.

11. An act for the naturalizing of the right honourable Margaret counted of Nottingham.

12. An act for the naturalizing of John earl of Money his wife and children.

13. An act for the naturalizing of sir George Howtrie, knight, lord trea-filter of Scotland, his wife and children.

14. An act for confirmation of certain letters patents made iofrr George HowrtUy knight, lord treaforer of Scotland.

15. An act for the naturalizing of sir Edward Brutiy knight, lord of Kin-

hjfe, his wife and children, and for confirmation of letters patents made to him.

16. An act for the naturalizing of sir Thomas Arejkyn, knight, an d Alexander Arejhyh his son, and all other the children of the said iir Thomas, born in the kingdom of Scotland, or wheresoever within the King's majesty's dominions.

17. An act for confirmation of letters patents made to the right honourable Charles earl 6f Nottingham, lord admiral of England, Thomas earl of Suffolk, lord chamberlain of the King's houshold, sir John Levefik, and sir John Trevor, knights* fyr the use and benefit of the lady F^art-ees dowager of Kildare, and now Wife of Henry late lord Cobhatn, attainted.

18. An act for the naturalizing of dame Mary Aston, Wife to fir Rogir Afion, knight, and their children.

19. An act for the naturalizing of sir John Ramsey, knight.

20. An act for the naturalizing of sir James Hdy, knight.

21. An act for the naturalizing of John Gordon, dean of Sarum, his wife and children.

21. An act for the naturalizing of sir John Kennedy, knight.

23. An act for the naturalizing of sir John Driimnie, knight.

24. An act for the naturalizing of Adam Newton, esquire.

25. An act for restitution in blood of Thotttas Littleton, elddt son of John Littleton, late of Ftanckley in the County of fVorceJftr, esquire, deceased, John Littleton, second son of the hi& John Littleton deceased, and Edwat iLittleton, third son of the said John Littleton deceased, Bridget Littleton, Eldest daughter of the (kid John Littleton detected, Anne Littleton, second daughter of the said John Littleton deceased, and Jane Littleton, third daughter of the said John Littleton deceased.

26. An act for the naturalizing of William Browne, Arme Browne, and Barbara Browne, children of fir Wiliam Browne, knight, lieutenant-governor of his Majesty's caution-arie town of Ulijhinge.

27. An act for the enabling of Thomas Throgmorton, esquire, to make sale of certain lands for payment of his debts.

28. An act for the naturalizing of Thomas Glover, Margaret Mordant, Francis Collimore, Alexander Daniel!,

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Nicholas Gilpin*, and Jl&fy Copcote.

ig. An act for the sale of certain lands of fir Thomas Rawfe, knight, lor the payment of his debts.

30. An act for the quiet establishing and settling of the lands and poi-sessions late of fir Georg* Rodney, knight, deceased.

31. An act for the alluring of certain lands and tenements to the dean and canons of Windfir, and of assuring a lease of the prebend of Bedujin in the county of Wilts to Edward earl of Hertford.

32. An act for Henry Jemegan the younger, for the sale of the manor of Pages in Raveningham and He-ringfleetealias St. (Haves in the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, for the payment of his debts.

33. An act for the jointure of the wife of Martin Calthrope, gentleman.

34. An act for the relief of Thomas Lovell, esquire.

35. An act for explanation of a former act made in the 43d year of the reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, Intituled, An act for the enabling of Edward Nevile f Birling in the county of Kent, and fir Henry Nevile, blight, his fin and heir <spta-renty to dispofi of certain copyhold lands, parcel of the manor ffather-field in the county of Sussex, and of the manors f AJtefley and fijpqley in the county^Warwick.

36. An act to enable John Tcbols, gentleman, to make his wife a jointure of certain of his lands, and to fell some part for preferment of his younger children.

37. An act for the naturalizing of Katherine Vincent, Elizabeth Vincent, Sufama Vincent, fiester Vincent, and Mary Vincent.

38. An act for the naturalizing of Vi ft or Chfluntreiy Peter Marl iny Men-tia Van Urzelly wife of George Aid-riche, esquire, Sabina Aldriche, Edward, and Pefigrjnf Aldriche, her children.

Anno 3 Jacobi.

Cap. 1. For a publick thanksgiving to Almighty God every year on the fifth day of November.

Cap. 2. For the attainder of divers offenders in the late most barbarous, monstrolls, detestable and damnable treasons.

Cap. 3. For explaining an act made in the first session of this parliament, intituled, An act authorizing certain of of the realm if England, to treat with the of of Scotland, for the weal of both kingdoms.

Cap. 4. For the better discovering and repressing of popish recufajits.

Cap. 5. To prevent and avoid dangers which may grow by popish recusants.

Cap. 6. To enable all his Majesty's loving subjects of Englandznd Wales, to trade freely into the dominions of Spain, Portugal and Prance.

Cap. 7. To resprm the multitudes and misdemeanors of attornies and fol-licitors at law, and to avoid unnecessary suits and charges in law.

Cap. 8. To avoid imnecessary delays of executions.

Cap. 9. For the relief of such as lawfully use the trade and handicraft offinnnen.

Cap. 10. For the rating and levying of the charges for conveying malefactors and offenders to the gaol.

Cap. 11. For tnuifportation of beer over the seas.

Cap. 12. For the better preservation of seafish.

Cap. 13. Against unlawful hunting, stealing of deer and conies.

Cap. 14. For explanation of the statute of sewers.

Cap. 15. For the recovering of small debts, and for the relieving of poor debtors in London.

Cap. 16. For the repeal of one act made in the fourteenth year of

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Queen Elizabeth's reign, concerning the length of kersies.

Cap. 17. Concerning IPelJh cottons.

Cap. 18. For the bringing in of a fresh dream of running water to thp north part of the city of London.

Cap. 19. For the repairing and maintaining of the highway leading from Kindlon to Nonjuch.

Cap. 20. For making passage from London to Oxford by water.

Cap. 21. To restrain the abuses of players.

Cap. 22. For the paving of Drury-Lanex and the town of St. Giles's in the fields, in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 23. For the making up and keeping in reparation of Chepstow-bridge.

Cap. 24. For making a bridge over the river of Severn, in the county of Worcester.

Cap. 25. For confirmation of four subsidies, of four shillings in the pound, granted to the King by the clergy.

Cap. 26. For three intire subsidies, and fix fifteens, granted to the King by the temporally.

Cap. 27. For a confirmation of the King's general and free pardon.

Private Acts.

Anno 3 Jacobi.

1. An act for the alluring of certain small parcels of ground to Robert earl or Sattsbury and his heirs, for the inlargement and commodious use of his manfiori house in the Strondy now called Salisbury house, and for recompence to be given for the same.

2. An act for the assurance of the jointure of the right honourable Frances countess of E[fex\' wife of the right honourable Robert earl of Essex.

3. An act for the president and scholars of Cot'pus Christi college in the university of Oxford.

4. An act for the better fate of certain lands of Henry late lord Windsor, deceased, for payment of his debts, and better performance of his last will and testament.

5. An act for the establishing of the possessions and inheritance of Ed- mund late lord Chandos of SudeUy, deceased.

6. An act to establish in the crown the lands and possessions of Henry late lord Cobbam, and George Brooke, esquire, attainted of high treafoii, with a confirmation of grants made by his Majesty.

7. An act for the confirmation of certain leases and estates made by the right honourable Robert lord Speneer, and by his late father deceased, and his mother now living.

8. An act for the restoring and enabling of Henry lord Danvers, as son and heir to sir John Danvers, knight, deceased, notwithstanding the attainder and corruption of blood of fir Charles Danvers, knight, deceased, elder brother of the said lord Danvers.

9. An act for the confirmation of the King's majesty's letters patents made to the provost and scholars of Oriel college in Oxford.

10. An act for confirmation of letters patents made to the governors of the free grammar school at Saint Bees, in the county of Cumberland.

11. An act to enable fir Christopher Hatton, knight, to dispose of certain lands, tenements and hereditaments, notwithstanding a limitation or clause of perpetuity annexed to his estate.

12. An act to aflilre and confirm the sale of certain lands lying within the county of Middlesex, to Thomas Lake, knight, and dame Mary, his wife.

13. An act for sale of certain lands of fir Jonathan Trelawny, knight, deceased, for payment of his debts.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

14. An act for assuring of the jointure of dame Elionor Cave, wife of fir Thomas Cave of Standforde, in the county of Northampton, knight.

15. An act for enabling of Ho-thorn, esquire, the father, and John Hotham his son, to convey certain lands for a jointure of fuen wife as John the son shall marry.

16. An act for the settling of the ma*nor of Rye in the counties of Glou-teller and Worctfier, upon William Throckmorton, esquire, and his heirs, according to a feoffment thereof made by Charles late earl of Devonshire.

17. An act for the more speedy sale of certain lands of fir Thomas Rowfe, knight, for payment of his debts.

18. An act for assurance of certain lands late sir John Skinner's, knight, to sir William Smith and fir Michael Hiekes, knights.

19. An act for the relief of John Roger, gentleman, against Robert Taylor, Paul Taylor, and William Taylor, for defrauding of a trust reposed in Thomas Taylor their father, and decreed against them in the high court of chancery.

20. An act for the assurance of the lands of Walter Waljh, esquire.

21. An act for fade of certain lands of Edvbard Downes, esquire, for payment of his debts".

22. An act for the naturalizing of sir David Foulis, knight, and for confirmation of letters patents by his most excellent Majesty to him made.

23. An act for the naturalizing of the children of fir Edward Conway, knight, lieutenant governor of the King's majesty's cautionary town of the Brill.

24. An act for the naturalizing of sir James Arejkyn, knight, his wife fend children.

25. An act for the naturalizing of sir David Murray, knight, gentleman of the Prince his bedchamber, and Thomas Murray, esquire, schoolmaster to the duke of York.

26. An act for the naturalizing of Darnel Godfrey of the parish of Saint Buttolphes without Aldgate, gentleman.

27. An act for the restitution in blood of John Holland son of Brian Holland, and Thomas Holland son of the said John Holland.

28. An act for restitution of Rowlande Mericfe, son of fir Gettey Mericke, knight, and dame Margaret, wife of fix John Vaughan, knight, daughter of the said fir Gettey, in blood.

29. An act for the performance and execution of a decree in the chancery, made between William leGris, plaintiff, and Robert Cottrell, defendant.

Anno Jacobi*

Cap. 1. For the utter abolition of all memory of hostility, and the dependance thereof, between England and Scotland, and for the reprefiing of occasions of disorders, and disorders in time to come.

Cap. 2. For the true making of woolen cloth.

Cap. 3. To give costs to the defendant upon a nonsuit of the plaintiff, or verdict against him.

Cap. 4. To restrain the utterance of beer and ale to alehouse-keepers and tiplers not licenced.

Cap. 5. For reprefiing the odious and loathfom fin of drgnkenness.

Cap. 6. For repealing so much of one branch of a statute made in the first

Irear of his Majesty's reign, intituled, An act concerning tanners, curri* ers, shoemakers, and other artificers occupying the cutting of leather, as concerned! the sealing of sheep-skins, and to avoid felling of tanned leather by weight.

Cap. 7. For the founding and incorporating of ^free grammar-school

A TABLE of the STATUTES

in the town of in the county of Glmutfitr.

Cap. 8. Touching the drowned mar (foes of Lefnes and Fonts in the county of Kent.

Cap. 9. To explain a former act made in the last session of this parliament, intituled, An act to enable all his Majesty's laving subjects of England and Wales, to trade freely into the dominions of Spain, Portugal and France.

Cap. 10. For confirmation of same part of a charter granted by King Henry the Sixth to the mayor, bailiffs and burgtffes of the town of Southampton, and for the relief of the said town.

Cap. 11. For the better jprovision of meadow and pasture, for necessary maintenance of husbandry and tillage in the manors, lordships and parishes of M&den, alias Mawar-deny Bodenham, Wellington, Sutton St. Michael, Sutton St. Nicholas, Murtok upon Lug) and the parish of Pipe, and every of them, in the county of Hereford.

Cap. 12. For explanation of a statute made in the third year gf the reign of King James* intituled, An act for the bringing in of a firefb Jlream of running water to the north parts of the city of London.

Cap. 13. For the draining of certain fens and low grounds in the isle of Ely* subject to hurt by surrounding, containing about six thousand acres, compaffedabout with certain banks, commonly called and named the ring of Wdderfey and Cooldham,

Private Acts.

Anno Jacobi.

1. An act for the assurance of the house of Tbeobaldiy and divers manors and other Jands, to the Queen's majesty for term of her life, and of the same house, manors and lands, with other manors and landsi to the King's po{t excellent Majesty, his foeirs

and successors, and for the assurance of other manors and lands to the earl of Salisbury and his heirs.

2. An act for the enabling of John Goode, esquire, to convey unto his Majesty a small portion of land during a term of years.

3. An act for the establishment acid assurance of divers of the possessions and hereditaments of Ferainando late earl of Derby.

4. An act whereby Riehard Sackvile9 esquire, is enabled to make a surrender unto the King's majesty of the offices of chiefe butler of England and Wales* notwithstanding his minority of years.

5. An act for the assuring of the advowson of the vicarage of CheJIhunt to Robert earl of Salisbury and his heirs, and of the advowson of the redory of Orfet to Richard bishop of London and his successors.

6. An act for confirmation of an agreement betwixt EdwardloxABruce and Michael Doyly and others, for the lands late of William Ibgrave deceased.

7. An act for confirmation of the King's majesty's letters patents made to Robert Bathurjly esquire, of the manor and borough of Loch-lad in the county of Gloucester.

8. An act for the confirmation of the King's majesty's letters patents made to William Boureher* esquire, of the manor of Bardijley in the county of Gloucester.

9. An act for confirmation of certain lands to the warden and college of the fouls of all faithful people deceased of Uxon* and of other lands to sir William Smith, knight.

10. An act for securing and confirm* ing of the lands, tenements and rents heretofore granted, devised or conveyed to several companies within the city of London* and to the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London.

11. act for farther assurance to

A TABLE of the STATUTES

the purchasefj of certain fends late fir Jonathan Tnkrumtfo, knight, deceased, appointed by act of parliament to be sold for payment of his debts.

12. An act for rtftitufibn ifi blood of the Tons and daughters of Edward fPmdfor.

13. An act for the better enabling of John Evelyn, esquire, to make sale of certain lands for the payment Of his debts.

14. An act for the assignment of a' jointure to such wife as John Thottp-

fm, ton and heir of Robert Thtmp-fm a hinatkk, shall marry, and for present maintenance of the said y»hn.

15'. An act for the sale of the lands of FPUEam Waller, esquire, to perform a decree in chancoty, for the payment of 504 /. 10 s.

16. An act for the naturalizing of John Steward, esquire, brother and heir apparent to carl of Orkney.

17. An act for the naturalizing of Peter Bare, alias Baron), doctor of physick, and Maty his wife.

18. An act for the naturalizing of James DefmaiJlres of the parish of St. Buttolphes without, and Mary his Wife.

19. An act for the naturalizing of Fabian Smith.

20. An act for the naturalizing of John Ramsden.

Anno 7 Jacobi.

Cap. 1. For the better execution of justice, and suppressing of criminal offenders, in the north parts Of the kingdom of England.

Cap. i. That all such as are to be naturalized or restored in blood, shall first receive the sacramertt of the Lord's supper, and the oath of allegiance and the oath of fupTe-macy.

Cap. 5. For the continuing and better maintenance of bulbandry and other Manual occupations, tty the true impkoytnent of monies given and to be given for the binding oat of apprentices.

Cap. 4. For the due execution of divers laws and statutes heretofore made against rogues, vagabonds, and sturdy beggars, and other lewd and idle persons.

Cap. 5. For ease in pleading trouble- some and contentious fitits prosecuted against justices of the peace, mayors, constablesy and certain other his Majesty's officers, for the lawful execution of their office.

Cap. 6. For administring the oath of allegiance and reformation of married women rcoolants.

Cap. 7. For the punishing and correcting of deceit and frauds committed by fetters, kembers, and spinsters of wool, and weavers of woolenyarn.

Cap. 8. To inlaige an act of pariia-meftt made In the second and third year of King Philip and Queen Mary, intituled, An act for keeping of tnikb kine, or breeding and rearing of cahes.

Cap. 9. For the bringing of fresh streams of water by engine from Hackney Marsh to the city of London, for the benefit of the King's college at Chelsea.

Cap. 10. For reformation of alehouse-keepers.

Cap. 11. To prevent the spoil of corn and grain by untimely hawking, and for the better preservation of pheafents and partridges.

Cap. 12. To avoid the double payment of debts.

Cap. 13. For the explanation of one statute nude in the second session of this present parliament, intituled, An all against unlawful andft eating of deer and conies.

Cap. 14. For reviving of part of a former act made in the fourth vear of King Edward the Fourth, That

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

no stranger or alien shall buy English horns unwrought, and that the wardens of the horners of the city of London for the time being, IhouM have power to search all manner of wares appertaining to their mystery in London and twentyrfour miles.on every side of it.

Cap. 15. Concerning some manner of assignment of debts to his Majesty.

Cap. 16. For the encouragement of many poor people in Cumberland and Wesimorlandy and in the towns and parishes of Carptmelly Oxhead and jBrougbton, in the county of Laruafiery to continue a trade of making cogware, kendals, carpt-meals and coarse cottons.

Cap. 17. To prevent burning of ling, heath, &c. in certain counties in fuxnmer.

Cap. 18. For the taking, landing, and carrying of sea-sand for the bettering of ground, and for the increase of com and tillage, within the counties of Devon and Cornwall.

Cap. 19. For the continuance and reparation of a new built wear upon the river of Exe, near unto the city of Exeter.

Cap. 20. For the speedy recovery of many thousand acres of marsh ground and other ground within the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, lately surrounded by the rage of the sea in divers parts of the said counties, and for the prevention of the danger of the like furrpupd ing hereafter.

Cap. 21. For confirmation of decrees hereafter to be made in the exche-r quer-chamber and' duchy-court, concerning copyhold lands and tenements.

Cap. 22. For confirmation of a subsidy granted by the clergy to the King.

Cap. 23. For one subsidy and one fifteen granted to the King by the tempqralty.

Cap. 24. For a confirmation of the King's general and free pardon.

Private ABs.

Anno 7 Jacobi.

1. An act for confirmation of feve« ral decrees made in the court of exchequer chamber, and duchy chamber, between the King's majesty and divers copyholders of his Majesty's manor of Wakefield in the county of York.

2. An act for confirmation of a decree made in the court of exchequer chamber, between the King's majesty and the copyholders of his Majesty's manor olEdelmeton* alias Edmonton, in the county of Middlesex.

3. An act for the perfeA creation and confirmation of certain copyhold lands in the honour, castle, manor or lordship of Ctitberowe, or in the several manors or lordships of Derby> Accarington, Colne and Ightenbilly in the county of Lancaster.

4. An act for the alluring and estabr lishing of the isle of Man.

5. An act for the explanation of a proviso or branch of a statute contained in an aS of parliament made in the years of the reign of our sovereign lord King James y of England, France and Ireland the Fourth, and of Scotland the Fortieth, intituled, An act for the establishment and assurance of divers of the possessions and hereditaments of Ferdinan-do late earl of Derby.

6. An act for the assurance of certain lands and rent to the bishop of Du-refme and his successors, and of certain other lands to Robert earl of Salisbury and his heirs.

7. An act for the naturalizing of sir Robert Karrey knight.

8. An act for the naturalizing of mistress Jane Drummondy gentlewoman of the Queen's majesty's bedchamber.

9. An act for the sale of th? manor of

Bretts

A TABLE of the STATUTES

llretts and farm of Plafiowe in the County of Essex, parcel of the possessions of Henry earl of Oxen ford, towards the repurchasing of the castle, manor and parks of Henning -ham in the same county, being the ancient inheritance and chief man-fion house of the earls of Oxenford.

10. An act for the alluring of the farm and demeines of Darner-bam and other lands in WiUshire, according to his Majesty's grant, and a former grant made by King Edward the Sixth.

11. An act for the'foundation of an hospital, a grammar school, and maintenance of a preacher, in the town of Thetford, for ever according to the last will and testament of Richard FuUmarston, knight. 1

12. An act for the naturalizing of John Murray, John Levingfion, and John Aucbmothy, grooms of his Majesty's bedchamber, and Richard Murray, warden of Manchester.

13. An act for the naturalizing of Levinus Munke, one of the clerks of his Majesty's signet.

14. An act for the confirming and establishing of a decree made in the high court of chancery, for and on the behalf of nine poor children and orphans of William Elrington and Edward Elrington, against Edward Cage, executor of the last will and testament of Rowland Elrington, brother of the said Edward and William Elrington, and uncle of the said children, and for the extending of the lands and goods of the said Edward Cage, for the speedy execution and performance of the said decree, and the payment and satisfaction of the Turns of money thereby decreed to the said children.

15. An act for the naturalizing of Robert Browne, his Majesty's servant in ordinary.

16. An act for confirmation of certain fines levied by John Arundtll of

Guarnack, esquire*, to John Armdetl of Treriji, esquire, aeceased, and for settling of the manors, lands*tenements and hereditaments comprised in the said fines, upon John Arundell, esquire, and his heirs, foil of the said John Arundell, deceased.

17. An act to enable Edward Nevill, lord Bergavenny, and fir Henry Ne* viU\ knight, his eldest Ton, to alien certain lands, for payment of their debts, and advancement of their daughters and younger Tons, and for better assurance of other lands lately purchased by the said lord from his Majesty.

18. An act for th^ restitution in blood of the son and two daughters* of George Brooke, late attainted of high treason.

19. An act for the disuniting of the parsonages of AJbe and Deane within the county of Southampton, being pre- Tentative and with the cure of fouls.

20. An act for the naturalizing of

Henry Gibb, groom of the bed- chamber to the most excellent prince Henry prince of Wales.

21. An adforine of part of the lands of William Effexof Lamborne in the county of Berks, esquire, for the payment of his debts, and settling the residue upon himself and his posterity.

22. An act for the relief of John Hol-dich, gentleman, disinherited by the extraordinary amending of the errors of a fine.

23. An act for the naturalizing of sir George Ramfty, knight, equerry of the most excellent prince Henry, Walter Alexander, gentleman usher of the said prince Henry, and John Sandilandis, groom of the said prince his bedchamber.

24. An act for the naturalizing of Peter Vanloore of Fanchurch-JIreet, London, merchant.

25. An act for the securing and confirming of certain lands and tenements, heretofore granted, devised

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

or conveyed to the companies of Boyle, citizen and mercer of London. falters and brewers of London.

32. An act for the enabling of

26. An act for the uniting and annex- c(quire, to make foie

- ing of ebe parfenage and decayed of certain lands for the payment of pprish of From Whitfield, in $he his debts, and the advancement of

county of Derfet, to the ©arsonage his younger ions and daughters,

and parish or the Holy Trinity in 33. An act for the naturalizing of Donoester, in the said county. Richard Bledwell, John BLuhueil, and

*7. An act to confirm and enable the Robert Bladwell, the fens of enedaon and establishment of an n Eaglifiansn, George IIIef-

hospital, a free grammar school, den and Hafden the ions, and

and (undry other godly and ehari- Martin Hafden the wife of John

table, acts and uses, done and in- Hafden, an Englfibman, Elizabeth

tended to be -done and performed Cradeck and Ana* Cradeek, the

by Thomas Sutton, esquwe. daughters of WtBan Cradeek an

28. An act for mailing void of certain'Englishmen Jane alias Janekyn

conveyances, and the estates limits fines, and Elizabeth Van Biucbton. ed thereby, unduly gotten from fir 34. An act for the confirmation the Homy Cnfie, knight, wfaereby he is side and conveyance of divers tea-defrauded of the inheritance of di- nos, lord ships, liberties, and other

vers manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, late heKditaments lying in >the county s, esquire, nude by fir Thomas

of Kent, and for the establishing of Mime, knight, Christopher Hirne, the inheritance of the same in the gentleman, and Clement Hirne, said fir Henry Crdfpt and his heirs. esquire, untofir

29. An act for the enabling of the af- knight, and dame Bridget his wife, farance of certain lands conveyed

35. An act for the naturalizing of

for the portions of three of the Mounfy.

daughters of Jobit Wentworth, e- 36. Anad for the naturalizing of Jo-squire, and for the confirmation of certain other estates for life in other daughter of Matthew Greensmith, lands, and to enable sir John Went- citizen and grocer of London, worth, knight, to.fell certain lands 37. An act for confirmation of three for the payment of his debts. several writings indented, purport -

30. An act for the enabling of Regi- ing and letting forth the revocations

naId Rous of Badlingham in the conn- of three several conveyances or af-

ty of Suffolk, genrleman, to make finances made by fir Robert Drury, sale of the third part of the manor knight, unto divers persons, upon of BadingbambaUveith the appurte-

certain other lands and tenements Margaret Clarke, wife of Robert with the appurtenances in Bading- Clarke, gentleman. bam, Tymington, and LittleGlemham, 39. An act for the amending of a writ

in the said county of Suffolk, to Re- of entry whereupon a common re-

ginald Rous of the Inner Temple, Lon- covery was had of the inheritance

don, esquire, nephew to the said Re- of fir Byron, knight, within

ginald Rous of Badinglsam. the county palatine of

31. An act for the naturalizing of 40. An act for the naturalizing the Edward Palmer, and Henry Painter, right reverend father in God George

forts of William Palmer of Ulishing, Montgomery, lord bishop of Derry

and of Mitbael B oyle, the (on of James in and

nances, and of the third part of

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

sir High Montgomery, knight, and Hugh and James Montgomery, chfl-dren of the said fir Hugh Montgomery.

41. An act for the naturalizing of Martinus Schonerus, ordinary physician to the Queen's majesty, Dorothy Seelkyn, and EngeUa Scttkyn, two maids of the Queen's majesty's bedchamber, Katherine Bermeken, fer-vaftt to the Queen's majesty, Wotfang Rambler, apothecary in or-dmaiy to the King and Queen's majesty, and Ama de Lobell alias Wolfang Rambler, his wife.

42. An act to tnake one writing indented, bearing date the ninth day of March in the first year of his Majesty's reign of England* made by Christopher Smith, esquire, and MiUicent Smith his son and heir apparent, purporting a revocation of the uses and estates of the manor of Water Newton in the county of Huntingdon, and of divers lands, tenements and hereditaments in the said writing of revocation mentioned, to have the foil force and power of a perfect deed of revocation, according to the purport of the said writing, and according to the true intent and meaning of the parties thereunto, whereby the said ARlli-. cent Smith may be enabled to make sale for the payment of his debts.

Anno 18 Jacobi.

Cap. r. For three intire subsidies granted by the fp'nitualty.

Cap. 2. For two intire subsidies granted by the temporalty.

Private Acts.

Anno 18 Jacobi.

I. An act containing the censure given in parliament against fir Qyles Mompeffon, fir Francis Mitckelly Francis viscount Saint Athane* lord chancellor of England, and Edward Flood.

Anno 21 Jacobi.

Cap. 1. For the reviving and making perpetual of one act made In the nine and thirtieth year of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act for erecting rf hospital, and abiding and working-houses for the poor.

Cap. 2. For the general quiet of the subjects against all pretence of concealment whatsoever.

Cap. 3. Concerning monopolies and dispensations with penal laws, and the forfeitures thereof.

Cap. 4. For the ease of the subject, concerning informations upon penal statutes.

Cap. 5. That sheriffs, their heirs, executors and administrators, having a Quietus eft* shall be absolutely discharged of their accounts.

Cap. 6. Concerning women convicted of small Felonies.

Cap. 7. For the better vtprefitng 6f orunkenness, and restraining the inordinate haunting of inns, ale-houses and other victualling-house*.

Cap. 8. To prevent the abides in pro-

coring procefe and supersedeas or the peace and good behaviour, out of his Majesty's courts at Westminster, and to prevent the abuses in procuring writs of certiorari out of the said courts, for the removing of indictmentsfbund before justices of the peace in their general sessions.

Cap. 9. For yhe free trade and traffick of Welsh clothe cottons, frizes, linings and plains, in and through the kingdom of England and dominion or Wales.

Cap. 10. For fepeal of one branch of the statute made in the session of parliament holden by prorogation at Westminster the 22d day of January in the 34th year of the reign of long Henry the Eighth, intituled, An act for certain ordinances in the Kings j&nr/ly's dominion a.id principality of Wajes.

Cap. 11. For confirming a judgnetit

A TABLE of the STATUTES

given in chancery for the revoking and annulling of certain letters patents granted to Henry Herony for the sole privilege of faking, drying, and packing of iifh within the counties of Drjon and Cornwall

Cap. 12. To enlarge and make perpetual the act made for eafein pleacting, against troublesome and contentious suits prosecuted against ju-slices of the peace, mayors, constables, and certain other his Majesty's officers, for die lawful execution of their office, made in the seventh year of his Majesty's most happy feign.

Cap. 13. For the further reformation of jeofails.

Cap. 14.. To admit the subject to plead the general issue in informations of intnifions brought on the behalf of the King's majesty, and retain his possession till trial.

Cap. 15. To enablejudges and justices of the peace, to give restitution of possession in certain cases. '

Cap. 16. For limitation of actions, and for avoiding of suits in law.

Cap. 17. Against ufuiy.

Cap. 18. For continuance of a former act made in the fourth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the trut making of woollen cloths, and for some additions and alterations in and to the same.

Cap. 19. For die further description of a bankrupt, and relief of creditors against such as shall become bankrupts, and for inflicting corporal punishment upon the bankrupts in some special cases.

Cap. 20. To prevent and reform profane swearing and curling.

Cap. 21. Concerning hoftlers and innholders.

Cap. 22. For the explanation of the statutes made in the 3d, 4th, and 5th years of King Edward the Sixth, concerning the traders of butter and cheese.

Cap. 23. For avoiding of vexatious delays, caused by removing actions and suits out of inferior courts.

Cap. 24. For the relief of creditors against such persons as die in execution.

Cap. 25. For the relief of patentees, tenants and farmers of crown-lands and duchy-lands, or of lands within the survey of the court of wards and liveries, in cases of forfeiture for not payment of their rents, or other service or duty.

Cap. 26. Against such as shall levy any fine, mffer any recovery, knowledge any statute, recognizance, bail or judgment, in the name of any other person or persons not being privy and conferlting thereto, tap.

Cap. 27. To prevent the destroying and numbering of bastard children.

Cap. 28. For continuing and reviving of divers statutes, and repeal of divers others.

Cap. 29. To enable the most excellent prince Charles, to make leases of lands, parcel of his highness duchy of Cornwall, or annexed.to the same.

Cap. 30. For a messuage, called York-housej and other tenements belonging. to the archbishop of York> assuredtothe King's majesty and his successors, in exchange of several manors, i$c. in the county of York, given to Toby, archbishop of York, and his successors.

Cap. 21. For incorporating the makers of knives and other cutlery wares in Hallamshire in the county of York.

Cap. 32. For making the river of T?^-mes navigable for barges, boats and lighters, from the village of Bercoty in the county of Oxon, unto the university and city of Oxon.

Cap. 33. For four intire subsidies granted by the spiritualty.

Cap. 34. For three intire subsidies, and three fifteens and tenths granted by the temporalty.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Cap. 35. Acoitffrmatiofr of the King's general ttad1 free pardon.

Private Anno21 Jacobi.

1. An act for the confirmation of

Wadham college in Oxford, and the possessions thereof.

2. An act for the naturalizing of Philip Burlematchi of London, merchant.

31. An act for the naturalizing of Gil/X Vandeput of London, merchant.

4. An act to enable William earl of Hertford, and fir Francis StyWotir, knight, brother Of the said ear), to convey certain lands for payment of his debts, and for establishing of other lands in lieu thereof, and of better value.

5. An act for the naturalizing of sir Robert Anjlrother, knight, ohe of the gentlemen of his Majesty's y privy-chamber, 'fir George Aber-

tromy, knight, late gentleman of the robes to the late Queen Anne of worthy memory, and John Cragge, doctor of physick, physician to the high and mighty pnnce Charles, your Majesty VdearelV son.

6. An act for confirmation of tKe co-

pyhold estates and customs of divers copyholders of the manors of Stepney and Hackruy, according to

certain indentures of agreement, and a decree in the high court of chancery, made between the lord of the said manors and the copy-holders.

7. An act for confirmation of the assurance of certain lands sold by fir Thomas Beamond, knight and baronet, lord viscount Beaumond of Swoords in the kingdom of Ireland, and dame Elizabeth his wife, unto fir Thomas Chech, knight., '

8. An act for erecting a free fcnool,

an almshouse, and an house of correction within the county of ' Lincoln.

Vol. VII.

9. An act to enable Martin Calthtrpl, Cfqtiire, to tiuke sale of cei^n lands for preferment of hisyoubg-er children, and payment of ius'itebt's.

zb. An act for the settling add alluring of the manor of and

other lands of fir Edward knight.'.

n. An act for the naturalizing of E-. lizabeth Peers and Mary Peers, daughters of fit Horace Veete, knight.

An act to enable dame Alict Dudley wife , 6f fir Robert DkdJey,

knight, to allure her dilate in the manor of Killingworth, and other lands in the county of Warwick, for valuable considerition, to the prince's highness and his heirs.

13. An act for confirmation of an exchange of lands between the most excellent prince Charles and fu\ Lewis Watson, knight and barb-

: net.

14. An act for the settling of Certain

manors and lands of the right honourable Anthony viscount Mounta-gut, towards the payment Of his debts and raising of his daughters portions..'

15. An act to enable fir Bichard Lum-

ley, knight, to fell divers manors and lands for the payment of his debts, and preferment of hisyoung-er children.

16. An act for the confirmation ojf a decree in chajiceiy, made by the consent of the lord of the manor df

Painswick in the county of Gioic- , 'eester, and the customary tenants Of the same manor.

17. An act for the naturalizing of fir* Francis Stewart, knight, Walter Stewart, yarns Maxwell, William Carr, and James Levingfom, esquires.

18. An act for the naturalizing of John Tiituge doctor of divinity, ahd

aeari of "the cathedral church of IVimheJlir'.

b ' ig. An

[Pages missing?]

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. i. (2.) For the further reformation of sundry abuses committed on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday.

Cap. 2. (3.) To restrain the parting or fending of any to be pophhly bred beyond the leas.

Cap. 3. (4.) For. the better suppreffipgof ualicensed alehouse-keepers. x Cap. v (>)For repeal and continuance ofdivers statutes.,

Cap. 5. (6.) For confirming a lafe.composition made with the tenants of Bromfield and Tale in the county of Denbigh*

Cap. 6. (7 J. For five subsidies granted.by the spiritualty.

Cap. 7. (8.) For five subsidies granted by the temporally*

Private Acts.

Anno 3 Carols.

X, An act for the dffablishing and confirming of the foundation of the ' hospital of King James, founded in Charterhouse in the county of Middlesex, at the humble petition and* only costs and charges of Thomas Sutton, esquire, and of the possessions thereof.

2. An act for assurance of a jointure to dame Frames wife of fir Thomas Nevill, knight, son and heir apparent of fir Henry Nevill, knight, lord Abergavenny; and to enable the same lord and fir Thomas to Tell certain lands for payment of tK$ir debts, and preferment of th$ir younger children.

3. An act concerning the inheritance,

freehold and possessions of JVilliqm carl of Devon.]/.,

4. An act concerning the title, name and dignity of earl of Arundell, and far the annexing of the cattle,

honourv manor and lordship tof Arundell in the county of Sussex, with the titles: and dignitips of the.baronies of FitzaUen Chut and Of vjaldejlre and JdatrxtverL, and

divers other lands, tenements and hereditaments hereafter in this act* mentioned* being now parcel of the possessions of Thomas earl'of Arundell and Surry earl marshal of England, to the same title, name and dignity of earl of Arundell:

54. An act for the enabling of the right honourable Dutton, lord Gerard baron of Gerards Bromley, to make a j| jointure to any wife which he shall J'hereafter marry, and to make pro- j vision for any his younger children, and for the better securing of portions and limitation of maintenance fox Alice. Gerard, Frances Gerard and

Elizabeth Gerard, fitters of the said

Dutton lord Gerard, and daughters of the late! right honourable Gilbert lord Gerard aeceased' r'.

6. An act for the confirmation of letters patents made by our late sovereign lord* King James to John earl of Bristol, by the name of John Digbyi knight.

7'. An act for re-eftating certain manors, lands and tenements in the county of \Somerset, late of IVilKam Morgan of Penrose in the county of Monmouth, esquire, and discharging the trust. concerning the m.

8. An act for the naturalizing of sir Robert Dyell, knight, one of the

: gentlemen, of his Majesty's privy chamber-, 'and GidrgtKerke, esquire, one of the grooms of his Majesty's bedchamber*, f

9. An act for tfeie naturalizing of sir < Daniell DeSgnt of Harlaxton in the county of Lincoln*, khight.

to. An act for the mturalixing of /fast AJlcley, Henry Aft*hyyThomas Aflehy, and Bernard AfleUy, children and - Tons of fir J&ob A/lelef, knight, one of the younger (ons of Isaac Aftcley, 'fateoiMAtmConJlable in the county of Norfolk, esquire, deceased.

11. An act for the naturalizing of sir Robert Ayton, knight.

*2. An act for the naturalizing of So- I 4 mad Potvtlly born at ifanbortugh in

the

A TABLE of the STATUTES

the parts.beypad fcas of parents.

13.. An act, for the amendment of a WQjrdcafiially xmftakefi and mifwrit-tep m. an aapf parliament made in the ie^on of parliament holden Jftehmnjifr tte/oiheteepth; day of Ftorwry'in the one and twentieth ..yearpf the.reign of <jpr late fov*-reignlon!King fames of England, intituled, ' An act to enable Vincent Lowe. ^Denbigh in the county of Derby, esquire, to sell part of his land for paymentjf his debts, cap> 25.

14.. An act for the naturalizing of Ale^nder^ Levingston^ gentlepian,>

15. Analt Forthenaturalizing of fames Freefe born in Ruffm.

16. "An act.alVfor restitution in blood of

Carm*Raleigh, son of (\t Walter Raleigh late attainted of high tre^-son, \ and br cpnikm^tion of certain letters patents made by our late so-ver$Ign lord Kingjames to John earl of Tfrifloh by the narpe of John bight) knight, '(

17- An for the naturalizing of John

Aldersey, aMary. Aldersey ' % now. the wife, of Robert. Croftt* Anne Aldersey, Elizabeth Aldersey, and Margaret Aldersey, children of Samuel Aldersey of the city of London^ esquire.

18. An act for the mfe^ settling and confirmation of the.estates and cut-

1 Anno 16 Carols.

Cap. 1. For the preventing of i neon-veniencies happening by the long interijnUfion of parliament.

Cap. 2. For relief of his Majesty's _1( army, and, the northern parts of thelungdoaL Cap. 3. For the reforming of Ibme _ things miftafccn fcuhe late alt ma& this present parliament, for the granting of four Ibbfidies, intituled,

\An act for the relief of Isis Majests

I , army.{ f.\ /

Cap. 4. For the further relief of his Majesty's ajmyr and tl}e northern 4*p^s of the kingdom. 7-.

Jpajf. 5. For thebqtef raising and le-.; vyh^B bf mariner^, tailors, and o-, 7 there, for die prefect guarding of the seas, and necesfaryr defence of r-.the rfalm.

Cap. 6. Concerning the limitation and 7 fbbreyjation of Michaelmas term. Cap.y. To.pr.evci# inconveniencies by the uutiujeJy., adjournment of % pacliapicnfS»., ,; f

Cap. 8., A subsidy ffanted^o the King of tonnage, poundage, and other fpoisof money payable UP<*

4I ebandize e^pprtfd, gad imported. Cap. 9. For the fpppdy pjrovifioi* of'money far, disbandrog the armies.

and settling the , peace of the two

toms- of the customary tenants of'; < kingdoms of England and Scotland the right honourable' Heriry now 'Cap. 10. For, the regulating of the

lord. Morley and* lord.Mtiuniegle % baron, of) Ryey within the manor of Homely and elfewKcrc within the townships of Tathani) Greffnfhetm and BJtrigg in the county palatine of Laricaflerv,;

'19. An act for the naturalizing of John Trumball and Ann Trumball) children of William Trumball) esquire, and of William. Berey Edward Bert and Sidney Berey fons of John Berey esquire, and of Samuel Wentworth son of William Went-worth of Dover) merchant.

privy council, and Tor taking away the courtcommonlycalled the Star-Chamber. 1

Cap. 11. A- repealof the branch of a statute Prime Elhyabetbm % coaceming commUfioners for caufos ecdfc-./fastical, -1

Cap. 12. A subsidy granted tQ the King of tonnage; and poundage, and other Turns of, money payable*yfP? merchandize? exported '*and

iti|pjqjted.

Cap. i^ffor the securing such mo-r, d|ftUs as are or shall be due to the b 3 inhabitant*

A TABLE of the STATUTES

inhabitants of the county of York, and the other adjoining counties, wherein his Majesty's army is or hath been billeted.

Cap. 14. For the declaring unlawful and void thelktc proceedings 'touching ship-'mohey, and fyt the vacating all records and process concem-ing thd same.'*' '

Cap. 15. Against divers incroach-- merits aha oppressions in theftan-hary iourts.'!.J1 Cap. 16. For the certainty of forests, and of the meets, meers, limits'and bounds of she forests.'*

Cap. kj. For the papification between England and Seillond'. '

Cap. 18/ For 'ftciiring by publick ' faith, the remainder of the friendly bfliftanfce ahtf relief premised to bur brethren of Scotland:

Cap. 19. For confirming 911 q&t foj the better ordering and regulating of the office of clerk of the market, and for the reformation of false Weights and measures.

Cap. 20. For the prevention of vexatious proceedings touching the order of knighthdod.

and bailors for the guarding the seas and his Majesty's kingdoms.

Cap. 27. For the disenabling al) pef-lbnS.in holy orders to Cxtrcife any

temporaljurisdicti'ion or adthbrity. Cap. 28! For the raising of soldiers'foV'the defence' of Enghn^'iaA Ire-

W; n

Cap. 29. A subsidy mntd to the King of tonnageanq poundage and othdr sums of money pfyable Upon jnefchandiae exported aftdimport-eij.

Cap. 30. For a contribution and loan'for the diftreflbd people of Ireland: Cap. 31. A fubfiay granted to the King of tbnriage and poundage and other sums of money payable upon merchandize exported and imported.

Cap. 3a. For the raising, and levying ' of monies for the necessary defence;

and great dffeirs Of the kingdoms'bf England and Ireland, and for the payrhent of ddbts undertaken by parliament*. '

Capi ji'For the reducing the rebels in Inland to tneirbbedlencetohis Majesty, apd the croton of England.

pSp. if.'For theftee bringing in of pap. 34. For the explanation of a ' - gunpowder and ftltpetre from f<q- former act for the reducing the re

reign parts, and for the free shaking of gunpowder m: this realm. '

C ip: 22. A AiUidy* granted to - the - King dt Wrinage and poundage, and dfoOrfotlnis of moneys payable upon nierdiindize exported and imported.'*'

Cap. 23. For the raising of mariners -arid feilors 'forthf guarding' of the seas and his Majesty's dominions. Cap. 4.; To-relieve captive? taken by the Turks, and to prevent the taking of Others hereafter/" 1

Cap. 25. A ibpfidy granted to the King of tonnage 2ndpoundage, fi from thehft of f65j.f. to

the first of FA. next, aA&mklijk*

- liritil the 2d Of* July 1642^1 , fIf; - ' Cap. 26. For tha-raising of matihers.

bels in Ireland:

Cap. 35. To fcnabje corporations to adventure in Ireland.

Cap. 36. A subsidy granted to the King of tonnage, poundage, and other furns Of money payable upon merchandize exported 2nd imported.

Cap. 37: For the further reducing of the rebels' in Ire&nd to their <nte-dience to the ICing and crown of

'f tirrl/rn/f^1.

Private acts.

Anne x6Gored.

1. act for the attainder of

' - earl bf Strafford of high ireason.

2. An act to enable the marquis of IVmcbeficrXo grant estates for three

l»vq4

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

lives or one and twenty years,

' of lands in the county of'ampton, (Ac. referring the old rents.

3. An act for naturalizing of Dorothy

Speneer, daughter of Henry lord Spencer baron Spencer.of Wormletghton.

4. An act for the enabling of the foie*and leafing of lands for payment of - the -debts' of Thomas late earl of

Winchelsea.

5. An act for foe settling and eftat- ing upon the right honourable the

lady- Elizabeth eountess dowager

of Exeter, her heirs and assigns for

ever, the fcite of the hospital of Saint Leonards without the town of 'Nrwarte upon Trent in the county>f Nottingham, with the dwelling-Ing' house and other buildings thereupon built, and of certain doles And grounds' parcel of the

«ons of the said hospital, and e 'annexing of divers lands and tenements of better value, being the ' inheritance of the -fold eountess, unto the possessibps" of the said hospital for ever, in lfeti of the some.

p. An afttfor the malting of the cha-r pel of Hoole in the cotanty of

taster a parish chtirch, andtio pan of the pariftrof Crtftonl'

7. 'An act for John free school

- within the parish of Alton in thi

county of Southampton.

8. An act for the folding of aertam 1' manors, lands, tenements and h£ redltalnfents on KatBeritie eountess 'dowager of Bedford, William now earl of Bedford, John and Edward, RiifflU, dquires, ' IbnS of Francis eaxYrf Bedford deceased*.

9. An act for the confirmdtion'of his Majesty's letters patents to the towh of Plimtutb, and for dividing the

Earish, ' and building of »' n edr hurch there.

10. An act for the alteration of the estate and tenure of some lands within the parish of Fulham in the cojmty of Middlesex, held of the lord bishop of London as of Kisipanor of Fulham.

11. An act to settle the manor of Belgrave and other lands in the county of Leicester to and upon William Byerley, esquire, his heirs and assigns, for and towards payment of the debts of William D, esquire, deceased.

12. An act to enable fir Alexander Denton, knight, to fell foe manor of Great Barferd alias Barford Sains Michael, apd other lands in this present act mentioned, for foe payment of his debts and preferpaent of his younger children.

23. An act for foe aflurine of a meffoage called Dure tioufe alias

Durham Hmfe, and pertain stables, part of foepoflessions of foe bishop of Durham, situate in the parifo of Saint Martin in the Fitids in the county of Middlesex, unto foe light honourable Philip earl of Pentbrtiot

and Mowetgomerie and his hens, and of a Yearly rent of two hundred potlnds per annum to the &id bishop of Dirham and his successors in lieu thereof.

[Anno. 12 Caroli II. moved to new file.]

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno tricesimo horn Regina ELIZABETH.

AT the parliament begun and holden* at Westminster the four and twentieth day of October in the nine and thirtieth pear of the reign of oilr moji gracious fovefeign lady Elizabeth; by the grace of God» of England, France and Ireland* 'Queen,

defender of the faith, &cc. and there continued until the dissolution thereof, being the ninth of February next following, one thousand five hundred -seven $ to the high pleasure of Almighty God, and the weal fublish of this realm, were as followeth.

CAP. I.

The stattrfe of 4 H.^. c. 19. and all other statutes made against the dd-ftro&ion of towns and hotffes of husbandly, repealed and the penalty for decaying of houses of husbandry since 1 Efiz. &c. EXP; btat. 99 Elis. c. si.

CAP. II.

Arable land made paftare since 1 Elis, shall be again converted to tillage and what is arable shall not be converted to pasture, &c. BXP. Stat 39 Elis. c. x, Bridgtn. 89.

CAP. III.

Who shall be overseen of the poor $ by whom and when they shall be appointed 5 their office and duty j their accountj their forfeitures, die.

EXP. 43EUZ. c.a.

CAP. IV.

An act for punishment of rogues, vagabonds and sturdy beggars.

All former statntes made for the punishment of vagabonds, &c. repealed. Ja-ftices of peace shall set down orders for erection of houses of correction.

Sec. Who shall be accounted rogues, vagabonds and ihirdy beggars. The punishment and using of a rogue, referred to by 1 Jac. 1. c. 31. A tefki- 1* H. 7. c. a. monial for the punishment ofa rogue. A testimomal regift red. A rogue as H. S. c. ts. conveyed to the house of corresoon, or to the gaol. Rogues that be7 H. f. c. 15, dangerous, or will not be reformed. A rogue hamshed the realm, or ad- >4 EMk c. 5. judged to the gallies. A rogue banished, returning without licence, st Elis. c. 3. The forfeit of the officer not punishing rogues. The penalty for distur- 7 J*c- r. c. 4. bance of the execution of this statute. No rogue shall be brought from 3 inst. 103.

VOL. VII. B Ireland, 43 EL c. 9.

h ay.

2 Anno tricesimo nono Ei.iZAfcETfl.S. C. 5. [1572.

Roll. 387* Ireland, Scotland or the Ide of Man. None resorting to Bath or Buxton shall beg. The authority of justices in corporate towns. The poor in St. Thomas's hospital in Southwark. John Dutton of Dutton in the county of Chester, his liberties. The employing of the forfeitures* Con-session or proof of an offence, shall be a conviction of the offender. The Justices of peace may hear and determine all causes in question. Commissions to enquire of money given to houses of correction, or for stock. for the poor. A sea-faring man fuifering shipwreck. Children under the age of leven years. Glass-men. Proclamation of this $. 3 Gar. 1. c. 4. Continued until the end of the first frjjkn of the next parliament. Altered x Joe. c. 7, & 15. and farther continued by 16 Car* x. c. 4. referred to» % An* c* 6. but repealed is Ann*, fiat, 1. c. 13.

33 El. c. 7. f. 17.

Any person may erect an hospital or house of cor

s Inst. 7*0.

CAP. V.

An all fir ereHing of btffciialSj or abiding and working houses fir the poor*

WHEREAS 'at the last session of parliament, provision Was made as well fir maimed soldiers by collision in every parish as for other poor, that it should be lawful for every person, during twenty years next after the said parliament, by feoffment, will in region, which writing, or other assurance, to give and bequeath in set simple, as and enjoy*we^to uJe of Poor as f°f the provision, fttjleniation, or main-goods or lands tenants of any house of correction> or abiaing-houses, or of any flocks not exceeding or JloreSj all -or any part of his lands, tenements or hereditaments: the yearly va- her most excellent Majesty understanding and finding that the said ^to00.say nQt ia£m as was intenjgj9 fry that no

person can erect or incorporate any hospital, houses of corre£lmy or a-hiding-places, but her Majesty, or by her Highness special licence, by letters patents under the great seal of England in that behalf to be obtained: (3) her Majesty graciously affecting the good success of so good and charitable works, and that without often suit unto her Majesty, and with as great ease and little charge as may be, is of her princely care and blelTed disposition to and for the relief and comfort of maimed soldiers, mariners, and other poor and impotent people, pleased and contented that it be enacted may crcift an by authority of this present parliament; (4) and be it enacted hospital or by the authority of this present parliament. That all and every reftioiw or" Person an<* Pe"ons frifed of an efhte in fee-Ample, their heirs, executors or assigns, at his or their wills and pleasures, shall have Ml power, strength, licence and lawful authority, at any time during the space of twenty years next ensuing, by deed inrolled in the high court of chance, to erect, found and establish one or more hospitals, Maisons de Dieuy abiding-places or houses of correction, at his or their will and pleasure, as well for the Ending, sustentation and relief of the maimed, poor, needy or impotent people, as to set the poor to work, to have continuance for ever, and from time to time to place therein such Incorporation head and members, and such number of poor, as to him, his of the hospital heirs and assigns shall seem convenient: (5) and that the same by the toun- hospitals or houses so founded, shall be incorporated, and have perpetual fticcessions for ever, in fact; deed and name, and of

Any person

1597.] Anno tricesimo nono Elizabethae, c. 5.

such headj members, and numbers of poor, needy, maimed or impotent-people as shall be appointed, assigned, limited or named by the founder or founders, his or their heirs, executors or.r. assigns, by any such deed inrolled: (6) and that such hospital,

Maison de Dieu> abiding-place or house of correction, and the correction persons therein placed, shall be incorporated, named and called shall be named by such name as the said founder or founders, his heirs, ex- tythe foun-ecutors or assigns, shall so limit, assign and appoint: (7) andder* the same hospital, Maison de Dieiii abiding-place or house of The hospital correction so incorporated and named, shall be a body corpo-fate and politick, and shall by that name of incorporation have rorporate.n full power, authority and lawful capacity and ability to purchase, The hospital take, hold, receive, enjoy and have, to them and to their fuc- m*Y purchaij| ceflors for ever, as well goods and chattels, as manors, lands, or tenements and hereditaments, being freehold, of any person or u persons whatsoever: so that the lame exceed not tjic yearly value of two hundred pounds above: all charges and reprises, to any one such abiding-house, hospital, Maijon de Dieu % or house of correction, and 10 as the same or any part thereof, be not golden of our sovereign lady the Queen, her heirs or successors, immediately in chief, or else of our said sovereign lady the Queen, or any other person by knight's service j without licence or writ of ad qmd damnum; the statute of mortmain, or any other statute or law to the contrary notwithstanding: (8) The hospital and that the same hospital, Maison de Dieu, abiding-place or J house of correction, and the persons so being incorporated, fue"' founded and named, shall have full ppwer, and lawful authority by the true name of the incorporation thereof, to sue and to be sued, implead and to be impleacted, to answer and to be answered unto, in all manner of courts and places that now are or hereafter shall be within this realm, as well temporal as spiritual, in all manner of suits whatsoever, and of what naturd and kind soever such suits or actions be or shall be: (9) and The hospital that the same hospital, Maison de Dieu, abiding-house or house shall have a of correction, shall have and enjoy for ever such a common seal common Teal* or feats, as by the said founder or founders, his or their heirs, executors or aligns, shall be in writing under his or their hand and leal assigned, named or appointed, whereby the same corporation shall or may seal any manner of instrument touching the same incorporation, and the lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods or other things thereto belonging, or in any wise touching or concerning the same: (10) and further shall be or- The ordering-dered, directed and vi sited, placed or upon just cause displaced, directing and by such person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, their visiting ofau heirs, successors or assigns, as shall be so nominated or assigned hospital. by the founder or founders thereof, their heirs or assigns, according to such rules, statutes and ordinances, as shall be set forth, made, devised or established by the said founder or foun- The (Unites ders, their heirs or assigns, in writing under his or their hand and ordinan-and seal, not being repugnant or contrary to the laws and fta- c« of an bofT

B 2 tutes Piub

The founder may place the head and members.

leafts made by hospital*.

A faring of the right of others in the hospital lands.

Certain persons not^ enabled' to create hofpkals.

Ten pounds per ann. lands at the least t shall be atoned to an hospital.

9 Geo. . c. % 6.

The con-fouftton ef Ihitaft.

Anno tricesimo nono Elizabethae. c. 5. [1597.

lutes of this realm; any law, statute; custom, ufitee or otheC thing whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding 2 (.11) and that it shall be lawful unto* the founder or founders* his and their heirs or assigns, upon the death or removing* of any head or member of any such corporation, to place one other in the room of him that dieth, or is removed* fueedfively for ever.

II. Provided always, That all leases, grants, conveyance* of estates to be made by any corporation so to be founded as aforesaid, exceeding the number of one and twenty years, and that m possession, and whereupon the accustomable yearly rent or more, by the greater patt of twenty years next before the mak- Jng of such lease, shall not be reserved and yearly payable, shall be void. (2) Saving to all persons, bodies politick and corpo- rate, their heirs ano successors, (other than the founders and givers, their heirs and successors) all such right, title, claim* possession, rents, Cervices, commons, demands, interest and profits, which they or any of them shall have, or of right ought to have, of, in or to any the lands, tenements or hereditaments hereafter to be given, limited or assigned in form aforesaid, in as ample manner as if this statute had never been had or made.

III. Provided also, That this act or any thing therein contained shall not extend to enable any person or persons, being within age, women covert without their husbands, or of not same memmay to make any such corporation, or to endow the same \ any thing in this present act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, That no such hospital, Maison de Dior* abiding-place or houie of correction shall be erested, founded or incorporated by force of this act, unless upon the foundation or erection thereof, the same be endowed for ever, with lands, tenements or hereditaments of the clear yearly value of ten pounds by the year.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, TRat no such incorporation to be founded by force of this act shall at any time hereafter do or Coffer to be clone any act or thing, whereby or by means whereof any of the lands, tenements, hereditaments, fteck, goods or chattels of such incorporation, or any estate, interest, possession or property of or in the same or any of them* shall be veiled or transferred in or to any other whatsoever, contrary to ther true meaning of this act: (2) and that such con-(Iruftion shall be made upon this act as mall be most beneficial and available for the maintenance of the poor* and for reprefT-ing and avoiding of all acts and devices to be invented or put in ure contrary to the true meaning of this act* Made perpetual if i>tjac. u r. 1*

5

1597.] Anno tricesimo nono Elizabethae, cjS, — g.

CAP. VI.

An act to reform deceits and breaches of trust touching lands given to charitable uses.

'Commissions may be awarded to certain persons, to enquire of lands -or goods given to hospitals, or other charitable uses, mi (employed, and to reform them. R E P. 43 EL c. 9. Saving for the execution of orders and decrees before made by commissioners according to this statute.

4lnft. 16$, 167.

CAP. VII.

The Queen may foil her accountant or debtor's lands in his life-time, apd afterhis death. To what accountants only this statute doth extend. There shall be no sale of land when the debtor hath a quietus eft. If the Queen he Satisfied, the foreties shall be discharged. What process shall ibe awarded where the debt doth grow in the court of wards or duchy. Process shall be awarded against the terre-tenant before the sale of fos land. EXP. 13 El. c. 4. 17 El. c. 3. 43 El. c. 9.

CAP. VIII.

An act concerning the confirmation and establishment of the deprivation of divers bishops and deans, in the beginning of her Majesty's reign.

WHEREAS divers and sundry persons exercising the office and Every deprffunction of bishops and deans of divers fees and bishopricks, vation of any and deanries within this realm in the reign of our kte sovereign lady ^i^the311 S>ueen Mary, were before the tenth day o/N ovember in thefourth year ^ginning of of the mfi hfippy and blessed government of the Queen's mof excellent the Queen> Majesty that now is, lawfully and justly deprivedjrom such bishopricks reignshall b§ and deanries as they severally enjoyed, and took upon them to hold, and in go<u, b-their fields find places sundry excellent and worthy men duly preferred b*0pS , to the /ante: (2) Qtid whereas the parties fp deprived did notwith- deans made by standing, as is pretended, make secret appeals, and used other secret the Queen mans* pretending thereby to juppprt the continuance of their said^ftf*. ad; t tfues and functions, Beittf. '

CAP. IX.

fin act for taking away of clergy- from offenders against a pertain statute made in the third year of the reign of King Henry the Seventh, concerning the taking away of women against their wills unlawfully*

WHEREAS of late times divers women, as well maidens as wi? Hethattaketh dows and wives, having substance, same in goods movable, and away a wo-some in lands and tenements, and /me being heirs apparent to their an % *{]*ancefters, for the lucre of such substance been oftentimes taken by mi ft jJath Undsor doers contrary to their will, and afterward married to futh mtfdoers, goods, or is or to others by their assent, or defiled, to the great displeafur? of God, heir apparent and contrary to your Highness laws, and drjparagement of the said ^iicr.women, and great htcrSmefs and discomfort of their friends, and ^i^higdeiw example of others; (2) which offences, albeit the same be madefelony 3 h. 7, ct by a certain act of parliament made in the third year of King Henry the Seventh, yet foraftnuch as clergy hath been heretofore allowed to such offenders, divers persons have attempted and committed the said offences, in hope of life by the benefit of clergy; be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most excellent majesty, the lords spiritual gnd temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament af* feneed, and by the authority of the same, TJiat all and every

' S3 fu*

6

f H. 7, c.*.

Principals, procurers or necessaries before the offeree.

The statute of3 Eiiz. c. 7. ftllraining fcnglifhmrn to go or fend into any foreign country to buy or bring 5nto this realm failed herring, or salted fish, repealed, &c. A rehearsal of the said lta-jtute.

HThat was expedit'd by the ttore/aid ila-

Anno tricesimo nono Elizabethae. c, io. f 1597;

such person and persons, as at any time after the end of this present session of parliament shall be convicted or attainted of or for any offence to be committed after the end of this present session of parliament, made felony by the said act of the third year of the reign of King Henry the Seventh, or which shall be in-disted and arraigned of or for any such offence, and (land mute, or make no direct answer, or shall challenge peremptorily above the number of twenty, shall in every such case lose his and their benefit of clergy, and shall suffer pains of death without any benefit of clergy; any former law to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That this act, nor any thing therein contained, shall not extend to take away the benefit of clergy, but only from such person and persons as hereafter shall be principals, or procurers or accellaries before such offence committed.

CAP. X.

An act for the increase of mariners* and for maintenance of the navigation* repealing a former aS made in the twenty-third year of her Majesty's reign* (rearing the same title.

WHERE at the parliament holden by prorogation the sixteentk day of January in the twenty-third year of the reign of our mqft gracious sovereign lady Queen Elizabeth, an act was made, (inti-tided* An act for the increase of mariners, and for maintenance of the navigation) whereby amongst other things it was enabled* That it should not be lawful to any native English man* woman or denizen* at any tiffie* after a time limited in the same alt* dir elf Iy cr indirectly* by themfcfves* their servants* falters* agents* deputies* or friends* or any of them whatsoever* to go or fend into any other foreign country* realm or dominion whatsoever* for the buying*providing* or bringing into this realm* out or from any the said foreign realms or dominions out of the Queer! s obey same of any salted fish or salted herrings* rtor should make ary, agreement with any alien or fir anger* or any other* for such bringing into this realm by, any alien orfiranger* of any salted fish orfalted herrings; (2) and that no salted Jiff nor faked herrings should be brought hither out of the said foreign realms and dominions* but by the truer owners thereof or deputies of them* being aliens and fir angers* without the procurement of any subjell of the Queen's majesty* her heirs orfucccjjors* or of any denizen* and by none other person or persons; (3) upon pain that such English person or denizen offending against that all should forfeit the same salted herrings and salted fish or the value thereof*' with divers other clauses and branches in the same Jiqtute contained* touching the bringing of fish into this realm* and the buying and selling of Jiff* as by the same alt at large appeareth: (4) upon the making of which alt it was hoped and expelled* that the fiffermen of this realm would in such fort have impkyed themselves to fishing* and to the building and preparing of such Jiore of boats and flipping for that purpose* as that they should long ere this time have been able sufficiently to have victualled this realm with failed Jiff and herrings of their own taking* without any

6 Pbh

1597.] Anno tricesimo nono Elizabethae, c.io.'

supply of aliens andgrangers, to the great increase of mariners and

maintenance of the navigation within this realm (5)

it is since found by experience, that the navigation of this land is no

whit bettered by the means of that ail, nor any manners nor

like to be increased by it; but eontrariwifethe natural of

this realm, not being able to furnish the tenth part of the same with The inconve.

fishedfish of their own taking., the chief provifum and victualling the re-

af withfish and herrings, hath ever fence the making of the famefea- ^thefali

tute been in the power and disposition of aliens and Grangers, who thereby have much enriched them].elyes, greatly increased their

tion, and (taking advantage of the time) have extremely inhanced the prices of that victual, to the great hurt and of the native subjects of this realm, and yet do serve the markets here in very

evil forty by little and little, boufing and keeping their fish as well on

this side, as beyond the feat, till the prices be raised to their liking;

(6) and the merchants of this realm having been wholly barred in their trades of providing of fish for the service thereof, the navigation of this realm, which was intended to be augmented, hath been rather impaired than increased thereby, and the prices of fish greatly inhaneed, to the great and general prejudice of the fu: for remedy whereof, and for that it is lawful as well to strangers and aliens, as to the subjects of this realm, to carry out into foreign parts and dominions such Joltedfish and herrings as are taken and provided by the subjects

of this realm, and therefore very unequal that the native subjects of They who this land Jbotdd not be at liberty to bring in also foreign provifeon of fish n»ajr carry fiflt

for the victualling of their own country as well as to carry but, but that theftranger Jbotdd be wholly trusted therewith: f0 ^nng ia

II. Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most excellent ma- fife, jesty, the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the same statute made in the said three and twentieth year*j Eliz. c. 7* of her Majesty's most gracious reign, and every dause, branch, article and proviso thereof, and all the penalties and forfeitures therein contained, shall from henceforth be clearly repealed, void, frustrate and of none effect, to all intents, constructions and purposes, as if the same had never been had ne made; any thing in the same act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Queen's most excellent The Queen's majesty, the lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons, in subjecta may this present parliament assembled, That it shall and may be. law- transport fish ful for all and every her Majesty's subjects, being owners of a- " f'P»

ny ships, barks or vessels failing with cross fails, to receive and cro*31 take into their said ships, barks pr vessels, any herrings or other*fish, which any alien or stranger shall buy and provide of any of her Majesty's subjects within this realm, and the same herrings and fish or any of them* may transport into any parts beyond the seas, being in league or amity with her Majesty, in their said ships or vessels with cross fails j so js the said aliens pr grangers pay to her Majesty her custom$ and duties for the

9 Anno tricesimo nono Elizabethae. c.ir.

[1597.

same, in such fort as by the same former act was limited and appointed.

What cnftomi ?V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all alieni ball pay aliens and grangers shall from henceforth, and from time to ft?.tr.n: <^'een t*me» Pay to hcr^/Iajesty for ^11 felted fish and felted herrings to feoaibt into'^b*PuSbt into this realm, all such like customs and impositions this realm.' a* are or shall be imposed apd let upon any her Majesty's subjects " ip those foreign regions and countries, ports and towns, front

whence (he feid felted fish and felted herrings shall be shipped fnd brought, for the like fifties and herrings, oyer and betide^ the ordinary customs which have been paid to her Majesty for the same, in manna: ai)d form, as by the same ad was enacted and appointed.

The penalty V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

tat bringing jf any alien or stranger-borri, or any denizen or natural-boni

Lntdo^rie, g, ?<'ubica bV£s rSm'

tofcUunwhol- Pr town of this realm, any lait fish or salt herrings, which shall same fiib. not be good, ' (weet, spasonable and meet for mens meat, and shall offer the same to be sold, and shall be warned by any officer of such port^ haven or towh, 'where the same shall be offered to be sold, that the fajne be not (easonable nor' meet for mens meat; that then if fie or they foal! afterthat, offer any of the said unseasonable fish to be sold ti any person within this realm, pr being an alien-born, And no denizeh, shall not depart with jt^ie same from the said haven, port or town, so (bon as conveniency will serve; that then all and every pdrfon/ owners thereof, shall lose and forfeit to our. said sovereign Lady all the said unseasonable fish unmeet for mens meat as before is said. Ordinances to ' yl/ And be it lijcewife enacted, That all ordinances of the 'xj£rain the fifiimongers of London, or of any other company or corporation.

r bu5!^11? whatsoeveri made or to be made firs refiraint of any person to fist.'SalTbe or Am* ov to-buy 6r provide ainy fish of any merchant Void.: or other wifhjn thi^ realm, (hill b€ repealed and void: '(2) and

Repealed by £hat every person pr body corporate that shall make or execute

*3 £ha. c. 9. py fuc& ordinance or feftraint, shall for every such offence for- 'v feit one hundred pounds; the one moiety thereof to the Queen's

majesty/'her heirs and successors; and the other moiety to the party grieved that wilf sue for the same by action of debt, in an^ court of record, wherein no essoin, ' protection or wager of law for the defendant (hah be admitted or allowed.

VII.' Provided always, 'That this act shall no longer endur$

than to the end of the next parliament hereafter enfuirrg. 3 Cor. 1 Jr. 4 'continued until the end of thefirjifession of the next parliament) and farther continued b^ 16 Car. i. V. 4.. "* y*:

'pap. xi.*

fin act for the better execution of the statute ipade in the twenty-third v year of the Queen's reigri, for the* abolishing-of logwood, alias' blocki wood, in the dying of doth, wool or yam. 'The penalty for mixing o t using logwood in jying of cloth or other-fluff. Deceit* practised to a^'buse the meaning, of the statute of3 Eliz.' c, 9. touching dying witjj

logwood. A justice of peace may examine the servantr or workmen'of a ifapposed offender. ThepcndHyt — RefeoJed by 13 & 14 Cur. a. c. 11./.6.

W1

'i 597.] Anno tricesimo nono Elizabeths, c. 12, 15;

CAP. XII.

What workmen or labourer* wages iuftioes of peace may affess, &c. 'EXP,

Cmntinuid to tb* end of tbi first fijfons of tbi next farbament % by 1 Jaf, 1.

.5. and21 Jac. x. c. at.

CAP. XIII.

An explanation of an act made in the eleventh year of King Henry the Seventh for

WHEREAS by an all made in the eleventh year tf King Henry __, the Seventh, the mayor and wardens of the city

er x^undon for the time being, should have authority to enter and don, tec. may

search the workmanship of att manner of occupying the broad search all per* fbear, as well fuflians as cloth, and the execution of the paid off for son* ?cc}JPy-.

tefiftgany instrujnents of iron, or other untrue fubttl mean or fight in jj£" broad dressing the same: (2) ftnce which time, for that the lord mayor of u h.*7. c..J^ondon cannot conveniently go in his own person to make thesaidsearch, by retflfoii of his other weighty occasions, divers have resisted the -dens of the Jhear-men going abroad in offering to make search accord-

ing to the said law; and for want of due and daily search in that behalf, divers have of late days put in ure the iron infruments and ether fiights forbidden by the recited all, to the peat deceit of her Atajfly's people, amon^fwhom the wearing offuflians is lately grown

to more use, as may ftetn, than ever it was before time: (3) which shearmen and company of Jhear-med, together with the company of fuliers, were fullers in LonT ffmce the said act made one company by the name of cloth-workers: ani don made one so no such search can be duly madi: (4) for remedy hereof, company.

II. Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most excellent ma- The mayor jell, with the allent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and the and cloth-commons; in this present parliament assembled, and by the au- worker* of thority of the same, That from henceforth it dial] and may be Jj^deoutie*. lawful tp and for the Cud lord mayor of the city of London, or may search*' his sufficient deputy, 'and to and for the matter and Wardens of theworkofall the said'mystery of doth-workers of Lonor such discreet per* person* there, fons as' the said master and wardens Of the fold mystery of cloth- °cc>

Workers for the time bong shall from time to tithe appoint, to enter and ntake feanih, as the said mayor of London and wardens of sheaf-iiien might have done together, by the said aft in the said eleventh year of KingHrary the Seventh; (2) upon pain that The forfeiture the person or persons which &aU make refinance herein, Hiall for- of them who frit for every such resistance, twenty shillings of lawful money 0fraake re*' 'England; the one half to her Majesty, and the other half to him dr Iheni thkt will sue for the same by action of debt, bill, plaint or -

information, in any of the Queen's courts of record where the same may be determined after the course of the common law and that the defendant in such case in no wife be admitted to wage his law, qor th^t any protection or essoin be in the fomp

No cards for wool shall be brought into this realm to be ibid.

3 65.

Anno tricesimo nono Elizabeths* cj 4, 15. [ 159 7*

' cap. xiy.

An act prohibiting the bringing into this realm of any foreign cards for wool.

WHEREAS many thousands of woolen card-makers and card-wiredrawers of the cities of London, $ristol, Gloucester, Norwich, Coventry, and of many other her Highness cities and towns within this realm, have heretofore lived and well maintained themfefyei, their wives, families and children, by the benefit and use of their trade and faculty of card-making and drawing of cardwire pxthii7 this realm: (2) and now of late time, by reason of the common bringing in of foreign cards for wool out ^France, anaother foreign parts, the said card-nickers and card-wiredrawers have been so much impoverishcd9 that scant the twentieth person that heretofore lived by the said trades is yew maintained and set on work thereby:

ll. Be it enacted by our sovereign lady the Queen's majesty, and by the lords spirkual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by authority of the same, That no person or persons whatsoever, from or after the feast-day of the purification of the blessed Virgin St. Mary now next enuring, shall bring, fend or convey, or cause to be brought, feftt or conveyed) into this realm of England or Wales, from the parts beyond the seas, any cards for wool to be sold, bartered or exchanged, within the realm of England or Wales j (2) upon j>?in to forfeit all such cards for wool, so to be brought, lent or conveyed contrary to the true meaning of this act, in whose hands feever they or any of them shall be found, or the very value thereof; the one half whereof to be to our said fovereim lady the Queen's majesty, her heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to him or them that will seise the same, or fee therefore in any court of record of the Queen's majesty, her heirs and successors, by action of debt, bill, plaint, information or otherwise, in which actions, suits, plaints or informations, no wager of law, essoin or protection shall be allowed. (3) This act to endure to the end of the first session of the next parlia* xnent. 3 Car* 1. c. 4. Continued until the end of the first session of the next parliament, and farther continued by 16 Car. jf f. 4. and inforeed by 13 far 14 Car. 2. r. 19.

CAP. XV.

fbt aS % that no person robbing any house in the day-time, all though no person be therein, shall be admitted to have the benefit of his clergy

WHEREAS of late years divers lewd and felonious persons, understanding that the penalty of the robbing of houses in the daytime (no person being in the house at the time of the robbery) is not so penal, as to commit or do a robbery in any house, any person being therein at the time of the robbery; which hath and doth embolden di-yers lewd persons to watch their opportunity and time to commit and it fyinouf robbfries} in breaking and ftitring divers bonejl per-

1597£ Anno tricesimo nono Elizabethae. 16, 17.x

and especially of the poorer fort of peopky who by reafott of their poverty are not abte to keep anyfervant^ or otherwise to leave any body to look to their house, when they go abroad to hear divine fer- vice, or from home to follow their labour to get their living» which is to the hindrance and loss of good subjects, and the utter impoverishing of many poor widows, ' foie women, and other people:

II. Be it therefore enacted by our sovereign lady the Queen's Hc^not most excellent majesty, the lords spiritual and temporal, and have his der-the commons, of this present parliament assembled, That if gy that rob-any person or persons after the end of this present session of ouse

}parliament shall be found guilty, and convicted by verdict, con-ession or otherwise, according to the laws of this realm, for value of five the felonious taking away, after the feast of RaJler now next shillings. <ensuing, in the day-time* of any money, goods or chattel, K?£n£ 31* being of the value of five shillings or upwards, in any dwel- cro. Car. 47s. ling-house or houses, or any part thereof, or any out-house or 10 Be ix W.j* out-houses belonging and used to and with any dwelling-house c. 13. or houses, although no person shall be in the fiud house or out-houses at the time of such felbny committed ? then such person and persons shall not be admitted to the benefit of his or their fdergy, but shall be utterly excluded thereof.

CAP. XVI.

An act to retrain the excessive making of malt.

CAP. XVII.

An act against lewd and wandring persons, pretending the m-/elves to be soldiers or mariners.

WHEREAS divers lewd and licentious persons, contemning Wandering both laws, magistrates and religion, have of late days wan- JP^?ncr8 dred up and down in all parts of the realm9 under the name ^orteridiepi-soldiers9 and marinersy abusing the title of that bonourable proMion fons, shall to countenance their wicked behaviours, and do continually assemble settle them-themselves weaponed in the highways and elfewberty in troops, to J*1^toworkf the great terror and aftomshment of her Majesty's true subje&Sy the hawteftimo-impeachment of her laws, and the aifturbance of the peace and Iran- nials, Bcc. quillity of this realm: (2) and whereas many heinous outrages, rob- xj&HCar.s, penes and horrible murders are daily committed by these dissolute persons; and unless some speedy remedy be hady many damages are like by 3 init*these meads to enfite and grow towards the common-wealth:

II. Be it therefore enacted by the authority of this present parliament, That all idle and wandring soldiers or mariners, or idle persons, which now are, or hereafter shall be Vvandring ?s soldiers and mariners, shall settle themselves in some service, labour or other lawful course of life, without wandring, or otherwise repair to the places where they were born, or to their dwelling-places, if they have any, and there remain, betaking themselves to some lawful trade or course of life, as aforesaid; (2) ppon pain that all persons offending contrary to this act to bp reputed as felons, and to suffer as in case of felony, without any benefit of clergy to be allowed.

pi, An4

Anno tricesimo nono Elizabethae. C.if.

[1597.-

lW*

III. And be it further enacted, That every idle and wandring soldier or mariner which coining from his captain from the seas, or from beyond the seas, shall not have a testimonial under the hand of some one justice of the peace of or near the place where he landed, setting down therein the place and time when and where he landed, and the place of his dwelling or birth, unto which he is to-pass, as aforesaid, and a convenient time therein limited for his passage, or having such testimonial shall wilfully exceed the time therein limited, above fourteen days: (2) And also as well every such idle and wandring soldier or mat-riner, as every other idle person wandring as soldier or mariner, which shall at any time hereafter forge or counterfeit any such jtcfiunonial, or have with him or them any such testimonial forged or counterfeited as aforesaid, knowing the same to be counterfeited or forged, in all these cases every such act or acts to be felony, and the offenders to suffer as aforesaid, without any benefit of clergy.

1 of aP

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the justices of affzcs, justices of gaol-delivery, and the justices of peace of every county, and for all justices of peace in towns corporate, having authority to hear and determine felonies, to hear and determine all such offences in their general sessions, (2) and to execute the offenders which shall be convicted before them, as in cases of felony is accustomed; except some honest

person valued at the last subsidy next before the time to ten

pounds in goods, or forty shillings in lands, or else some honest

freeholder, as by the said justices (half be allowed, will be con-tgited before such justices as such person shall be arraigned of Takingtbc of- felony, to take him or them into his service for one whole year fender into then next following, and then before the said justices will be

frrrice fora bound by recognizance of t$k pounds, to be levied of his lands,

goods, tenements and chattels, to the use of our sovereign lady the Queen, if he keep not the said person or persons for one whole year, and bring him to the next sessions for the peace and gaol-delivery next ensuing after the said year: (3) And if any such person retained depart within the year, without the licence of him that so retained him, then to be indicted, tried and adjudged as a felon, and not to have the benefit of his clergy.

The idle wan- V. Provided always, That if any such idle and wandring* tai}inS persons as aforesaid, shall happen to fall lick by the way, so that by reason of his weakness he cannot travel to his journey's end within the time limited within his testimonial, no such to be within the danger of this statute, so as he settle himself in some lawful course of life, as aforesaid, or repair as aforesaid to the place where he was born, or was last abiding, within convenient time after the recovery of his sickness, and there re* main, as aforesaid; any thing in this statute contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when any {iicji soldier or ipariner coming frujn the ijsas. from beyond

"'$9

year.

sick by the way.

A remedy

1597.] Anno f triftsimo M)fio Elizabe TfU£. c. i3

the seas, as aforesaid, shall repair to the place of his dwelling wanderer can* or birth, according to the purport of the said testimonial, and not 8et work, cannot of hhnfelf get there any work whereby to employ hi m-fclf to labour dr other lawful course of life, as SfoMaid, that then in all such cases, upon complaint made by such soldier or mariner to two justices of peace of the said bounty, of or near the said place, the said two justiaes fhaO take order by their discretion to set such soldier or mariner to some such honed labour or work as to them shall be thought meet: (2) And for want The hundred of such work, the said two justices shall tax the whole hundred tortjje by their discretion for the relief of such soldier or mariner till »!-

iiich sufficient work may be had..ntr.

VII. Provided also, That if any suchfoldier or mariner coming from the seas, or from beyond the seas as- aforesaid, shall not at the time of his landing, or in his travel to the place whereunto he is to repair as aforesaid, 'going the direct way, that then he resort to some justice of the peace next adjoining to the said place of landing or way, and make known unto the said justice his poverty: (2) Who upon perfect notice thereof The soldier or had, shall have full power and authority by this present act mann*r to licence the fpme^oldier or mariner to pass the next and di-ttct way to the place where he is to repair, and to limit him so relief, much time only as shall be necessary for his travel thither: (4)

And that in such case his licence being, so made, and he pursuing the form of such his licence, shall and may for his necessary relief in such his travel, ask and take the relief that any person shall willingly give him, and in such case* his such travel and taking of alms as aforesaid, shall not be taken an offence against this law.

VIII. Provided abb. That this act, nor any thing therein corruptioa contained, shall extend or be interpreted to make or work any of blood, corruption of blodd in any the heir or heirs of any such offender or offenders \ any thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this act shall hot take any force or effect till forty days next after the end of this session of parliament, and shall continue to the ehd

f the parliament next ensuing. 3 Car 1.4. Continued until the end tfthe Jirfl session of the next pa, and farther continued by 16 Car. 1. r. 4.

CAP. XVIII?

An aS/or the reviving, continuance, perfecting*

and repealing of divers statutes.

WHERE in the first session of parliament begun in the city of Ships.

London tho third day of November in the one and twentieth11 H. S. c. is. year of the reign of our late sovereign lord of famous, King

Henry tho Eighth, and from thenee adjourned and prorogued to the

palace of Westminster, ana& or statute was, An act for the true making of cables, haliers and ropes.

II. And where in the parliament balden upon prorogation at Westminster

Cattle*

*4 H. 8. c. 9.

Cattle.

3 & 4 Ed. 6. c. 19.

Vi&saL 3 & 4 Ed. 6. c. ftl.

Fish.

s Elis. c. 17.

Husbandry. 5 Eliz. c. i.

Merchants.

5 Elis. c. 7.

; i*

Fish.

5 Eliz. c. 5.

Games.

8 Eliz. c. 10.

teafes.

13 Eliz. c. so.

Purveyors.

13 Eliz. c. ai.

Usury.

13 Eliz. c. 8. Drapery.

13 Eliz. c. 19. Continuance.

14 Eliz. c. 11

Poor.

14 Eliz. c. 5.

Anno tricesimo nono ElMSABETAje. c. i 8: f 1 ^9 7 i

minster the fourth day of February {a the four and twentieth yea.1

of the reign of the said King, there wat one other OS made, I

An a d against killing of young beasts called weanlings.

III. And Where in the session of d parliament ended at Westmin-

fter the first day of February in the fourth year of the reign of our

late sovereign lord King Edward the Sixth, one was made contenting the buying and selling of rolbtr beefs and tattle:

IV. And also one other ail was then and intituled, An act fad the buying and selling of butter and cheese.

V. And where dfo in the parliament begun at Westminster the twenty-third day of January in the first year of the reign of the Queen's majesty that now is, and th&e continued by prorogation until the diffblathm thereof, an act was then and there made, An act for the preservation of spawn and fry of fish.

VI. And where also in the first session of parliament bolden at Westminster the twelfth day of January the fifth year of her Highness reign, one ail was then and there made, intituled, An act for the maintenance and increase of tillage:

VII. Arid one other ail was also then and there made, intituled, An act for the avoiding of divers foreign wares made by handicraftsmen beyond the leas:

VIII. And one other aH was liiewife then and there made, intituled, An act touching certain politick constitutions made for the maintenance of the navy.

IX. And where also in the lafi fcjfitn of the parliament by prorogation at Westminster the lafi day of September in the eighth year of her Maiefifs reign, one ail was then and there made, intituled, An act for bowyers and the prices of bows.

X. And where also in the parliament begun and holden at Westminster the fictttd day ef April'nr the thirteenth year of her Maje-Jlfs reign, there was me a8 and statute made for the avoiding of some leases in certain tofts to be made of promotions

with cure, intituled, An act touching leases of beneftoes, and other ecclesiastical livings with cure:

XI. And where also there was then and there die other ail made, intituled, An act that purveyors may take grain, com or viduals within five miles of Cambridge and Oxford in certain cases:

XII. And also one other ail was then and there made, intituled, An act against usury: And also one other ail was then and there made, intituled, An act for the continuance of making of caps.

XIII. And where in the first session of parliament holden at West-, minder the eighth day of May in the fourteenth year of

reign, there was one other ail made, intituled, An act for the continuance, explanation, perfeding and enlarging of divers statutes; in which statutes are contained divers branches, tlaufts and previfisns touching and concerning the , perfeQing and en-

larging of divers of the statutes before-mentioned.

XIV. And where also there was then and there one other ail made, intituled, An act for the punishment of vagabonds, and for the relief of the poor and impotent.

XV. And where in tie parliament Mien at Westminster aforesaid

Xi

j 597.3 Anfto triceluno riorio EtlZABETHi. c. t S. 15

in the eighteenth year of her Majesty's reign, there wds one other Poor*

' act made, intituled, An act for the letting of the poor on work, " c*and for the avoiding of idleAefs:

XVI. And also one ottier aft was then and there made, intituledWays.

An act for the repairing and amending of the bridges and high- i* El- c. »o. ways near unto the city of Oxenford.

A VII. And where in the parliament holden by prorogation at Merchants* Westminster the sixteenth day-of January in the twenty-third year 13 El. c. 6. of her Majesty's reign, one aft was made, intituled, An act for the repairing of Dover haven.

XVlfi. And where in the parliament holden at Westminster the continuance* three and twentieth day of November in the seven and twentieth 27EJ«.c. it* year of her Majesty's reign, one other act was made for the reviving, continuance, explanation and perfecting of divers statutes, in which are contained dsvers branches, provisions and clauses touching and concerning certain additions and alterations unto and of divers of the said former recited statutes, and other new provisions.

XIX. And there was then and there one other act made, intituled, ^£^on'

An act against covinous and fraudulent conveyances.7*c*

XX. And then and there one other act was made, intituled, An act for the levying of issues loft by iurors.- 7, 7 E, 1*J'c# 7#

XXI. And also there was then and there che other act made, in- Franchise. tituledf An act for the good government of the city, or borough7 EM*

of Westminster.'.* '

XXII. And whereas in the parliament holden at Westminster, Com. upon prorogation the fourth day of November in the second year ofxi* 3 Ed. 6* the reign of the late King offamous memory King Edward the Sixth, c'I0"

one aft was made, intituled, An act for the true making of malt, which said statute was dfcontinued.

XXIII. And by another act made in the said parliament holden at c

Westminster in the said twenty seventh year of the Jjhteen's majesfs V'reign that now is, intituled, An act for the reviving of a former

statute for the true making of malt, was revived and continued:

And also one other act was there made in the said twenty seventh year, intituled, An for the keeping of the sea-banks and lea-works in*"!*}.the county of Norfolk. #. % 7 Ei, z*

XXIV. And where in the parliament holden at Westminster the Measures. fourth day of February in the thirty-first year of the Queen's ma- 3* Eliz* c-j fly's reign that now is, there was an act made, intituled, An act

for the true gauging of vessels brought from beyond the seas, converted by brewers for the utterance and sale or ale and beer.

XXV. And also one other act was then and there made, intituled, FrancMfes. An act for reviving and enlarging of a statute made in the twenty- Lincoln, third year of her Majesty's reign, for tire relief of the city of Not printed, Lincoln.

XXVI. And where in the parliament holden at Westminster the Pop*-nineteenth day of February in the thirty fifth year of her Majesty's 35 E"z' reign that now is, there was an act made, intituled, An act to retain the Queen's majesty's subjects in their due obedience.

XXVII. And also one other act was then and there made, intituled,

An act for the necessary relief of soldiers and mariners. 35

c. I.

c. 4.

next parlia merit} except, &c. Utfupra.

18 Anno tricesimo nono Elizabeths, c. 19. [1597.

The aforesaid fifth year of the Queen's majesty's reign that now is, intituled, fta^tcs An act for the necessary relief of soldiers and mariners, forfo much end of the thereof as shall not be altered, or otherwise provided for by any other act made in this present session of parliament, shall be in force and continue unto the end of the next parliament; any thing in this present act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XBC.

An act for the amendment of highways in Suficx, Surrey

and Kent.

Arepeal of so WHEREAS in one act of parliament made in the seven and statute ofthC* twentieth year of the retgn of our sovereign lady, the JQueen's a7 Eliz. c. 19. Majesty that now is, in one aft then made, intituled, An act for at cancerneth preservation of timber in the wields of the counties of Sussex, t^chfePairin9 Surrey and Kent, and for the amendment of highways decayed Surrey aS*"* carriage to and from iron-mills there, same remedy is provided Kent. for the impairing and (foiling of highways by the carriages of coals, mine and iron, to and from the iron-works within some tart of the said counties of Surrey and Kent, and provisions for the amend ng of highways decayed in the county of Sussex, by the said means is left out: And also the said act hath not taken the same good effect for the amendment of highways within the said counties of Surrey and Kent, as hath been expected:

II. Be it therefore enacted by our sovereign lady the Queen's majesty, the lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said act of parliament made in7 Elk. c. 19. the said seven and twentieth year of the Queen's majest/s reign, as shall concern the amendment of highways in the said counties of Surrey and Kent shall from henceforth be repealed, be

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^at occupiers'of all manner of iron-works whatsoever, as ways in the* owners or formers of the same, by any estate of inheritance, wields of Suf- for life, lives, or for term of year or years, or at will, which fe*j Surrey shall at any time hereafter carry or cause to be carried any coals, and Kent. mine or iron, to for any their iron-works, between the twelfth day of October and the first day of May in any year, shall for every three loads of coal or mine, as also for every tun of iron, which shall be carried by any manner of wain or cart, between the said twelfth day of October and the first day of May, by the space of one mile through any highways within, the said wields of Sussex, Surrey, Kent or any of them, shall pay or cause to be paid unto the justice of peace dwelling near unto the places in the said county where the highways shall be tnoft annoyed, or his assignee, the sum of three shillings; (2) the same to be levied after default of payment thereof, by such justice of peace or assignee, by way of distress of any of the goods and chattels remaining in the said county of such person as so should have paid such sum.

Carriage of

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, coals, dec. for That every person and personsj, occupier of iron-workas afore-ny iron-work said.

*597-1 Anno trittsimo nono Elizabeth. c.tg.

said, which shall at any time hereafter carry cjf catffc to be car- between the ried any coals, mine or iron, to or for any their iron-works, be- day .°J. tween the first day of May and the twelfth day of Ofiobet in any tweffthof*year, for every thirty loads of coals and mine or either of them, october. and for every ten tuns of iron, to be carried as aforesaid, one load of cinder, gravel, stone or chalk, meet for the repairing and amending of the said highways as aforesaid* to be laid and employed in such place and places of the highways as by any justice of the peace of any the counties aforesaid, dwelling near unto the places where the highways within the limits aforesaid shall be moll annoyed by any of the means aforesaid, accord* ing to the greater and more present necessity, shall be appointed and assigned, or else pay or cause to be paid, for and in allowance ot every cart-load, in manner and form aforesaid to have been so carried and laid, three shillings, within eight day£ after the demand thereof at any such iron-work made, to or from which iron-work any such carriage shall be, to the hand of the said justice of peace, or his assigns $ the same to be levied after default of payment upon the demand thereof, from time to time by way of distress: (2) And if such justice of fn defhult of peace, by reason of absence or other occasion, do not, or shall the justice of1 Hot within forty days next after the said first day of May, year- P*ace the ly assign and appoint, where and in what place of the high- ^ve^be'dif-ways the said cinder, gravel, stone or chalk, to be cafried as a- portion of the foresaid, or where or how the money thereof due, or so paid* gravel, fire, shall be imployed and bellowed \ that then the same cinder, gravel, stone or chalk, shall be laid and employed by such person or persons as by this act are to carry and lay the same, or to cause the lame to be carried and laid, in such place and places of the highways, as the surveyors within the parish for the time being, where the highways mall be most annoyed as aforesaid, shall assign or appoint; (3) or in default thereof, pay to the The fbrftituro said surveyors for every such load due and uncarried, three foil- of theuftciid«r, lings in manner and form aforesaid; (4) upon pain of forfeiture of ten shillings for every load of cinder, gravel, stone or chalk, not carried, laid and employed in the highways, or three shillings unpaid as is aforesaid, to be forfeited and paid by the person and persons which by this act ought to carry and lay, or cause to be carried and laid, the cinder, gravel, stone or cnalfc, or therefore to have paid as is aforesaid, after due convictiOrt and presentment thereof had before the justices of oyer and terminer, or justices of peace, in any of their open session or fef-.

(ions to be holden before them or any of them: (5) AH which How the jno-sum and sums of money to be forfeited by reason of this act, for or in default of carriage and laving of the said cinder, gra - ^eme^vel, stone or chalk, or payment thereof as aforesaid, shall be likewise bellowed and employed upon the amendment and repairing of the highways, at and by the discretion of any such justice of peace, as shall dwell and be resident next unto the place and places being most annoyed by the carriages aforesaid; (6) the lame to be levied by way of distress, by any constable,

C 2 tithing-

20

Anno tricesimo nono Elizabeths, c. 20. [1597.

tithing-man, headborough or otherofficer thereunto to be assigned, by warrant made in open sessions by any clerk of the peace of the county where any the offence or offences aforesaid shall be committal, or by any two justices of the peace, whereof one to be of the quorum, which were present at the sessions wherein the said conviction of or for any the offences aforesaid The penalty shall be had: (7) And if no sufficient distrefc can be found by if no distrefe the said officer appointed to levy the same, or if the said of-0211 fender do not pay the same within twenty days after a lawful

dn-par within demand of the same by the said officer to be appointed for the the time li- levying thereof as aforesaid; that then every person so denying mited. or rerasing, and not paying the same forfeiture within twenty days aforesaid, to forfeit the double sum he should before have paid, to be levied by such ways and means, as to any two of the justices of the pdace of the same county where the said offence shall be committed, whereof one to be of the quorum, shall be thought most meet: (8) The same forfeiture to be likewise employed upon the amendment of the highways, as the other forfeitures should have been, if the same had been levied according to the true intent and meaning of this statute. fn what case v. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the surveyors the surveyor or surveyors, from time to time for the time being, shall appoint within the parish where the highways shall be most annoyed, WLft uP°n default of the said justices as aforesaid, within twenty days

feail belaid/' a^cr default of the justice of peace as aforesaid, shall assign or appoint where and in what place of the highways the said cinder, gravel, stone or chalk, or the forfeiture of money to be bestowed, shall be carried and laid as aforesaid, and upon pain of forfeiture of every such surveyor or surveyors, for every Presentmeikt such default, forty shillings. (2) And the said surveyors shall of offenders at make demand according to the limitation of this present act, of feffi«ajLrter" and every such forfeiture and sums of money limited to be paid in default of such carriages as aforesaid, upon pain to forfeit for every such default, forty shillings. (3) And shall also make presentment of every such default of carnage or payment, contrary to the tenor of this present act, at the next quarter-session to be holden for the said county, where such default of carriage and payment shall be; upon pain to forfeit for every such default of presentment as aforesaid, forty shillings. (4) The one moiety of all such forfeiture and forfeitures to be to the Queen's majesty; the other moiety to such person or persons as will sue for the same, by action, bill, plaint or information, inany of her Majesty's courts of record, where no wager of law, essoin or protection shall be allowed.

CAP. XX.

An act against the deceitful stretebing and tentring of northern cloth.

No person on mof humble and dutiful wife Jbeweth* befecching your Highness,

the north side A your true and faithful subjects, the clothiers and chapmen of your of Trent shall counties of York, Lancaster, and other your Highness counties on stretchor J't}>e

1597.] Anno tricesimo nono Elizabeths, c. 20. '21

the north side of the river of Trent, That notwithstanding the many strain any good and wholfim laws heretofore made for the true making of good^ul^an

' and true clothes and kersies, which lawsy either by some wants in the tento^&cf statutes already made> or for lack of the due execution of the said laws, Thii act ex-have not only not refrained the great abuse in making of clothes and tended as to kerfus^ but rather have encreased the fame\ (2) insomuch that the VmW!Lj&c' to said northern clothes and kersies do yearly and daily grow worse and cfothes. worse, and are made more light, and much more Jiretched andftrain- &c. ed than heretofore they have been, to the great deceit of all nations 43 Eliz.c. 10. where the fail clothes and kersies are fold> and to the great Shame and flander of the country where the same is made, and within Short time t\t % cnfuinu' like utterly to overthrow the trade of cloth-making in those countries, the stretch ing whereupon so many thousands of your subjects do now live and are of northern maintained: (3) Whish great enormities your faithful subjects do clothes, and chiefly impute to the great member of tenters and other engines daily [hereof/5 used and practised in the said counties for the stretching andframing Cog-wart, &c. of the said clothes and kersies: (4.) For remedy and redrew where- made in C*m-of, your fiud subjects humbly beseech your most excellent Ma- bertaud, jesty, that it may plea<e your Highnefe, with the assent of , 6.

lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present 5 & 6 Ed. 6. parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, it may r. 4. be enacted, any statute or law whatsoever to the contrary not* withstanding, That no person or persons within any the counties aforesaid, from and after the twentieth day of September now next coming, shall stretch or strain, or cause to be stretched or strained, any clothes, dozens, kersies, peniftonfes, ruggs, frizes, kighley whites, plain greys, or.any other clothes, by what name or names soever they be cailea, matte or hereafter to be

made within the said counties of York, Lancaster, or any other the counties on the north of Trent; upon pain to forfeit for every default five pounds.

II. And further, That no person or persons, from and after the said twentieth day of September, within the counties aforesaid, or any of them, shall have, use or occupy any tenter, of what fort or kind soever, or any manner of wrinch, rope or other engines, to stretch or strain any clothes, kersies, dozens, ' penistones, ruggs, frizes, cottons, kighley whites, plain greys, or any other cloth, of what kind or name soever it or they be calied, made, wrought or to be made or wrought, within the said counties; (2) upon pain that every offender that shall have or use, or exercise any such tenter, of what fort or kind soever, or any manner of rope, wrinch, ring-head or engine, shall forfeit for every such default twenty pounds.

III. And further, That every person or persons within the Northern counties aforesaid, or any of them, which shall make or cause , ade of such to be made any clothes, kersies, dozens, cottons, penistones, weights, plain greys, kighley whites, frizes, or any other cloth, by what lengths and name or names soever it or they be calied, shall make the same breadths, as by of such weights, lengths and breadths, as by the statutes of

this realm already in force is provided, under the pains in the '* "

same statutes contained; (2) Arid before the same be sold or of-

C3.fered

thereof.

21 Anno tricesimo nono Elizabeth-, c. 20. [1597.

(bred to be sold, shall set his seal of lead unto every of the same dpthes, kersies, dozens, cottons, plain greys, penistones, kigbley whites, frizes, or by what name or names it or they be called -A {f*°fk* In which foid seal of lead shall be contained the true and just wry northern ^6^ an^ the true and just weight at the lead of every such Cloth, contain kersie, dozen, cotton, penistone, plain greys, kighley

ing the length whites, frizes, or by what name or names soever it of they and weight shall be calied, as it shall be duly found by due proof thereof to be tried by water or weight; (3) upon pain to forfeit every cloth, dozen, cotton, kersie, penistone, plain greys, kighley whites, frizes or other cloth, by what name or names soever it or they be calied, which shall be made within any the counties aforesaid, whereunto such seal as is aforesaid shall not be put and set: (4) And in case, upon proof to be made by water or Weight, of any such clothps, kersies, dozens, cottons, peni-stones, plain greys, kighley whites, frizes, or any other cloth as is aforesaid, shall be found of less weight, or of smaller content in lepgth, than is contained or specified in any of the said seals, that the owner of every such clothes, kersies, dozens, cottons, penistones, plain greys, kighley whites and frizes, or any other cloth, by what name or names soever they be called as aforesaid, or any other person or persons in whole hands or possessions any fuen clothes, kersies, dozens, cottons, penistones. The forfei- plain greys, kighley whites, frizes or any other doth, by what*t ie* name or name$ soever they be calied, shall be found, shall forfeit

weight.^for every yard wanting in length, four shillings, and for every pound wanting in weight, two shillings.

IV. And for the better and more speedy and effectual reforming of all such abuses as is aforesaid, be it further enac1e<J, That in every parish, town, village and hamlet within the counties aforesaid, where any clothes, kersies, dozens, cottons, penistones, plain greys, kighley whites, frizes or any other doth, by what name or names soever they be calied, shall be made or fold, the justices of peace of the same shire or riding, or two of them at the least, and in every city, borough or town corporate, the head officer or officers of every of the same dty, borough or town corporate, together with some one or two of the justices of the peace of the shire or riding next adjoining to such city, borough or town corporate, shall have full power and authority, and shall by virtue of this act once every year at the least, and as often as they shall think good, to convent and call Overseers of before them by their precept or otherwise, two, four, fix or cloth-making eight, or more, as they shall think good by their discretion, of poinMbvthe most honed, discreet and able men of every such city, town, jdHces of village, hamlet or parish where any such cloth shall be made or peace or head fold, and them shall cdnstitute, ordain and appoint to be over-officer of cor- seers for one whole year, or six months, or shorter time, at their porate towns* discretions, then next following, within the city, borough, town, village, hamlet or parish where the same overseers shall be dwelling, (2) and shall and may take them sworn and bound in recognisance of forty pounds a-piece, to the use of your most excellent

2 Majesty

n

1597.] Anno tricesimo non© E1.12sABEfHZR.-c. 2©.

Majesty and your (bccessors, to do their bed endeavour by all lawful ways and means for their time, to fee that this statute in all points shall be truly observed and kept within the limits of thebr change in every part thereof > (3) and that the Yame over-seers, or two of them, mall once every month at the lean, or 0, ^1 majte'so often as need shall require, or they shall think fit by their search. discretiona, by force hereof visit and go into all or any house or hpuses, (hops or other rooms of any clothiers, drapers, cloth-workers, or of toy other person or persons whatsoever, where any of the said doth shall be, and there to make due feaich, and view the fiune made or remaining to be sold, and to take, (batch and try, as well by weight, water or any other way whatsoever, the fiud clothes, kersies, dozens, cottons, peninones, kighly whines, and frizes, or any other clothes, by what name or mows they he «U«1: (4) And if any ^thesaforesaid, upon Search thereof, mail not be found to be leaLpd with a Teal, con- default offeal-tainung the length and might as aforesaid, that the clothier ipg. and every owner of the fiud doth, shall forfeit every such cloth, kersies, dozens, cottons* penistones, kighley whites and frizes, or any other doth, by what name or names soever they be calied, made within the counties aforesaid, not so facted, and /old or offered to be sold; (5) and the said overseers and every of them shall and may seise and carry away the fiune so forfaited as aforesaid, and present the same to the justices of peace at the next quarter-fdfions, to be by them disposed of hereafter is m these presents limited and appointed,

V. And if the fiud overseers shall find any false foal or mark The penalty to be fed upon any cloth aforesaid, or shall upon fearfch as afore- for fating said find the same clothes aforesaid to be stretched or drained, falfo real, or then the lame overseers shall present the fiune defaults unto the ^stretchin^ justices at the next quarter-sessions, and the names of the own- of cloth, ers or possessbrs of such clothes, kersies, dozens, cottons, per nistones, kighley whites and frizes, or any other clothes by what name or names they be calied, so found defective; (2) and if any manner of person or persons, at any time after the said twentieth day of Siptmber shall deny, ' withstand or withhold any clothes, kersies, dozens, cottons, penistones, kighley The forfei-whites and frizes, or any other cloth by what name or names turn for wifor soever they be calied, from the said overseers or any of them, holding of or will not suffer them to enter into any of the houses, (hops, rooms or other places where any such clothes shall be; that then search.' every such person or persons so denying or withstanding shall for the first offence forfeit and lose ten pounds, and for the second offence twenty pounds, and for the third offence, being thereof lawfully convicted by verdkft of twelve men and two sufficient witnesses, shall stand apon the pillory in the next market-town.

(3) And if any of the said persons so commanded to appear to be made overseers as aforesaid, and having noreasonable excuse, refuse to come and take upon him or them to be overseers as aforesaid, that then every such pevfon so refilling, and having no yeafonaple pxpufe so to do, shall forfeit for every such refilling

£* five

Anno tricesimo nono Elizabeths, c.zo.

[1597.

five pounds; the one half thereof to be to your most excellent Majesty, and your successors, and the other half to the justices of the peace or other head officer or officers by whole commandorient he was appointed to appear to be overseer; (4) and foridRotin^to ^amc ovcl^cers f° offending, to remain in the ward of the be overseer. sheriff, bailiff or other head officer, until such time as be hath made payment of the forfeiture, or otherwise put in sufficient bond for the satisfaction of the same.

The overseers

VI. And to the end that the said clothes, kersies, dozens, shall fix a seal cottons, penistones, kighley whites, and frizes, or any other of lead to the clothes by what name or names loever they be calied, lo to be clothe*. viewed and searched, may be the better known; (2) it is therefore enafied. That the said overseers shall fix unto every kind of the clothes aforesaid, a seal of lead containing the length and the weight of every such clothes (together with this wordsearch-e£) (3) which cloth so sealed by the said overseers shall not be searched, tried or viewed by any other searcher or overseer of any other city, borough, town, village, parish.or hamlet, by virtue of his or their said office or offices; any thing in this a<& or in any other statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

The penalty

VII. And further, the said clothiers and other inhabitants do forfetting of humbly pray, that it may be likewise enacted, That if any per-omk^the8' ^on or Per°os^ut ft*ph as are appointed, assigned and per-away wuhout* by this act, or their servants or deputies, do at anytime

warrant. after the said twentieth day of September counterfeit or set to, or willingly and wittingly take away from, any the said clothes, kersies, dozens, cottons, penistones, kighley whites and frizes, or any oth.er doth, by what name or names soever they be calied, made within the counties aforesaid, any of the seals so to be fixed as above is recited; that then every person so offending shall for jthe first offence forfeit and lose ten pounds; (2) and for the fecon$l offence, being thereof lawfully convicted by the verdict of twelve men and two sufficient witnesses, stand upon the pillory, and lose and forfeit to your most excellent Majesty, your heirs and successors, twenty pounds.

Justice of

VIII. And to the end that the said statutes and laws aforesaid ioSftaWes and may more effectually executed, and all stretching and falsi-©verfeers may fy*ng any the clothes aforesaid taken away, it may be also en-fearefr for 7 acted. That every justice of the peace, head constable or other ropes, rings, the overseers aforesaid, shall have full y ,icr and lawful autho-

ai^nde(ace&C ritYto ent^rn or upon any mcfthages, tenements, houses, them. buildings, lands or grounds of any person or persons whatsoever,

to search for any such tenters of what fort or kind soever, or any manner of ropes, rings, heads, wrinches or other engines w hatsoever, whereby any fa](hood or deceit may be used in or about the stretching and (training of any the said clothes, ker-lies, dozens, trizes, cottons, penistones and kighley whites, or any other cloth by what name or names soever they be called or any of them: (2) And that if they should find any such tenters of what fort or kind soever, or any manner of ropes, rings, heads, wrings or engines, they shall and may utterly deiface the same.

1597.] Anno tricesimo nono Elizabeths, c. 20. 25

same, in such fort as they cannot be employed again to any such use: (3) And if any person or persons with whom any such The punish-shall once have been found, shall after that be known to have mentfor the or use any such tenter of what fort or kind soever, or any man- second offence, ner of rope, ring, head, wrinch, wring or engine; that then they the said justices, head constables or overseers, or any of them, within the several precincts, shall take and fell the same to the belt value thereof, and by the content of two justices of peace within the same county, aifpose the money thereof coming to the poor of that parish where the same shall be so taken:

(4; And that upon complaint made or information given of

any such tenter of what fort or kind soever, or any manner of

rope, head, ring, wrinch or wring or any other engine, to any

justice of peace, every one of them to whom such complaint

shall be made or information given, shall within (even days next ensuing such complaint or information given, repair to the

place where the same shall be so had and used, and then and

there execute this law as aforesaid, upon the pain hereafter in this present act expressed: (5) And that if any person or per- The forfeiture

fons shall withstand or refill any such justice of peace or other for refilling of

head officers, in or about, touching or concerning the execution search*

of the premisses, every such person or persons shall forfeit and suffer, as is before limited for refilling the overseers in the search.

IX. And if any the justices or justice of peace, within the A justice'* for-Jimits or bounds of his or their commission, mall be negligent feiture for be-or make default in doing of any thing touching or concerning jn^ncf*gc"* the due or true execution of this statute or any thing therein liJ>nof contained, every such justice of peace for every such default duty herein, shall forfeit and lose five pounds, (a) And that all such forfeitures as shall happen or grow by reason of this act, shall be one

third thereof to such person or persons as shall be then overseers. Who lhatl one other third part to the use of our sovereign lady the Queen's have the for-majesty, and one other third part to the use of the poor, to be fclturct* implpyed to the use of the poor in such fort as the justices of peace, in their quarter-sessions to be holden next after judgment had or given for the same, shall limit and appoint.

X. And that the said justices of peace in their quarter-sessions Justices of shall and may esquire, hear and determine every fault or offence P*aC€ shall made or done contrarjofo this present act or any thing therein te^riiric the' contained, except the offences committed and forfeitures made aforesaid of-by the justices of peace, by presentment, bijl or information, fences, and upon proof thereof made by the testimonyof two sufficient witnesses openly given to the jury, and then upon presentment

made by the jury, to give order for the execution of this statute, and every clause therein contained^ and for the recovery of the penalties aforesaid, to the uses aforesaid.

XI. And that the justices of assize shall and may esquire,

hear and determine every fault or offence made or done by any jj^etrohie justice of peace contrary to this present act, in neglect of their the offences of duty, in or ?bout, touching or concerning the execution of the justice of

this peace.

Searching of northern clothes brought to

fcld.

26 Anno tricesimo nono Elizabeth, 0.21, -44- Cr597*

this presentcV, 2nd upon proof thereof made by two sufficient witnesses, and by the presentment of the jury, shall and may give, order for recovery and employment of the penalties and forfeitures by them committed and made, to the uses aforesaid:

(2) And for default of justice to be done, in manner and farm aforesaid, by the justices of peace or justices of affixe, then the one moiety of all such forfeitures to be the one half there* of to her Majesty, and the other to him that will sue for the same by action of debt, bill, plaint, information, any

of her Majesty's court or courts of record at JVtflimJbry in which no wager of law, protection or efibm shall be admitted or allowed.

XII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every kind of clothes aforesaid, by what name soever they he calied, which Audi be made after London to be the day aforesaid, within the counties aforesaid, and brought up to the city of Londm, to be sold there, shall be brought into the common cloth-market place within the said city, commonly called Rladrwell-Hally to be there searched dry, without wetting, and out of market-times, by the rearchers of the said city; upon pain that every owner of any such cloth, shall forfeit for every such cloth not so brought into the market, forty shillings; (2) and upon pain that every fe archer that shall search at any time in the market-times, to the disturbance of the sale of such clothes in the market there, shall forfeit for every such search so made five pounds, (a) All which said forfeitures (had be the one moiety to the use of our sovereign lady the Queen's majesty, her heirs and succestars; the other to such person or persons as shall sue for the same by adh'on of debt or information, in which feit no Wager of law, protection or essoin shall be admitted or allowed.

CAP. XXI.

There shall be it further taxation for the relief of soldiers and mariners where sufficient was not provided by the statute of jjEJix. c. 4. The greatest rate of every parish to be taxed shall be eight pence, and the Jeaft two pence weekly. Another provision if the rate be not sufficient for the Ibfdiers and mariners in London. Treasurers shall be appointed by the justices. The justices may alter the relief of soldiers and mariners. EXP. 43 Elia. c. 3. 43 Elie. c. 9.

CAP. XXII.

An act for the establishment of the bishoprick of Norwich and the pofleffious of the fiunc, against a certain pretended concealed title made thereunto.

Cap. xxiir.

The inhabitants of the county of Monmouth shall stand chargeable for the making andrepaaring of Newport and Cariion bridges over the river of U(k, as need shall require: And such order shall be observed for the assessment, gathering and employraent of the money thereupon to be spent, as is appointed by the statute of as H. 8. c. 5. But no town corporate shall be chargeable to be contributory thereunto, which is bound by any law to make or repair any bridge over any main riven

CAP. XXIV.

A convenient bridge of stone or timber or both, shall be made and finish-

pd at Wilton upon Wye in the county of H$refqrd, near unto the town

..... ftf

x597*l Anno tricesimo nono Elizabeth c. 25.

of Ross, by the inhabitants of the said county, in such place there at by the justices of peace of the county shall be appointed, within seven years next after the dUTohition of this parliament, being the ninth day of February in the year of our Lord God one thousand five hundred ninety-seven. Pontic shall be taken of the same bridge in form following and not otherwise, nnx. every per foe shall pay for every cart, carr or wain laden, driven over the said bridge, two pence $ and for every horse Udeo with a pack, one penny; and far every ten (heap or upward to twenty, two-peace* and for every twenty fhcep, tbrtfe-pervce*and for* five oeads to the number of twenty, two-pence j and for every twenty bcasts, six pence \ and so proportionably according to that rate., Twoourgefles of the town of Rots and two freeholders of the county of Hereford, shall be yearly chosen cojto&ors of the said pontage; to whom or to thehr deputies it (hah be lawful to distrain and impound any person's beads, (beep. &c. refusing to pay the said pontage* A»d the said collectors shall yearly pay to Charles Bridges, nis hen s or assigns (upon whose land the bridge shall be builded) ten pounds at the fealtof $t. MhdtaeL And the said collectors shall yearly make account of the profits of {be said pontage. A proviso to discharge them and their-heirs chat dp yearly pay corn to the keepers of the potting the re, for their pontage,

CAP. XXV.

An act for the enlarging of the statute made for following

hue and cry., in the twenty-seventh year

reign, in some fort to relieve the inhabitants of the /mil hundred of Benhurst, in cases where they are in9 voluntary default, and yet are or shall be charged by the same statute, and by the two ancient fam; the one made the thirteenth year, of King Edward the First; the other in the twenty-eighth year of King Edward the Third, for strejfing of robberies.

IN most humble wife befteebe/th year most Majesty the poor Remedy for

inhabitants of the hundred of Beynerfh alias Benhurst, with- the inhabi-in the county of Berks, That whereas the said hundred doth tants of the only of five small villages, and three firm quillets or and Benhurst?n

hath lying through it two great road-highways} the one leading from the county of London to Henley upon Thames, the other from London to Berks for re. Reacting; and either of them at the leaf three miles in length, with- covel7 of such in the great woody ground called the Thicket, and no one of the same villages standeth upon or adjoining to either of the said ways, but lie tainedofthem dispersedly far from the same: Neither have the inhabitants of the by force of the same hundred any open or common fields, either arable or other, ad- statute of7 joining or lying near to fiuh parts of the same ways (within the Thecaufea thicket) as are most apt for robberies to be done, whereby they may tj, at t|, e inha-have their servants or workmen labouring within the view of the same bitantt of the ways, to take notice of the robberies done; and therefore the said in- hundred of habitants cannot welt baste any speedy notice or intelligence of any rob- ft can*

bery which shall be there committed, unkfs tht party or parties robbed^erfrobbe-should give the same unto them: And the fevered lengths and manner riea done of the lying of the same ways art fitch, as all the able men of the same there.

small hundred cannot ft watch the same fevered ways, as that thereby robberies may be prevented: (2) And whereas notice of such robberies as have been of late. yearfdone there, hope been for the most part

given

i8

i3EdvK*stat.a< c. v.

*8 Ed. j.c. ii,

Anno tricesimo nono Elizabeths. 0, 25. [1597.

given by the party robbed, at the town of Maidenhead, which is out of that hundred, and three miles distant from the aforesaid tbievish places in the thicket where the robberies are moji usually done, and yet upon such notice of robberies given at Maidenhead aforesaid, being out of the hundred, there hath been lately, within one year, the sum of twelve score and fifteen pounds recovered upon the aforesaid statutes, against the /mail hundred of Beynerfh alias Benhurst, which had no notice of the same robberies, whereby many of the poor inhabitants thereof have been and are utterly impoverished, to the utter ruin and overthrow of them, their wives and children \ (3) and many other the like extremities may, by the aforesaidstatutes, fall upon them, though it lieth not in their power (as well for want of notice as otherwise) to perform the same statutes, so as the inhabitants thereof are like to be generally impoverished, or enforced to remove their dwellings into same other hundred, without some relief shall be for them in that behalf provided: (4) That it may be enacted by the authority of this present ^parliament, That the inhabitants of the said hundred of beyner/b, alias Benhuft, shall and may to their own proper use, in the name of the clerk of the peace of the said county of Berk/hire, recover, have and levy all such sums of money, cods and damages, as hereafter shall be recovered or levied of or against them by the aforesaid statutes, or any of them, against the inhabitants or refiants of every or any such hundred, with the franchises within the precincts thereof, wherein negligence, fault or defect of such pursuit and frefti suit, as by the said statute of the seven and twentieth year of your Majesty's reign is appointed to be made, shall happen to be, after notice given or hue and cry brought to the same inhabitants or refiants, or any of them, of or upon any robbery which shall be at any time hereafter done within the said hundred of Beynerfh, alias Benhurst: (5) And that this present a ft shall give as full power and authority in all respects, to the inhabitants of the said hundred of Beynerfh, alias Benhurst, in the name of the clerk of the peace of the said county, for recovery, having and levying, of all the said money, costs and damages as aforesaid, as the aforesaid statute of the seven and twentieth year of your Majesty's reign, gave or intended to give for the recovery of a moiety or one half thereof.

II. Provided always, and it is enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no such remedy or recovery shall be had by this statute, for all or the whole sum or sums of money and damages as aforesaid; but only in these two cases, viz. (2; The one where no such notice or intelligence (as by the said statute of the seven and twentieth year of your Majesty's reign was appointed to be given of every or any robbery) shall be given to the inhabitants of the said hundred of Beynerfh, alias Benhurst: (3) The other, where the inhabitants of the same hundred (after such notice of any robbery to them or some of them given, or after hue and cry to them for the same brought) shall make or cause to be made fresh suit and pursuit after the offenders, with horsemen and footmen, according to the said statute of the seven and

twentieth

1610.] Anno quadragesimo tertio Elizabeths, c.i. 29

twentieth year of your Majesty's reign, and where nevertheless7 EH*-c*3* the offenders, or any or one of them, shall not be apprehended within forty days after the robbery committed!

CAP. XXVI.

A confirmation of three subsidies of four shillings in the pound granted to the Queen by the clergy, to be paid at fix several days. EXP.

CAP. XXVII.

A confirmation of three entire subsidies and fix fifteens and tenths granted to the Queen by the temporally. EXP.

Cap. xxviii.

A confirmation of the Queen's general and free pardon. Except, Qfo

r EXP»

Anno quadragesimo tertio Regina Elizabeths.

AT the parliament begun and bolden at Westminster the seven and twentieth day of October in the three and fortieth year of the reign of our most gracious sovereign lady Elizabeth, by the grace of God, of England, France and Ireland, Queen, defender of the &c. And there continued until the dissolution thereof, being the nineteenth of December next following, one thousand six hundred one'. To the high pleasure of Almighty God, and the

this realm, were enabled as followeth.

CAP. I.

An act for confirmation of grants made to the Queen's Majesty, &c. and pY_ of letters patents made by her Highness to others.

Aflurancesmade to or for the Queen of any lands, tfr. fin ce Feb. 8. anno of I*

her reign; and all letters patents made by the Queen to others since that time,

&c. confirmed. To what letters patents this statute doth extend, and to 1 Ko11, 3f.what not. A saving of the right of others. Sales of the Queen's lands to be made by force of a commission in being before the end of the fel-fion of parliament confirmed. Letters patents shall be expounded beneficially for the patentee. Mif-naming, misrecital, non-recital of the lands: Lack of finding of offices: Mif-recital or non-recital of leases r Mif recital or non-recital of the Queen's estate: No estate tail recited t Lack of certainty, calling, rating of the yearly rent or value: The lands valued at more or left than they be: Mif-naming or not true naming of the places where the lands lie*The lack of the true naming of the lands, and of the kinds, forts, Gfr. Mifnaraing of the corporation: Lack of attornment, livery and seisin: Mif-naming of the late tenants^ Mif-naming of the late owners notwithstanding. Letter# patents of offices excepted. Recompence for the overplus of lands sold by the Queen to be made by the rate of threescore years punchafe.

Certain grants excepted. Patents of concealed lands. Patents made by warrant of of authorised to make composition with others.

Parents decreed to be void by act of parliament, or in any of the Queen's courts of record. Monopolies. Patents touching penal statutes. The right of others saved. Patents of lands whereof there is an estate-tail in the Queen, leases made to the Queen by the bishop'Of Carlisle excepted. 34 & 35 H. 8. c. 21. 1 Ed. 6. c. 8. 7 Ed. 6, c. 3. 4 & 5 Ph. U M. c. 1. 18 El. c. a. 35 El. c. j.

Anno quadragesimo tertio Elizabethae, c. 2. [1601.

CAP. II.

An act for the relief of the poor.

BE it enacted by the authority of this present parliament. That the church-wardens of every parHh, and four, three or two substantial housholders there, as shall be thought meet, having respect to the proportion and greatness of the same parish and parishes, to be nominated yearly in Easttr week, or within — Geo % - one month after Rafter, under the hand and seal of two or more a6 Geo. a. justices of the peace in the same county, whereof one to be of c. 18. the fuirum, dwelling in or near the same parish or division

Mod. Cases in where the same parish doth fie, shall be called overseers of the ^MoS' T Poor ^amc: anc* t^cy> or the greater part of them, Cro. Car. 9*'. than take order from time to time, by and with the consent of Who shall be two or more such justices of peace as is aforesaid, for setting to raxed towards work the children of all such whose parents shall not by the the Tpoor°^church-wardens and overseers, or the greater part of them,

A convenient be thought able to keep and maintain their children j and also flock shall be for setting to work all such persons, married or unmarried, provided to having no means to maintain them, and use no ordinary and on worfT* trcde of life to get their living by: and also to raise week-

ly or otherwise (by taxation of every inhabitant, parson, vicar and other, and of every occupier of lands, houses, tithes impropriate, propriations of tithes, coal-mines, or saleable underwoods in the said parish, in such competent sum and sums of money as they shall think fit) a convenient stock of flax, hemp, wool, thread, iron and other necessary ware and fluff, to set the poor on work: and also competent (ums of money for and to-The nanus of wards the necessary relief of the lame, impotent, old, blind, and such as re- fudi other among them, being poor and not able to work, and cave coUec- a]f0 for tjjC putting out of such children to be apprentices, to be feredina^ out of the same parish, according to the ability of the

took. same parish, and to do and execute all other things, as well for

3 &4 W.& M. the disposing of the said stock as otherwise concerning the pre-c. zi. f. ii. misses* as to them shall seem convenient:

The overseers

II. Which laid church-wardens and overseers so to be nominated, or such of them as shall not be lett by sickness or other just excuse, to be allowed by two such justices of peace or more as is aforesaid, shall meet together at the lead once every month in the church of the said parish, upon the Sunday in the afternoon after divine service, there to consider of some good course to be taken, and of some meet order to be set down in the pre- i misles; (2) and shall within four days after the end of their year, and after other overseers nominated as aforesaid, make and yield up to such two justices of peace as is aforesaid, a true and perfect account of all sums of money by them received, or rated and sessed and not received, and also of such stock as shall be in their hands, or in the hands of any of the poor to work, and of The overseers all other things concerning their laid office 5 (3) and such sum account. or fams of money as shall be in their hands, shall pay and deliver over to the said church-wardens and overseers newly nominated

shall meet once every month.

«.Bulftr. 345, &c. 358.

5 Mod. 179.

go

Who shall be overseers for the poor; their office, duty and account, &c. Eliz. c. 3.

1601.] Anno quadragesimo terdo Elizabeths c.a. 31

inated and appointed as aforesaid; (4) upon pain that every ovtrfetn one of them absenting themselves without lawful cause as aforesaid, from such monthly meeting for the purpose aforesaid, or negligence, being negligent in their office, or in the execution of the orders aforesaid, being made by and with the assent of the said indices of peace, or any two of them before-mentioned, to forfeit for every such default of absence or negligence twenty shillings.

III. And be it also enacted, That if the said justices of peace do perceive, that the inhabitants of any parish are not able to habitant* of- levy among themselves sufficient sums of money for the pur- any parish are poses aforesaid 5 That then the said two justices shall and may not aMc to re-tax, rate and assess as aforesaid, any other of other parishes, or*!*.*!* P00^ out of any parish, within the hundred where the said parish is,ventr*©. to pay such sum and sums of money to the church-wardens and church war-overseers of the said poor parish for the said purposes, as the deni, See. way said justices shall think fit, according to the intent of this law: maJc? m

(2) and if the said hundred shall not be thought to the said £eS£^ justices able and fit to relieve the said several parishes not able &c. to provide for themselves as aforesaid; Then the justices of 13^4 Car.* peace at their general quarter-sessions, or the greater number ofc* 1*f-xl* them, shall rate and assess as aforesaid, any other of other parishes, or out of any parish, within the said county for the purposes aforesaid, as in their discretion shall seem fit.

IV. And that it shall be lawful, as well for the present as A remedy for subsequent church-wardens and overseers, or any of them, by the levying of warrant from any two such justices of peace, as is aforesaid, to^JJ?ncy levy as well the said sums of money, and all arrearages, of every*"5*1, one that shall refofe to contribute according as they shall be

assessed, by distress and sale of the offender's goods, as the sums of money or (lock which shall be behind upon any account to be made as aforesaid, rendring to the parties the overplus; (2) Imprisonment and in defect of such distress, it shall be lawful for any such twq j* defmolt of* justices of the peace to commit him or them to the common dlftrefe* gaol of the county, there to remain without bail or undnprize until payment of the said sum, arrearages and stock: (3) and Imprisonment the said justices of peace, or any one of them, to send to the °l'those that house of correction or common gaol, such as shall not employ W1" not work' themselves to work, being appointed thereunto, as aforesaid:

(4) and also any such two justices of peace to commit to the said Refufers to prison every one of the said church-wardens and overseers which acfun

shall refuse to account, there to remain without bail or main- -

prize until he have made a true account, and satisfied and paid lb much as upon the said account shall be remaining in his hands.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Binding ot

said church-wardens and overseers, or the greater part of them, children ap-by the assent of any two justices of the peace aforesaid, to bind^t

any such children, as aforesaid, to be apprentices, where they 3 Car.Y. c*! shall fee convenient, till such man-child shall come to the age Farther provt-of four and twenty years, and such woman-child to the age of A*" relating one and twenty years, or the time of her marriage; the same*

to

32 Anno quadragesimo tertio Elizabeth^, c. 2. [1601.

s &9 W. j. to be as effectual to all purposes, as if such child were of full £3*/ s* age, and by indenture of covenant bound him or her self. (2) to mt£nt that necessary places of habitation may more turnedover to conveniently be provided for such poor impotent people; (3) ibefea-fcrvitt, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may \ Ann. be lawful for the said church-wardens and overseers, or the 6 6* greater part of them, by the leave of the lord or lords of the

Building of manfor, whereof any waste or common within their parish is houses on the or shall be pareel, and upon agreement before with him or waste for the them made in writing, under the hands and seals of the said Eabit° m lord or lords, or otherwise, according to any order to be set 9 Geo. t. c. 7. down by the justices of peace of the said county at their general quarter-sessions, or the greater part of them, by like leave and agreement of the said lord or lords in writing under his or their hands and seals, to erect, build, and set up in fit and convenient places of habitation in such wade or common, at the general charges of the parish, or otherwise of the hundred or county, as aforesaid, to be taxed, rated and gathered in manner before expressed, convenient houses of dwelling for the said impotent poor; (4) and also to place inmates, or more families than one m one cottage or house; one act made in the one and ji £1. c. 7* thirtieth year of her Majesty's reign, intituled, An act against the ere fling and maintaining of cottage, f, or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: (5) which cottages'and places for inmates shall not at any time after be used or em-

Kto or for any other habitation, but only for impotent or of the same parish, that shall be there placed from time* to time by the church-wardens and overseers of the poor of the same parish, or the most part of them, upon the pains and forfeitures contained in the said former act made in the said oqe and thirtieth year of her Majesty's reign.

A remedy for

XXI. Provided always, That if any person or persons shall ^beinselves grieved with any fess or tax, or other act done fetos graved^church-wardens and other persons, or by the said

with any ux. judices of peace; that then it shall be lawful for the judices of peace, at their general quarter-sessions, or the greater number of them, to take such order therein, as to them shall be thought convenient; and the same to conclude and bind all the said parties*

Poor persons

VII. And be it further enacted, That the father and grand-relieved by father, and the mother and grandmother, and the children of theh parents every poor, old, blind, lame and impotent person, or other OTGw! 1 c 8. Poor not able to work, being of a sufficient ability, shall,

I Bullir. 344. a* their own charges, relieve and maintain every such poor person in that manner, and according to that rate, as by the judices of peace of that county where such sufficient persons dwell, or the greater number of them, at their general quarter-sessions shall be assessed; (2) upon pain that every one of shem shall forfeit twenty shillings for every month which they shall fail therein.

16ox.] Anno quadragesimo tertio Elizabeths, c.a. 33

VIII. And be it further hereby enacted, That the mayors, Officers of bailiffs, or other head officers of every town and place corporate corP°rate and city within this realm, being justice or justices of peaoe, [he authority shall have the same authority by virtue of this act, within the of justices or limits and precincts of their junfdictions, as well out of sessions, peace.

as at their sessions, if they hold any, as is herein limited, prescribed and appointed to justices of the peace of the county, or

any two or more of them, or to the justices of peace in their quarter-sessions, to do and execute for all the uses and purposes

in this a & prescribed, and no other justice or justices of peace to

enter or meddle there: (2) and that every alderman of the city Aldermen of

of London within his ward, shall and may do and execute in London. 1

every respect so much as is appointed and allowed by this act

to be done and executed by one or two justices of peace of any

county within this realm.

IX. And be it also enacted, That if it shall happen any A parish ex-parish to extend it self into more counties than one, or part to tendinginto lie within the liberties of any city, town or place corporate, and fntoUt^o7i>-or

1 part without, That then as well the justices of peace of every bmicr° - county, as also the head officers of such city, town or place cor- 1 Bulftx. 351* porate shall deal and intermeddle only in so much of the said parish as lieth within their liberties, and not any further: (2) and evety of them respectively within their several limits, wards and jurisdictions, to execute the ordinances before-mentioned concerning the nomination of overseers, the consent to binding apprentices, the giving warrant to levy taxations unpaid, the taking account of church-wardens and overseers, and the committing to prison such as refuse to account, or deny to pay the arrearages due upon their accounts; (3) and yet nevertheless, the said church-wardens and overseers, or the most part of them, of the said parishes that do extend into such several limits and jurisdictions, shall, without* dividing themselves, duly execute their office in all places within the said parish, in all things to them belonging, and shall duly exhibit and make one account before the said head officer of the town or place corporate, and one other before the said justices of peace, or any such two of them, as is aforesaid.

X. And further be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The justices if in any place within this realm there happen to be hereafter forfeiture for no such nomination of overseers yearly, as is before appointed, oversed That then every justice of peace of the county, dwelling within ov r er$* the division where such default of nomination shall happen, and every mayor, alderman and head officer of city, town or place corporate where fudh default shall happen, shall lose and forfeit for every such default five pounds, to be employed towards the relief of the poor of the said parish or place corporate, and to be levied, as aforesaid, of their goods, by warrant from the general sessions of the peace of the said'county, or of the same city, town or place corporate, if they keep sessions.

XI. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the for-all penalties and forfeitures before-mentioned in this act to be^l^vTed'and

impioyeU#

34 Anno quadragesimo tertio Elizabeth. c.»/[1610.

forfeited by any person or persons, shall go and be employed to the use of the poor of the tame parish, and towards a flock and habitation for them, and other necessary uses and relief, as before in this act are mentioned and expressed; (2) and shall be levied by the said church-wardens and overseers, or one of them, by warrant from any two such justices of peace, or mayor, alderman, or head officer of city, town or place corporate respectively within their several limits, by distress and sale thereof, as aforesaid \ -(3) or in defect thereof, it shall be lawful for any two such justices of peace, and the said aldermen and head officers within their several limits, to commit the offender to the Cud prison, there to remain without bail or mainprize till the said forfeitures shall be satisfied and paid.

The jufbces

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, very Mrish to That the justices of peace of every county or place corporate, a JtMy sum. or the more part of them, in their general sessions to beholden a fiulftr. 553. next after the feast of Eajitr next, and so yearly as often as they shall think meet, shall rate every parish to such a weekly sum of money as they shall think convenientj (2) so as no parish be rated above the sum of six-pence, nor under the sum of a half-peny, weekly to be paid, and so as the total sum of such taxation of the parishes in every county amount not above the rate of two-pence for every parish within the said county: (3) which sums so taxed shall be yearly afieffed by the agreement of the parishioners within themselves, or in default thereof, by the church-wardens and petty constables of the same parish, or the more part of them: or in default of their agreement, by the order of such justice or justices of peace as mail dwell in the same parish, or (if none be there dwelling) in the parts next adjoining.

XIII. And if any person shall refuse or neglect to pay any p&y money such portion of money so taxed, it shall be lawful for the said taxed. church-wardens and constables, or any of them, or in their default, for any justice of peace of the Cud limit, to levy the same by distress and sale of the goods of the party so refuting or neglecting, rendring to the party the overplus: (2) and in default of such distress, it shall be lawful to any justice of that limit to commit such person to the said prison, there to abide without bail or mainprize till he have paid the same.

Relief for the

XIV. And be it also enacted, That the said justices of peace prisoner* of at their general quarter-sessions to be holden at the time of such bench mar- taxat*°u, shall fetdown what competent sums of money shall be foalsea, hof- sent quarterly out of every county or place corporate, for the pitals. relief of the poor prisoners of the King's bench and marshalsea, and also of such hospitals and alms-houses as shall be in the said county, and what sums of money shall be sent to every one of the said hospitals, and alms-houses, so as there be sent out of every county yearly twenty shillings at the least, to each of the said prisons of the King's bench and marshalsea; (2) which sums ratably to be afieffed upon every parish, the church-wardens of every parish shall truly collect and pay over to the high

ifiot.] Anno quadragesimo tertio Elizabethan. c. 2. $5

constables in whose division such parish shall be situate, from time to time, quarterly, ten days before the end of every quarter; (3) and every such constable at every such quarter-sessions in such county, mall pay over the same to two such treasurers, xreasureri. or to one of them, as shall by the more part of the justices of peace of the county be elected to be the said treasurers, to be chosen by the justices of peace of the said county, city or town, or place corpprate, or of others which were sessed and taxed at five pounds lands, or ten pounds goods at the ieast, at the tax of subsidy next before the time of the said election to be made 5 (4) and the said treasurers so elected to continue for the space of one whole year in their office, and then to give up their charge, with a due account of their receipts and disburs-ments, at the quarter-sessions to be holden next after the feast of Eqjltr in every year, to such others as shall from year to year, in form aforesaid, successively be elected treasurers for v f the said county, city,ewn or place corporate; (5) which said j^eofEn^ treasurers, or one of them, shall pay over the same to the lord land, knight chief justice of England, and knight marshal for the time being, marshal. equally to be divided to the use aforesaid, taking their acquittance for the same, or in default of the said chief justice, to the next antienteft justice of the King's bench, as aforesaid: (6) and if any church-warden or high constable, or his executors or administrators, shall fail to make payment in form above specified, then every church-warden, his executors or administrators, so offending, shall forfeit for every time the sum of ten shillings; (7) and evenr high constable, his executors or The forfei-administrators, mall forfeit for every*time the sum of twentyturc the shillings; (8) the same forfeitures, together with the Turns be- jen^or h'^h-hind, to be levied by the said treasurer and treasurers by way constables^of-of distress and sale of the goods as aforesaid, in form aforesaid, fending, and by them to be employed towards the charitable uses comprised in this act.

3fV. And be it further enacted, That all the surplusage of How the fur-money which shall be remaining in the said stockof any county, plufage shall by discretion of thd more part of the justices of peace in their quarter-sessions, be ordered, distributed and bestowed for the 1 '

relief of the poor hospitals of that county, and of thofethat shall sustain Losses by fire, water, the Tea or other casualties, and to such other charitable purposes, for the relief of the poor, as to the more part of the said justices of peace shall seem convenient.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any treasurer elect- The ed shall wilfully refuse to take upon him the said office of so Insurer? treasurership, or refuse to distribute and give relief, or to ac- to give relief, coutn, according to such form as shall be appointed by the more or account, pan of the said justices of peace That then it (half be lawful for the justices of peace in their quarter-sessions, or in their default, for the justices of assize at their affixes to be holden in the same county, to fine the same treasurer by their discretion; (2) the same fine not to be under three pounds, and to be levied by /ale of his goods, and to be prosecuted by any two of the said

D 2 justices

3*> Anno quadragesimo tcrdo Elizabeths, c. 2. [1601.

justices of peace whom they shall authorize. (3) Provided al-EaAerv* ways> That this act shall not take effect until the feast of Easter next.

For what

XVII. And be it enacted, That the statute made in the nine time, and to and thirtieth year of her Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the what purpose Te\uf of the poor, shall continue and (land in force until the ELc. i.seal? of Easter next 3 (2) and that all taxations heretofore im-be'put in ex- posed and not paid, nor that shall be paid before the said feast ecution. of Edfter next, and that all taxes hereafter before the said feast to be taxed by virtue of the said former act, which shall not be paid before the said feast of Easter, shall and may after the said Feast di Easter be levied by the overseers and other persons in this act respectively appointed to levy taxations, by distress, and by such warrant in every respect, as if they had been taxed and imposed by virtue of this act, and were not paid.

The island of

XVIII. Provided always, That whereas the island of Fowl-Efts; m nefsn county Essex* being environed with the sea, and eXa having a chapel of ease for the inhabitants thereof, and yet the said island is no parish, but the lands in the same are ntuated within divers parishes far distant from the said island; (2) be It therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said justices of peace shall nominate and appoint inhabitants within the said island, to be overseers for the poor people dwelling within the said island, and that both they the (add justices and the said overseers shall have the same power and authority to all intents, considerations and purposes for the execution of the parts and articles of this act, and shall be subject to the lame pains and forfeitures, and likewise that the inhabitants and occupiers of lands there shall be liable and chargeable to the same payments, charges, expences and orders, in such manner and form as if the same island were a parish; (3) in confederation whereof, neither the said inhabitants or occupiers of land within the said island, shall not be compelled to contribute towards the [relief of the poor of those parishes wherein their houses or lands which they occupy within the said island are situated, for or by reason of their said habitations or occupyings, other than for the relief of the poor people within the said island, neither yet shall the other inhabitants of the parishes wherein such houses or lands are situated be compelied, by reason of their refiancyor dwelling, to contribute to the relief of the poor inhabitants within the said island.

The defen-

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any action of dfuitScomtin frefpafs or other suit shall happen to be attempted and brought

roenced T-" against any person or persons, for taking of any distress, making

gainst him of any sale, or any other thing doing, by authority of this pre-upon this sent act, the defendant or defendants in any such action or statute. suit shall ancj may cither plead not guilty, or otherwise make

avowry, cognisance or justification for the taking of the said.distresses, making of sale, or other thing doing by virtue of

this act, alledging in such avowry, cognisance dr justification. That the said distress, sale, trespass or other thing whereof the

plaintiff

1610.] Anno quadragesimo tertio Elizabeths, c. 3. 37

plaintiff or plaintiffs complained, was dcfne by authority of this a ft, and according to the tenor, purport and effect of this act, without any expressing or rehearsal of any other matter or circumstance contained in this present act: (2) to which avowry, cognisance or justification, the plaintiff shall be admitted to reply. That the defendant did take the said distress, made the said sale, or did any other act or trespass supposed in his declaration, of his own wrong, without any such cause alledged by the said defendant; (3} whereupon the issue in every such action shall be joined, to be tried by verdict of twelve men, and not otherwise, as is accuftotoed in other per-lonal actions: (4) and upon the trial of that issue, the whole matter to be given on both parties in evidence, aocdrding to the very truth of the same; (5) and after such issue tried for Treble da-the defendant, of nonsuit of the plaintiff after appearance, the JeSSaat same defendant to recover treble damages, by reason of his an(j c(&9, wrongful vexation in that behalf, with his costs also in that part lustained, and that to be assessed by the same jury, or writ to enquire of the damages, as the same shall require,

XX. Provided always, That this act shall endure no longer than to the end of the next session of parliament. 3 Car. 1. c. 4.

Continued until the end of the first session of the next parliament, and farther continued by j6 Car. 1. c. 4.

CAP. lit

An act for the necessary relief of folders and mariners*

WHEREAS in the thirty-fifth year of the Shieerismajesty's The lUtute reign that nous isy an act was madey intituled, An act for of35EI£i'-c'4f the necessary relief of soldiers and mariners: and whereas in the c?ai\9Con- thirty-ninth year of her Majesty's reigny there was also made another ceming the at7, intituled, An act for the further continuance and expla- relief of fol-nation of the said former, be it enacted by authority of this dieraandm*-present parliament. That both the said acts shall be and continue in force until the feast of Easter next, and shall be from and after the said feast discontinued.

II. And forasmuch as it is now found more needful than it was Who shall at the making of the said acts, to provide relief and rrlaintenance to be hereafter soldiers and mariners that have lost their limbs, and disabled their charged with bodies in the defeme and service of her Majesty and the ft ate, in ref- their re*1 pest the number of the said soldiers is so much the greater, by how \ Jf- who " much her Majesty's just and honourable iefenfrue wars are iturcafed \ shall receive (2) 16 the end therefore that they the said soldiers ajid mariners it and pay it may reap the fruits of their good deservings, and others may be° them» an<i encouraged to perform the like endeavours.

III. Be it enacted by the authority of this present parliament, begging foall That from and after the said feast of Easter next, every parish be punched, within this realm of England and Wales mall be charged to pay &c« weekly such a sum of money towards the relief of lick, hurt Every parish and maimed soldiers and mariners, that so have been as afore charged with is laid, or shall lese their limbs, or disable their bodies, having*weekly sum been press and in pay for her Majesty's service, as by the ju- toj^rd£^J

38 Anno quadragesimo tertio Elizabeths, c. 3.

dkrs and ina-ftices of peace, or < the more part of them, in their general nnm- quarter-sessions to be holden in their fevcra) counties next after the feast of Easier next, and so from tixpa to time at the like quarter-sessions to be holden next after the feast of itayfar Yearly, shall be appointed, so as no parish be rated above the hun of ten pence, nor under the sum of two pence weekly to be paid, and so as the total sum of fitch taxation of the pantiles in any county where there shall be above fifty pantiles, do not exceed the rate of six pence for every parish in the same county9(a) which fiuns so taxed shall be yearly assessed by the agreements The taxation of the paritiiioners within themselves, or in default thereof* of*ycry Pa" by the church-wardens and the petty constables of the fime r'parish, or the more part of them, or in default of their agree*

merit, by the order of such justices or justice of peace, as (halt dwell in the same parish, or if none be there dwelling, i& the parts next adjoining.

The penalty

IV. And if any person shall refuse or neglect to pay any for refuting to such portion of money so taxed, it shall be lawful for the find pay the money church-wardens and petty constables and every of them* or in taxe<1, their defaults, for the said justices of peace or justice, to fcvy such sum by distress and sale of the goods or chattels of the* party so refuting or neglecting, rendring to the party the over* plus raised upon such sale.

V. And for the collecting and custody of the films taxed in Aall form aforesaid, be it enacted, That the church-wardens and

petty constables of every parish shall truly collect evert such sum, and the lame shall pay over unto the high constables in whose division such parish mall be situate, ten days before the quarter-sessions to be holden next before or about the feast of the nativity of St. John Baptist next, in the county where the said parish shall be situate, and so from time to time quarterly* within ten days before every quarter-sessions r (2) and that every such high constable, at every such quarter-sessions in such county, shall pay over the same to two such justices of peace, or to two such other persons, or one of them, as shall be by the more part of the justices of peace of the same county eleCled to be treasurers of the said collection; (3) the lame other persons to be elected treasurers, to be such as at the last taxation of the subsidy next before the same election shall be. valued and fefted at ten pounds in lands yearly, or at fifteen pounds m goods; (4) which treasurers in every county so chosen shall continue but for the space of one whole year, and then give up their charge, with a due account of their receipts and disbursements, at their meeting in Easter quarter-sessions, or within ten days after, to such others as shall from year to year, in the form aforesaid, successively be eleCled.

VI. And if any church-warden, petty constable or high constable, or his executors or administrators, shall fail to make

of payment!8^ Payment in form above specified. Then every church-warden p y'and petty constable, his executors 2nd administrators so offending, shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings. (2) And

' every

Church-war-1, See. fh to the igb constables the money taxed.

Treasurers.

Treasurers

account.

Church-wardens or con-

39

1610.] Anno quadragesimo tertio Elizabeth, c. 3.

tvenr high constable, his executors, or administrators, the sum of forty shillings: (3) to be levied by the treasurers aforesaid by distress and ole in manner before expressed, and to be taken by the said treafarera in augmentation or their flock, to the uses afore (xk).

VII. And if any treasurer, his executors or administrators, «u*fv

shall foil to give up h» account within the time aforesaid, or 0'*

shall be otherwise negligent in the execution of his charge, neglecting tbs theft it shall be lawful for the more part of the justices of peace charge.

of the same county in their sessions, to aiflefe such fine upon such treasurer, his executors or administrators, as in their dif» cretion shall seem convenient, so it be not undcg the sum of five pounds,

VIII. And for the true and just distribution and employment To what trea. of the sums so received according to the true meaning of this ^urer" fol* act; (a) be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every nner°shall re-soldier or mariner, having had his or their limbs loft, or dif- pair for relief, abled in their bodies by service, being in her Majesty's pay as

above is mentioned, or such as shall hereafter return into this realm hurt or maimed, or grievously Ack, shall repair, if he be able to travel, and make his complaint to the treasurers of the county out of which he was pressed; (3) or if he were no prest man, to the treasurers of the county where he was born, or last inhabited by the space of three years, at his election $ and if he be not Ale to travel, to the treasurers of the county where he shall land or arrive; (4) and shall bring a certificate Who shall unto any of the treasurers aforesaid, under the hand and seal of make the the general of the camp, or governor of the town wherein he ^r°cer-served, and of the captain of the band under whom he served, or his lieutenant, or in the absence of the Aud general or governor, from the marshal or deputy of the governor, or from any admiral of her Majesty's fleet, or in his absence from any other general of her Majesty's ftups at the seas, or in absence of such general, from the captain of the ship wherein the said mariners or soldiers did serve the Queen's majesty, containing the particulars of his hurts and services 5 (5) which certificate shall be ^e^rtficary, also allowed by the general muster-master for the time being, iefident here within this realm, or receiver general of the muster-rolls, the treasurer and comptroller of her Majesty's navy, under his hand, for the avoiding of all fraud and counterfeiting;

(6) then upon such certificate, such treasurers as are before The treasurer expressed, shall according to the nature of his hurt and com- tie fol-

mendation of his service, assign unto him such a portion of dicr. relief as in their discretions shall seem convenient for his present necessity, until the next quarter-sessions; (7) at the which it The justices of shall be lawful for the more part of the justices of peace under pe»ce fl*11 their hands, to make an instrument or grant of the same or ^foldien like, relief, to endure as long as this a eft shall stand or endure to s' in force, if the same soldier or mariner so long live, and the same pension be not duly revoked or altered, which shall be a fufneient warrant to all treasurers for the same county, to make payment of fuel) pension unto such persons- quarterly,

D 4 except

soldiers.

The justices may reyoke, or alter the relief of soldiers.

Soldiers arriving far

40 Anno quadragesimo tertio Elizabeths. c.g.

[160*

except the same shall be afterward by the said justicer revoked How much re- or altered: (8) so that such relief as shall be assigned by inch* treasurers or justices of peace, to any such soldier or mariner either^ fort of having not borne office in the said wars, exceed not the fiim ift gross nor yearly pension of ten pounds, nor to any that hath borne office.under the degree of a lieutenant, the sum of fifteen pounds, nor to any that hath served in the office of lieutenant^ the sum of twenty pounds.

IX. And yet nevertheless, it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices of peace and others having authority by this act to assign penfioos to soldiers and mariners, upon any just caofe to reyoke, ^Jimunfh or alter the same from time to time, according to Their discretions in their general quarter-sessions of the peace, or general assemblies for cities or towns corporate where the same pension shall be granted.

X. And whereas it ntuft needs fall out, that many of such hurt and maimed soldiers and mariners do arrive in ports and places far

whereat h^aCC remoU from counim whence they are by virtue of this act to receive

*rcto receive ^eir yearly annuities and pensions: (7.) as also they are prescribed by relief. this act to obtain the allowance of their certificates from the msefter-master or receiver general of the mufier-rolls who commonly is Hie ter abide about the court or London, so^as they shall need at the first % provifm for the bearing of their charges to such places; (3) be it therefore enabled, That it may be lawful for the treasurers of the county where they shall arrive, in their discretion, upon their certificate (though not allowed) to give them any convenient relief for their journey to carry them to the next county, with a testimonial of their allowance, to pass on towards such a place: and in like manner shall it be lawful for the treasurer of the next county to do the like; and so from county to county (in the direct way) till they come to the place where they are di reded to find their maintenance according to the tenor, of this statute.

The treasurers

XI. And for the better execution of this act in all the book of com- branches thereof, be it enacted, That every the treasurers in JegUtcr*1* l^eir ^cvera^ counties shall keep a true book of computation of'all such sums as they levied, and also a register of the names of every such person unto whom they shall have disbursed any relief: (2) and shall also preserve or enter every certificate, by warrant whereof such relief hath been by them disbursed: (3) and also that the muster-master or receiver general of the mufier-rolls shall keep a book, wherein shall be entred the names of Muster-master all such whose certificates shall be by him allowed, with an shall keep a abstract of their certificates: (4) and that every treasurer returning or not accepting the certificate brought unto him from the said muster-master, shall write and subscribe the cause of his not accepting or not allowing thereof undefr the said certificate, or on the back thereof.

The treasurer

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any treasurer shall refuting; to wilfully refuse to, distribute and give any relief according to the form of this act. That it shall be lawful for the justices of peace

in

'. book of certificates,

give relief.

1610.] Anno ^uadragesimo t«tio Elizabethm. c. 3. 41

Intbck quarter-fessionsto fine such treasurers by their discre-tioosr as aforesaid 3 the same fine to- be levied by distress and fate,; thereof, to be pnofecuted by any two of them vMiom they shall amhariae.

XILI. And be it also enacted, That every soldier or mariner a soldier or thatA(haH be taken begging in any place within this realm after marinertakea die; feat of Easter next, or any that shall counterfeit any cer- begging or tificate in this act expressed, mall for ever lose his annuity or pension, and shall he taken deemed and adjudged as a common caf^ rogue or vagabond person, and shall have and sustain the same and the like pains, imprisonment and punishment, as is appointed and provided for common rogues and vagabond persons.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all the fur- How the fur-plufage of money which shall be remaining in the flock of any county, shall by the discretion of the more part of the justices of peace in their quarter-sessions be ordered, distributed and El. c. % bestowed upon such good and charitable uses, and in such form, as are limited and appointed in the statutes made and now in force concerning relief of the poor, and punishment of'rogues and beggars*

AV. Provided, always. That the justices of peace within any county of this realm or Wales shall not intromit or enter into any city* borough, place or town corporate, where is any justice of.peace for any such city, borough, place or town corporate for the execution or any article of this act 3 (2) but that it shall be lawful phief officers to the justice and justices of peace, mayors, bailiffs and other f

head officers of those cities, boroughs, places and towns cor- execute this.porate, where there is any justice of peace, to proceed to thfe aA there* execution of this act within the precinA and compass of their liberties, in such manner as the justices! of peace in any county may do by virtue of this act: (3) and that every justice of peace within every such city, borough, place or town corporate, ' for every offence by him committed, contrary to the meaning of this statute, shall be finable, as other justices of peace at the large in the counties are in this act appointed to be: (4) and that the mayor and justices of peace in every such city, borough, place and town corporate; shall have authority by this present act to appoint any person for the receiving of the said money and paying the same within such city, borough, place or town corporate; which person so appointed shall have authority to do all such things, and be subject to all such penalties, as high constables by virtue of this 4A should have or be.

XVI. And be it enacted, That all forfeitures to be forfeited How the for-by any treasurer, eolleAor, constable, church-warden, or other feitures shall person, for any cause mentioned in this act, shall be employ- employed, ed to the relief of such soldiers and mariners, as are by this act appointed to take and have relief: (2) and after that relief satisfied, then the overplus thereof, with the overplus of the dock remaining in any of the said treasurers hands, shall be employed, as is before-mentioned, to the charitable uses expressed in the said statutes concerning the relief of the poor,

4*

Out of what county relief

Anno quadragesimo tertio Elizabethje. c.£ [1601.

and for punishment of rogues and beggars, (except the said justices, or the more part of them, shall think meet to reserve and keep the same in flock for the maintenance and relief of such soldiers and mariners, as out of the same county may afterwards be appointed to receive relief and pensions: } (3) shall be criven anc* ^at^appointed to be given by this act shall be to soldiers and given to soldiers and mariners out of the county or place where mariners, A they were pressed, so far forth as the taxation limited by this act will extend: (4) and if the whole taxation there shall be before employed according to the meaning of this act, or that they shall not be prest men, then out of the place where they were born, or last inhabited by the space of three years, at his or their election.

Pennon af-

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every pen-signedtostand fion assigned heretofore to any foldieror mariner, or that (nsdi be though the a&gned before the said feast of Easter next, notwithstanding the statu's be discontinuance of the said two former acts, shall stand in force, repealed. and shall yearly from and after the said feast of Softer next be 35 Eli*c* 4* satisfied and paid out of such taxations and forfeitures as shall 39 Euz. c. 11. collected and levied by force of this act, so long as

the said pension shall remain in force, without such revocation or diminishing, as is before in this act mentioned; (2) which dause of revocation or diminishing before-mentioned shall extend as well to pensions heretofore assigned, as to such £S at any time hereafter, before or after the said feast of Easter*shall be assigned to any person or persona.

XVIII. And be it also enacted, That all arrearages of taxations heretofore made by virtue of the said former statutes or any of them, which shall be or remain at the said feast of Easter next uncollefted and not received or levied, ()|all and may by authority of this act be had, received and levied by such persons, and in such manner and form, as in every respect taxations made by virtue of this act are appointed to be collected, received and levied, and shall be employed to the uses expressed in this act and no otherwise.

-.XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority

sufficient for°* aforesaid, That if the said rate shall be thought not to be fuf-the soldiers in ficient for the relief of such soldiers and mariners as shall be to be relieved within the city of London; that then it shall be lawful for the mayor, recorder and aldermen of London, or the more part of them, to rate and tax such reasonable tax, sum and sums of money, for the said relief, as shall be to them thought fit and convenient: so as such fom and sums of money so to be rated do not exceed three shillings weekly out of any parish, andfoas in the total, the sum shall not exceed or be under twelve pence weekly out of every parish one with another, within the said city and liberties thereof.

XX. This act to endure to the end of the next session of parliament and no longer. Continued until the end of thefrft session of the next parliament by 3 Car. 1. c. 4. and farther continued by x6 Car. x. c. 4.

Taxations made and not levied.

A provision if

London.

43

1610.] Anno quadragesimo tertio Elizabethan c. 4.

CAP. IV.

An act to reclrefs the mif employment of lauds, goods and stocks of money heretofore given to certain charitable uses

WHEREAS lands, tenements, rents, annuities, profits, here- Commission-ditaments, goods, chattels, money and flocks of money have authorised been heretofore given, limited, appointed and assigned, as well by the Queen's most excellent majesty, and her mofi noble progenitors, as mem 07 fends by sundry other well-disposed persons; some for relief of aged, impotent or goods given and poor people, some for maintenance of sick and maimed soldiers to nospitals, and mariners, fihools of learning, free schopls, and scholars in uni- j£cir orden'verfities, some for repair of bridges, ports, havens, causewan, shall be per-churches, feu-banks and highways, some for education and prefer- formed. ment of orphans, some for or towards rehtf, flock or maintenancehist. 7°7-for houses of eerreflion, some for marriages of poor maids, some for supportation, aid and help of young tradesmen, handicraftsmen and persons decayed, and others for relief or redemption of prifotiers or captives, and for aid or ease of any poor inhabitants concerning pay-meats offifteens, fettingcut of soldiers and other taxes; which lands, tenements, rents, annuities, profits, hereditaments, goods, chattels, money and flecks of money, nevertheless have not been employed according to the charitable intent of the givers and founders thereof, by reafin of frauds, breaches of trust, and negligence in those that should pay, deliver and employ the same: (2) for redress and remedy whereof* be it enacted by authority of this present parliament* That it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord chancellor or keeper of the great seal of England for the time being, and for the chancellor of the duchy of Lancaster for the time being for lands within the county palatine of L$k-caster, from time to time to award commissions under the great Commission-. seal of England, or the seal of the county palatine* as the case shall require, into all or any part or parts of this realm ref- fends ind ° pectively, according to their several jurisdictions as aforesaid, goods to to the bishop of every several diocese and his chancellor, (in case charitable there shall be any bishop of that diocese, at the time of awarding ures# of the same commissions) and to other persons of good and pour commis-found behaviour, (3) authorizing them thereby, or any four sioners at the or more of them, to esquire, as well by the oaths of twelve haft* lawful men or more of the county* as by al] other good and lawful ways and means* of all and Angular such gins, limitations* alignments and appointments aforesaid, and of the abuses, breaches of trusts, negligences, mif-employments, not imploving, concealing, defrauding* mif-converting or mif-government of any lands, tenements, rents, annuities* profits, ' hereditaments, goods* chattels, money pr stocks of money, heretofore given, limited* appointed or assigned, or which hereafter shall be given, limited, appointed or assigned* to or for any the charitable and godly uses before rehearsed: (4) The fnqUjw

44

Anno quadragesimo terdo Elizabeths, c. 4. [ 160 r

and after the said of or any four or more of them (upon calling the parties' interested ip any such lands, tenements, rents, annuities, profits, hereditaments, goods; chattels, money and (locks of money) shall make enquiry by the oaths of twelve men or more or the said county (whereunto the said; parties interested shall and may have, and take their lawful challenge and challenges) (5) and upon such cmjuiry. The coromif- ^ear*ng ar*d examining thereof, set down such orders, judg-fionersorders, ments and decrees, as the said lands, tenements, rents, annuities, profits, goods, chattels, money and (locks of money, may be duly and faithfully employed, to and for such of the charitable ules and intents before rehearsed respectively, for which they were given, limited, assigned or appointed by the Thccommif- ^onors an<* ^un(lers thereof: (6) which orders,judg-sioners orders ments and decrees, not being contrary or repugnant to the shall be exe- orders, statutes or decrees of the donors or founders, shall by euted. the authority of this present parliament (land firm and good, according to the tenor and purport thereof, and shall be exe-The commis- cuted accordingly, until the same shall be undone or altered iioners orders by the lord chancellor of England or lord keeper of the great altered. seal of England, or the chancellor of the county palatine of Lancaster, respectively, within their several jurisdictions, upon complaint by any party grieved to be made to them. Colleges, halls E. Provided always, That neither this act, nor anything in Oxford or therein contained, shall in any wise extend to any lands, te* Cambridge, nements, rents, annuities, profits, goods, chattels, money or StoiTwin* ^oc*cs money, given, limited, appointed, or assigned, or chester, cathe- which shall be given, limited, appointed or assigned, to any col-dral churches, lege, hall or house of learning within the universities of Oxford 1 Lev. 284. or Cambridge, or to the colleges of Westminster, Eaton or Win* thester, or any of them, or to any cathedral or collegiate church within this realm.

City town' El. And provided also, That neither this act, nor any thing

corporate, therein, shall extend to any city, to town corporate or to any

college, hof- the lands or tenements given to the uses aforesaid within any pital, free such city or town corporate, where there is a special governor school. or governors appointed to govern or direct such lands, tenements or things disposed to any the uses aforesaid, neither to any college, hospital or free school, which have special visitors or governors, or overseers appointed them by their founders.

Ordinary's

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority afore-juriididnon. said. That neither this act, nor any thing therein contained, shall be any way prejudicial or hurtful to the jurisdiction or power of the ordinary, but that he may lawfully in every cause execute and perform the same, as though this act hac never been had or made.

None shall be, V. Provided also, and be it enacted, Thatnoperson or per-commissioner Tons that hath or shall have any of the said lands, tenements, orjurorwhich rents, annuities, profits, hereditaments, goods, chattels, money hath any part Qr (locks of money in his hands or pouession, or doth or shall

1601.] Anno quadragesimo tertio Elizabeth^, c. 4. 45

pretend title thereunto, shall be named a commissioner or a of the lands juror for any the causes aforesaid, or being named shall ex- or S*1* m ecute or serve in the same. quc on-

VI. And provided also, That no person or persons which Purchasers of hath purchased or obtained, or shall purchase or obtain, upon* valuable consideration of money or land, any estate or interest* of, in, to or out of any lands, tenements, rents, annuities, hereditaments, goods or chattels, that have been or shall be given, limited or appointed to any the charitable uses above mentioned, without fraud or covin, having no notice of the same charitable use, shall not be impeached by any degrees or orders of the of above mentioned, for or concerning the same his estate or interest: (2) and yet neverthe- Recompence less, be it enacted, That the said of, or any four by those which or more of them, shall and may make decrees and orders for re- compence to be made by any person or persons who being puttrutt* in trust, or having notice of the charitable uses above mentioned, hath or shall break the same trust, or defraud the same uses, by any conveyance, gift, grant, Iease, demise, release or conversion whatsoever, and against the heirs, executors and administrators of him, them or any of them, having allets in law or equity, so far as the same allets will extend,

VII. Provided always, That this act shall not extend to give Lands allured power or authority to any of before mentioned, to to King make any orders judgments or decrees, for or concerning any manors, lands, tenements or other hereditaments allured, conveyed, granted or come unto the Queen's majesty, to the late Elizabeth. King Henry the Eighth, King Edward the Sixth, or Queen Mary, by act of parliament, surrender, exchange, relinquifti-ment, efeheat, attainder, conveyance or otherwise: (2) and

Jret nevertheless, be it enacted, That if any such manors, ands, tenements or hereditaments or any of them, or any estate, rent or profit thereof; or out of the same or any part thereof, have or hath been given, granted, limited, appointed or affigped to or for any the charitable uses before expressed, at any time fithence the beginning of her Majesty's reign 5 That then the said of, or any four or more of them, shall and may, as concerning the same lands, tenements, hereditaments, estate, rent or profit so given, limited, appointed or assigned, proceed to esquire, and to make orders, judgments and decrees, according to the pun>ort and meaning of this act, as before is mentioned; the said last mentioned proviso notwithstanding,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all orders, judgments Certifying of and decrees of the said of, or of any four or more the orders, of them, shall be certified under the seals of "the said of, or any fquror more of them, either into the court of the chancery of England, or into the court of the chancery within the county palatine of Lancaster, as the case shall require respectively, according to their several jurisdictions, with-

46 Anno quadragesimo tertio ELwajteTfttt. [/for.

in such convenient time as shall be limited in the said commissions.

Order for the

IX. And that the said lord chancellor or lord keeper, and j execution of the said chancellor of the duchy, shall and may within their the commit feid several jurisdictions, take such order for the due execution (£0? Can4o! or the fiud judgments, decrees and orders, as to,

either of them shall seem fit and convenient.

A remedy for X. And that if after any such certificate or certificates made, any person any person or persons shall find themselves grieved with any gnmred by the of the said orders, judgments or decrees, That then it shall comm)' onen may be lawful to and for them or any of them, to complain in that behalf unto the said lord chancellor or lord keeper, or to the chancellor of the said duchy of Lartcafler, according to their several jurisdictions, for redress therein: (2) and that upon such complaint, the said lord chancellor or lord keeper, or the said chancellor of the duchy, may according to their laid several jurisdictions, by such course as to their wisdom shall seem meetest, the circumstances of the case considered, proceed to the examination, hearing and determining thereof; (2) and upon tearing thereof, shall and may annul, diminish, alter or enlarge the said orders, judgments and decrees of the said of, or any four or more of them, as to either of them in their said several jurisdictions shall be thought to (land with equity and good conference, according to the true intent and Cofb of suit meaning of the donors and founders thereof; (4) and shall and against the may tax and award good costs of suit by their discretions, against complainers. such perf's as they shall find to complain unto them without just and sufficient cause, of the orders, judgments and decrees before mentioned.

CAP. V.

An act to prevent perjury, and subornation of perjury, and unneceffiry expences in fiats of km.

At what time

WHEREAS within divers cities and towns corporate, and

a writ to re- V other places within this realm ^England, and the dominions move a suit thereof there are jurisdictions, customs and privileges to hold plea in an^lferi<M, in a^i9n % of debt, and other actions, plaints and suits between party court shall be tmd party, and divers of her Majestfs subjects do daily commence delivered to many attions, plaints and suits in the said cities, towns corporate the judge or and places, according to the jurisdictions, customs and privileges of (hrocoMt the said places: (2) and many defendants tn actions, plaints and suits there brought and commenced, will fujfer the said afltons, plaints and suits to be proceeded in and prosecuted there, until the cause between the plaintiffs and them be at ijfuet and the jury jworn, and evidence given on the plaintiffs part, before the said defendant will deliver into the court where the said actions, plaints or suits are to be

tried, writs formerly sued forth by themy to remove the cause there depending, into some one or other of her Majestyt courts of record at Westminster; (3) which keeping back of the said writ, is done by the defendant, to no other purpose or intent, but to put the parties plaintiffs to as great charges and expenses as they the said defendants

earn

2

4 7

1610.] Anno quadragesimo tertio Elizabeths. c. 6.

canr and to know what proofs the parties plaintiffs can make for the proving their issue, whereby the defendants that sued forth the said writs, may have longer time to furnish themselves with same false witnejfesi to impugn those proofs which the plaintiffs have openly made by their yntnesses and proofs^ which is a great cause of perjury and subornation of perjury, and great expenses to the plaintiffs:

II. For remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Queen's most excellent majesty, the lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the end of this present session of parliament, no writ or writs of habeas corpus, or any other writ or writs sued forth, or to be sued forth, by any person or persons whatsoever, out of any of her Majesty's courts of record at WestnAnfler, to remove any action, suit, plaint or cause, depending or to be depending, in any court or courts within any city or town corporate, or elsewhere, which have or shall have jurisdiction, power or authority to hold plea in any action, plaint or suit, shall be received or allowed by the judge or judges, or officer or officers of the court or courts wherein or to whom any such writ or writs shall be delivered (but that he and they shall and may proceed in the said cause and cause* ready to be tried, as though no such writ or wri{s were sued forth or delivered to him or them) except that the said writ or writs be delivered to the judge or judges, officer or officers of the said court, before that the jury wjuch is to try the cause in question between the party or parties plaintiffs, and the party or parties that sued forth the said writ or write, or for whoso benefit the said writ or writs is or shall be sued forth, have appeared, and one of the said jury sworn Co try the said cause.

III. Provided always, That this act shall continue no longer than until the end of the next parliament, 3 Car. 1. c. 4. Continued until the end of the first session of the next parliament, and farther continued by 16 Car. 1. c. 4.

CAP. VI.

An act to avoid trifling and frivolous suits in law in her Majestfs courts in Westminster.

FOR avoiding the infinite number of small and trifling suits

commenced or trofecuted against sundry her Majestfs good and reftingorAim-loving subjects in her Highness courts at Westminster, (which by moning wither due course of the laws of this realm ought to be determined in in- °ut warrant. ferior courts in the countryJ to the intolerable vexation and charge ^drintiff her Highness subjects \ (2) be it enacted by the authority of this where action present parliament, If any sheriff, under-sheriff or Other person, is brought for having authority or taking upon him to break writs, aftera fam -forty days next after the end of this session of parliament, do make any warrant for the summons of any person, as up- s*on any writ, process or suit, or for the arresting or attaching of any person or persons by his or their body or goods to appear in any her Majesty's courts at Westminster^ o* elsewhere,

(not

48 Anno quadragesimo tcrtib ElizabstHm. C. 7, [r6br.

Summoning (not having before that the original writor proCefs Vartanting or MTefting same) That then upon complaint thereof made to the ju-wn ^out war- ^jccs of g. of the county where the same offence shall be committed, or to the judges of the court out of which the prbcefs Kilied, not only the party that made such warrant, but all those that were the procurers thereof, shall be feiit for before the same judges or justices, by attachments or otherwise, as the same judges or justices shall think good and allow of, and be examined thereof upon their oaths: (3) and if the same offence be con-sessed by the same offenders, or proved by sufficient witnesses, to the fetisfeftio'n of the same judges or justices, That then the lame judges or justices that shall so examine the same, shall forthwith by force of this act commit every the same offenders to the gaol of the county or court where the same shall be examined; (4) there to remain without bail or mainprise, until.such time as they amongst them have fully satisfied and paid unto the party grieved by such warrant, not only the sum or ten pounds of lawful English money, but also all such costs and damages as the same judges or justices shall set down, that the same party hath sustained thereby, and withal, twenty pounds a-piece for their offence to her Majesty.

No costs shall

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, If^eiSnal ac-1 uP°n any a<^on personal to be brought in any her Majesty* tion brought courts at Westminster, not being for any title or interest of for a sum not lan^ls, nor concerning the freehold or inheritance of any lands, amounting to nor for any battery, it shall appear to the judges for the same 4°*court, and so signified or set down by the justices before whom

the same shall be tried, that the debt or damages to be recovered therein in the same court, shall not amount to the sum of % Mod. 141. forty shillings or above, That in every such case the judges and justices before whom any such action shall be pursued, shall not award for costs to the party plaintiff any greater or more costs ms ebatft ex- than the sum of the debt or damages so recovered shall amount tgnd*t!°ltL unto, but less at their discretions. (2) This act to endure to tin h fib the en<* first session of the next parliament. 3 Car. 1. c. 4* 21W. j. C. 9. Continued until the end of the first session of the next parliament, and farther continued by 16 Car. 1. c. 4.

CAP. VII.

An act to avoid and prevent divers mtfdemeanors in lewd and idle persons.

Punishment T?ORASMUCH as unlawful cutting or taking away of c6m dnd for cutting of JP grain growing, robbing of orchards and gardens, digging up or corn growing, taking away fruit-trees, breaking of hedges, pales or other fences, other ftnall cutting or Jpoiling of woods or under-woods Jianding end growing, offences j and ctnd Juc^ offences, are now more commonly committed by lewd and of a constable mean persons than in former times; and that the said offences are re^ngto pu- great causes of the maintaining of idleness, and the persons which com-

offenderbe- same' are not Jfor &£ mft Part nor ^, CV€ wherewith to fog com- " cnake reccmpence or satisfaction; (2) be it therefore enacted by the Bunded. authority of this present parliament. That all and every such

lewd

i.] Afiro quadragesimotertk)Elizabeth, c.fi 49

lewd person and persons, which from and after the last day of in2 February now next following shall cut, or unlawfully take away, sa!k 181. any corn or grain growing, or rob any orchards or gardens, or rbis enforced break or cut any hedge, pales, rails or fence, or dig, pull up, by 15 Car. % or take up any fruit-tree or trees in any orchard, garden or c* &*elsewhere, to me intent to take and carry the same away, or shall cut or spoil any woods or under-woods, poles or trees (landing, not being felony by the laws of this realm; (3) and their' procurer and procurers, receiver or receivers knowing the same;

(4) being thereof lawfully convicted by the confession of the party, or by the testimony of one sufficient witriefs upon oath before some one justice of peace, mayor, bailiff, or other head officers of the county, city or town corporate; (5) which said justice or other head officer shall have power, by force of this statute, to sninifter the said oath, where the offence shall be committed, or the party offending apprehended; (6) shall give the party and parties such recompence and satisfaction for his and their damages, and within such time, as by any one such justice of peace of the said county where such offence shall be done, without the liberty of any city or town corporate, or by such head officer or justice of peace within any city or town corporate, shall be ordered and appointed, and the same to be only for the firit fault: (7) and if such offender or offenders shall be thought in the discretion of the said justice or justices, or other head officers, not able or sufficient, or do not make recompence or satisfaction for the said damages, in manner and form aforesaid; then the said justice or head officer shall commit all and every the said offender or offenders to some constable or constables, or other inferior officers of the city, borough, town or hamlet, where the offence shall be committed, or the party apprehended, to be whipped; (8) and for every such offence, for or of which the offender or offenders shall be eftfoons committed in form afore limited, the person and persons so offending, to receive the said punishment of whipping.'

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any The constable or inferior officer do tefuse, or do not at the commentofacon* mandment of any justice of peace, or other head officer, exe- (table refuting cute by himself, or some other to be by him appointed, upon

the offender, the punishment limited by this statute; That in often cr* that case it shall and may be lawful for the said justice of peace to commit the said constable or other inferior officer so refusing, or not executing the said punishment by himself, or some other, to the compion gaol of the said county, city or town corporate, there to remain without bail or mainprise, until the said offender or offenders be by the said constable or constables so refusing or not executing, or some other by his or their procurement, punished and whipped, as is above limited and declared.

III. Provided always, That no justice of peace, or other head None Ml pii-officer, do execute this statute for any of the offences aforesaid ni(h an offence done unto himself, unless be be associated and assisted with one or done unto more other justices of peace whom the offence doth not concern, htmfelt*

48 Anno quadragesimo terttoEtiZAfrETUjE. C.y. [r66r.

Summoning (not having before that the original wit or proeefs warftrttSng "th?5118be ^amc) That then upon complaint thereof made to the ju-wi^ou war- tjle county where the same offence shall be committed, or to the judges of the court out of which the prbeefs ifhied, not only the party that made such warrant, but all those that were the procurers thereof, shall be sent for before the same judges or justices, by attachments or otherwise, as the same judges or justices shall think good and allow of, and be examined thereof upon their oaths: (3) and if the same offence be cort-sessed by the same offenders, or proved by sufficient witnesses, to the (atisfaftio'n of the same judges or justices. That then the same judges or justices that shall so examine the same, shall forthwith by force of this act commit every the same offenders to the gaol of the county or court where the same shall be examined; (4) there to remain without bail or mainprise, until.such time as they amongst them have fully satisfied and paid unto the party grieved by such warrant, not only the sum of ten pounds of lawful English money, but also all such costs and damages as the same judges or justices shall set down, that the same party hath sustained thereby, and withal, twenty pounds a-piece for their offence to her Majesty.

No cofb shall jj# And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, If inpersonaUc-11 uP°n an? a^onPerf°nal to be brought in any her Majesty* tion brought courts at Westminster, not being for any title or interest of for a sum not lands, nor concerning the freehold or inheritance of any lands, amounting to nor for any battery, it shall appear to the judges for the (ante +°*court, and so signified or set down by the justices before whom

the same shall be tried, that the debt ordamages to be recovered therein in the same court, shall not amount to the sum of % Mod. 141. forty shillings or above, That in every such case the judges and justices before whom any such action shall be pursued, shall not award for costs to the party plaintiff any greater or more costs This dauft ex- than the sum of the debt or damages so recovered (half amount tariff0 j- unto* but less at their discretions. (2) This act to endure to UnehyK & the end of the first session of the next parliament. 3 Car. 1. c. 4. xa j. t. 9. Continued until the end of the first session of the next parliament, and farther continued by 16 Car. 1. r. 4.

CAP. VII.

An act to avoid and prevent divers misdemeanors in lewd and idle per fans.

Punishment T?ORASMUCH as unlawful cutting or taking away ofcSm and for cutting of JF grain growing, robbing of orchards and gardens, digging up or corn growing, taking away fruit-trees, breaking of hedges, pahs or other fences, other finall tutting or Jpoiling of woods or under-woods Jlanding and growing, offences; and tmd fah Itke offences, are now more commonly committed bf Ihvd and of a constable mean persons than in former times; and that the said offences are refijfingtopu- great causes of the maintaining of tdieness, and the persons which com-

offenderbe- Iame' are not for Part nor ^GVe wherewith so ing com- " make recompence or satisfaction; (2) be it therefore enacted by the xuanded. authority of this present parliament. That all and every such

lewd

1610.] Anno quadragesimo tertk) Elizabeth. c.p 49

lewd person and persons, which from and after the last day of in£

Ftbruary now next following shall cut, or unlawfully take away, salk i8i. any corn or grain growing, or rob any orchards or gardens, or rbis enfirced break or cut any hedge, pales, rails or fence, or dig, pull up, by 15 Car. % or take up any fruit-tree or trees in any orchard, garden or c*f-elsewhere, to the intent to take and carry the same away, or shall cut or spoil any woods or under-woods, poles or trees (landing, not being felony by the laws of this realm; (3) and their* procurer and procurers, receiver or receivers knowing the same 5 (4) being thereof lawfully convicted by the confession of the party, or by the testimony of one sufficient witrtefs upon oath before some one justice of peace, mayor, bailiff, or other head officers of the county, city or town corporate\ (5) which said justice or other head officer shall have power, by force of this statute, to minister the said oath, where the offence shall be committed, or the party offending apprehendedI; (6) shall give the party and parties such recompence and satisfaction for his and their damages, and within such time, as by any one such justice of peace of the said county where such offence shall be done, without the liberty of any city or town corporate, or by such head officer or justice of peace within any city or town corporate, shall be ordered and appointed, and the same to be only for the first fault: (7) and if such offender or offenders shall be thought in the discretion of the said justice or justices, or other head officers, not able or sufficient, or do not make recompence or satisfaction for the said damages, in manner and form aforesaid \ then the said justice or head officer shall commit all and every the said offender or offenders to some constable or con*

(tables, or other inferior officers of the city, borough, town or hamlet, where the offence shall be committed, or the party apprehended, to be whipped; (8) and for every such offence, for or of which the offender or offenders shall be eftfoons committed in form afore limited, the person and persons so offending, to receive the said punishment of whipping.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any The constable or inferior officer do resute, or do not at the commentofacon* mandment of any justice of peace, or other head officer, exe- (table refuting cute by himself, or some other to be by him appointed, upon to, Pu*j*>(h the offender, the punishment limited by this statute; That in offen cr* that case it shall and may be lawful for the said justice of peace

to commit the said constable or other inferior officer so refusing, or not executing the said punishment by himself, or some other, to the common gaol of the said county, city or town corporate, there to remain without bail or mainprise, until the said offender or offenders be by the said constable or constables so refusing or not executing, or some other by his or their procurement, punhhed and whipped, as is above limited and declared.

III. Provided always, That no justice of peace, or other head None (hill ptr-officer, do execute this statute for any of the offences aforesaid ni<h an offence done unto himself, unless be be associated and assisted with one or done unto more other justices of peace whom the offence doth not concern. himfeU.

go Anno quadragesimo tertio ElizAbethjb. C. 8, 9.

[160

their lawful debt*,

By fraudulent administration of intef-

his own wrong,

CAP. VIII.

An act against fraudulent administration of intestates good*. Fraud pra&if- TT^ORASMUCH as it is often put in ure, to the defrauding of of adraJniftra- creditors, that such persons as ate to have the administration of mt SonauTde- " gwds of others dying intestate committed unto them, if they require it, ceive others of will not accept the same, but suffer or procure the administration to be 1 granted to same stranger of mean estate, and not of kin to the intestate,

from whom themselves or others by their means do take deeds of gifts and authorities by letter of attorney, whereby they obtain the ft ate of the intestate into their hands, and yet stand not subject to pay any debts awing by the same intestate, and so the creditors for lack of knowledge of the place of habitation of the administrator, cannot arrest hint nor sue him \ and if they fortune to find him out, yet for lack of ability in him to satisfy of his own goods, the value of that he hath conveyed a- way of the intestate's goods, or released of his debts by way of wafting* the creditors cannot have of recover their just and due debts:

II. Be it enacted by the authority of this present parliament. That every person and persons that hereafter shall obtain, re-. ceive and have any goods or debts of any person dying intestate, tlwparty <haH or*refeaf* or other discharge of any debt or duty that belonged be charged as to the intestate, upon any fraud, as is aforesaid, or without such executor of valuable consideration as shall amount to the value of the same goods or debts, or near thereabouts, (except it be in or towards satisfaction of some just and principal debt of the value of the same goods or debts to him owing by the intestate at the tim: of his decease) shall be charged and chargeable as executor of his own wrong; (2) and so far onfy as all such goods and debts coming to his hands, or whereof he is released or discharged by such administrator, will satisfy, deduding nevertheless to and for himself allowance of all just, due and principal debts upon Allowance of good consideration, without fraud, owing to him by the in-jott debts, and testate at the time of his decease, and of all other payments °thm«ntstUl ma(*e by him, which lawful executors or administrators mayftym'and ought to have and pay by the laws- and statutes of this realm*

CAP. IX.

An act for continuance of divers statutes, and for repeal of some others.

BE it enacted by authority of this present parliament. That an act made in the one and twentieth year of the reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An act for the true making of cables, halfers and ropes:

II. And that an act made in the four and twentieth year of the reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An act against killing of young beasts called weanlings:

lit. And that two acts made in the fourth year of the reign tfc*Bd.6.c. 9. of the late King Edward the Sixth, the one concerning buying 4 Ed.6.c.»i.an<* of/other beasts and cattle; the other intituled, An

'act for the buying and selling of butter and cheese:

Ship*,

*x H. S,

Cattle.

*4 H. 8. c. 9

Cattle.

1601.] Anno quadragesimo tettlb Elizabeth^. c. 9.' 51

IV. And that an act made in the first year of the Queen's Pise-majesty's reign that rtow is, intituled, An act for preservation of1 E1* c*17' spawn and fry of fish;

V. And that an act made in the fifth year of the Queen's ma- Merchants, jesty's, reign that now is, intituled, An act for avoiding divers so- 5 El. c- 7* reign wares made by handicraftsmen beyond the seas;

VI. And that an act made in the same fifth year of her Ma- Fifo jesty's reign, intituled, An act touching certain poBtick constitutions 5 EHz.c* 5* made for the maintenance of the navy, together with all and every additions, explanations and alterations made thereunto or thereof, or of any part thereof, by any statute or statutes made fithence

the making of the same act, and now continuing in force:

VII. And that an act made in the eighth year of the Queen's Games, majesty's reign that now is, intituled, An act for bowyers, and the 8 E1*c't0i prices of bows:

Vlfi. And that an act made in the thirteenth year of the Leases. Queen's majesty's reign that now is, intituled, An ail touching3 El. c-0. leases of benefices and other ecclesiastical livings with cure, together Vnth all and every explanations, additions and alterations there- , $ ei«. c. h. of, or thereunto made by any other statute or statutes made Judgments fithence the making of the said act, and now continuing in force j vojy M bond* (2) with this further addition to be enacted by authority of this ^22©?* present parliament, That all judgments hereafter to be nad, for benefices with the intent to have or enjoy any lease contrary to the said statutes, cure, or any of them, shall be deemed void, in such fort as bonds and covenants are appointed to be void which are made for that purpose:

IX. And that an act made in the same thirteenth year of her Purveyors, majesty's reign, intituled, An ail that purveyors may take grain, 13 c*ll* corn and viiluals within fitoe miles of Cambridge and Oxford in certain

cases:

X. And that an act made in the eighteenth year of the Queen's Wap. majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the repairing and amending of3 El. c. so* the bridges and highways near unto the city of Oxford;

XL. And so much of one other act mdde the same year, inti- Poor, tuled. An act for the setting the poor on work, and avoiding of idle- 18 £Iiz. c* 3* ness, as concerneth bastards begotten out of lawful matrimony:

XII. And that an act made in the three and twentieth vear of Merchants,

her Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the repairing of Dover3 eUbTc.V. haven, with the provisions and alterations thereof made by an 3 ,

act made in the five and thirtieth year of the Queen's majesty's reign that now is:

XIII. And that an act made in the seven and twentieth year Franchift.

of her Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the good government7 ftnot of the city or borough of Westminster: ^>rmie

XIV. And that an act made in the said seven and twentieth Corn, year of her Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the reviving of % 3 Ed*

a former statute for the true making of malt \ together also with Q'l^yXZt c I+# an act made in the nine and thirtieth year of her Majesty's reign, £iiz' c. iT* intituled, An act to refrain the excessive making of malt:

XV. And that an act made in the said seven and twentieth Sewers.

E2 year V c-4*

52 Anno quadragesimo tertio Elizabeth. c.g.

year of her Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for kuping of ibejeabanks and sea?works in the county of Norfolk

aVI. And that an act made in the one and thirtieth*ye?r of her Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the true gaging ofvejfeh brought from beyond the seas, converted by brewers for the utterance and file of ale and beer:

aVII. And that an act made in the said one and thirtieth year of her Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for reviving and enlarging of a statute made in the three and twentieth year of I. or Majesty's reign, for the relief of the city of Lincoln:

Pope.

XVIII. And that three acts made in the five and thirtieth

35 Eli*.u year of her Majesty's reign, one intituled, An act to retain the Queer! Majesty's subjects in their due obedience;

Drapery. XIX. Another ad, intituled, An act for the reformation offun* 35 Eliz. c. 10. dry abuses in clothes called Devonshire kerftes or dozens, according to a proclamation of the four and thirtieth year of the reign of our sovereign lady the Queens majesty that now is;

Merchants.

XX. And one other, intituled, An act for the bringing in of 35 Eliz. c. ix. clap-board from the parts of beyond the seas y and the refraining of the transporting of wine-cask, for the sparing and preserving of timber within the realm:

XXI. And that the several acts hereafter mentioned, made in the nine and thirtieth year of her Majesty's reign that now is, (that is to say) an act intituled, An act againf the decaying of towns, and houses of husbandry;

XXII. An act, intituled, An act for the maintenance of bujband-ry and tillage; an act, intituled, An act for the more speedy payment of the Queen's majesys debts, and for the better explanation of tin, act made in the thirteenth year of the Queen's majesty's reign, intitu* ledy An act to make the lands, tenements, goods and chattels of tellers % receivers, fsfr. liable to the payment of their debts;

XXIII. An act, intituled, An act for the increase of mariners, 39 Eliz. c. ip. and for maintenance of the navigation, a repealing a former act3* Eliz. c. 7. jnade; n the three and twentieth year of her Majesty's reign,

bearing the same title;

Apprentice.

XXIV. And an act, intituled, An act for explanation of the 3$ Eliz. c. 11 statute made in the fifth year of her Majesty's reign, concerning labourers;

Merchants. XXV. An act, intituled, An act prohibiting the bringing into 39 Eh* c# f4* this realm of foreign cards for wool y

Poor. XXVI. An act, intituled, An act againf lewd and wandering per*

39 Eliz. c. 17. fens pretending themselves to be soldiers or marinersy (2) An act, inti*

Poor*tu Wt aftforpunishmmt of rogues, vagabonds and fiurfy beggarsy

39 Eli? c 4. XXVII. Except the proviso in the said last mentioned act>

The before concern Dutton of Dutton in the county of defer, Esqj

rehear led 25 (?) shall be continued and remain in force until the end of the

nred^ntiUhe *e^lon of the next parliament: (3) and touching the said

ft!ft session of proviso concerning the said John Dutton, be it enacted by the

the next par- authority of this present parliament. That the same provision

liamei*. shall continue and remain in force to the end of one year next

cn^n6 first day of this present parliament, and no longer; 01 uurowu except

Measures.

31 Eliz. c. 8

Franchise. 31 El. not printed*

P01

Ifufbandry. 39 Eliz. c. 2.

Husbandry. 39'Eliz. c. a. Accountant. 39 Eliz. c. 7. #3 EtuT. c. 4.

Fish.

1601.] Anno quadragesimo tertio Elizabeth-, c.g. 53

extept fcfefore the end of the said year, the said john Dutton, or Games, his heirs, shall procure the lord chief justice or: he pleas before 1 Jac* c* 79 the Queeh's highness to be holden, and the lord chief justice of the common pleas, and the lord chief baron of her Majesty's court of exchequer, or two of them, upon hearing his allegations and proofs, to make certificate into her Majesty's court of chancery. That the said John Dutton, or his heirs, ought lawfully (if no statute againlr rogues or beggars had been made) by Charter, tenure or prescription, to use, have and exercise fuca liberty of licencing of minstrels as he claimeth and useth, and that the said certificate be inrolled in her Majesty's said court of chancery within the said year: (4) and if he or his heirs shall procure such certificate as aforesaid, and cause the same to be in*? rolied, as is aforesaid; Then be it enacted also by the authori

y of this present parliament, That the same provision shall also continue in force until the end of the first session of the next parliament.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That an act made in the

nine and thirtieth year of the Queen's majesty's reign, intituled, 39 EUz. c. 3. An act for the relief of the poory shall also continue and remain in force until the end of the first session of the next parliament; except some new act shall be made in this present session of par- Poor, liament concerning the same. +3 Eli*, c.

XXIX. And that two.acts made, the one in the five and Poor, thirtieth year of the Queen's majesty's reign, intituled, An act 35 Eliz.c* 4* for the necessary relief of soldiers and mariners^ and the other made

in the nine and thirtieth year of her Majesty's said reign, fof the

(further explanation and continuance of the same former act, (2)

shall also continue and remain in force until the end of the nr(t poor.*C'M#

(session of the next parliament j except some new act shall be 43 Elia. c. 3.

made concerning the same in this present session of parliament.

XXX. And be it also further enacted by authority of this Poor, present parliament. That one act made in the nine and thirtieth 39 Eliz. c. 6.

/year of the Queen's majesty's reign that now is, intituled, An act to reform deceits and breaches of trusts, touching lands given to charitable ufesy be from henceforth utterly repealed.

XXXI. And yet nevertheless, be it enacted by the authority Decrees made of this present parliament. That so much of the said act as con- commissio-cemeth the execution of orders, judgments and decrees hereto-Statute fore made by of assigned by virtpe of the said act, of39 Eliz.c.f. and examination, hearing and determining of the said orders, shall continue, judgments and decrees by'such of heretofore made,

shall stand and remain in force only as for and concerning such judgments fend decrees, as heretofore have been made by virtue of the same act, and of qomn\iffions thereupon awarded,

XXXII. provided always, and be it enacted by authority of Husbandry,

this present parliament, That the said act for maintenance of The stamteof liu(bandry and tillage, shall not extend to any lands lying with- 39 Eliz. c. in the county of Northumberland. l e*I

XXXIII. Andjprovided also, and be it enacted by the au- \n Northunv* tjiority aforesaid^ That so much of the.act above-mentioned, in- bertad.

E 3 tituled,

54 Anno quadragesimo tertio Elizabeth.*. C.itx [»6cw,

39 Eliz c. 10. titukd, An act for the in^reofe cf mariners end mainteuetu* of the navigation, repealing a former act made in the three and twenn tieth year of her Majesty's reign, bearing , the same title, aa concerned} the repealing and making void of all ordinances of the Fiflj, fishmongers ot London, or of any other company or corporation,

whatsoever, made or to be made for restraint of any perfoti ta take or fell fish, or to buy or provide any fish of any merchant or other within this realm, or the making or executing of aav such ordinance or restraint, shall from henceforth rtmam-dU-, continued and repealed; the former continuance of the said adfc in this present act mentioned notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And yet nevertheless, be it enacted, That no fuel\ ordinance or restraint made or to be made shall in any wise extend, or be put in execution, during the continuance of the bid former act made in the thirty-ninth year of her Majesty's reign^ $9 Eli*- c- to restrain any coastmen, fishermen, or any others, subjects or foreigners, for or concerning the taking, bringing in, putting tQ tale, or.buying of any felted fish or herrings, being wholdfom and sweet, upon and under the pains and penalties in the said former act of the nine and thirtieth year of her Majesty's reign contained.

Merchants.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authori-3 Eliz. c: 6. ty of this present parliament. That no ship, vessel or crayer, Dmrbara! whereof any of her Majesty's subjects shall be owners or part-owners, of the burden of twenty tuns loading and upwards*

loading or discharging within this realm, and passing to aj\4 from any foreign countries, (other than ships, vessels and cray* ers, which shall be laden with feacoal or grindstones) shall after the end of this session of parliament, in respect of any such voyage, pay to the reparation of Dover haven, but only after the rate of three pence the tun, for the merchandize wherewith such ship, vessel pr crayer shall be in such voyage laden, and not after the rate of three pence the tun of the burthen of every such ship, vessel or crayer: (2) apd that every ship, vessel or crayer which shall be imployed in a voyage of fishing, shall not upon return of such voyage, pay but after the rate of three pence the tun for such oil, train and merchandize, as such ship shall bring home in such voyage, and not any thing for fish, or in respect of the burthen or the same ship, vessel or crayer j the said statute made for the repairing of Dover haven, or any other ftajyte touching the same, or any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. X.

An act for the true making and working of woolen clothes. No Receivable r 1 s H E jQueen's most excellent majesty, with the advice of her tuTfn^lTn.Highness lords spiritual and temporal> and the commons, in clothes, nor this present parliament assembled, weighing and considering the good any device to and godly purposes of divers and sundry Jlatules heretofore made and fcretch them ordained for the true making and working of woolen cloth, to befru-brcSfjf1 and an* 4*Med by Jlra\ningy JlreUbing, want of weighty flocks,

i6ot«] Anno qusdragesimo tertio Elizabeth, cio. 55

fottace, chalk, flour, deceitful things, subtil fleights and untruths, so how they shall

if'/Jp /am/ WltfA/j A/m^put in water,r//wrn/ //A/ rawy, bc&5 eJ ^c*

purfey, squally, cockling, bandy, light, notably faulty, to the \

groat diJUke of foreign princes, and to the hindrance and loss of /A/4 jalc. 1, c. 2.

A»y/r wearer: (2) for redress thereof, is pleased and willeth

it to be eoacted, and by the authority of this present parliament

it is enacted, That from and after the feast of the purification of the blessed Virgin Mary next ensuing, no person or persons shall

put any hair, nocks, thrums or yarn made of lambs wool, or

other receivable thing or things, uito or upon any broad woolen

cloth, half-cloth, kersie, frize, dozen, peniftone or cotton,

Taunton cloth, Bridgwater, Dunflpr cotton; (3) (which Dun*

Jler cotton hereafter shall be by this present act intended and taken to be of like weight, length and breadth as Taunton and Bridgwater cloth, or other cloth of what nature, kind or name soever, made or to be made to be sold, or offered to be sold;

(4) upon pain to forfeit every such cloth, half-cloth, kersie,

frize, dozen, peniftone and cotton, and other woolen cloth, of

what nature, kind or name soever, whereinto or whereupon any such hair, flocks, thrums, yarn of lambs wool, or other de«

ceivable thing or things whatsoever shall be so put; any law,

statute, dispensation, allegation or toleration to the contrary

thereof in any wise notwithstanding: (5J and upon pain that The penalty

every person and persons which shall buy, gather or procure for buying or

any nair, flocks, thrums, yarn of lambs wool or other deceivable

thing or things whatsoever, for that intent and purpose, to for- thing^.

feit the same hair, flocks, thrums, yam of lambs wool and

other deceivable thing or things whatsoever,

II. And that no person or persons within her Majesty's realm Nodevkefhan of England or the dominions of the same, shall from and after be made to the feast of Rafter now next ensuing have, use or occupy within stretch cl°tl? any place of her Majesty's said realm or dominions, any tenter,*

instrument, engine, or other device of what fort or kina soever, length, with any lower bar, pin, ring or other engine or device of what 5 & 6 Ed. 6. fort or kipd soever, whereby or wherewith any rough and un- c*wrought woolen broad-doth, half-cloth, kersie, cotton, dozen, 39 EUz* c< a0* penistone, frize, rugg, or any other rough and un wrought woolen cloth, of what nature, kind or name soever they be or shall be of, made or to be made to be so fold, shall or may be stretched % or drained in breadth; (2) or shall have, keep or use any manner of wrinch, ring-head, growm, rope or other engine to stretch or drain any rough and qnwrought woolen cloth, haircloth, kersie, cotton, dozen, penistone, frize, rugg, or any other rough and unwrought woolen cloth, of what nature, kind or name loever they be or shall be of in length, made or to be made to be so fold; (3) upon pain that every offender that shall have, keep, use or exercise any such tenter, instrument, engine or device, with a lower bar, pin, ring, engine or device, wrinch, ring-head, growm or rope, of w{iat fort or kind soever, shall forfeit for every such offence twenty pounds \ the one half thereof to our sovereign lady the Queen's majesty, and the other half

E 4 to

No wrought Woolen cloth shall be stretched.

tentered or stretched

56 Anno'quacfragqsimo tertio ELIZABETHS.* C.tbi' [16or*;

to him that will sue for the same, by bill, plaifitt>Y ittftfrttiltion,

in any of her Highness courts of record, wherein no tfiolhypnc>-tettion or wager of law shall be allowed.

III. And that no person or persons within her MajestyYrealm of England or the dominions of the same, from and after the said feast of Rafter now next ensuing, shall set or cause to be set dire^ly or indirectly, any wrought woolen broad-cloth, ' Waif-cloth, kersie, cotton, dozen, penistone, frize, rugg, or any other wrought woolen doth, of what nature, kind or name so-ever they be or shall be of, made for sale or offered to be sold, in or upon any tenter, instrument, engine or device, with a lower bar, pin, ring, engine or device, wrinch, ring-head, jgrowm or rope of what fort or kind soever, to stretch or (train the same wrought woolen cloth, half-cloth, kersie, cotton, do-fcpn, penistone, frize, rugg, or any other wrought woolen cloth, of what nature, kind or name soever they be or shall be of 5 (2) otherwise than the whole wrought wooten broad-cloth oneyaad in length and one half-quarter in breadth: (3) and the 'naif-cloth one half-yard in length, and one half-quarter in breadth: (4) and the kersie, cotton, dozen, penistone, frize and rugg, one half-yard in length, and one nail in breadth: (5) or shall None shall feM utter or (ell any wrought woolen cloth, half-doth, kersie, cot-woolen cloth ton, dozen, penistone, frize, rugg or any other wrought woolen cloth of what nature, kind or name soever they be or shall be of, tentefed, drained or stretched otherwise than as aforesaid, m or upon any tenter, instrument, engine or device, with a lowerbar, pin, ring, engine or device, wrinch, ring-head, growm or rope, of what fort or kind soever; (6) upon pain to forfeit every such wrought woolen cloth, half-cloth, kersie, cotton, dozen, penifione, frize, rugg and every other wrought woolen doth, of what nature, kind or name soever they be or shall be of.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no woolen broad cloth, half-cloth, kersie, cotton, dozen, pe-niftpne, frize, rugg, nor any other woolen cloth, of what na-f»hitedbyaPr ture> kind or name soever they be or shall be of, shall from and farmer (la- after the said feast of Easter now next ensuing, (being well scour-

tutes. ed, thieked, milied, and fully dried and rn^de to be sold, or

which shall be offered to be sold) exceed the several length or lengths which heretofore Is limited and appointed respfcctively for every such broad woolen cloth, half-cloth, kersie-, cotton, dozen, penistone, frize, rugg and other woolen cloth, of what nature, kind or name soever they be of, and ought at this time to be of, by the several statutes therefore limited and appointed; [2) upon pain of forfeiture of every such broad woolen cloth, half- doth, kersie, cotton, dozen, penistone, frize, rugg and every other woolen cloth, of what nature, kind or name (never.

The weight of V. And that every woolen broad cloth, half-cloth, kersie, woolen cotton, dozen, penistone, frize, rugg and every other woolen cloth, of what nature, kind or name soever they be or shall be former ifca^ of» (half from* thenceforth (being well scoured, thicRed, milled

tuies. and fully dried) weigh respectively the true weight ?vhich is here-

tofore

Woolen clothes shall not exceed

57

1610.] Anno quadragesimo tertio EuzABET&ffi. c. 10.

toforfc Jimkfed and appointed for every such broad woolen cloth* half-cloth, kersie, cotton, dozen, penistone, frize, rugg and every other woolen cloth, of wh^t nature kind or name soever they be or shall be of, to weigh, and ought at this present time to 'weigh, by the several statutes therefore limited and appoint- The weight of ed; (42)- saving that Taunton clothes, Bridgwaterj, and such Taunton and clothes as shall be made in Taunton, Bridgwater and other places Bridgewater of like fort and making, and limited to weigh four and thirty c 0*pounds at the least, (3) shall and may from henceforth (being Well (enured, thxeked, milied, wrought and fully dried) weigh only thirty pounds at the least 5 any former statute or statutcfc to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; (4) and saving that Suffolk, Norfolk, Essex, and northern cloth, limited by The weight of the several statutes of the fifth year of King Edward the Sixth, Norfolk, See. and the fourth and fifth years of King Philip and Queen Mary C & c< 6> or one of them, to weigh the several weights therein mention- 4&5ph.&M.# ed; shall and may be abated for the workmanship of the whole c. 5. doth, four pounds, and for the half-cloth, two pounds in the ^weight thereof, as the same Norfolk, Suffolk and Effepc clothes are ^Howed by her Highness toleration by proclamation.

VI. And if it shall happen that any of the said broad woolen Thc forfejt clothes, half-clothes, kersies, cottons, dozens, penistones, frizes, for of ruggs, or any other woolen cseth, of what nature, kind or weight, name soever they be or shall be of, made or to be made to be

fold or offered to be sold, shall lack (being well scoured, thitk-ed, milted, wrought and fully dried) of the weight therefore respectively limited, and which ought to be of that weight by this present act, above three pounds in any whole broad woolen cloth; (2) or above one pound and the half of one pound in one halt broad-cloth, Taunton cloth, Bridgwater or other cloth of like fort; (3) or above one pound in one kersie, cotton, dozen, penistone, frize, rugg, (4) or any other woolen cloth respectively of what nature, kind or name soever they be or shall be of; (5) then the offender shall forfeit for one pound wanting more than is aforesaid, ten shillings; and for two pounds, twenty shillings j and for three pounds, forty shillings, and so double the forfeiture for every pound so wanting, unless the party offending by such wanting will yield the same cloth, halfcloth, kersie, cotton, dozen, penistone, frize and rugg so wanting, forfeited; which if he will yield, then the same so waoting shall be forfeited; any former law, statute, or other matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in any wise nou withstanding.

VII. And that one statute made in the nine and thirtieth year statute of her Highness reign, intituled, An act against the deceitfulfiretch- provided

ing and tenter ing of northern cloth, as to, for, touching and con- 39 Eliz. c.xp. cerning views, seals, searches, appointment of ovesseers, penalties, and authority given to justices of afflzo, justices of'peace, tend to clotfi* head officers of cities, boroughs and towns corporate, and other made in other person and persons, of and for northern clothes in the county counties, of York, Lancaster, and other the counties oh the north of Trento

(hill

£$ Anno quadragesimo tcrtb Elizabeths, c.io; [i6ot#

shall from the said feast of Easter next enfuias, rdpeflivdy extend unto all and fiogular woolen broad domes, half-dotbes* jkerfies, cottons, dozens, penistones, frizes, ruggs, and all other woolen cloth, of what nature, kind or name soever they be or shall be of, made or to be made within her Hignness realm of England* to be viewed, sealed, searched, overseen, subjected tQ penalties, and authority given to justices of assize, justices of peace, and other person and persons, in such and the like man* ner and form, and to such and the like purposes and intents respectively, as is limited and appointed for such said northern clothes.

Cloth sealed

VIII. And that every broad woolen doth, half-cloth, kersie, fy thftj°nCr"t |B^ dozen, penistone, frize, rugg, and every other woolen be searched or what nature, kind, or name soever they be or shall be

jried again. rfs foaled by the overseers authorized by this prdent ad, ft all^not be brought to be viewed, searched and seen, nor shall be searched, tried or watered by any other searcher and overseer of any other city, borough, town, village, parish or hamlet, by virtue of his or their office or offices; any statute, matter or thing to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

A repeal of

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several branches of fevera^ acts of parliament, the first intituled, An act for the mentioned* true*&*& of woolen cloth, in fifth year of the reign of King 5 & 6 Ed. 6. Edward the Sixth; (2) and the ad, intituled, An act touching c. 6. the making of woolen clothes, in the fourth and fifth years of the

4 & 5PK&M. reign of King Philip and Queeji Mary; (3) and in the ad »75Eli*. c. 17. wade in the seven and twentieth year of the reign of our laid sovereign lady the Queen's majesty that now is, intituled, An act touching the breadth of white woolen clothes, made in the counties of Somerset, Wilts* Gloucester and Oxon; (4) and in the act made in the five and thirtieth year of the reign of our said sovereign iady the Queen's majesty that now is, intituled, An act touching the breadth of plunkets, azures and blues, and other coloured clothes Elis. c. 9. made in the county of Somerset, or elsewhere of like making* (5) The length of for and concerning the exceeding of length of clothes mention* clothes. €<j in the said statute of the fifth year of King Edward the£ixth, shall from henceforth be utterly repealed, as concerning only the said over-lengths; (6) and that one other branch made in the said fourth and fifth year of the reign of King Philip and Certificate of Queen Mary, touching and concerning certificates of faulty faulty doth, plothes, shall from the said feast of Eqjier next eniuing be like-wife repealed, for {dothes to be sold after the said feast of Easter next ensuing.

go merchant X. And be it enacted, That no merchant or buyer which vantage of a ^all ^ran^Port or cause to be transpotted beyond the seas, any flothitr for broad woolen cloth, half cloth, kersie, cotton, dozep, peni-?ny defect in stone, frize, rugg, or any other woolen cloth, of what nature, cjoth. kind or name soever they be or shall be of, by reason of any

clothiers or fellers of any broad woolen cloth, half-cloth, kersie, potton, dozen, penistone, frize, rugg or any other woolen cloth, of what nature, kind or name soever they be or shall be of, so

trank

59

i6oif] Ajwp qvu4ngQfimotertio Elizabeth-. c.io.

transported, his hand to such merchant or buyer's book, bill or ticket, for or touching any defeats, shall take any benefit or advantage.

XI.'And be it farther enacted, That all and every article, All acts cor»-daufcand fentonce m any act of parliament heretofore made, trary, ^t>" touching or concerning mt said abuses in this act mentioned, r*Pealed* and being repugnant and cootrariant to any article or fentonce in'

this act, shall horn the said feast of Easttr now next ensuing be utterly void and of none effect.

XII. And be it farther enacted, That such as shall offend 39 EE*, c. so. after the said feast of Easttr a gain ft the said act in the nine and thirtieth year of her Highness reign, observing and performing

this present act, shall not incur any penalty mentioned in the said act of the said nine and thirtieth year: (2) the moiety of all which forfeitures (not otherwise by this present act apppoint- The forced) shall be to the searchers and oveneers that shall and will find ture, to whoft the same, and in his and their default, to him that shall find uft emP'°yed« the same, and the other half to the poor of the parish where the offence shall be committed.

XIII. Provided always, That this act, nor any thing the re- The aulne- _ in contained, shall not extend to take away or abridge from ger'* authori-any lawful aulneger, any power or right already given untotjr-

him by her Majesty's letters patents, for the viewing, searching or seizing of any clothes put to sale contrary to the laws heretofore made in that behalf. (2) This act to continue till the end Of the' next session of the next parliament, and no longer.

XIV. Provided also nevertheless. That if any unwrought Unwrought cloth, half-cloth, kersie, cotton, dozen, pepistone, frize, rugg, ^?th tenter-or any other unwrought woolen cloth, of what nature, kind or

name soever they be or shall be of, transported after the said turned, feast of EaJUr next, beyond the seas, shall be found tp have been formerly tentered, drained and stretched by the means or consent of the maker or feller thereof, contrary to the true intent of this present act; That then such merchant or buyer shall or may, at his own Costs and charges, return the same into this realm; and after such return deliver or cause the same to be delivered unto the maker or feller thereof, with the seals thereunto limited by this present act to be fixed, and thereupon shall or may recover the value thereof so returned, by action of debty bill, plaint or information, in any, of her Highness courts of record, against the maker or feller thereof, by whose means or consent the same was Co tentered, (trained or stretched.

3 Car. 1. c. 4 Continued unto the end of the first session of the next parliament, and farther continued by 16 Car. 1. 4.

6o Anno quadragesimo temo Elizabeths, c, ir. [i6ou

CAP. XL

An act for the recovering of many hundred thou fond acres of marjhesy and other groundssubject commonly to surrounding, within the isle of Ely and the counties of Cambridge, Huntington* Northampton, Lincoln, Norfolk, Suffolk, Sussex, Essex, Kent, and the county palatine of Durham.

WHEREAS it is apparent to such as "have travelled in the be*, execution of commissions of fnuers in the isle and counties a-

made between firesaidy that the wafies, commons, marshes and jenny grounds there lonls and subject to surrounding, may be recovered by jkilful and able tender-commoners of taker sy whereby great and inestimable benefit would arise to her Ma-S^veral C*rs an* successor^ disburdening her Highness of many counties, and chargeable banks and works of sewers within those surrounded grounds, £he persons as the increase of many able subjects, by habitations being the re undertaking erested, and in like fort profitable unto many her Highness Jiibjests, pewtuily *es P°^tlch as corporate, who have estate of inheritance, and Sry^&c.^9*her interest within the same: (2) and for that the draining and making dry and profitable of those surrounded grounds is chiefly hind-red, for that the greater part of them are wastes and commons fubt jefi yearly to fur roundings wherein divers have common by preferip-tion, by reason of their refiancy and inhabitancy, which kind of commons, nor their interest therein? can by the common law be exttnguish-edy or granted to bind others which should inhabit there afterwards;

.(3) end in that also it appear ethy that the commoners in respect of

their poverty are unable to pay the great charges to such as should undertake the recovery of the same:

A bargain be- IL It may please your Majesty, That by your Highness, and tween the*the lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this lords and present parliament assembled, and the authority of the same. It c^monersin may foe enabled, That the lord or lords, as well bodies politick the under- or corporate, any other person or persons whatsoever, of all takers. and every the wastes and commons aforesaid, and the most of the commoners for the particular common's, and likewise the owners, and such as have or shall have interest in any several surrounded grounds lying within or near the same, may contract or bargain for part of such commons, wastes and several s aforesaid, with such person and persons which will undertake the draining and keeping dry perpetually the several s, wastes and commons of that quality: fa) which contract an<) bargain, and conveyances thereupon maae, shall be good and available in law to all constru#ions and purposes, against the said lords of the said foil, and owners of several, and their heirs, successors and assigns, and all the commoners, and such as shall or might have common or interest there afterwards, according to the contracts, covenants, provisions and agreements in those, conveyances to be specified, and for so much of such commons, wastes, or several s, as shall be so contracted or conveyed, to hold and enjoy in several ty to such person and persons, his or their assignee or assignees, as shall or have undertaken the fapne, in such manner and form as his or their estates and interest are or shall be,

fcy

61

1601.] Anno o qua^ragesimo tertio Elizabeths. c.ii#

by or upon such contrails or agreements, by such conveyances limited and appointed*.

lit. Provided notwithstanding, and be it enacted by the Where the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where your Highness, Queen is own-your heirs and successors, is or shall be lord or owner of the^e waste freehold of the foil of such wades or commons, or any part of or common, the fames, That the most part of the commoners in such your or of part Highness, foil shall or may contrail, bargain, allign, and set thereof, forth, as is aforesaid, part of their common therein, to any person or persons which will undertake the draining of that whole common, (according as the lords and the mod'part of the commoners in the surrounded wades and commons aforesaid of bodies politick or corporate may do as is before declared ;,) (a) which shall bind, and be good and available against all the said commoners, their heirs, executors or assigns, and all others that shall hereafter by reason of any their refiancy* claim any common of padure in the said wanes or common grounds whereof the foil doth or shall pertain to your Majesty, of and for all their intered or claim of common therein, to hold according to the true intent and effect of such contract, bargain, assignment and conveyances, by writing indented, sealed and delivered by the most part of such commoners, as shall be made between the most part of such commoners and such undertakers; (3) but shall not in any fort be of any effect or validity against your Highness, your heirs, successors or assigns, ior their estate or estates, in or to the foil thereof, except such conveyances be by writing indented in parchment, and one part thereof under the hands and seals of most part of the commoners so contracting the same, certified into your Highness high court of chancery, if the wades or foils shall be of the possessions of your Highness crown of England: (4) and except your Majesty's royal consent be obtained thereunto, The Queen's and signified by and under your Highness privy seal or great apnt under seal, and inrolled in your Highness said court of chancery, ^a^7e3°r and after such assent so had, signified and inrolled, then, the fnd inrolled same contracts and covenants shall be good and available tp all in chancery, and every such undertakers, their heirs and assigns, against your Highness, your heirs and successors, according to the provisions, agreements and covenants so assented unto by your Highness, -your heirs and successors: (5) and where they are Queen of the possession of the duchy of LantaJUr, then the said con- bring tract, bargain^ assignment, of or from your Highness, (hah duchy'land, not be of any effect or validity against your Highness, your heirs, successors and assigns, except such contract and bargain touching the premisses, and such assignment and setting forth of such part to the said undertakers to hold in several ty, be by writing indented in parchment, sealed and delivered by the said commoners or the most part of them, and the said undertakers, and one part thereof certified under the hands and seals of most part of the commoners, into your Highness court of the duchy of Lancaster for the time bring, and your Majesty's royal consent, under the seal of the said duchy obtained thereunto.

Si Antto quidragdimo tertio Etiz abet# Jfi. C.ii. £ 1661 -

v unto, add there mroHed in that court: "(61 which consent royal being obtained for the foil of suchwaste, being of the pdfleffibns of the crown, and under the seal of the (hid duchy, of your Hi&hness foil of such wastes as are of those possessions, the said undertakers, and their heirs and assigns4, shall and may enjoy in severalty the foil of so much Waite and coirimon as wua so contracted for, assigned and set forth by tlje most part of your Highness commoners, in such fort and quality as the said undertakers shall hold and enjoy the interest of common, to all Intents and purposes.

This statute

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this act, nor shall extend any thing therein contained, shall not extend to the impairing', buttofo much diminishing, letting, taking away or extinguishing of the in-fl^nbecon- of the commoners of any of them, or of the lords of

tra&ed for. owners of the foil, of, in or to any part of the residue of the wastes or commons, which is not or shall not be so set forth or assigned to the undertakers: (2) nor to any franchises, or liberties, or waif, (tray, leet, kwday, nor other liberties to be used or taken in the part so to the said undertakers assigned j This assign- (3) but that as well the commoners, and lords and owners ot tnent shall that foil, shall and may enjoy their commons in the residue hinder no thereof, and the Queen's majesty, her heirs and successors, and man s UDerty. t^e jor(js and ^g shall and may have and enjoy such liberties and franchises in such their part as heretofore was lawfully*Used, and as they or any of them should or might have done,

if this act or such contract, bargain and assignment had never beenany thing in this statute contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Not prejudi- V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this act, nof rial to the any thing therein contained, shall not extend either to any ports or ha- bargain, sale, agreement, grant, conveyance or assurance, of vcn3* to the inning, draining or laying dry of any commons, mar*

Ihes of forrounded grounds, whereby or by means whereof any of the havens or ports of this realm of England may be in any fort annoyed, impaired or hindred; nor to any grounds within eight miles of Yarmouth, or fix miles of Lynn within the county 1 Saund. 346.«Norfolk. 4 Jac. r. c. 8.

CAP. XII.

An act concerning matters of assurances used among merchants.

The benefits 'WHEREAS it ever hath been the policy of this realm by all ensuing by the good means to comfort and encourage the merchant^ ' thereby meiuof^mer- advance and increast the general wealth of the realm, her Majesefs chants. cufeomsy and the strength of flapping; which confederation is now the 3 Inst, 165. more requlfetc^ becaafe trade and traffick is not at this present so opeti Stiles 266. as af otfo tim€S^kaffr ^een: (2) and whereas it hath been time out of mind an ufdge amongst merchants, both of this realm and of foreign nations, when they make any great adventure, (especially into remote parts) to give some confederation of money to other persons (which commonly are in no fenail member) to have from them assurance made of their goods, merchandizes, ships and things adventured9 6 or

1610.] Anno quadragesimo tertio Elizabeths. c.itJ 6

orjjme part thereof, at such rates and in fiuh fort as the parties assurers and the parties assurtd can agree, which course of dealing is commonly termed a policy of assurance \ (2) by means of which po^ a policy of licies of assurance it someth to pass, upon the loss or penshing of any assurance, flip, there folbweth not the undoing of any man, but the loss lightethnd* rather eafuy upon many than heavily upon few, and rather upon them thereby?* that adventure not than those that do adventure, whereby all mer* chants, especially of the younger fort, are allured to venture more willingly and more freely: (4) and whereas heretofore such assurers have used to jland Jo jujlly and precisely upon their credits, as few at no controversies have arisen thereupon, and if any have grown, the same have from time to time been ended and ordered by certain grave and dtjcreet merchants appointed by the lord mayor of the city of London* as men by reason of their experience fittejl to under Jland, andfpeedily to decide those causes, until of late years that divers per font havewithdrawn themselves from that arbitrary course, and havefought to draw the parties assured to seek their monies of every several ajsurer, by flits commenced in her Majesty's courts, to their great charges and delays: (5) for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority Commissions of this present parliament. That it shall and may be lawful for awarded to the lord chancellor, or lord keeper of the great leal of England, de-

for the time being, to award forth under the great seal of Eng- touching po-land, one general or (landing commission, to be renewed yearly licies ofaffh-at the least, and otherwise so oft as unto the said lord chancellor or lord keeper shall seem good, for the hearing and determining of causes arising and policies of assurances, such as now are ners. or hereafter shall be entered within the office of assurances with- 1 Show. 39$. in the city of London, and whereof no suit shall be depending the last day of this fcjlion of parliament, in any of her Majesty's courts* (6) which commission shall be directed to the judge of the admiralty for the time being, the recorder of London for the time being, two doAors of the civil law, and two common lawyers, and eight grave and discreet merchants, or to any five of* them: in) which of, or the greater part of them, which shall fit and meet, shall have by virtue of this present act full power and authority to hear, examine, order and decree all and every such cause and causes concerning policies of assurances in a brief and summary course, as to their discretion shall seem meet, without formalities of pleadings or proceedings.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The comraif-That it shall be lawful for the said of, as well to doners autho-warn any of the parties to come before them, as also to exa- rit?m mine upon oath any witness that shall be produced, and to commit to prison without bail or mainprize, any person that shall wilfully contemn or disobey their final orders or decrees: (2) and that the said of shall once every week at the lead, meet and fit upon the execution of the said commission in the office of the assurances, or in some other convenient publick place by them to be assigned: (3) and that no person by virtue of this act may claim or exaA any fee, for any

matter

4 Anno quadragesimo tertio Elizabeths, c.igf. [igoiJ

matter or cause concerning the execution of the said commission.

A remedy for HI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid*; the party That if any person shall be grieved by sentence or decree of

grieved bjr the said coirtmissioners, that such persons so grieved may at

nmdiuL any within two months of the said decree so made, exhibit his bill into the high court of chancery for the re-examination of such decree; (2) so as every person complainant* before he shall exhibit any such bill, do either execute and satisfy the said sentence so awarded, or at the lead lay down in deposito with the said of such sums of money as he shall be awarded to pay, and that upon so doing the said complainant shall be enlarged of his imprisonment: (3) and that the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, for the time being, shall have full power and authority by virtue of this act, upon every complaint made (in order as aforesaid) to reverse or affirm every such sentence or decree, according to equity and conscience: £4) and that the said lord chancellor or lors keeper, in every such liiit brought before him, as aforesaid, by such affurers*

and decreed against the said aflurers, shall award double costs to the party amired.

Ko assurer or

IV. Provided nevertheless, That no commissioner shall in-aMired shall termeddle in the execution of any such commission in any meddle in the cause or matter of assurance where himself shall be either a par-Everyam- ty aircr or allured in the same assurance which is brought in snissioner may question: f 2) nor that any commissioner (other than the said act having judge of the admiralty and the recorder ot London) shall deal t^cen an oath Qr proceed in the execution of any such commission before he fold myor ^ave ta^en his corporal oath before the lord mayor and court uCar.a. of aldermen of the city of London, to proceed uprightly and in-c.aj.f. a. differently between party and party.

CAP. XIII.

An act for the more peaceable government of the parts of Cumberland, Northumberland, Westmorland, and the bishoprick of Durefme.

FORASMUCH as now of late years very many of her Majesty's subjects dwelling and inhabiting within the counties of Cumberland, Northumberland, Westmorland, and the bishoprick ^Durefme, have been taken, some forth of their own houses, and some in travelling by tie highwayf or otherwise, and carried out of the same counties, or to same other places within some of the said several counties, as prisoners, and kept barbarously and Several outra- cruelly until they have been redeemed by great ransoms: (2) and gious mifde- where now of late time there have been many incursions, roads, rob-mftted^n °m- Series, and burning and spoiling of towns, villages and houses Cumberland within the said counties, that divers and sundry of her Majesty's &c.*loving subjects within the said counties, and the inhabitants of divers towns there, have been forced to pay a certain rate of money, corn, cattle or other consideration, cotnmonly there called by the name of black-mail, unto divert and furJry inhabiting upon or

1601.] Anno quadragesimo tertio Elizabeths, c. 13. 65

near the borders, being men of name, and friended and allied with divers in those parts, who are commonly known to be great robbers and ffoij takers within the said counties, to the end thereby to be by them freed) protected and kept in safety from the danger of such as do usually rob and Jleal in those parts: (3) By reason whereof many of the inhabitants thereabouts being her Majestys tenants, or 0-flier good subjects, are much impoverished, and theft and robbery much increasedy and the maintainers thereof greatly encouraged* and the service of those borders and frontiers much wcakned and decayed, and divers towns thereabouts much difptopled and laid wajliy and her Majestfs own revenue greatly diminished: (4) which heinous and outragious misdemeanors there cannot so well by the ordinary officers of her Majesty in those parts be speedily prevented or JfPprefledy without further provision of law:

II. For remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority of Carrying alibis present parliament, That whosoever shall at any time way or detain* hereafter, without good and lawful Warrant and authority, ing any per- take any of lief Majesty's subjects against his or their will or wills, ' and carry them out of the same counties, or to any outlier place within any of the said counties, or detain, force or imprison him of them as prisoners, or against his or their wills to ransom them, or to make a prey or spoil of his or their person or goods, upon deadly feud or otherwise: (2) or whosoever shall be privy, cohfenting, aiding or assisting unto any such Assenting or taking, detaining or carrying away, or procure the taking, aiding to the detaining or carrying away, of any such person or persons ta!"?S prisoners, aforesaid: (3) or whosoever mall take, receive"*

or carry, t6 the use of himself, or wittingly to the use of any, other, any money, com, cattle of other consideration, commonly called black-maily for the protecting or defending of Receiving or him of them, or his or their lands, tenements, goods or carrying ot' chattels, from such thefts, spoils and robberies, as is aforesaid: black-mail.

(4) or whosoever shall give any such money, corn, cattle or Giving of other consideration, called black-maily for such protection as is black-mail for aforesaid: (5) or shall wilfully and of malice bum or cause to ProtcPlon' be burned, of aid, procure or content to the burning of any Burning of barn or (tack of corn or gfain, within any the said counties or barns or places aforesaid; (6) and shall be of the said several of- ^cks of corn, fences, or any of them indicted, and lawfully convicted, ^ccs or shall stand mute, or shall challenge peremptorily above the £c felony number of twenty before the justices of assizes, justices of gaol- without cler-delivery, justices of oyer and terminer, or justices of peace with- gy» &c* in any of the said counties, at some of their general Tedious i*1^-6*6?* within some of the said counties to be holden; shall be reputed, adjudged and taken to be as felons, (7) and shall suffer Spains of death, without any benefit of clergy, sanctuary or abjuration, and shall forfeit as in case of felony.

III. And where divers and fiiniry persons within the said countiesy being indicted and outlawed for mureters, robberies, burglaries or other felonies, do notwithstanding ordinarily resort and come to mar-iets, fairs and other publick assemblies and meetings, and do there

con*

shall be de dared to the sheriff.

of the outlaws.

66 Anno quadragesimo tertio Elizabeths, fc. 13.. [i6or

controversy trqffick and trade with other her Majesty's subjetfoy and are entertainedy and have the privilege as men obedient to lows, and yet do never yield themselves to trial of lawy nor are apprehended, whereby the ordinary proceeding of law9 and execution of justice i/t those parts are grown now into very great contempt:

The names of IV. Be it therefore likewise further enacted, That every

all outlaws clerk of the peace within every of the said counties shall within the space of two months next after any outlawry within any of the said counties, deliver or cause to be delivered by writing under his hand, 'the names of all and every such as are ot shall be hereafter outlawed within their several counties, to Proclamation all and every the sheriffs of the said several counties: (2) and all and every the said sheriffs shall proclaim and publish them to be outlawed in their several county-courts, and in the city of Carliky the towns of Penreth and Cockermouth in the county of Cumberland, and in the towns of Appulby and Kendal in the county of Westmorland, and in the town of Newcastle upon Tine in the county of the town of Newcastle upon Tiniy and in the towns of Morpethy Alnewick and Hexam in the county of Northumberland, and in the city of Durefmey and towns of Darlington, Bishop-Awdand and tiernard-castle within die bi-fhoprick of Durefmey and in the town of Berwick upon Tweed;

(3) and that the said ftieriffs having notice, as aforesaid, shall from time to time, once in the month at theif county-court, proclaim every of the said persons so outlawed, or hereafter to be outlawed, until they shall yield their bodies to prison: (4) and likewise that the mayors, bailiffs, aldermen, and other chief officers, within the (aid1 several cities and towns, shall

!>roclaitn the like at every fair or fairs to be kept within the aid cities or towns, and once every six weeks at their markets.

V. And be it also enacted, That if any person or persons ment for re-^inhabiting within any the said several counties shall wittingly fearing with"- an(* willingly have conference, talk, or in any fort shall relieve, outlaw for entertain or confer with any such person or persons so outlawed, or hereafter to be outlawed, for any fuclv mureters, robberies, burglaries or other felonies, having' knowledge of the same outlawries, by reason of the same proclamation or otherwise, and then shall not with convenient speed do his belt endeavour to take and arrest any such person or persons so outlawed, or to be outlawed as is aforesaid, shall suffer imprisonment by the space of fix monrhs, without bail or mainprise, and be bound with two sufficient sureties for his good behaviour for the foace of one year after, before he be enlarged of his imprisonment.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the justices of sffife within any of the said counties, justices of gaol-delivery, justices of oyer and terminery or justices of peace within any of the said counties, at any of their general sessions, shall have power and authority by virtue of this act, to esquire, hear and determine of the offences and defaults* of the said sheriffs,

mayors.

The punishment for re-

am

ielony.

The enquiry and punishment of the offenders.

1 tot.] Armor quadrdgefiiiior tertio flLiiAtbthjb. c. 14.

mayors bailiffs, aldertnen and other officers, and of the clerks of the peace within the said counties, and proceed against them by information or indictment, and punish them by fine, imprisonment or otbefvrife, as they shall think fit.

VII. Provided always, That thi* aft, not stay thing therein The autho-contained, shall not extend to abridge or ifnpeaCh the jurisdic- rity of'tion or authority of any the fords wardens of any (he marches shall no^be nl of England, for and anenft Scotland \ any thing iti this prefers impeached# act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XIV.

An act concerning the affixes of fewel.

WHEREAS in the parliament holden at Westminster in the The penalty seventh year of King Edward the Sixth, one aft was made of the Hatute touching the affixed talwood, billets and faggots to be spent in Lon- of 7 Ed. 6.0.7* don and Westminster^ the which affixes were very meet and conve- oTfewel* re? nietit should be kett in all places through this realm, where fitch taU pealed, and Wood, billets and faggots are ufedtobe spent; (2) neverthelessy the another for-forfeiture contained in the said statute for every /hide of talwood, bit- rtitnre assign-let and faggot, lacking the affixe, being put to sale, is three shillings a repeal of and four pence \ which penalty is oVer-heavy and extreme, considering the forfeiture the farne dependeth upon the fault of poor labouring men, which do 0^3 ?.d. lira/, mark and shake the same many times without the knowledge or consent of the feller: (3) for remedy whereof, be it enacted by 6 7jhe* the authority of this present parliament, That so much of the assize of tal-feid statute as concerneth the forfeiture of three shillings four wood, billet*pence for every (bide of talwood, billet or faggot, lacking the and assize contained" therein, shall from henceforth be void and of JJf* ffi none effect; (4) and yet the assize for the said talwood, billet and fhaj] continue* faggots, shall still continue in force, not only for London and West-9 Ann. e, 15, ntin/lety but ako in all other cities, boroughs and towns corporate of this realm, where such talwood, billet and faggot9 are accuse tomed to bd fold.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any perfori or persons shall after the first day of May now next eniuing bring any tal- wood, billet or faggot, to any city, borough or town corporate within this realm, there to be sold, or being brought,

shall put. the same to sale, neither being of the assize mentioned in the said statute made in the seventh year of King Edward the Sixth, or agreeing with the measures hereafter in this act limited j that then upon information thereof given to the mayor, bailiff, or other head officer of the said city, borough or town corporate, they shall have power and autho- Six cliaifedfo rity to call before them fix good and lawful men of the said esquire of the city, borough or town corporate, and shall swear them upon their corporal oaths, truly to enquire and present, whether*all or any part of the said talwood, billets or faegots be of good and sufficient assize, according to the said statute, and the limitation of assize herein contained, or not: (2) and if they shall present upon their oaths* that any of the same

Fa taU

69 Adqo quadragesimo tertio Elizabeth a. c. 14, fi6ot-.

t^lwood, billets or faggots be not of such good and sufficient assize, as abovesaid, that then thd said mayor, bailiffs and other head officers of the said cities, boroughs and towns corporate, by force of this act, upon their presentment, shall and may take such of the same talwood, billets and faggots stf The forfeiture be false sized, as forfeited, (3) and shall deliver the famd shalT be distri-unto some overseers for the poor in the said cities, boroughs buted to the an(j towns corporate, to be by them given and distributed to the poor there, according to their discretions, from time to

time, as often as such offences shall be presented in manner and form abovesaid.

III. And whereas in the said former statute it was enabled and limited\ That every taljhide shall contain in length four foot besides the carjf; (2) and every taljhide named one, should contain in great-, ness within one foot of the midst, sixteen inches about; (3) and every taljhide named of tzvo, to contain in greatness within a foot of the midjl, twenty and three inches about; (4) and every taljhide named of three, to contain in greatness within one foot to the midjl, twenty and eight inches about; (5) and every taljhide named of four, to contain in greatness within one foot of the midjl, thirty-three'inches about; (6) and every taljhide named of five, to contain in greatnefr within one foot of the midjl, thirty-eight inches about; (7) and tvery billet to contain in length three foot four inches\ and every billet named asingle, to contain seven inches and an half about; (8) and every billet named to be a cast, to contain ten inches about; (9) and every billet named of two cast, to contain fourteen inches about; (10) a fid every faggot, bend ornick, to contain in length three foot; (11) and the bond of every fuen faggot to be of four and twenty inches about, befdes the knot: (12) in which act it was further enacted, That all billets of two cast should be marked within fix inches of the midst thereof > ( 13 J and every billet of one cast to be marled only within four inches of the end thereof; as in the said act of parliament, a-mongfl divers other slauses, articles and provisions doth and may ap-Several deceit, pear: (14) and whereas divers evil- disposefpersons, evading from fulpractice, t]je true intent, good meaning and purpose of the said act of parliament, ^etrue mean- ^uVe cunn^> devised, by cleaving of wood made or to be marked for ing of the fta- tahvood or billet, and by flopping of faggots with shortflicks about the tute of 7 Ed. midjl thereof, so to deceive and abuse the subjects of this realm, as

6- c. 7' many times they fell the one half or little more for the whole, and yet

so cunningly carried, that by the flrifi letter of the said statute they cannot be controlled, by reason the said jiatute useth only the word (about) and wanteth the word [round): (15) and whereas by the true intent of the said statute, every bend of faggot Jhciild be three foot, and the bond befdes the knot four and twenty inches, the said evU-disposed people do not only make the said bends or faggot-flicks much'Jbortcr, but if any chance to be of sufficient length, then only one

or two cf ibefe shall be put in faggot, and the bend filled

up with Short flicks cr lends fcerce one foot long, to the great damage and deceit of her Majestfs subjects buying the same:

IV, For avoiding of all which deceits for ever hereafter, and 10 6 ' avoid

1601 ..] Anno quadragesimo tertio Euz abeth/b. c, 14; 69

avoid all fcruplet ambiguity or doubt hereafter to be made of the said statute, or the true meaning thereof and for that it must needs be permitted to cleave great trees into talwood or billet, for conveniency of use: (2) be it therefore (for explanation of the true intent of the said statute) enabled by authority of this present parlia- The compass ment, That from and after the first day of May now next oftalfhidcs coming, every talfhide marked of one, being round-bodied, nwkcd'

shall contain sixteen inches of assize in compass; being of half-round, nineteen inches of assize about; being quarterr cleft, eighteen inches and a half of assize about: (3) and that every talthide marked two, being round-bodied, shall contain in compass three and twenty inches of assize about; being half-round, seven and twenty inches of assize about; being of quarter-cleft, fix and twenty inches of assize about: (4} and that every talfhide mark'd three, shall contain in compass about (being round) eight and twenty inches of assize; being half-round, to contain ih compass three and thirty inches of assize; being of quarter-cleft, two and thirty inches of assize about:

(5) and every talfhide marked four, to contain in compass, being.round, three and thirty inches of assize; being half-round, nine and thirty inches of assize about; being or quarter-cleft, eight and thirty inches of assize about: (6) and every talfhide marked five, shall contain in compass, being round, eight and thirty inches of assize about, and being halt-round, four and forty inches of assize about, and being quarter-elect, three and forty inches of assize about: (7) all which*to be measured about within fix inches of the midst thereof, and to contain the length limited by the said statute: (8) and in all other forms and manner of cleaving of wood to be hereafter marked and fold for talwood, which will not admit the former forms or manner of cleaving, nor any of these, to observe the letter of the said statute of Anno 7 Ed. 6. c. 7.

V. And for the better understanding of the intent of this statute, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every one of these forms, the surplusage of compass that shall happen between any two next measures, being above the one, and under the other, in every kind, shall be deemed, allowed and taken to be for and to the benefit of the buyer, and not otherwise to be computable.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The compass That every billet named a single, shall contain in compass,

being round-bodied, seven inches and an half of assize, and no Angles to be made or marked out of cleft-wood: (2) and effectualby every billet marked one, commonly called a cast, to contain9 Ann*, c. 15, in compass about, eleven inches of assize, being round; and being half-round, to contain in compass thirteen inches of assize about; and being quarter-cleft, to contain in compass about, twelve inches and an half: (3) and every billet marked two, commonly called two cast, to contain in compass a-;

jaout, being round, sixteen inches' ofvassize; and being halt-

F 3 round.

7. Anno quadragesimo tert.o Elizabe'thje. c-. 16-19. take the ac- mayor of the said city for the time being, shall for ever hereafter mentofa" ^avc Power and authority to award and fend forth such

fine. a like writ or writs, process or precepts of l)dmus Pittjtatem as

is aforesaid, to any two or more fuffitient persons, authorizing them or some of them, to receive and take the acknowledgment of such person or persons as shall be willing to levy such fine or fines, and by reason of sickness, or other reasonable impediment; cannot come in person before the (kid mayor for the time beirigt to make such acknowledgment: (2) and that all and every such fine and fines, as upon any such acknowledgment made and certified into the said coyrt of Portmoot shall be hereafter engrossed, recprded and proclaimed in such manner and form as is formerly limited and appointed, before the mayor of the said city for the time being, in the said court of Portmoot, shall be of like force and effect to all intents, constructions and purposes, as if the same fine or fines had been personally acknowledged before the said mayor, and engrossed, recorded and proclaimed in such manner and form as in and by this present act is formerly limited, appointed, expressed and declared. f:

Where a fine Vi. Provided always, and be it erracted, That fines to be

Chester may *4 by virtue of this act shall be subject to be reverted and be reversed ny pay be reverted upon writs of error to be sued and prosecuted writ of error, before the said high justice of the said county palatine of Chesterx as other judgments given by the said mayor in the said Portmoot-court may be, and have used to be, if there shall be found error in the same fine or fines.

CAP. XVI.

The county of Cumberland shall Jtand chargeable for the eresting, maintaining, repairing and new making of Edon-bridge and Prefibcick-bridge, (landing over the river of Edon, when and ax often a0 need shall require: and for the assessment, rating, cohesion and employing of such works and Aims of money as from rime to time shall be needful for the building and repairing of thdfe bridges, fock form and order shall be observed in all thing*, by and through the said county, a* is appointed by the liatute ot 22 H. 8. c. 5. for the repair of bridges: but the inhabitants of the lordship of Mjlham shall not be chargeable with any contribution thereunto.

CAP. XVII.

A confirmation of four subsidies of four shillings in the pound, granted. to the Queen by the clergy. EXP.

CAP. XVIII.

A grant by the temporalty to the Queen of four entire subsidies, and tight fifteens and tentha. EXP.

CAP. XIX.

A confirmation by the parliament of the Queen's general and free pardon: except, Sec. EXP.

4n*>

1604.] Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c.i 73

Alnno Regni Jacobi Regis Anglic Scotia* prancia &* Hibernia*

VIZ.

Anglia, Francia & Hibernia ftcundo \yulgo primo,] & Scotia tricesimo septimo.

At the parliament begun and holden at Westminster the nineteenth day of March in the first year of the reign of our most gracious sovereign lord James, by the Grace of God, of England, France and Ireland jKing* defender of the faith, & c. and of Scotland the seven and thirtieth, and there continued until the seventh day of July one thousand six hundred four, and then prorogued until the seventh of February next following: to the high pleasure of Almighty God, and the weal publick of this realm, were enabled as followeth.

CAP. I.

A most joyful and just recognition of the immediate, lawful and undoubted successton, descent and right of the crown.

GREAT and manifold were the benefits (most dread and most a recognition gracious sovereign) wherewith'Almighty God blessed this king- thatihedwij dom and nation by the happy union and conjunction of the two noble d*

houses of York and Lancaster, thereby preserving this noble realm, tended unto*formerly torn and almost wasted with long and miserable dissenfton King James, and bloody civil war $ (2) but more inestimable and unspeakable vie ft his progeny fengs are thereby poured upon us, because there is derived and grown Parity. from and out of that union of those two princely families, a more fa- enfuir^by the thousand greater union (or rather a re-uniting) of two mighty, fa- conjunction ot' mous and ancient kingdoms (yet anciently but one) of England and the houses of Scotland, under one imperial crown, in your most royalperson, who York^is lineally, rightfully and lawfully defended of the body of the most xheunfdng excellent lady Margaret, eldest daughter of the most renowned King Of England Henry the Seventh, and the high and noble princess Queen Elizabeth and Scotland his wife, eldest daughter of King Edward the Fourth; the said lady in tj, e Kb* Margaret being eldest fetfter of King Henry the Eighth, father of Perr°n-the high and mighty princess of famous memory, Elizabeth late gH/een of England:

II. In confederation whereof, albeit we your Majesty's loyal and The acknow-faithful subjects, of all estates and degrees, with all pojfeble and pub- K?n"g

lick joy and acclamation, by open proclamations within few hours after title, an§ tho the decease of our late sovereign Queen, acknowledging thereby with love of his one full voice of tongue and heart. That your majesty was cur only subjcdh, shew*

74 Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c.t.

[16014.;

lawful and rightful liege lord and sovereign, by our unspeakable and general rqoycing and oppkufe at your Majesty's mpjl^ happy inauguration and coronation, by the affectionate itfire of infinite numbers of us* of all degrees, to fee your royal perfim, and by aJlpoJfible outward means have endeavoured to make demonfiration of our inward love, zeal and devotion to your most excellent Majesty, our undoubtful rightful liege sovereign lord and King: (2) yet as we cannot do it too osten, or enough, fa can there bi ne means or ways so fit, both to faerifitt-our "unfeigned and hearty thanks to Almighty God, for blessing us with a sovereign adorned vnth the rarest gifts of mind and body, in such admirable peace end quietness, and upon the knees of our hearts to agnize our mft conjoint faith, obedience and loyalty to your Majesty and your royal progeny, as in this high court of parliament, where all the tffhole body of the realm, and every particular member thereof, either in porfin or by representation (upon their own frit el eft tom) are by the laws of this realm deemed to bepersonally present.

Several causes III To the acknowledgment whereof to your Majesty, we are, the

bo*1 f b kounden and obliged, as well in regard of the extraordinary

lefts'to the eare una pains which with so great wisdom, knowledge, experience and love and obe- dexterity, your Majesty (fitbenoe the imperial crown of tfyis realm dience of the defended to you) have taken for the continuance and establijbmeni of the blessed peace both of the church of England in the true andfincere religion j and of the commonwealth by due and speeiy administration of justice, as in respect of the gracious care and inward affection which it pleased you on the first day of this parliament so lively to express by your o % vn words, so full, of high wisdom, learning and virtuey and Jo ripleat with royal and thankful acceptation of all our faithful and constant endeavours, which is and ever will ft to our inestimable con- fmtitm and comfort,

a«fe* of IV, We therefore your most humble and loyal subjects, the for is tta^iring spiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament the K^jfMd aJFmN*d, do from the bottom of our hearts, yield to the divine Ma^ fcis progeny. Jtfo humble thanks and praises, not only for the said unspeakable and inestimable benefits and klejjings above-mentioned, but also that he bath further enriched your Highness with a mofi royal progeny of most rare and excellent gifts and forwardness, and in his goodness is likely to increast the happy number of them: (2) and in most humble end lowly manner do beseech your most excellent Majesty, that (as a memorial to all posterities, xmongst the records of your high court of parliament for ever to endure, of our loyalty, obedience and hearty and humble affection) (3)11 may be published and declared in this high court of parliament, and enacted by Immediately authority of the same, That we (being bounden ^hereunto botn 5P?n Q^fn by the law$ of God and man) do recognize and acknowledge deaththe thereby express our unspeakable joys) That immediately

crown of upon the dissolution and decease of Elizabeth late -Queen of England, See. England, the imperial crown of the realm of England, and of defended to asshc kingdoms, dominions and rights belonging to the same, did by inherent birthright, and lawful and undoubted succession, defeend and come to your most excellent Majesty, as being lineally, justly and lawfully, next and foie heir of the blood

royal

the King by lawful birth right and

wteeor.

1£o4.] Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c. 2.

royal of this realm as is aforesaid: (4) and that by the goodnefr or God A^ighty, and lawful right of dcscent, under one is*-penal crown, your M^cfty is at the realms and kingdoms of England, Scotland, France and Inland, the moil potent and mighty King, and by God's goodnefc more able to protect and govern us your loving subjects in all peace and plenty, than any of yoi^r noble progenitors: (5) And thereunto we most humbly atm faithfully do submit and oblige ourfeWps, our heirs and posterities for ever, until the lad drop of our bloods, be spent: And do beseech your Majesty to accept the same, as the first-fruits in this high court of parliament* of our loyalty and faith to your Majesty, and your royal progeny and posterity for over: (6) Which if your Majesty ditll be pleased (as aa argument of yo*r gracious acceptation) to adorn with your Majesty^ royal adept, without which it can neither be compleat and persect, nor of-main to all poderity, according to our most humble desire, (as a memorial of your princely and tender affection towands us) we shall add this also to the rest of your Majesty's unfpeaJuWc and inestimable benefits.

Cap. il

An act authorizing certain cormijfmen of England to treat with (ommiffiomrs of Scotland, for the weal of both kingdome. 3 Jac. i.c. 3. 4jac*. c. 1. 22 Car. a. c. 9.

WHEREAS his most excellent Majesty hath been pleased, out ___.W* of Its great wifedome andjudgment, not only to represent un» to Uj by his ozvne prudent and princely speech on the first day of this frrlament, Kwmuchhee deftred, (in regard of his inward> and gracious affetiion to both the famous and ancient realmes ^England and Scot-, laud, now united in al egeance and loyall subjection inbisroyallperfoU % to his Majestie and his posterity for ever) that by a speedy, mature and J. uni deliberation, such a further union might follow, as should make perfect that mutuail love and uniformity oj manners and customes,

VJt ich Almighty God in his Providence for the strength and Jaftie of both realmes hath already so far begun in apparent fight of all the world, but also hath vouchsafed to expresse many ways, how farre it is, and ever shall be from his royaU and ftneere care and affetiion to the subjitis of England, to alter and innovate the fundamental! and ancient laws, priviledges and good customes of this kingdome, whereby not ontly Us regall authority, but the people's security of lands, livings and priviledges (both in generall and particular) are preserved and maintained, and by the abolishing or alteration of the which, it is im^oftible but that present confusion will fall upon the whole ft ate and frame of this kingdome.

II. Furasmuch as his Majesties humble, faithful and loving sub-jests, have not onely conceived the weight of his Majesties reasons, but apprehend to their unspeakable joy and comfort, his plaine, cleere and gracious intention, to feck no other changes or alteration, but of such particular, temporary or indifferent manner of statutes and customes,

0S may both prevent and extinguish all $nd every future questions, or

7$' Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c. 3. [1604.

unhappy accidents, by which the perfect and confiant love and friend-: Jhtp and quietnesse between the subjects of hot n't be realmes aforesaid+

may be compkated and confirmed, and also performe and atctimplish that real and effectuall union already inherent tn his Majesties royal blood and person, and now desired by his Majesiie to be performed \and brought to an end, for the weale of both hngdomes> by this course following, See:

CAP. III.

An act against the diminution of the possessions of archbishopricks and bishopricks, and for avoiding of dilapidations of \ the same.

AH assurance* AX / H£ REAS all the archbishopricks and bishopricks within this2 t!jc ' realm of England, were in ancient times founded by his Ma-Uncis of bi-C progenitors. Kings of this realm, and in respect

shops shall be thereof, his Majesty is lawful and rightful patron of all and every if void. the same: (2) And where also by the laws and statutes of this realm y

'Ey the statute-770 archbifisop or bishop can make any conveyance, assurance or estate w biLVean whatsoever, of any honours, castles, manors, lands, tenements or he-make any lease riditaments, parcel of the ppjfejfbns bf'his archbishoprick or bishoprick, of hi* land.Qr Uflitfd, flppertainingor belonging to any of the same, ' to any Subject but for1 whatsoever, whereby <my estate shouldor might pass from any arebtit-lix toVfuh^ bishop, other than for term of one and twenty years, or three

\e€t. a U lives, with such refinxHtens of rent, and in such manner and form,

as by the laws find statutes ore provided: (3) His most excellent Majesty underfiring that divers per fins have with great suit and importunity fought to frustrate the true end and intent of the said good Jaws and statutes in that behalf of his christian and princely piety and care, minding so to patronize and protect the said possessions from alienation or diminution, as that the same may, according to the true 'intent of the founders, remain and continue in succession to the arch-bishops and bishops of this realm and their successirs, for the better maintenance of Goa's true religion, keeping of bofpitcuity, and avoidr

ing of dilapidations, and thereby for ever hereafter to avoid all suits.and importunities for or concerning any of the said jpofiljftons, hath out of his oivn meer and godly motion, and of his blessed disposition for the publici good, without all regard of any private respebf, vouch-

fafed and is pleased. That it may be enabled and established by his Majesty, by and With the ajfint of the lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament ajfimbkd:

Nobilhopshall

II. And be it enacted and established by authority of the allure his land same. That every archbishop and bishop within this realm, and to rlf their and every of their successors, shall be from and after the

end of this present session of parliament, for ever wholly and utterly disabled in law, to make, do, levy or Puffer any acb or acts, thing or things, whereby or by means whereof, any of the said honours, castles, manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any part of them, or any of them, shall or may be aliened, allured, given, granted, demised, charged, or in any fort conveyed to our said sovereign lord the King, his heirs or successors: (2) And thatall alienations, assurances, gifts, grants,

leafeSj

10 Co. 6*.

11 Co. 71.

77

1604.] Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c. 4J

leases, charges and conveyances whatsoever, from and after the> end of this present session of parliament, to be done* suffered or made to our sovereign lord the King, his heirs or successors, by any archbishop or bishop, or their or any of their successors, or or out of any of the £ud possessions, or of or out of any part or parcel of them or any of them, and all and every confirmation and confirmations of the same, shall be from and after the end of this present session of parliament, utterly void and of none effect, to all intents, constructions and purposes; any former law, statute, aeft, ordinance or other matter or thing to the contrary notwithstanding. Co. Lit. 44. a.

CAP. IV.

An act for the due exceution of the statutes agtonjt jesuits y seminary priests, recusants, &c.

F^O R the better and more due execution of the statutes Statutes made heretofore made, as well against jesuits, seminary priests, and other such like priests, as also against all manner of recu-

fants; (2) Be it ordained and enacted by authority of this pre- execution, sent parliament, That all andeveiy the statutes heretofore made In what case a in the reign of the late Queen of famous memory, Elizabeth, as well against jesuits, seminary priests and other priests, dea-^cons, religious and ecclesiastical persons whatsoever, made, or- not. dained or professed, or to be made, ordained or professed, by Going into fe-any authority or jurisdiction derived, challenged or pretended mlnJ5ieSg from the fee of Rome, as those which do in any wise concern ] eWz.'c.s. the withdrawing of the King's subjects from their due obedience, 5 Eliz. c. 1! and the religion now professed, and the taking of the oath of 13 Eliz. c. obedience unto the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, to-3 Ehz. c. 1. gether with all those made in the said late Queen's time, against Ej(^ £ any manner of recusants, shall be put in due and exalt execution. j^Eliz'c. i, i.

ll. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the authority % 3Ht of this present parliament, That if any that is or shall be are- A recusant cufant shall fiibrnit to reform him or herself, and become obe- conforming 'dient to the laws and ordinances of the church of England\ and repair to the church and continue there during the time of the*465,

divine service and sermons, according to the true meaning of the*

statutes in that behalf, in the said late Queen's time made and provided. That then every such personforand during such time as he or she shall so continue in such conformity and obedience, shall from thenceforth be freed and discharged of and from any the penalties and lodes which the same person might otherwise sustain and bear in respect or by reason of such persons rccu-fancy,

III. And if any recusant shall hereafter die, his heir being no recusant. That in every such case, every such heir shall be freed and discharged of all and Angular the penalties, charges and incumbrances, happening upon him or her in respector by reason of his or her anceftoris recusancy: (2) And if at the decease of any such recusant, his heir shall happen to be a recu-lint, and after shall become conformable and obedient to the

taws

if

s Efiz. c. f.

A recusant's heir within ag at the time of fiitaheeftort dexth.

A third part of hit living shall remain dear to a re-uilant. »9£liz. c. 6»

The two parts of a recusant's lands, after his death, shall remain* in the King's hands until he be satisfied of the arrearages*

Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. &, p (1604.4

saws arkI ordinance of the churthof England* and repair to shes Church, and Continue thefre during the tithe of the divine fer-Viceand fermofts, according to the irtfent and tfutf meaning dt the said statutes and ordinances in that behaff made as is afore-faicL and also (halt take the Ostth of fuprethacy in such fort as that oatn is Ctfprttffed in one act of parliament made in the first year of the reign of our late fOvCreign lady Queen Elizabeth* before the archbishop of bifltap of the dioCefe; that in every such Case, every such heir shall be freed' and discharged of act and fingutaf flier penalties, charges and incumbrances, happening upon him or her in respect Of by reason Of any of his or her ancestor's recusancy.

IV. Provided always and be it enacted by authority Of t this present parliament. That if the heir of any recusant shall happen to be within the age of sixteen years at the time of the decease of his or her ancestor, and shall after his or her said age Of sixteen'years, become or be a recusant, that in every such case, any such heir shall not be freed or discharged of all or any of the penalties, charges and incumbrances happening upon him or her in respect orby reason of any of his or her ancestors fecufancy, until he or she shall submif or reform him or herself, and become obedient to the laws and ordinances of the church of England* and repair to the church, and continue there during the time of the divine service and sermons, according to the intent and true meaning.of the said statutes and ordinances in that behalf as is aforesaid, and shall take the said oath of supremacy in manner and form afore expressed; and yet nevertheless, from and after such submission and oath had and taken, every such heir shall be freed and discharged of all and singular the penalties, charges and incumbrances happening upon him or her in refoedt or by reason of any of his or her ancestors recusancy.

V. And be it further enacted by authority of this present parliament, That where any seizure shall be had of the two parts of any lands, tenements, hereditaments, leases or farms, for the not payment of the twenty pounds, due and payable for each montn, according to the statute in that case lately made and provided; That in* every such Case, every such two parts shall, according to the extent thereof, go towards the satisfaction and payment of the twenty pounds due and payable for each month, and unpaid by any such recusant: (2) And that the third part thereof shall not be extended or feizea by the King's majesty, his heirs or successors, for not payment of the said twenty pounds payable for each month forfeited or loft by any such recusant: (3) And where any such seizure shall be had of the two parts of the lands, tenements, hereditaments, leases or farms of any such recusant as is aforesaid, and such recusant shall die, (the debt or duty, by reason of his recusancy, not paid, satisfied or discharged) that in every such case, the same two parts shall continue in his Majesty's possession, until the residue or remainder of the said debt or duty be thereby or otherwise paid, satisfied or discharged; (4) And that his Majesty,

to '

79

t&H.] Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. £. 4;

his heirs or successors, shall not ferae or extend any third pars defending to any such heirs or any part thereof, either by reason of the Decufancy of his or her ancestor, or of the recusancy of any such heir.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority of this pre- None shall go lent parliament. That all and every person and persons under or fend any the King's obedience, which at any time (after the end of thisotbcrt°afem* session of parliament) shall poss or go, or shall lend or cause to na££

be sent, any child, or other person under their or any of their3 JA* government, into any the parts beyond the seas, out of th*

King's obedience, to the intent to enter into, or to be resident in any college, seminary or house of jesuits, priests or any other popish order, profession or calTing whatsoever, or repair in or to any the same, to be instructed, persuaded or strengthned in the -popish religion, or in any fort to profess the same; every such person so fending or causing to be sent, any child or other person, beyond the seas to any such purpose or intent, shall for g0, reUahtg every such offence forfeit to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, beret* the lum of one hundred pounds: (2) And e^ery such person lb 3 Car. s» passing or being sent beyond the seas to any such intent or pur-l* pose as is aforesaid, shall by authority of this present act, as in respect of him or herself only, and not to or in respect of any of his heirs or posterity, be disabled and made incapable to inherit, purchase, take, have or enjoy any manors, lands, tenements, annuities, profits, commodities, hereditaments, goods*, chattels, debts, duties, legacies or sums of money, within this realm of England, or any other his Majesty's dominions: (.?)

And that all and singular estates, terms, and other interests whatsoever hereafter to be made, suffered or done, to or for the use or behoof of any such person or persons, or upon any trust or confidence, mediately, or immediately, to* or for the benefit or relief of any such person or persons, shall be utterly void and of none effect, to all intents, constructions and purposes.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That xh^y who be if any person born within this realm or any the King's majesty's in seminaries dominions, be at this present in any college, seminary, house or shall return, place in any parts beyond the seas, to the end to be instructed or17 c*strengthned in the popish religion, which shall not make return into this realm, or some of his Majesty's dominions, within one year next coming after the end of this session of parliament, and submit himself as is aforesaid, shall be in respect Explained by of himself only, and not to or in respect of any of his heirs 3 Geo. 1.C. 1S. or posterity, utterly disabled and uncapable to inherit, have or

enjoy any manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods, chattels, debts, or other things aforesaid, within this realm or any other his Majesty's dominions. (2) Provided always, That A remedy for if any such person or child so passing, sent, fending, or now £ach ?s tlo/e-being, beyond the seas as aforesaid, to such intent as is before- reXiTand be* mentioned, shall after become conformable and obedient unto come con-the laws and ordinances of the church of England, and shall re- formable to pair to the church, and there remain and be as is aforesaid, and the laws#

continue

to.

No woman or child shall pass over the feaa without licence.

Jjac. i. c. 5. ^iiW. 3.C.

The forfeiture, of those who do suffer them topafi.

The forfeiture for being or keeping a school-master contrary to this act; Carthew 464. a Ventr. 41.

Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c. 5. \16a4

continue in such conformity, according to the true intent and meaning of the said statutes and ordinances; that in every such Case every such person and child, for and during such tipie as he or she shall so continue in such conformity and obedience, shall be freed and discharged of all and every such disability and incapacity as is before-mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority of this present parliament. That no woman, nor any child under the age of one and twenty years (except Jailors or ship-boys, or the apprentice or fatftor of some merchant in* trade of merchandize) shall be permitted to pass over the Teas (except the same shall be by licence of the King, his heirs or successors, or of (bme fix dr more of the King's privy council, thereunto first had under their hands) (2)* upon pain that the officers of the port that shall willingly or negligently suffer any such so to pass, or shall not enter the names of fuen passengers licenced, shall forfeit his office, and all his goods and chattels; (2) and upon pain that the owner of any ship or vessel that shall wittingly or willingly carry any such over the seas without licence as is aforesaid, shall forfeit his ship or Vessel and all the tackle: (4) And every matter' or mariner of or in any such ship of vessel offending as aforesaid, -: shall forfeit all their goods, and suffer imprisonmentby the space of twelve months, without bail or mainprize.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no perfoti after the feast of St. Michael the archangel next shall keep any school, or be a fdiool-master, out of any ther universities or colleges of this realm, except it be in some publick or free grammar school, or in some such nobleman's or' noblewoman's, or gentleman's or gentlewoman's house, as are not recusants, or where the same school-master shall be specially licenced thereunto by the archbishop, bishop or guardian of the spiritualties of that diocese; (2) upon pain that as well the school-master, as also the party that shall retain or maintain any such school-master contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a€ty shall forfeit each of them for everyday so wittingly offending, forty shillings. (3) The one half of all the'penalties and sums of money before-mentioned to be forfeited, to be to the King, his heirs and successors, the other to him or them that shall or will sue for the same, in any the courts of record in Westminster, by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in which no essoin, protection or wager of law shall he allowed.

CAP. V.

An act to prevent the over-charge of the people byfietoards of court-leets and court-barons.

The steward \\f H ERE A S the King's most excellent majesf^ the lords fpi-ofa court Hi all \\ ritual and temporal^ and other his Highness subjects of this Jit^of^>cnc" realm of England and Wales, have in divers places of the same lord's profits, many franchises^ jurisliftions, privileges and liberties to keep court-How the pro- leets or court-barons, for the true admin'/ration of yjp.ke\ and to the fits and per- punishitig and supprcjfvig of offences f the profits and perquisites of qaitttcs of wlid,

Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c. 6. 8t

&bieb courts hart* herettffirb bein fifed to he levied and alleged by courts-baron the bdt&ff or bther minister tf ftuh court, and by him accounted fir to his Htgbnefi progenitors. Or other hrds or ladies of fetch courts pkimahbrsj ahtt or Of right it ought fi to be: (2) But now by tea-fin of the great hcrtafe of people, the find profits and perqkifites of for the private courts art grown to be of a better yearly value tlxtn in ancient tinte h gain of stew-hath tebty divers'that art now stewtirAs of such courts have heretoforerd$of courts* tn their own irttmes, or in the names of same other to their ufey obtained and gotten drdtrs grttnts of all the profits and perquisites of fitch courts whereof they are fimords, whereby many of ms Majesty's subseSis are unjustty vexedy and by grievous fines and atnercidments Unduly puftijhedy greatly to the wronging and impoverishing of the tenants and inhabitants wherefichfieivdrdsarey proceeding out of a greedy desire to make and obtain an undue and extraordinary gains to them-fehrs: (3) It is therefore by the authority of this preterit parlia- A steward of a inent establrshed and enacted, That no Award, ' deputy-fteWard, or bther under-steward of any the courts aforesaid, shall direct- tjJc proJ£ of y Iy or indirectly, In hfe own name, or in the name of any others the iarae court. fTorrt and after the expiration of one year next after the end rif this section of this present parliament, take* receive, or thake benefit to his own tife, in money, goods, or any other thing, to the valtie of twelVe-pfence or riiore, by virtue or colour of kny demise Or grant hereafter to be made Of any the profits dr perquisites, or amerciaments of any such courts whereof they are steward, which rightfully shall belong to the lords of the same; (4) upon pain that every steward offending contrary to the tenor Of this present act of parliament, shall for every such his offence forfeit the sum of forty pounds, and to be disabled ever after to be steward of fuen court or of any other 5 ( c) the one half of the forfeiture to be to our sovereign lord the lung's majesty, his heiTs and successors; the other half to any of his MajdVys subjects that shall complain in any of his Highness courts or record, by action of debt, bill, plaint or information j in which ferit no effom, protection, wager of law, or other dilatory plea shall be afioWed.

CAP. VI.

An act Wait far the explanation, of the statute made in the fifth year of the l4tt Queeh Elizabeths reign, concerning l&bdurtrs.

WHEREAS by an act made in the parliament holders at Rating of the Westminst'er in the fifth year of the reign of the late Queen wages of am-Elizabeth of famous memory, intituled, An act touching divers c ac/ orders for artificers, labourers, servantfc of husbandry and ap- cording to The prentices, it was provided and enabled by the authority of the same statute of parliament, for the declaration and limitation what wages servants, 5E* c- 4-labourers and artificers, either by the year or day9 or otherwtfey should Jclorhier're°^ have and receive, That the justices of peace of every shire, riding or fufingtoobey liberty, within the^ limits of their several commissions, or the more the assessment. part of them, being then resident within the same, and the Jloeriff of that county, if he conveniently may, and every mayor bailiff tr Vox. VII, G'other

Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c.& [1664.

other head officer, within any city or tewn eorporate, wherein is aty justice of peace within the limits of the said city or town corporate* \ nnd of the said corporations shouldbefore the tenth day of Jwsnext

the said statate. coming^ and afterwards should yearly at everygeneral sessions farsi to be holien and kept after Easter, or at same time convenient within six weeks next following every of the said feafisof Easter, assemble them-fehes together; (2) and they so aJJemlied, calling unto them fuebdif-creet xand grave persons of the said county, or the find city or town corporate, as they shall think meet, and conferring together, respecting the plenty or fear city of the times and other circumstanus necessa-rily to be considered, should have authority by virtue thereof, within'thi Untits or precinflsof their several commission, to limit, rate and appoint the wages, as well of such and so many of the said artificers, handicraftsmen, husbandmeny or any other laboureryfervant or workmen,

tvhofe wages in time pafl hath been by any law or statute rated and Raring of wa- appointed; (3) and also the wages of all other labourers, artificers, work-ges by the men or apprentices of husbandry which have not been ratedy as they week ^or the same juJKces, mayors, or head officers within their several commonth? or by missions or liberties should think meet by their discretions to be rated» the great. limited or appointed, by the yeary or by the day, wteky month or otherwise, with meat and drinky or without meat and drink \ (4) and what wages every workman should take by the great for mowing, reaping or thrashing of corn and grain, and for mowing and making of hay, or for ditching, pailing, raising or hedging by the rod, pearch, lUgge, yards poky roPe> or f°°U and for any other kind of reasonable labours or service; (5) and shotdi yearly before the twelfth day of July next after the said assessment and rate so appointed and made, certify the same ingrossed in parchment with the considerations and taufes thereof \ under their hands and seals, into the feud Queen's most honourable court of chancery, to the end that proclamation should be made in the name of the Queens majesty, her heirs or fmseffors, for observing of the same rates, in such forty manner and farm as in the said act more at large is declared.

A question H. And whereas the said act hath not y according to the true mean-moved upon ing thereof been duly put in execution, whereby the robes of wages the statute of for poor artificers, labourers and other persons whose wages was meant 5 Eliz. c. 4, to rQtgfl tfo frave not frgen rateg proportioned ae-

the^usticef6* fading to the plenty,; fear city, neciffity, and respect of ihetkney which may rate. tvas politickly intended by the said act $ (a) by reafm that ambiguity and question have risen and been made, whether the rating of all manner artificers, work-men and work-women, his and their wages, other than such as by some statute and law have been rated, or else such as did work about husbandry, should or might be rated by the x- said law: Forasmuch as the said law hath been found beneficial for the commonwealth;

III. Be it enacted by authority of this present parliament, weavers ? in- ^ai<* authority by the same statute given

lTei^and ^m-to a; iy person or persons for assessing and rating of wages* and workmenswa- the authority to them in the said act committed, shall be etf-ges may be pounded and construed, and shall by force of this act give au-toftfe*y thC ^ority to all persons having any such authority, to rate wages ofu lees# - any

t&Kfh] Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c. 8j

*nyla booms, weivera, spinster*, and work-men or work-women wharibever, either Working by the day* week, month, year, or taking any- work at any person or persons hand whatsoever, to be done in great or otherwise.

IV. And whereas in divers shires within this realm, the justices of N

peace-hoot nft ufitaUjkept' tbtirgeneral place of thf

shire 'together, bat the generalftffions have Been kept in several places firfeverd divifons, by reason whereof the most part of the justices, of the peace coming not together, no rating of wages, could be well mode in the said flnre where such general sessions have been used; and

fir other ref

V. Be it enacted by authority of this present parliament, Ratei of wa-That the justices of peace, or the more part of them, reliant wl, ere in any shire, or in any riding, liberty or division, where such

sessions have been usually severally kept, shall at any general Of

feffibns of the peace to be holden for the same shire, division,

riding or liberty, or at such time of rating of wages as is li-

mi ted by the said act made in the fifth year of her Majesty's reign,

have as full authority and power to rate all manner of wages to

be rated within such shire, and within the limits of such divi-

(ion, in any such shire, riding or liberty, as if the same were

done in the general sessions for the said county, or by the mod

part of the justices meeting for the rating of wages by the said

act of the fifth year of the late Queen, for the wages men- 5 Eli*, c. 4.

tioned in the same alt,

Vi, And be it further enacted, That after the rates made for Proclamation* wages, and engrossed in parchment under the hands and seal.s shall be made of them, having authority to rate the same, it shall and may beb£the (*1CT, <* lawful to the sheriff of the said county, or to the mayor or°* ra cs 0 chief officer or officer^ of any city or town corporate, to cause proclamation to be made of the several rates so rated, in so many places within their authorities as to them shall seem convenient, and as if the same had been set down printed by the lord chancellor or keeper, after declaration thereof to his Majesty, and certificate of the same into the King's most honourable court of chancery: (2) And that every, person and persons shall, be bqund to observe the said rates in giving and receiving wages*' upon the pains and punishments mentioned in the said

aA. to* be'teeovered* orv j>uni(hment inflicted, as in the said act is mentionedv

VII. And furthermore* be it enacted by the authority afore- The forfeiture'said, Ttett-if any dotfaier or other (hah refute to obey the sayd of a clothier order, nrte'and^aflestine^t of wages as aforesaid, and shall notnot pay»ngthe pay so, -much br so great wages to their weavers, (pinfters, ^orkinenT workmen or workwomen, as shall be so set down, rated and appointed, according to the true meaning of this act \ that then every clothier and other person and persons so offending, shall forfeit and lose for every such offence to the party grieyed, ten.

shillings r»'(a) And that if the said offence and offences of not paying so much or so gfeat wages to their said workmen, workwomen and others, fluH be CQnfefled by the offender, or that


4 Anno secundo [vulgo primo] JACOBI. C. y, f.

[1604.

the same shall be proved by two diffident and iawfhl witness before the justhres of peace in their quirter-sessions of the peace, the justiqes of assise in their sessions, or before any two justices of the peace whereof one to be of the; that theh every inch pofon shall forthwith stand land be in law convicted thereof: (a) Which said forfeiture of ten shillings shall be levied by didrels and sale of the offender's goods, -by warrant from the find justices before whom any such conviction shall be had*; which sale shall be good in law against any such offender and offenders.

The rates of

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons incur any danger or penalty for not making certificate unto intone chan-h« King's most honourable court of the chancery, of any rates of eery, bat pro- wages appointed to be certified by the said act made in the said claimed in the fifth year of the said late Queen, so as the same be proclaimed C°g!£y, according to the true intent of this law; (2) but the said rates

z* s* ingrossed in parchment and sealed as aforesaid shall, if the fine

be in any shire, be kept by the rotulorvm of the (kid county, amongd the records in his custody for the said shire, and in any city or town corporate, amongst the records of the said city Thecontinu- or town corporate. (3) This act to continue until the end of ance of this the next parl iament.

A 'lothi be-'Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the authori-ing a justice of ty aforesaid, That no clothier being a justice of peace in any peace shall be precjnft or liberty, shall be any rater of any wages for any wea-no rater of ver, tucker, (pinner or other artizan that dependeth upon the making of clpth: (2) And in case there be not above the num-"cr*'ber of two justices of the peace within, such precinct or liberty,

but such as are clothiers that in such case, the same wages shall be rated and assessed by the major part of the common council of such precinct or liberty, and such justice or justices of peace (if any there be) as are not clothiers. 3 1. r.4.

til the end of the first session of the next parliament^ and farther continued by 16 Car. 1. r. 4,

CAP. VII.

An act for the continuance and explanation of the Astute made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign oFthe late Queen Elisabeth, intituled, An act for punishment of rogues, vagabonds and sturdy beggars. Continued h 3 Cor. 1. c. 4. and furth repeal-

id by is Anna, fiat. a. t.*j. /. sS.

CAP. VIII.

An act to take dwetythe benefit clefgy for same kind of

m

Clergy taken

TO the end that fobbing and killing nun on the done

from him that A and committed by many inhumane and wicked persons, in the th* hb' an° t*me°f ra&tj drtmkenntfshidden displeasure, or other pa/Jion of

noTa weapon mind, contrary to the commandment, of Almighty and toe com-drawn. mon peace end tranquillity of this return-, may from henceforth be re-

Godbolti5+. firained through fear of due punishment to be inflated such cruel and bloody malefactors, who heretofore have been thereunto emboldntd f^k/pl by presuming on the benefit of clergy.

Cr. r7. IL Bc

1€o4.] Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c. 9. 8$

IL' Be k therefore eoaded by foe King's most excellent majesty, the kmb (ptritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament assembled. That every, person and persons which after one month next cnfiling the end of this present session of parliament, shall (tab or thrust any person or persons that hath not then any weapon drawn, or that hath no$ then first stricken foe party which shall ib dab or forud, fb as foe perfoaor persons so dabbed or thrust shall thereof did within the space of six months then next following, although it cannot be proved that the same was done of malice forethought, yet foe (arty so offending, and being thereof convicted by ver-di& of twelve men, confession or otherwise according to the laws of this realm, (halt be excluded from the benefit of his or their clergy, and fuller death as in case of wilful murder.

III. Provided always, That this act or any thing therein con- jqqw , nA-tained, shall not extend to any person or persons which shall kill ther in de-any person or persons ft dejendendo, or by misfortune, or in femce of hira-smy other manner than as aforesaid j (2) nor shall extend to "?

person or pedona which in keeping and preserving foe peacepreferojig foe shall ohance to commit maoflaugbter, so as foe said mariflaugh- peace, or ter be not Committed wittingly, willingly and of purpose, yrj- giving cor-der pretext and colour of keeping foe peace; (3) nor shall extend to any person or persons which in chaftinng or corroding bit child or servant, shall besides Us or their intent and purpose chance to commit manflaugjbter. (4) This act to continue until the c&d of foe ford session of foe next parliament. ty3 Car. u c. 4. and 16. Car. 1. c. 4.

CAP. IX.

An act to refiraintbe inordinate haunting and tipling in y

alehouses, and other victualling-houses.

WHEREAS the ancient, true and principal uft of inns, ale- The one and boufit and vidJuaHipg^houses was for the relief and PF'.nciPalJfe

lodging of wayfaring people travelling from place to place, and for ^houses. fudi supplj of the wants of fitch people as are not able by greater

' titles to make their provision of victuals, and not meant for entertainment and harbouring of lewd and idle people to spend and con-fume their money and their time in lewd and drunken manner '

11. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Ma- The forfeiture jesty, the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this ofanalehouie-crefent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, nJjtthig'oneto That if after forty days next ensuing after the end of this pre- continue unsent session of parliament, any inn-keeper, victualler or ale- lawful drink-house-keeper, within this realm of England or the dominion of ingn hi' Wales, do permit or differ any person or persons inhabiting and ho, "^-1 c JO> dwelling in any city, town corporate, market-town, village or ] car. 1. c. 4/ hamlet, within this realm of England or dominion of Wales, Farther pnrvi-where any such inn, ale-houft or tipling-house is or shall be, to J* remain and continue drinking or tipling in the Paid inn, vidual- a*

Iing-house, tipling-honfe or ale-house $ (2) other than such as 1 '*

shall be invited by any traveller, and shall accompany him only

G 3 during

u

One mntness jujjkitnt.

i Jac. s. c. 7. i. 1. v

dve prices of ale and beer (pld in aif inn or alehouse.

'i6b % r " lxHJiV*

Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. C; $Jx

dicing his necessary abode there; (3) afrid otfitf foaW

and bandicraftsmen in cities and towns corpora^, dnin

towns, upon the usual working-days, "for cjmie?ho^»^ time tp t^ke their diet in an ale-hdufp; (4)l knd other

bpurers and workmen, which for the following of the day or by the great, in any .'city, town cotpbrtfttv town pi village, shall for the time of their feia^:

work there, fojourri, lodge or victual in any inn, afe-hc^R? other victualling-house: (5) Other than for urgent iiitf nfecelt* fary occasions to be allowed by two justices of peace .' Thatr then every such inn-keeper, victualler or alehouse-kcepV, shall fqr every such offence forfeit and lose the liun of ten shillings of current money of England\ to the use of the poor of the parish: where Xuch offence shall be committed; (6; the same offence bping viewed and seen by any mayor, bailiff or Justice of peace, within their several limits, or proved by the oath of'two Witnesses to be taken before any mayor, bailiff or any other headr officer, or any one or more justice or Justices of the peace, who: by virtue of this act shall be authorized to minister the said oath to any person or persons that can or will justify the same, being within the limits of their said commission.

III. And be it funher enacted by the authority aforesaid, Th^it if any inn-keeper, alehouse-keeper or vidtuanef, shall at any time utter or fell less than one full ale-quart of the best beer or ale for a penny, and of the small two quarts for one penny, that* then every such inn-keeper, alehouse-keeper or victualler, shall forfeit for every such offence, being duly proved'in manner above limited, the sum of twenty shillings of lawful money of England to the use abovesaid: (a; All and every the said penalties to be levied by the constables or church-wardens of the parish or parishes where the offence or offences shall be committed, by way of distress to be taken and detained for the said forfeitures, and for default of satisfaction within six days next ensuing, jthe same then to be presently* apprised aridsolo, and the surplusage or remainder over and above to be delivered

The penalty of the constables or churchwardens omitting their duty.

to the party of whom the distress was taken; (3) and for want of sufficient distress the party or parties offenaing to be by the mayor, bailiff, or other head officer, or justice or justices aforesaid, committed to the common gaol, there to remain until the said penalty or penalttes be truly paid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the constables or churchwardens do neglect their duty in levying. Or do not levy the said several penalties/or in default of distress or distresses, from time to time do neg3ect to certify the same default of distress by the space of twenty days then next ensuing, to the mayor, bailiff, other head officer or justice of peace within whose jurisdiction the offence is committed, then every person and persons so offending foaH forfeit for every such default the sum ot forty shillings of current money of England, to the use of the poor of the parish where such offence shall be committed; (2) to be levied by way of distress .*of

1604.] Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c. 9. % 7

of the offender's goods, by warrant from any one dr more juf* tke or justices of the peace* piaydr, bailiff, or other, head officer, within the limits of their jurisdictions respectively, under his or their hand and Zeal, to be taken and detained for the said forfeitures, for the space of six days then next ensuing:

Within which time if payment be not made, the same goods to be prefendy apprised and fold, and the surplusage and remainder over and above (if any be) to be delivered to the party of whom the distrds was taken; (3) and for want of such fumci-ent distress the constables, church-warden or church-wardens so offending, to be by the mayor, bailiff, or other head officer,

justice or justices of peace, committed to the common gaol, eonftaUe there to remain until the said penalty or penalties be truly paid; wwdeR's*c-

(4) for all which penalties which R> shall be levied by the said couqt; constables or church-wardens, they the said constables and church-wardens shall be accountable to their successors and other the parishioners, in such fort as they usually be in other church-reckonings or accounts: (5) And for all forfeitures to be levied by reason of any neglect of the constables or churchwardens, those shall be accountable who by force of any warrant or precept do levy the same, or upon the enlargement of persons committed do receive the Came.

V. And be it further enacted, That all other laws and fta- s &*Ed! 6* tutes touching inn-keepers, victuallers and alehouse-keepers, c. 25.

shall (till remain in their former force, and be put in due execu- The continu- tion. (2) This act to continue to the end of the first session of ance of this the next parliament. statute.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority of offences com-this present parliament. That the correction and punishment of mitted wiribia such as shall offend against this act or any part thereof, within.hc universi-either of the two universities of this realm or theprecinds or li- €l# berties of the same, shall be done upon the offenders, and

justice shall be ministred in this behalf, according to the intent and tme meaning of this law, by the governors, magistrates, justices of the peace or other principal officers of either of the same universities, to whom in other cases the administration of justice, and correction and punishment of offenders by the laws of this realm and their several charters doth belong or appertain, and that no other within their liberties, for any matter concerning this law, contrary to their several charters, do intermeddle; (2) apd that all penalties and sums of money to be forfeited or loft by force of this act, within either of the } universities or the liberties or precincts of the same shall be levied by the officers or ministers of either of the said universities, to be from time to time in that behalf appointed by the vice-chancellors thereof for the time being respectively; (3) and that all powers and authorities either of imprisonment or otherwise before given or appointed by this suft, shall by the governors, magistrates and principal officers abovesaid of either of the said universities, be duly executed and done within either of the said universities and the liberties and precincts of the

G 4 fam$.

to Ann* fissmob [ wdgaprip#c^ Jaoqj*., q, [fi^o

fttne, acoordine w th& mao intent a^owenfog^tid*

Madeperpetual by d\ Jac. t. 7./ i-.

Cap. X.

An act for the better execution of justice.

Nothing (halt TT'Forasmuch <w <* exactions, corruptions ^trerOdimfy

tte«Mftof* prohibited in ail well governed, cemnumvoedthe, (ajlflit

causereferred That no person to whom any order or-eaufettwllb§.

by any court. tommirted or referred by any of the Kind's, mdges/o* courts.

at Westminster, or any other court, shall dtrocHy or-MrifircfiJy^ or by any act, fbist, oolpur or device, have, w&e. or teceiv.

afly mqoey, fee, reward, covenant, obligation, promise, agteo-meat or any other thing, for his report or certificate by writing.

Or. otherwise.; (3.) upon pain, of the forfeiture of ope. hundred pounds for every such report or certificate, and to be derived of his office and place in the same court; (4) tfaeone ipousyof the Aid forfeitures to be to our sovereign lord the King, his heks, and to welfare, the other moiety to the party gneveowbich wiH foe for the same, at any time during the said writ, or within one year after the same cause discontinued or decreed; and in his, default of such suit, to-him or them that will fuc for the same, by original writ, bill, plaint or information, in his Majesty's r high court of star-charober, or in any his Majesty's courts of record at Jffrfiptittjltr, in which suit, by writ, bill, plaint or information, no wager of law, essoin, privilege, supersedeasj, pcotedlion, or any other delay, shall be suffered. or admitted.

The elotk'*.II. Provided nevertheless, That it shal) be lawful for the f«e* for writ- clerk to take for his pains for writing of every, such report or, cer-5ng a report. ££, jate twelve pence for the first side, and two pence for every side after, and no more, upon pain to forfeit ten drillings for, every peny taken over and above the said fuin, to be had arid, recovered as aforesaid.

CAP. XL

An act to refirain all per fans from marriage until their farmer wives and former husbands be dead.

Felony to mar- t/Orasmuch as divers evil persons being married, runout* o.ftC<?n<*of wt ctuntX i*10another, or into places where they are. not

wte thefbr- inown, and there become to be married, having another husband or iner'being " wife, living, to the great dishon of God, and utter of di-

living. vers konfft nte.ni children, and others', (2) Be it therefore enacted

1 Ed. 6. c. i». by the King's majesty, with the consent of the fords spiritual f lnft 8* sndr.temjwral, and of the commons, in this prefiant parliament C, 0. Eli*, h- sfleoibied, That if any person or persons within his Majesty's March 101. dominions, of England and being married, or which Kelyng79, 8o. hereafter shall marry, do at any time after the end of the session - of this present parliament, marry any person or persons* the

former husband or wife being alive; that then every such offence shall be felopy, and the person and persons so offending shall Aiffpr. death as in Cases of felony (3) and the party and parties so gffendfog foeU receive such and the like proceeding,

1604.] Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. C. 12, 13. 89

trial and execution in such country where such person or persons shall be apprehended, as if the offence had been committed in such country where such person or persons shall be taken or apprehended.

[The husband or wife being absent seven years from the

II. Provided always, That this act, nor any thing therein contained, shall extend to any person or persons whose husband or wife shall be continually remaining beyond the seas by the aweatseven fjpgco of seven years together, oc whose husband or wife shall absent him or herself the one from the other by the space of seven Years together, in any parts within his Majesty's dominions, theope of them not knowing the other to be living- within that time.

[To what persons this statute shall not

III. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act nor any thing herein contained, shall ex- fonM*'", toid to any person or persons that are or shall be at the time of such marriage divorced by any sentence had or hereafter to be had in the ecclesiastical covet; (2) or to any person or persons Wibeie die former marriage hath been or hereafter shall be by sentence in the ecclesiastical court declared to be void and of no effect; nor to any person or persons for or by reason of any former marriage bad or made, or hereafter to he had or made, within ago of confeoa* No corruption

IV. Provided also, That no attainder for this offence made of blood, lots felony by this act, shall make or wojrk any corruption of blood,

Joft d* dower, or difinherifon of heir or heirs.

CAP. XII.

REP. 9 Geo.

An act against conjuration, stitchcraft and deaBjag with evil and wicked ». c. 5.

(pints. The penalty for practising of iqvoparioq or conjuration 1 5 Eliz. c. 16.

Conjuration or invocation, ' whereby any person is killed or lamed. Cmrptu Declaring by stitchcraft, where any thing is hidden, procuring unlaw- Cknltt, <voi. £ul lave, &c. The fecoadotienca Wony. No forfeiture of dower or Cod-9.Tit.1S. inheritance. Trial of a. peer of the realm. 3 Inst. +5, 118.

---

CAP. XIII.

An act for new executions to be sued against any which shall hereafter be delivered out of execution by privilege of parliament, and for discharge of them out of whose custody such persons shall be delivered.

[An execution against him who is discharged by privilege of parliament.]

Forasmuch as heretofore doubt hath been made, if any person being arrested in execution, and by privilege of either of the houses of parliament set at liberty, whether the party at whose suit such execution was pursued, be for ever after barred and disabled to sue forth a new writ of execution in that case:

II. For the avoiding of all further doubt and trouble which in like cases may hereafter ensue, Be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by the lords spiritual and temporal* and by the commons, in this present parliament assembled, That from henceforth the party at or by whose suite such writ of execution was pursued, his executors or administrators, after such time as the privilege of that session of parliament in which such privilege shall be so granted shall cease, may sue forth and execute a new writ or writs of execution, in such manner and

90 Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. C. 14, 15. [1604.

form as by the law of this realm he or they might have done, if no such former execution had been taken forth or served:

[He shall never be charged, out of whose custody such prisoner shall be delivered.]

(2) and that from henceforth no sheriff, bailiff, or other officer, from whose arrest or custody any such person so arrested in execution shall be delivered by any such privilege, shall be charged or chargeable with or by any action whatsoever, for delivering out of execution any such privileged person, so as is aforesaid by such privilege of parliament let at liberty; any law, custom or privilege heretofore to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Censure inflicted upon any that shall arrest a parliament-man.]

III. Provided always, That this act, or any thing therein contained, shall not attend to the diminishing of any punishment to be hereafter by censure in parliament inflicted upon any person which hereafter shall make or procure to be made any such arrest as is aforesaid.

CAP. XIV.

A remedy for a freeman of London to recover a debt not exceeding forty shillings owing to him by another inhabiting within the said city or the liberties: a penalty if the debtor do not appear before the commissioners upon warning; or if the creditor or debtor do not perform their order; or if the creditor, being a freeman of London, do sue any other freeman out of the same city for a debt under forty shillings.

[Repealed by 3 Jac. 1. c. 15.]

CAP. XV.

An act for the better relief of the creditors against such as shall become bankrupts.

---

[An exposition

FOR that frauds and as new daily a-

and addition X1 mtngfi fiub as livt by buying and /tiling, to tht hindrance of t tote traffick and mutual for, mette, and to the general hurt of the realm, roa^ by futbas witiedly and wilfitlfy become bankrupts: (2) imdfor that H.t.c. 4. M the description of a bankrupt in former statutes is not so fully exprtf-13 Elis. c. 7. fed, nor the power given thereby to the eonrnujfionert for bankrupts ft. large, as is meet in futb tafes of deceit, to prevent the actions of bankrupts:

Whoftall be D. For remedy whereof, be it therefore enacted by our so-adjudged a vereign lord the King, and.by the lords spiritual and temporal,; bankrupt. and commons, at this present parliament assembled, and by / , 34' t*lc authority of the same, That all and every such person and

peStdh» person* using or that shall use the trade of merchandise, by Annas, c. ij. way of bargaining, exchange, bartry, chevisance, or otherwise i-. in gross, or by retail, or seeking his, her, or their trade of living by buying and selling, end being a subject-born of this realm or any the King's dominions, or denizen, who at any time fithence the first day of this present parliament, or at any time hereafter, shall depart the realm, (2) or begin to keep his or her house or houses or otherwise to absent him or her self, or take sanctuary, (3) or suffer him or herself willingly to be arrested for any debt, or other thing not grown or due for money delivered, wares fold, or any other just or lawful cause, or good consideration or purposes

1604J} Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c. 15. gi

(4) ot hath or wist fuffet him or Jicr self*to oat-

lav&d; 1 or yield hilri or hCffelf to prison, (5)'or willingly or* fratWoIeritly hath or shall procure him dr her ftlf to be arrested, vor his or herfrdodi, money or chattels to be attached* or'Tequettredi ^fe) or depart from his or her dwelling-house, "

(7) or htdfee br cause to be'made any fraudulent grant, or'conveyance of his, her or their lands, tenements, goodr or chattels; (8) to the intent, or whereby hk, her of their 'creditors^ bbing subjects born as aforesaid, shall or may be defeated or delayed for the recovery of their just and true'debts*

(9) or being arrested for debt, shall after his or her arrest lie in prison six months or more upon that arrest, or lipon any other arrest or detention in prison for debt, and fie' m prison six months upon such arrest of detention, (10)'

shall be accounted and adjudged a bankrupt to all intents and purposes.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority of this The like com* pfefent parliament. That the like commissions, orders, be- ndfltons, of* nefits and remedies which are and be provided and limited by a^re^edies the find former act of parliament (.made in 13 rtuper Eliz.* be provid-Regina) against any bankrupt therein.described, or for or ed for bank-concerning-his, her or their lands, tenements, hereditaments, pts fees, annuities, offices, goods, chattels, wares, 'merchandizes -

and debts, or any of them, shall be had, pursued, taken and Bulftr. % V. expounded against such person and persons that are herein ex-

E* retted to be bankrupts, his, her and their lands, tenements, ereditaments, fees, annuities, offices, goods, chattels, wares, merchandizes and debts, in such like manner and form a* the same ought or might have been, if the persons herein described to be bankrupts, had been described to be bankrupts according to the intent of the said former statute.

IV. And that it shall be lawful for any of the creditors of the New creditors

said bankrupt within four months after any such commission partakers with

shall be sued forth, and until distribution shall be made by the said of for the payment of the bankrupt's \77\1

debt, as in such case hath been uled, to partake and join

with the other creditors that shall sue forth any such com-

million, for satisfaction and payment of his, her or their debts, to him or them owing, without any hindrance, let

or cHfturbance of any of the same coirnnissioners, or of any

of the other creditors of any such bankrupts, the same

creditors To coining in, to contribute tb the charges of the said commission; (2) and that if the creditors come not in

within four months, then the of to have power to

distribute.

V. Be it further enacted, That if any person which here- A bankrupt

aftet is or shall be a bankrupt by intent of this statute, shall conveying his*r^c lands or goods

convey, or procure or cause to be conveyed, to any of his to ot^er£ ol. children or other person or persons, any manors, lands, te- transferring nements, hereditaments, offices, fees, annuities leases, goods, his debts into

chat-

9*

other mens names. Stiles. 288.

3 Wras, 238, 299'.

In what case he that doth withdraw himself shall be proclaimed a bankrupt.

A bankrupt

apprehended, which upon warning re-fufeth to appear.

Anno secundo fvulgo prime} Jacobs c.i& [1604.

chattels, or transfer his debts into other mens names; (4) except the same shall be purchased, conveyed or transferred for or upon marriage of any of his. or her ceildreot, both the par* ties married being of the years of content, or some valuable, consideratfon, (3) shall be in the power and authority of the of on this behalf to be appointed, or the more part of them, to bargain, fell, grant, convey^ demiie, or otherwise to dispose thereof, in as ample manner-as if the said bankrupt had been actually seized or possessed thereof, or the debts were in his own name, of the like estate or interest to hie or their own use, at such time as he or she became bankrupt: (4). and that every such grant, bargain, file, conveyance and dHposition of the said. of, or of the greater part of them, shall be good and available to all intents, constructions and purposes in the law, against the offender or offenders^ his heirs, executors, administrators and assigns, and facb children and persons as shall be subject to this statuee, and against alf other person and persons claiming by, from or under such offender or offenders, or such said other persons, to whom such conveyance shall be made by the said bankrupt, or by his means, or procurement.

YL And far that the pratfall of bankrupts, of'late art fa ferret, and fa subtil) as that they can very bar dip be found out or brought4 fybt-y la) and far that the former fiatutey giving pouter to the cmmffaoners to examine, others than the bankrupts, hath not fully ok fuffidently authorized them to examine the said bankrupt upon oath: (r) for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority of this present parliament, That the said commissionew may call before them, or the greater part of them, the said bankrupt; (4). and if upon lawful warning left or made in writing at throe several times at the dwelling-place or house where the said bankrupt, his wife or family, for the most part of his abode, did lodge or remain within one'year next before he, she or they became bankrupt, the said bankrupt shall not appear before foe said of, or the greater part of them; that then and from thenceforth it shall be lawful for the greater number of the said of to appoint to proclaim the said party a bankrupt, at such publick place or places where the said of or the greater part of them shall think meet, warning him, her or them, to appear before them..upon the said commission at some time appointed; (5) and that if upon five several proclamations made in some publick place, the party, offending appear not before the said of, and yield his, her or their bodies to them or some of them, foe laid of, or the greater part of them, shall or may award a warrant to such nt person or persons as they foink meet, to apprehend the body and bodies of the said offender and offenders, and to bring him, her or them so offending, before the said of, wheresoever the said party or parties offending may be found? ip place privileged or

1604.D Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c. 15;

not, to be examined by the said of or the greater partof them.

VII. And that it {hat) be lawful for the said commissio- The examiners, or the greater part of them, to examine the said offen-

dtr or offenders, Upon such interrogatories touching the Danknq>t' lands, tenements, goods, chattels, debts, bids, bonds, books of accptfctt, and such other things, as may tend to difcbffe his, her or their estate, or their secret grants, conreyan-ccs, and doming of his, her or their lands, tenements', goods, money, and debts, as they shall think meet.

VIII. And that if therein the offender or offenders shall a bankrupt refuse to be examined or to answer folly to every interne- refusing to gatory to him to be ministred by the said of, an^wer-

or the greater part of them, it mail be tawful for the said commifnoners, or the greater part of them, to commit the said offender or offenders to some (trait or close imprison-tnetit, there to remain until he, she or they shall better conform him or-herself.

IX. And that if upon his, her or their examination, rt The puni&-fhafll appear that he, she or they have committed any wil-ot a Ful or corrupt perjury, tending to the hurt or damage of commhtLe the creditors of the said bankrupt, to the value or ten perjiary. 8 pounds of lawful money of England, or above, the party so v offending shall or may thereof be indished in any of the Kittg's tnajfcfly's courts of record, and being lawfully convicted thereof shall stand upon the pillory in some publick place by the

space of two hours, and have one of his ears nailed to the pillory and cut off.

X. And whereas by the firmer statutemade in the said -thirteenth M El. t. 7. year tf the reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, the arnmissioners

bankrupts have power given to them to fend fir person or persons as the creditors fall biota, suppose or Jufpefl to, detain or keep any part of the money, good', chattels or debts of the said offender or offenders, or to be indebted to the said offender or offenders, to be examined by the said torbrnffioners, as by the famestatute appeared, hut have not good means or remedy by imprtfonment or other penalty, to procure the person so font for by them to appear before

them, ner having appeared before them, to make upon Ms

oath to Jutb interrogatories as fall be mmiftred unto him by the fad

commijjmtrs, fir and upon the specialty, certainty, true and knowledge of such lands, tenements, goods, debts

or other things, of any such offender or offenders, as be or fall be, or which fall he Jufpected to be, in his custod, or possessan, or in the custody, use or possejjton of any other to his knowledge, and of ail

debts doing to or for the benefit of fitch offender or offenders, by himself or by any other to his knowledge', (2} as many times a great part of the offender or offenders lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods, chattels or debts, which by the tine intent of the said fiatutefiould be employed to the satisfaction of of the of-

fender or offenders, are concealed or detained in the son and persons as refuse to come, or being come refuse to be sworn,

before

94

Examination of such as have bankrupts goods, or be indebted unto them

The punishment of such as will not appear, or not iwear to answer to interrogatories.

Mod. 309*

Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c.i$.

[1G&4I

before the said of, to be examined?* that htbdfyto the great encouragement of all bankrupts and their ioicked confederates and auejforiesi 'and'to the great hindrance of the just 'remedies of the creditors of the said bankrupts, for their true and just debts to them owing: (3) for remedy whereof, be it farther enabled bli the authority aforesaid, That if any person' or perfbm being known, supposed or suspected to have or detain any part of the lands, tenements of hereditaments, goods, 'chattels of.debts of thie said bankrupt, or to be'indebted to or for the benefit of the said bankrupt, shall after lawful warning to the said person or persons given, to come before the said coirtmiA sioners or the greater part of them, to be examined'according to the intent of the said statute, refuse to come, or shall not come before the said of at the time appointed, having no lawful impediment (such. as shall be admitted and allowed of by the said of or the more part of them, and which shall be then signifidd or made known to the said of*at the time of their assembly; } (4) or that any such person- or persons, having knowledge or warning ' of any other assembly or meeting of the said of a-'-gain, shall not come and appear before them at such time as he or (lie lawfully may come, having no.such lawful impediment as shall be then made known to the said of, and by them admitted and allowed of, as' aforesaid j (5) or 'being come before them shall refuse to be sworn, and to make answer to such interrogatories as shall be ministred unto him or them, according to the true intent and meaning of the said statute made in the said thirteenth year Of the reign of our said late sovereign lady Queen Elizabeth, of of this present act; (6) that then it shall be lawful for the said of, or for the greater part of them, to commit to such ward and prison, as to them or to the greater part of them shall be..thought meet, all such person and persons as shall so refuse to be sworn, and make answer to such interrogatories as shall be To ministred as aforesaid, (7) and also to direct their warrants to such person or persons as to them or the greater part of them shall be thought meet, to apprehend and arrest such person or persons as shall refuse to come and appear before them, as aforesaid, and to bring him, her or them before the" said cfommissioners, or the greater part of them, to be examined as abovesaid, (8) and upon his, her or their refusal to come, or to be examined before the said of, as aforesaid, to commit the said party so refusing, to such prison as the said of, or the greater part of them, shall think meet, there to remain without bail or mainprize, unttf fufch time as the said person so refusing to come, or to be1 sworn to answer before the said of, shall submit' him or her self to the said of, and be by them examined, according to the true intent of the said statute and of this present act.

1604.] Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. 95

XL PmHtd always. That such witnesses as shall fq be feat. Witnesses al-for, shall -have such costs and charged as the ?ommi(fiobers in their their difcrption shall think fit; the same charges to be rateably COIts' born by the creditors of the said bankrupt, according to the proportion of each of their sevend debts: (a) and if ariy per* The penalty son or persons, other than the bankrupt, either by suborna- of others be* tion, unlawful procurement, sinister perfiiafion, or means the b&nh-of any others, or by his own act, consent or agreement, shall wilfully and corruptly commit any manner of wilful perjury by his deposition to bcs taken before the said of, or the greater part of them, as aforesaid; that then the party or parties so offending, and all and every person and persons that shall unlawfully and corruptly procure any such unlawful, wilful and corrupt perjury, shall or may therefore be indicted. in any of the King's majesty's courts of record, (3) and after his or their conviction thereof, shall incur such forfeiture, and receive and futfer such pains and punishment, as are li-mked by the statute made concerning perjury in the fifth year of the reign of our.late sovereign lady*Queen 5 Blw. c. 9-Elizabeth*

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every futn Who nm

and sums of money which shall be forfeited by* force of this cover the fori present act, shall be sued for and recovered by the said credi1 feitures, and tors only, or any of them that will sue for the lame, by action ho* they shall of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of the King's ma- impoy them* jetty's courts of record; and the sum or sums of money so recovered, the charges of suit being deducted, shall be distributed and divided towards the payment of the said creditbrs of the bankrupt.

XIII. And for that the power and authority given to the cmmif- The authority /toners of bankrupts touching the debts due to the said bankrupts, is of commissio-not so full and perfect, as that the full benefit thereof in due course 5c[lst5ucl, t, ng might be employed to the use of the said creditors, as was intended; bankrupt. °*(2) for remedy thereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the of of bankrupts, or the greater part of them, shall have power to grant and assign, or other* wife to order or dispose all or any of the debts due or to be due to or for the benefit of the said bankrupt, by what person 1 Salk. to*, or persons soever, or in what manner and form soever, to the use of the creditors of the said bankrupt, ' according to the true intent of the said former recited statute of bankrupts; (3) and that the same grant, alignment or disposition of the fain debts, in form aforesaid to be made by the said commissioners, or the greater part of them, shall so veil the property, right and in-'1

tereftof the said debt and debts, in the person or persons of him, her or them, to whom it shall be granted, assigned or ordered by the said commissioners or the greater part of them, as fully to all intents and purposes as if the said bill, bond, bonds, statutes, recognizances, judgment or contract, whereupon the said debt or debts, deed or deeds shall arise or grow, had been made to or with, or for the said person or persons to

whom

6 Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. i.ij. f-i-C&f,

Whtim the same Audi Be so gKHfeA; affigtto) (ft tyfoer

said c^riifnifliott'ers; (4) and that aftfer ?u6h gtiant^ IMBghmfrht dr Wpdlition made' of the find dfebtS, that nehhtf tlfe bankrupt, ntfr any dttidr to Whom any Tu£h debt Ihallbfc dufc, ffnfll have power to recover the same, nor td make any Me^ft dr Theremcdy discharge thereof; (5) neither shall the fartie be 4ttaeh& wrtorSo^tt- d^b* of the bankrupt, dr such said other person or petfonS to ? bankrupt's Whom the same shall be due, by any other person or perfdhs, debt assigned according to the custotti of the city of London 'or otftbrwist, (*6) to him by the but that the party or parties to whom the same dpt*' shall be commissio- so assigned, shall have like remedy to recover the same, is fully and lawfully, in the name or names of the person or periods to whom the same shall be so gracted, assigned dr ordered By the said commissioners, in all respecti atad piiiposes a§ thd party himself might have had; any law, statutfc, use Of custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstari'ding.

XIV. Provided always, That no debtor of the bankrupt be hereby endangered for the payment of his or Tier debt truly and bona fide to any such bankrupt, before such time as he shall underftana or know that he is bfccdrite a

bankrupt.

CommifTio-

XV. Provided also, and be, it ftirther enabled, Thatft (lich new (bail de- of the said commissioners as shall put the Takl coihrhiffibn ih b^kruDt^how execution> shall upon lawful request so them fttadfc By the said they have be- bankrupt, not only make a true declaration to the Wd bartk-stowed his rupts, of the employing and bellowing of his, hef 6Y ttttlt lands and said lands, tenements and hereditaments, offices, goods, goods. wares, money, chattels and debts which shall be paid add satisfied to their said creditors, as is in like case limited or appointed by the said Former statute made in the said thirteenth year of the said late Queers rhjyefty's feign, but also make payment of the overplus of the if any such shall oe, to the said bankrupts, their executors, administrators and afsighs; (2) and that the said bankrupts, after the full satisFa&ion of the said creditors, friall have full power and authority to recover and receive the residue and remainder of the debts to them owing; any thing in this act contained to the contrary in any wise hptwith- standing.

XVI, j$e it further enacted, lliat if any action of trespass or other Tuit shall happen hereafter to be brought against arfy 13 feliz. c. 7.. commissioner authorized by the statute made in decimo lertio of our late Tovereign lady Queen Elizabeth, for bankrupts', or any other person or persons having authority by virtue or under the commilSon authorizing the said commissioner for the doing or executing of any matter by force of the said statute, or this prefabt statute, that the defendant or defeh-Tbecomroif- dants in any such action or suit, may plead not guflfy, (2) sioners plea in or otherwUe justify, that the act or thing whereof the

plain-

1fe*.] Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi.

fidwr qSthft said #$ \wd without enforcing him or them to shew forth , their copwwflfoo authorising we find or fbiflgi U) whepeontp the plaintiff flwll he Admitted to reply, that d>e defendant didtl^e laid fa<ft supposed in the declaration, of hi? own wrong, without any such oaule ad-.iedged Jby the Add defender; whereupon the iffrie in such adbpn foil he joined to he tried by vcrdiift of twelve mea>

c), and upon the trial of that j$e, the whole mattes to he sprat- oo hpth parties m evidence, according to the very.tnith' of the same; (6) and if yerdifit upon loch idue Wall pais Apr the defendant^ the defendant to havp his posts- t

XVII. Provided-always, and be it further enacted, That The commif-^ftejr ady WtH'niffioh <of haokrupts hereafter Wed forth, and fionersjh*11 dealt ia by the oooomuffmners, the offender, happen to dte execution0 before the commisscopers shall distribute the goods, lands and though the debts of the offenders or any of them, by force of the afore- bankrupt die. said- statute of the thirteenth, year of the reign of our late so-pcpelgO lady. Queen JEli&bethf and -this statute or either of CaT Temp. them, th><i thqn oevertHelefs the -said commissioners Hvdl hod may in that-case proceed in execution, in and upon the f^d.pommiftien Apr amf concerning the offenders goods, lands, tenement^, betoditaments and debts, in such fort as they might have done -if the pafiy offender were living. 21 Jac. jr9.

CAP XVI.

An aff concerning wherrmen and watermen.

FORASMUCH at it hath often that divers and Whit apprtn-

sundry people passing by water ilpOn river of Thames be- tice or servant tween Wind for and Gravesend, have been put tn great hazard*wherriman and danger of the loss of their lives and g and many times have Swage.*

perished and beeri drowned in thi said fiver; through the uhjkilfulmfs 6 H. c. 7. and want of knowledge or experience in the wherrimen or watermen;& ? Ph.&M. that did transport or carry them and their said goods from place to c- plate upon too said river, in wherries', and barges: f 2) and for that hithertp there hpth' not been any sufficient provison had and made for remedy herein-, be iT now enacted and established by the King's most excellent Majesty, the lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament assembled, and >y the authority of the same, That from henceforth no wherliman or waterman that now Is, or that hereafter shall be, and shall row upon the said river of Thames and shall transport or carry any pafleogers or goods in any wherries, tiltboats or barges, (other than western barges, mflboats, and all other venels ordinarily serving for other uses than the carrying of j^ailengersj shall retain or take any servant or apprentice to

98 Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c.ifir,

serve him as a waterman upon the find river, Udbfs the fidd wherriman or waterman that so lhiB retain, take or have any Aich servant, shall have been an apprentice to a wherri-man or waterman by the space of me years before such What water- retaining: (3) and further, that no wherriman or waterman men only may that now is, or that hereafter shall be, upon the faM river JSaSTrf Thames, shall retain, have, keep or take any person cef, and whator persons to serve him to row upon the said river, ' as fort of persona his apprentice, unless the said person so to be retained or to they may re- become an apprentice, (halt then be of the age of eighteen 'rttiJkd y* at the lean, and shall be retained and bound to his tnafAnns, c, ij.tcr to serve upon the said river, for and during the term of f. i. seven years at the least; (4) upon pain that every person or persons doing the contrary shall from time to time, for every such offence, forfeit the (urn of ten pounds of lawful English money; the one half whereof shall be unto.our said sovereign lord the King, ' his heirs and successors, and the other half unto any person or persons that will sue for the lame m any of the courts of record of our said sovereign lord the King, his heirs or successors, by action of debt, suit, bill, plaint or information, in which no wager of law; essoin, protection, or other delay shall be admitted or allowed.

Wherrimens

II. Provided always, That this act, nor any thing therein font excepted, contained, shall extend to the (bn or fens which now are, or hereafter shall be, of any wherriman or waterman abovesaid (being of the age of uxteen years at the least; and of convenient growth and strength) that formerly hath Been; or that hereafter shall be trained and brought up m lowing, or have or hath accustomed to row upon the said river, and there have used or shall u&. to transport or carry passengers from place to place; (2) but that all and every such son or sons shall and may from time to time from henceforth be admitted and allowed to serve, and may serve upon the said riyer, and there transport or carry passengers from place to place 'as an apprentice, as heretofore they have done; any thing in this act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

The water-

III. And be it further enacted and established by the au-mens orders thority aforesaid, That the eight overseers or rulers of the so-shall be read c; e^y or company of wherrimen or watermen that now are, year?mt C an<* that ^rom time to titne hereafter shall be, from henceforth twice in every year, that is to say, upon the first day of September, and upon the first day of March, shall openly read and publish, or cause openly to be read and published, in the hall or place of their common assembly, where they usually either have or hereafter shall appoint to assemble and meet together, all and every the constitutions and orders-already made by them, or, that at any time hereafter shall be made by the overseers and rulers, for the good or better ordering or government of the said wherrimen or watermen; (2) upon pain that every of them shall from time to time for every

i6©4; } Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c. i 7.99

iiisb offence forfeit »o o«r feid fpvefeign lord, the King, hist h, ejrs,

and succeslinrs, the-fu» of fix pound thirteen shillings and four pepce of lawfql £1tgli/bmoney.; the one half whereof

shall y to eunfovepeiga lord the King, his heirs and fuc-ceifara, and foe other half thereof unto any person or per-fops that will fun for the same in any of the King's majesty's courts of record, by action of debt, suit, bill, ' ptaij^a or m, -. formation, wherein no. wager of law, essoin, or other delay '

shall he admitted or allowed, a & 3 Pb. £? 16. % t

(f s % tV.3. f.zi.^a 19. a a, t. 26. 10 Get. 2.

a 31.

CAP. ivit jin am far the better execution of former laws Southing the making of bats and felts, and for the more restraint of unskilful and deceivable workmanship therein % used to the wrong of all forts of the people of this 1

realm.

T JLfbkctt&in tie parliament byprorogation holden at XVeltmihfter N<*i? fltiall; the lafi day of September in the eighth year of the reign of oi

the late Queen Elizabeth, Queen of England, there was made beeiTapl _ onestatute, intituled, An act for the true making of hats, and prentice, cap.; by one branch whereof it was enacted % that no person or persons, by him or herself, or any other, should, after the fcajl of the nativity of St. John fiaptift then next coming, make or work any felt or A rehearsal of.hat, of or with any foreign wool or fluff, unless such person should ?atulc of first have been apprentice or covenant servant to such mystery of hat1 Ehz* c'1X. and felt making, by the Ipace of seven years at the leajt\ (z) upon pain to forfeit all fitch hats or felts as he should make or cause to be'made> while he worketh contrary, to theform of the/aid aft, and five, pounds in money for oyery month that he should so continue, as by the jaifiyQfl (amngfi divers other things therein contained) more plainly .*.

may qpp$arf; (f)fcr.afiwcb as by the said act, no part of the forfeitures or penalisesfar such as fit up and do exercisi the said art ofhat.and felt making> and have not been apprentice or covenant fetyatit thereunto by the /pace of[even years, (4) nor no penalty nor forfeiture at all for taking of apprentices or covenant firvants contrary to the.tenor of the find aft, is given or appointed to any common person that would sue for the fame>*(s) the execution of the said act hath been " 1

wholly neglected, and the same in these two branches have been Uke-wifi transgressid, and divers personss that never were apprentices to the said art, and same, that have served but only same few years thereinj have taken upon than to fit up.and exerdje the same art, and retained great number of apprentices, who daily go away from their mafiers, and before their terms be ended, and being unskilful, do make and put to sale great quantities of hats and felts very Jaljly and de-. ceitfulfy made, and wrcugto, to the great damage of his Majesty's .mqft loving fubfiBs:

II. For reformation whereof, be it enacted by the King's most who shall excellent majesty, the lords spiritual and temporal, and the have the for* commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-e}n»re accm*

Ha thority*dbJrth, te>

too

of SEliz. c.ii mnd this ft*-tute.

Who only may be felt-makers, and who their ferYSutts, and how many.

No stranger shall be let on work in making of hats*

Hat-makers

ions.

Felt-makers at the time of this statate, and their fcrr* vants, may ib continue

Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. C.iy.

thority of the same, 'Thit from anrf after forty daft next twitting the end of this present session ofperiiament, the moiety* or one half-part of11 and Vveytfce fotfohafca and peradties rxwt-tained in the same former act, that shall urifoor gmw.'dtnf after the end t>f the said forty days treat eitfaiftg the end-of this feffkfff of parliament, and aHb-site moiety or bat ha&pmand every the forfeitures and penalties hereafter limited and appointed in and by this ptefent aft, shall be to our foveneign lord the Ring's majesty, his heirs and successors, tad the other moiety or half-part thereof to fteh person of periods as willfue-for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, to be-odnv-menced or brought or pndeotited in any court of record, wherein no efioin, protection, or wager, of bar shall be admiCednr allowed for the defendant*

III. And be -it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons from aha after the said forty days shall make, or cause to be made, any felt or hat, of or with any wool or stuff whatsoever, unless he or they shall have (sass fery-ed as apprentices in the forefeid trade or art of felt-making during the space of seven yean at the least $ neither shall they retain and set to work in the said art any other person or persons than journeymen that have lawfully served in that art, and apprentices lawfully bound in the fair! trade or art, nor above the hum--her of two apprentices at one time, nor those for any (eu term than (even years; (2) upon pain-to forfeit five pound for evety month that he shall continue offending contrary to the true meaning of this act, and to be recovered to the ttfes and th manner aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons from and after the said forty days, shall retain Or set on work in the said art of hat hr felNnrttking, any person or persons born out of his Majesty's mahns and do- -minions of England* Scotland and > upon pain to forfeit five pound for every month wherein suchperiod or personrshall so offend contrary to the meaning of this act, and to be recoveted to the uses and in manner and form aforesaid.

V. Provided always That -nothing in this act or in the said former act contained shall extend to charge any person or persons lawfully exeitifing the said art, with any pain or forfeiture, for setting or uiing his or their own natural son or sons to file making or working of hits or felts, in his or their own house or houses, so as every such son or sons be bound by indenture of apprenticehood for the term of seven years at the least, which term shall not be to expire before he shall be of the full age of ttjio and twenty years any thing abovesaid to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every felt-maker, that now is, and by the (paee of one year last pan before fire beginning of this present parliament was, a maker or worker of felts, and being an faoufholder, and all such as now an apprentices, covenant-servant or jout-

- ney-

i6q4+] Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c. 18. iox

n^manio the same art or myftcnr of felt-making (as the fwaof apprentice same the residue of seven years «t die waft) shall qr during such ptribn'i natural life, continue making of hats and felts, albeit the same perioa ware not bound appren* tice to- the same art forth* (pace of feaaq years; any thing in this a£k or.elsewhere to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for avoiding of deceitful buying and JpmUng corrupt'

and unwbolfom bop*.

Forasmuch as of late great frauds and deceits are generally The penalty

practised and used by foreigners* merchftrangers and others ?#r bringing; in foreign farts beyond the feus, in the fatfepacking ofaliiforeign

brought into this realm of England from byway^hop*, or for UteerthaetiiaUhere to be attired and fnd, with brewing with

fond'* /braveand with leggett of wood* draft and other foil in very them.

matey jacks of hips for increase of the weight thereof* felling the same

together for ft much money as the heps art fold for*

of thetejehmby deceit: (a) by means ef whic packing of foreign several fair.

heps* the' ftkyefts of this realm have been if late years and hood* »n&K

caved anti the name of twenty tbonfandpounds yearly at the leaf* be- ed.by «ran-

fuke tbaddtogtr of the fitbjefls healths* for that in many jacks of reign bopi- thtreh not found force one third part to be good and clean 8 kept, the ref! being draft and foil:

II. - For reformation whereof* Be it therefore enacted by our fewreiga lord the King* abd by the lords spiritual and tempo* ral, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That rf any foreigner, (hanger, natawo EttgHfkman* desiecrv, merchant or any other person or perfects whosoever, do at any time or times from or after the feast of Sr; Michael the archangel next coming after the end of thttptefentfcffion of parliament, bring or came to be brought, into this ueahn-of England, out from any other foreign realm or dominions from beyond the (ess, any hops befog deceitfully or corruptly unclean, corrupt of mixt with any powder, duff, drosis, sand or any other foil whatsoever, that every person so offend* ibg thefciw contrary to this act» shall forfeit the same hops so brought into this realm.

ilL And for the better avoiding of the danger of fkfcness by The forfeiture using of the false paeked, unclean and corrupt hops; (a) be it for brewing the refore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any ale b«er brewer nfrbmrpr ale, or any other person which shall buy «he*jj- "Jr (kmc hops-so brought from beyond the (ms or growing within niggled hop*, this realm, and shall imploy and spend the same about toe making or brewing of beef or sue to be sold, being unclean, corrupt or mixt with any powder, dud, dross, sand or any other foil Whatsoever, every person so offending therein contrary to the iMent of thi* wa, shall in like fort forfeit for the same offence, the value of those hops so bought, imployed or (bent in brew* ing; (3} the one moiety of all which forfeitures uiall be to our sovereign lord the King, his heirs and fuceyfforsv the other.

H 3 moiety

jAfphifterer shall not itfe..the occupation of a painter in London.

Incorporated by Queeen Elizabeth.

Who only may occupy that mystery.

Searching of paintingf-work, and seizing the deceitful.

Waiflerers do jute the art of painters* (iainera.

/ t

Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. C. 19, 26; [*604; '

moiety thereof to him Or them that will seize the same,or foe for the same by bill, plaint, information or altion of debt in hriy-of the King's courts of record $'in which" no efloln^ protestfofiv or wager or law shall be allowed, 6fr.

IY* This act to continue to the end of the first fcffiorfof AV next parliament. 3 Car. 1; c. 4. Continued until the eiid of the: first feffeon of the next parliamentp and fartkr continued by 16 Car.i. (Qp. 4.

CAP. XIX.

An act for the well garbling offpices. kepedted by 6 Amut, c. 16. f. t.

CAP. XX.

An act ft* redrgfs of certain abuses and deceits used in painting.

WHEREAS the art or mystery of painters is ah ancient art and myjlery, and hath time out of mind been an ancient company and fellowship within the city of London 5 (2) and of late upon due confederations, the freemen of the said city of that faculty, art or my-fiery (by letters patents under the great fed^England, dated at Westminster the nineteenth day of July in the three and twentieth year of the reign of §>ueen Elizabeth) were incorporate by the name of master, wardens and commonalty of the freemen of the art and my-fiery of painters, commonly called painters-Rainers within the City of honionand the suburbs and liberties of the same city: (3) and fttfir thermore, by the said letters patents it ts prohibited, enjoined and commanded, that no person or persons of whatsoever estate, degree or condition they were, should use, exerctfee or Occupy the said art or ntffitry of painters, commonly called painters-stainers, or any wort or worts, colour or colours, painting or paintings in the said art or myjlery occupied, unless such person or persons before that time had been brought up and inflrutted, or should from that time forwards be brought up and inferusted, by or with some one person of the fetid art or mystery as an apprentice by the space of seven pears at the leased

II. And whereas for the avoiding of deceit to be used in the said art or mystery of painting, the said late S>uecn by the aforesaid letters patents, did grant unto the fold master am wardens, and to their fuc-ctfjors, That they should have full power and authority for eVer, to male or cause to be made due search of all and singular the worksf colours, paintings and other things whatsoever to the said art Or mystery of painting in any wise appertaining, or touching or concerning the same, as well upon the freemen of the said mystery as upon any person or persons whatsoever, felling, mating or working the same within the city^London or the liberties or suburbs of the same r (2) and the said works, colours and paintings whatsoever so dettitfiiuy made, to seize and take away, and the offenders therein to punish and tone ft, as by the same letters patents more at large it doth and may appear.

III. And whereas the plaisterers within the city of London, of old time using nothing but lathing, dawbing, plaistering and liming* did and yet do procure thereby for thmfehes and their families a convenient living and maintenance: (2) yet not satisfied with that reafombk living that they do make of their fetid proper faculties and trades,

cohere-

Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c. 20. 103:

wherewith emdwbetein they, bout been brought up as. apprentices, have now of late used and prafttfed the art and mystery of painters-flainers, ess well wth^oilrceUurs, as size-colour^ and that ftnce the making of the said letters patents more tcfually than in former times they have used undid 3) whereby mt only many of the said art and mystery of pointers, who have well and boneflty as apprentices to the same served for the space of (even years and upwards? and by their labours and industries have attained to the fail and perfect /kill and knowledge there-of, are not only disabled to get any competent living thereby, for the relief of themJehis, their poor wives and children, but also for that the said pknfltrers, not having been trained up in the said art or my -fiery of painting, neither can or do make any flub good work or fab Jitre anip&feft colours, as others having been trained up in the same trade and apprentices thereunto, and yet utter the same for good and perfect colours, and being no freemen of she said company of painters-flamers % escape therefore unpusn/bed, to the great abuse and deceit of his Majesty's mofi loving subjects, and whereby the said art vr mystery of painting is likely in such fort in Short time to decay, as that there will not be sufficient workmen of /kill in and about the said city to serve in toe said art his Majesty or any other his Majesty's subjects.

IV. For remedy whereof. Be it enacted by the authority of No plaisterer this present parliament. That from and after the twenty-ninth fcallfe the 4iay of September which shall be in the year of our Lord God one t^.^fnerbT -thousand six hundred and six, next coming after the end of this London, fry, present session of parliament, no manner of person or persons, being or pretending to he a plaisterer, or hereafter to become or to be a plaisterer, or being or which shall be a servant, or set on work by any plaisterer, shall use, exercise or set up the art, cnyftery or manual occupation of a painter, commonly called a painter-stainer, or any part thereof, in the city of London* or the liberties or suburbs of the same; or shall within the places aforesaid make any manner of work or works, or lay a-tiy manner of colour or colours, painting or paintings whatsoever, in the said art or mystery of painters-stainers aforesaid at any time heretofore occupied or used, unless he or they be or shall be the servant or servants, apprentice or apprentices of a painter, otherwise called a painter-stainer, or have served or shall serve as an apprentice or as apprentice? by the space of seven years at the least to a painter, otherwise called a painter-stainer; <(2) upon pain that every such person or persons as shall hereafter do or offend contrary to the true intent and meaning The forfeiture of this present act, shall forfeit for every time that he or they of au offender, shall so do or offeod, the sum of five pounds of lawful money of England; (3) the one moiety of all which forfeitures shall be to the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that will sue for the same in any of the -.King's majesty's courts of record, by action of debt, bill, plaint or information; in which said suit, no essoin, protection or wager of law shall be admitted or allowed for the said defendant;

H 4 any

10. Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. f?*90} (fife*

any law, usage or often beratofarc Kacf«r tried* the timmnmrf

thereof in any Otffc<w>n»il!fitkiwAny.

What things a V. PreeMed rteVefthetefe, Thatir-shall artel wta*bb kririmtn.

piaifterer may and for any fif the eompaoy of jftrifk rent, or tfaeirArpatatt, Of uie in his apprentifl<s, t6 kyvrhrtwig^ hhtefcteg^ teebkady.mbefcxri

Yrorlc* yeitew-oteii', aftd rnffet, mmgled^ivri& aady, attAnwinih

- oe); this pie^frtt i# Or any thing t besom eoatabod eothecon-

trary natrifthlfaMlitig.

Theday-wa- Vi Provided ifllo, That no printer or paifcter's ferment-crap* ges of a OrOOfict shall have or take above fixtoen-pence by the day painter. ing of My flat edlout Whatsoever, mingled or nxxedffltb oil or fl«e, hpon any timber, stone, iron or lead.

CAP. XXI.

An act agau/ijl brokers.

Sale of goods "Tj'ORASMUCH as tf long and ament time"by divert hundred yean London &c then have beenufid within tit I.ondoa and Sbtrttn

shall not alter thtrtof, j certain fritmtn of the city, to be out of the property. and mysteries pA/reofthey ate free and members, and the same v

finsto be presented at least by fix and known p&fens

of the same mystery, to the lord major of London for the time beings The Mahner to the aldermen bii brethrenand to be recommended by fitch pov* allow^bro^1 /tutors t6*Per fins fir timrknown approval hoiufty, integrity tried

hers in Lon. faithfidntfii per finsmet for to he broker or and nptn fiub

deni..relation mode to the mayor end aldermen, bytbeir owmimrin-

Stat.Ciy. fcjgg^diligtntenquiries made of the and tf these

; % ); 13 E* tuft same., report, fidelity and Ml, have bien admitted, ok-f '1'lowed and approved by the lord mayor of eity and abdomen in the

court of aldermen, to be brokers within the said city and bbtrties, of the same, and have taken their corporal oaths the find mayor

mtd aldermen, from time to time as they were Jo presented and admitted, to life anademean thenfehtsuprightly anafaithfully mer-

chant English and mettbant strangrrs, and trndefmcn, in she contriving^ snaking and concluding bargains and contracts to be made them concerning thoir wares and mmijanduots to be bought and Jbld and contracted fir within the cityef London, and monies tt be taken up by exchange between fiub merchant and > and tradefmett;

and theft kind of persons Jo presented, alktoCdand to bebrehers,

atafertsaid, have-had mid born the name of brokers, and bemknnm, called and taken for brtktrs, and brokerage (a)

The differen- who never of anjuntwit time used to bey and fid garments, boufbolA-

*h* bet?eeA fiuffs or to take pawns and bills of foie of garments and apparel, and and p^ni things that comen band, fir money add out and lent upon vfiay,

brokers. w to keep openfiofis and to make open Jbeyps, and an open, at nap tf late years hath and is of citizens, affitnrntg

unto- themfekrs the name of brokers and brokerop, as though the same were an honest and lawful trade, myfhry or occupation, terming used naming thanfelpes brokers, whereas in truth they arc not, true and houe/t ancient name and trade of broker or brokerage.

The abnfe of H. And forafdmth as many of the city, being men

brokerage in tf manual occupations and hanand others inhabiting and

re-

Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. i. '105

remaining Mnr the tiiywifUbuebf yf tbt Actloft giurt theft later

ovfrt and daily da have and g-veover, th bandy, and manual ?*'

patiuh*. dad.bentatd.ditibndafit.td> a trade and felling and

taking alt ptnun of all bind of warn apparel, whethertt be old, or little tbt wotfe-for, wearing, hostJhMfitff. and of what kind same

the same hi of, fading thereby that the same it a more idle and kind of tradi i/ bvingi and that there arifctb and greWtth to them a more ready, more great, more profitable, advantage

gain, them by their former manual labouri and, trades did or could hriAgtbmi

III. jnd forafimbat tbt find kind of counterfeit brokers, and Frioerer* and

'pawn-takenupon ufitry or otherwise for ready money, are grown if no broken, -

[ait tamany hundreds within the city of London, and other places mat adjoining to tho city and liberties of the same, and art like to ertafeto far greater multitudes, being frip, and no brokers, nor pttrdftHg.of anyhtnefi and lawful trade, and within the memory tnany ytt living, filth kind ofptrfons tradesmen wore very few, and of

fwdtinutnbtr:

: 1V. Aftdforafututb as there are not any garments, apparel, hous- By what Md-ftnf, or other goods of any kind whatsotu the same either "ns uP*rt being debt or robbed from any, or badly or unlawfully purloined or by their tome by, hat theft kind of Upflart brokers, under colour and prettnct goods.1

obey he freemen tf the find city tf London, or inhabiting in West-

jnmfteiy, where-they pretend to have the like evert market as the city of London, and thereby prefitmtngtt he lawful for them to uft and The inconve-set up the same idle and ntoditfstrades, being the very means tt pieneiee «nfu-

maiMcin and embolden ad kind tf bad and lewd persons, to rehand (leal, yrsupftart and unlawfully to get and come by true mens goods, knowing and find-

ing that me /toner the same goods can bo fioln, or unlawfully come by,

but that they fall ami may prefimtly utter, tout, fell and pawn the same to.fiuh kind tf stew mpfiarf brokers, for ready money: (2) for rerndp whereof, and for the avoiding tf the find and income-

memos, and fiur t/prtffhtg and abtffmhg of tbt law idle and trades andupftart brokers, and for the avoiding tf thefts, robberies urn!feienw, and bad people, and for the repttjfing offiuh kind of tttwriflstrs and.aiders of thieves and bad peopleand for tbt dtftnce of

hontfl and true nuns properties and inter fis in their goods.

V. Be it enacted and declared by Our sovereign lord the Ring, The Tale of with the a dent of the lord* spiritual and temporal, and com- goods wrong, jnons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the time. That no sale, -exchange, pawn or mortgage of property any jewefr (date, apparel, houshold-nuff, or other goods, of of theirL -what kind, nature or quality (never the same shall be of, and Kdyog 50. that shall be wrongfully or unjustly purloined, taken, robbed or froln from any person orpersonl, or bodies politick, and which at any time hereafter shall be sold, uttered, delivered, exchange.cd, pawned or done away, within the city of London or- liberties thereof, or within the City of IVtfimnfitr in the county of Mtd-dleftx, or within Southwark in the county -of Surrey, or within -.two miles of the (hid city of London, to any broker or brokers,

or pawn-takers, by any way or means whatsoever, dirc&ly or,

in?

io6 Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi.

[1604.

indirectly, ' shall work or makp any change or alteration of- the property or interest of and from any person or persons, or body politick, from whom the same jewels, plate, apparel, houshold-, fluff or goods were or shall be wrongfully purloined, taken, robbed or stoln $ any law, usage or custom to the contrary notwithstanding

VI. And for the better maintaining of true and honest dealing, and for the eschewing and avoiding of faKhood, fraud and deceit, in such kind of brokers-and pawn-takers;

A broker up- VII. Be it furthermore enacted and established by the like on request authority, That if any person or persons, or bodies politick, lb all declare from whom any jewels, plate, apparel, houshold-stuff, or any come*tohi»k*c, n<^ 8°°^s whatsoever, shall be wrongfully purloined, taken,

hands. stolen or robbed, "shall require and demand of any such broker or pawn-taker to declare whether any such goods be come to his or their possessions, and to declare^ shew and manifest the lame, and how and by what mans be had them, or came by the same, and bow, when, and to whom he hath delivered, conveyed or bellowed and employed the lame; and that such broker, upon any such request and demand to be made, shall deny and refuse to disclose, tell or manifest the same truly and justly, shall forfeit unto the true owner or owners of such jewels, plqte, apparel, houshold-stuff and other goods, from, whom the lame were wrongfully purloined, taken, stolen or robbed, -double the value thereof that shall be denied and refused to be difelosed, told and manifested, as aforesaid; the £une double value to be recovered by the true owner or owners of such goods from whom the same were wrongfully purloined, taken, nobbed or stolen, to be recovered by adkion of debt, bill or plaint, in any of the King's majesty's courts of record at, or within the

city of London, in which no essoin, wager of law or protection (halt be allowed.

VIII. Provided always, That this act, nor any thing therein contained, shall not be prejudicial or hurtful to the ancient trade of brokers within the city of London, uling and expressing the ancient trade of brokers between merchant and.merchant or other traders or occupiers within the said city and the liberties of the same, being feledked as aforesaid.

CAP. XXII.

An act concerning tanners, ,; and other

artificers occupying the cutting of leather.

Enforced by W WHEREAS tho laws and statutts formerly tftablijhtd and made9 Annas, e. si, W for the true and just, currying and working of lea-

' w & M ther, have hot taken that good effetl which was as well for

flat. i. c. j j. that divers of the findftatutts did not fuffidently provide for the rt-ii Geo. dress of those deceits and abuse which have been and are tommonfy*. t f praffifed by the tamers, curriers and workers of leather \ (a)

tanners, cur- t^at^her 9f^fmtftatutts have been too Jbarp and,

riers, ihoema- and binding the persons occupying the several or trades afore-

kers, and of said, to divers inconveniences, and matters and things ir/tpof-

fiblt

The antient trade of brokers.

1604./) Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. 12.

jfiblefor them to perform, £7 raj/ifc of which too much Jlrimefs &td°cutting

rigour, the same statutes hai/e nbt 'been{ptit hi execution^but have been yjgcause*

in efftexwmllyfiffcHfed withal: (3) io the intent1 therefore that a that former

reafbttabk mi inmffrrent course for the true and well tannings curry- statutes made

ing and buorkhrg if bather, may be from henceforth eflabRshed and ap- against the a-

pointed, and yet the perfom using and occupying the several crafts and , ^cuVrier3

myfoertes aforesaid may not be further or more ftriRlf bound, refrain- &c.haveh<yt'*

ed or tirtrited, than the necissary regard of the commonwealth and ge- been perform-

neral commodity of all forts OfJubjetts within this realm requireth: td.

- .*7 <8. c. 14.

& 6 Ed.fi. c. »$. 1 M. Sess. 3. c. 8. Eliz. c. 8 Eliz. c. «+. 18 Eliz. c. 9.

a Salk- 609. Mod. Cases in law eii Eut. 181, 1499.

' H. Be it enacted by the King's rtioft excellent majesty, the The penalty Jords spiritual and temporal, and commons, of this prefen't par- for gating or foment assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the feast of St. BartMtmeto the apostle next coming, a hid*; no butcher by himself, or by any other person, shall ga(h,

-daughter or cut atlyhide of any ox, bull, ftetr or cow, in flaying thereof, or otherwise, whereby the same shall be impaired or hurt, upon pain of forfeiture for every- hide <b gashed, flaugh-tered or cut, twenty-pence. (2) And that no butcher shall water any hide, except only in the months of June, and August, nor shall' offer or put to sale any hide being putfilied or -rotten, upon pain of forfeiture for every hide so watered, and for every hide'so nutrified or rotten, and offered or put to fate, three shillings and four-pence. '

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, K3l'"g of

-That no butcher or other person or persons, after the feast offivewee^loid. St. Bartbehmew next coming, shall kill any oalf to fell, heingun- by

der fivd weeks old, upon pain to forfeit for every Calf so to be* & 13 Car.z. killed and fold, six shillings and eight-pence. — c. 19. r. 13.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No butcher -That no person or persons occupying die craft or Mystery of a shall be a tan-butcher, shall after the feast of St. Bafthtlomew the apostle next ner* coming, occupy or use by himself, orany other person or per-

-fons, the feat, craft or mystery of a tanner, during the time vfhat he shall use the craft or occupation of a butcher; upon pain -of forfeiture of six shillings eight-pence for every day that he shall so ulb the feat, craft or mystery of a tanner.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That who may be no person or persons shall from and after the feast-of St. Bartbo- a t'inuer-

iomewnext coming, fan any leather, or shall use, take, or have any profit, gain or commodity, of or by the said craft or myfiery of tanning of leather, except such person or persons as had a tan-house at the beginning of this present session of parliament, and did then occupy the mystery of tanning of leather; (2) and.except such as have been or hereafter shall be brought up, in-stru&ed or taught as apprentices, or covenant of itired servants for -that punpose, by the space of seven years, in thrmyflery of tanning of leather: (3)' andexcepr the wife, und-fudi son or ions of a tanner as'hath been-brought upland hatftrufed -the. mystery

ioB Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. e&ti 11604-

mystery of taopfog ^leather hftta&Bfttf four.ymrs, Mtbe Can or daughter of a tanner* or such person., wfie -(hag many such wife ordaughter* to yrhopt-hs hath or foall- l«yA a tan-house and fate i U)\pfM pain Of forfeiture, of aft fochjeatfier by him or than so tanned, or whereof he or they. shall receive any profit or commodity by tanning, or the just value, therpof. iio tanner

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority afarcfiud, flnU be a«ut- That no person or persons using the tnyftery tapping iofittr ter of leather, ther by himself, or by any other person or persons# foofn and-afr Cro. Car. J87. ter the said feast of SuBartboUmnii shall*during that time that he shall use the said mystery, occupy, or use the craft or mystery of a Ihoemaker, currier, butcher, or of any other artificer, tiling

ot exercising cutting or working Of Icfithef; (z) updo paita to forfeit and lose all and every such hide and hidm, fitin and drink So by them or any of them wrought or tanned, during the time that he shall use the mystery or craft of tanning aforesaid, or the just value thereof.

who may buy

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority ifomfeirt. Tcah.es- ^at 110 Person or Pfffoo* after the feast of St. Bar(Mfmm-nix.t «hin«ve>* coming shall bargain, buy, make any contract foe, of; be*-foeak arty rough hide, or calve-firin in the hair, but. only dhtb .'person or persons as by virtue of this a# may iatyfolly use foe craft or mystery of tanning of leather, and shall tart the fiamv or such person or persons which fttall taw the same, (except feh> hides for the necessary use of <hips$) (1) upon: pain to forfeit and lose all a fid every such hides and skins. (b bstgbtnr the hMri just value thereof: fjj-and that no tanner, or other person or persons shall foreftali any hides Coming towards any for or aaat'-ket, nor shall buy any hide any other where than-in open fair or market* tmMs it be of such person or persons at ihsH kill foe same beast whereof the said hide shall be* for the pmviftan of his or their owri house or houses; (4) upon pain of forfeiture' for every hide so forestalled or bought contrary to thetrufe meaning of this present a* six shillings eight pence, whomaybny.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* tanned leather That no person or persons shall or may after the feast of thenar wrong.tjvity of our Lord God next coming buy, fell, bargtisibespeak, or take promise to have, exchange, or put away, any. tamed leather, not wrought and converted into made wares, /but -only such person and persons as will and shall work and convert the same leather into made wares, upon pain of forfeiture of the leather so bought* fold, exchanged, or put away, or the value thereof.

Baying lea*

IX. Provided always* and be it eaa&ed by the authority ae

ther at i*d- ferefeid, That all and every artificer, and other peifomaad pan* London foas using to convert tanned feather into made wares, ias well ftf angers born as others, may lawfully buy all kind of tanned leather* to make or convert thefeme into made wares, at Ltadm-hall io Xcedv; ,; upoo every Mauley, the same being first duly searched, faded and registred, as is hereafter limited.

Sadlers and x. Provided also* That the fodlgr* and girdlers may fell their girdlers may'0 necks.

4&>4'1 Anhd fikwn^ (rulgo fitoo] J Aetna. c. 22. 109

MdM, fltMfrt jftarttted leatRer fed! without incBtring any pain &n , th*'r or forfouuttefor theftbie.' t neck*, &c.

*li Arid* if forth* fhaftedT* the authority aforesaid,

TIM hftfcr ihbfid# Ittft bFft. Bartholmnnr«coming, no per- -S!f* son «r pdffon* bfoatsoever, 'Which foaffaftef tfid find featt oceu-

p? orwfe by hitn of thethfiSves, or by any tflhefpeffonor per--fomy IM* etofe'Of myftenf ofthnhing Of feather, rasTfftffer anV bide W'Mf % > Hi Iri -the'-fitne* tfll the fimre be- o»er-fished, ndr fhafrptrt My MMfes eft fkmslntb -dsy tan*fats, btfftii'e the lime be towl Mi'pilrfeftly'fefcensed'-ahd ^toughr-obt rif 1theni) ind every ef (hditj { %,); rior shall ifl?, fcttpfoy, oetupy, -or put, by twemfdvefr'ot'by any otHerperson: rir perform, -any thing or fftitt In «r about the workmanship -of tanning of leather, but ohly ntti-bitfe* otrk* % ark, tapwrirt: , malt, tpeal, 'fttttc, eulver-'dung'

-or hen-dong-, (j)npr'lhafl , wiOingly{ul!fcf his br'tbbir leather to be Mdy 'or to hang, ' or to fiebet in anyftoft, "hntiri!h'e same be frozen j (4) nor wall dry or parch the said Jiathct Wth the beat of the^fire, or of the fbrpmer-fqn(5) nor shall tan, or.eause to bfc tanned any hide or skin'being pmrified or rotteni.'by "'

Jong lying, 'either1 before die potting of it into die Jrtnes, or affor in the water tiin liquor, otby arty bttiier means j'(b) nor stall -bufferthe hides fbrutter<sidle-l.cather' toUe in 'tWe whose!? any de& time thart twelve 'months at the^f 7 )' ndf 'the hides for '

Tipper-leather* in the lrtre -weores any fefi? time than Wirte months at the feast; (8) ncAr shall Wtgligerttly woHc the'hides in the 'troones, but shall renew and trSl* fhting their wtiozes, as often -as flndlbe fleqttffirey (9^ nor shall after the laidftbft of St. Bar-tbotamrwput tri sale any tarmed hide orftm, whiten (ha* after the (sad feast wrought and tanned hv any othdr fort thin by dm statuteis fimHed-and appointed 'j (10) uponpaJnrbF forfeiture 1of<everyojt-hide, btdi-hide, fteerLhi(Je, cow-hide, or fldh -tanned or Wrought; and offered to be put t<? 'sale, 'contrary to the'true meaning of this prefettt aft, or the just vaWe thereof.

JCflv Amifirafimuh as much damage hath redounded the -

momoeaHh, by reason that -divert tanners fair here have

ttefi to convertto fob-leather filth h!des as art altogether insufficient

fir that test, which hides they do raise in divers

mixtures, thereby -making the fdmt tofiemvJfrong leather, whereas the same doth in the wearing prove deceitful,

and altogether unprofitable fir the commonwealth:

XIII- Be. it enacted by the authority aforesaid: , 'That no per- Raising of son or persons, iifing or which hereafter Aral! trie the craft orbidwwinh mystery of tanning of leather, shall after the fad ftaft of St. thoimem next coming, raise with any mixtures any hide, to be -miployed and converted to baefcs, bend-leather, tlouting-lea-ther, or any other foie-leather, except the same hides be for' fergenefej'state and growth, fit and sufficient for that use and purpose, the same to be tried by the triers hereafter in this pre-'

lent act to betppdinted} (4 j-upon pain of forfeiture of all such

hides

*P Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. fcft*: [1604.

V i' hides$&^to^ and convertod.to sole4c*thdr contrary to the true meaning of this present pavilion*..; ,

Sak^ftnnnW'XIV^ And be it fimher fenacted by th^ authority, a&nelaid, lAthtrredand That from theiaid feaffofSt. Bartholomew noct coming* - no per-vwwwgbtr son on jrofon* whatsoever, shall put or-causetp k$ put to foie, cx-change, ' ocotherwise depart with any kind of tyquai leather red andam wrought, but in open fair-or market m tlya plaopt therefore cammqnty accufioineidL and thenefore prepared* unless the same, leatherth^ve been before lawfully searched and foaled ic _some open fair or market, ^other place lawfully appointed to -afidfo]- th/e foarchfog and foaling of leather,; (2) nor shall after the said feait offer or put to faje any tanned leather xed/and ua-wrought, befonp the same be searched and seated according to the laws and, ofder of this ft^tiue hereafter men^oped; (j) upon, pain of forfeiture for every hide or piece of leather.to fold, exchanged, or otherwise departed with, contrary to the true meaning of this a<^ fix shilling* eight pence, and for, every do-

Altered by zen of caiyc^flcms or.focq^stuns, force foil lings, four pence, 4. Jac. 1. c. 6.: an4 foe hide or hides, (kin or ikios, and leather , in any other l- % m wife fold, exchanged or bought* or the value thereof*.

Leather not'XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, sufficiently That if aay person or peffops using, or which fhdl pfe, the tanned or mystery qr faulty of t^njngV; shall at any tipae or times here-dned- after otter or pqt -to fal*»y. kfodof leather yfoich, foall. be in-

sufficiently pr not throughly tanned, or which shall not then have been after the tanniqg thereof well and throughly .^dried; so that the lame by the triers of leather lawfully, appointed according to this present act, for the time being, shall be found to be inefficiently or not throughly tanned, or netthsoughly dried as. aforesaid; That then all and every such person and persons so offending; shall forfeit and lqfe so much of his or focir find leather as mall be so found insufficiently and not thrpHghly tanned,

or not throughly dried as aforesaid; that is to say, the whole hide, back or (kin, or other piece of leather, if the whole be inefficiently or not throughly tanned, or not throughly dried: (2) and if the whole hide, back, (kin, or other piece of leather be not sufficiently or not throughly tanned, or not throughly dried, then only so much of the hide, back, skin* or other piece

of leather, as shall be insufficiently 6r not throughly tanned, of not throughly dried; the same to be cut out by the over-fight, discretion and dircdion of the triers hereafter in this act to be appointed, upon the oaths of the said triers.

Crafty futans

XVI. And whereas divers tanners for greediness of gain da over-to overbaften 7muf) hasten the tanning of their leather, and for that purpose do use the tanning of divers crafty and subtile profiles, sometimes laying their leather in leather. their fatsy Jet in their old tanhills, where it may be tanned in the hot woozes, taking unkind heat in the same hilly and sometimes by putting of hot woczes into their tan-fats where the same hides or leather lily by which and other like fraudulent practices, they make their leather to seem both fair and well and sufficiently tannedt within a very Short space:

XVII. For

1604.] Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c. 22.

XVE For reformation thereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That after the said feast of St. Bartholomew next coming, no person or persons shall fct their fats in tan-hills* or other places, where the woozes or leather that shall be put to tan in the same, shall or may take any unkind heats, or mall put any leariier into any hot or warm woozcs, or shall tan any hide, calve-skin or (heep-skin, with any hot or warm woozes whatsoever; (2) upon pain that every person so offending shall forfeit for ever? such offence ten pounds and shall also for every such offence stand upon the pillory three several market-days in the market-town next to the place where the said offence shall be committed. '

XVIII. And forasmuch as bark is of late become very dear and scarce, tvbich happened partly by reason that divers persons do ingross and buy great quantities thereof and then do fell the same again at excefjrve and unreafinable prices, and partly by the unseasonable felling

cf.oak out of the barking-time:

XIX. Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons shall regrate, ingross or get into his 6t their hands by buying, contracting or promise^taking, any oaken

3 bark, before it be shipped, or after, to the intent to sell the same again; (2) upon pain of forfeiture of all such barks to'by him or them regrated, ingrossed or bought, contrary to 3 the true meaning of this present branch, or the fall value. thereof:

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,.That no person or persons shall from and after the said fca(t

- of St. Bartholomew next coming, fell or cause to be feMed any: oaken trees meet to be barked, where bark is worth two shillings a cart-load, over and above the charges of barking and pilling, (timber to be imployed to and for the necessary and

: needful building or reparation of houses, ships or milk, only.excepted) but between the first day of AprilmA the last day , of June9, upon pain of forfeiture of every such oaken tree so felied; r: or the double value thereof.

: r.

XXI. And for the better preservation of timber, which by the takers of timber is spoiled through the greedy desire of gain of the lops, tops or bark of timber-trees; be it therefore enacted by the au-.. thority aforesaid, That no taker or takers, purveyor or purveyors of timber, or his or their deputy or deputies, shall fell or cause to be felled fortheufeof the King's majesty, his heirs or fuccedors, any oakeix timber tree or trees meet to be barked, but in bark-r ing time, (trees to be felled for the needful and necessary building or repairing of any his Majesty's houses or ships only excepted $)*(2) or shall in any wise take or receive any manner of profit, gain

orcommodity by any lops, tops or bark of any trees, to be taken by them or any of them; (3) or shall in any wise take carry away, give, sell or dispose from the owner, any more of any tree to be taken as is aforesaid, than only the timber of the same W tree or trees to be used and bestowei, or imployed onjy irt, upon or about the King's majesty's buildings or ships; (4)

upon

III

Leather shall not take unkind heats.

There shall be no regrating or ingrossing of oaken bark.

At what time oaken trees to be barked shall be felled*

When purveyors shall fell timber. iiCir.ic. 24>.

No taking of lops.

nz

Carrying of leather.

The corner* forfeiture for mifuixng of leather.

Salk. 609.

UflwMI curry leather in or near London.

Curried leather shall be searched and lease/L

Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. C. 29. [1604.

upon pain of forfeiture to the party grieyed, far every tree, and for the lops, tope or bark of every tree, ' taken contrary to the mctntwof this article, forty {billing*; (5) and that fMi be lawftum the party of whom fitch tree or trees shall be taken, otr t* any other for and in his name, to take, retain, withhold and keep tt> hirnXelf all the hark, lop and top of such owe or trees, any enmmifitQB or other matter whatsoever not. wkhftawdfog.

XXII. Jdnd fcrafmub as no Uatbtr tan be ft well it me) be marredm the tarrying, be it therefore enacted by the authority. afortfiud, That front and after the feast of St. the archangel next coming, no person or persons shall curry any kind of leather in the house of any shoemaker or other person, but oidy in his own house situate in a corporate or market-town % (a) opr foall curry any kind of leather, except it be welt and perfectly tanned; (x) nor shall after the said feast of St,

Bartholomew curry any hide or skin being not throughly dry, after his wet ffirfon, in which wet feafbn he shall not efc any (We urine, or any other deceitful or fobtile mixture, thing, way or mesas, to corrupt or hurt the same; (4) nor Audi cmtry aay leather meet for utter-foie-leather with any other duff than with hard tallow, nor with any less of that trum the leather wUl receive j (5) nor shall curry any kind of leather meet for over-leather and inner foies, but with good and sufficient fluff, being frdh and not salt, and throughly liquored hU k can receive no more; (6) nor shall burn or fcatd any hide or leather in the currying; (7) nor shall (have any leather too thin {oor.shall galhor hurt any leather in the (haying, or any other means j { %,) but shall work the same sufficienuy in all points andrefoedU: upon pain of forfeiture for every such offence or acts done contrary to the true meaning of this article (other than in gafluag or hurting in (having) six Shillings eight pence, and she value of every fitch ficia or hide marred by his evi) wotfcmapdnp.; (9) and for every offence to be done against this article in gaming or hurting by {having, double- , fp much <0 the party grieyed, as the leather shall be impaired thereby, by the judgment of the wardens of the curriers, and the wardens of the company whereof the party grjpved shall be.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no cordwainor, (boonaker, or other person or persons dwelling or inhabiting within the city etf London or the liberties of the same, or dwelling within three miles of the said city, and occupying wet curried leather inhisait or occupation, shall put or cause to be put any leather to -be curried, but to such person or persons as be or shall be foee of the company of the curriers, of the city of upon pain of forfeiture of all such curried leather or the value thereof. Rep. 12 Geo. 2. t.25.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no person or per-tfons shall by any means occupy or put in any made wares within the city <£ London, or three miles of the lame city, any curried leather, before the same shall be searched and allowed 2 by

x604<3 Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. C. 22.

say ihtTHrito of the curriers of Loader for the rime being, or

fetch pcifoatf as they shall thereto assign, and be sealed with a »3&w-Car.s«

seal therefore to he prepared; (2) upon-pain that every (hoe-c'7, r,

-maker, ead other- artificer -cutter of leather, offending against this article, shall forfeit fee every hide, or (knrotherwise curried

orinrployed-as is afbrafeid, -six shillings eight.pence, and the

value of every such hide or (kin. Rep. X2 a. i. 25.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no person occupying A currier shall the fiat or mystery of a currier, shall use or exercise the feat «t be tanner or myfttry of a tanner, cordwainer, shoemaker, butcher of other artificer using cutting of leather, during the time that u'befbaiMo trie or occupy the mystery of a currier; (2) upon p»n of forfeiture of six shillings and eight pence for every hide or (kin that he shall curry, during the time that he diaU ooooupy or use any of the mysteries aforesaid contrary to the meaning of this article.

XXVI. And farther bfe it enssted, That no.currier of cur- Within what mrs shall after the said feast of St. Bar efofe to curry leather

any leather to him or them for that purpose.brought, by any cur* such artifice? as is or shall bera cutter of leather, the same an-n tifleer or his servant bringingwith him or theth good md fuf-jficfentftufiF as ts-bdfore mentioned, for the perfect liquoring of the same leather tand that the said leather in the presence of the fasrd aKifieers, cutters of leather, his servant or servants (if he or they will b pwSfent) shall be liquored and curried in all things and degrees- perfectly; and if he or they will not be present,

It Bull Vnevtrtheless be likewise liquored and curried in his or their absened perfeddy, with as convenient speed as may be, not exceeding eight days in the summer, and sixteendaysin the winter, after he shall dr may take it in hand; (2-) upon pain to forfeit to the party grieyed, for every hide or piece of leather not in this-manner curried, and well and speedily dreffect, ten shillings. u

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Curried lea*

tody That-the wardens of the curriers for the time being, tl'etvftiall be or such pdrlbnt as they (haS assign and appoint, shall from time 40

to rime forehand try all such curried leather as shall be brought

to any of their Company to be curried, and shall with a leal therefore TO be-prepared, with convenient speed, not exceeding one day after the curirying and request made, seal such leather as they: shall-find fafficientTy-carried; (2) taking for everyhide so (bated, after the rate of a peny for the dicker, and for every fix dozen-Of calves-skins, one peny, and not above, to be paid by the currier; (3) upon pain of forfeiture for- every hide which shall not -be (batched and sealed as is aforesaid, six shillings and eight pehce,-

XXVIII. And forasmuch as It other well tamed and, The cord-

by the ntgfigmee, duett, or evil worbnanship of the tordwainer or wainer's duty

jbotmuhr, be used deceitfully, to the hurt of the occupier or wearer (hies thereof; (2) be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, bu»ki*n«, That no person or perfcrnr, which after foe said feast of Si. flippers, ' &c.

i (4 Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c e.'[1604.

Bartholomew next coming shall occupy the mystery or occupation of a cordwainer or shoemaker, shall make or cause to be made any boots, shoes, buflrins, startpps, flippers or pantosses, or any part of them, of English leather wet curried, (other than deer-flrins, calve-skins or goats-fldns, made or dressed or to be made or dressed like unto Spanish leather) but of leathet well and truly tanned and carried in manner and form aforesaid, of of leather well and truly tanned only, and well and substantiafly sewed with good thread well twilled and made, and sufficienuy waxed with wax well rofeoed, and the (liches hard drawn with hand-leathers, as hath been accustomed, without mixing or mingling over-leathers, that is to say, part of the over-leather being ofneats-leather, and part of calves-leather; (3} nor shall put into any part of any shoes, boots, bulkins, startops, flippers or pantosses, any leather made of a meep-flrin, bull-hide or horse-hide, (4) nor into the upper leather of any shoes, startops, flippers or pantosses, or into the nether part of any boots (the inner part of the (hoe only excepted) any part of any hide from which the sole-leather is cut, called the wombs, neck, (hank, flank, powle or cheek; (c) nor shall put into the utter-sole any other leather than the bed of the ox or fleer hide3 (6) nor into the inner-sole any other leather than the wombs, neck, powle or cheek 3 nor in the trefwels of the double soled shoes, other than the flanks of any the hides aforesaid; (7) nor shall make or put to sale in any Year, between the Ialt of September and the twentieth of Aprils any shoes, boots, bulkins, startops, flippers or panto-lies, meet for any person to wear exceeding the age of four years, wherein shall be any dry English leather, other than calves-skins or goats-fldns, made or dressed or to be made or No sale or dressed like unto Spanish leather, or any part thereof; (8) nor shall fiiewing of shew, to the intent to put to sale, any shoes, boots, buskins, star-

upooSe t0Ps* AipPers or pantofles upon the Sunday 3 (9) upon pain of

Sunday/ forfeiture for every pair of shoes, boots, buskins, startops, (lip-

pers and pantosses, made, fold, shewed or put to sale, contrary

to the true meaning of this act, three shillings and four pence, and the Just and full value of the same,

XXIX. And be it further enacted for the true execution of this statute. That the mailer and wardens of the several mysteries of cordwainers, curriers, girdlers and (adlers of the city of London for the time being, by what name or names soever they be incorporated or intitled, or the more part of the said master and wardens of every of the said several my fieri es, upon pain to forfeit forty pounds for every year that they make default, the one half thereof to be to the King'* majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other half to him or them that will foe for the fames (2) shall by virtue of this act four times in the year at the least, that is to say, once every quarter of the year, or oftener if need require, as they shall think good, make true search and view of and for all boots, shoes, buskins, and other wares and things whatsoever made of tanned leather, in

all

i6o4j] Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c.aa.

all and every hotifeand honsets, {dace and places, privileged or Wares made not privileged,c well within the city of Lmdon and suburbs and tanned thereof, as In every other place within three miles of the same London city* where any ihoemahor, (idler, girdler, carrier, or other shall be artifoer ufldg cutting, working or drefliOg of leather, doth or searched. shall dweH, or occupy arty of the occupations of cutting, Explaintd if working or dressing of wither, whether the same boots, shoes, i 5^ & M* wares, duff, and other things be made of tanned leather, and f*'*33*

be wrought aeeotding to the purport, effetSt and trae meaning of this statute, or not: (y) and that it (halt and may be lawful Warn of lea. to and for the said several masters add wardens of the said several ther that be aayftcnes which shall, be for the time being, to take, seise and mfu^ent carry away to their several eoftimon halls, a fi such boots, shoes, E£Sa warn, fluff or other things, which foe find several matters and away, wardens frail find ill their several searches insufficiently made, curried or wrought.

XXX. Provided always, That none of the said several Who may masters and wardens of the said several companies of Cdfd- ?arcMnd* wainors» Curriers, girdlers or fadlers, shall search ariy person fcarchc

or perfofts, but such as use and exercise the tnvftery or occupation of the said master and wardens; (2) dno that the coach-makers dwelling within the said city of London? or three miles from the same, shall be under the survey and search of the master and wardens of the company of the fadlers of London,

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said mayor of Searchers and the city of London and the aldermen for the time being, upon [^erftiaHbe- like pam of forty pounds likewise to be levied and imploved, appointed by shall likewise yearly appoint eight of the most substantial, honest the mayor, 1 and expect perfofts, being freemen of some of the companies &c. of Lon-of cordwainers, curriers, fadlers or girdlers within the city 6f an^ London, whereof one shall be a fealer, and keep a seal for the aUt °" sealing of leather, to be prepared, who shall also be sworn before the said mayor and aldermen for the time being* to do

their office truly j (2) which said fcurchers and fealefs shall view and search all and every tanned hide, skin or feather, which shall be brought as well to the market at Leaden-hall? as to any other lawful fair or market therefore txfually appointed within three miles of the said city, whether the same be sufficiently and throughly tanned and throughly dried, according to the purport and true meaning of this statute, or ho 5 (3) and finding it sufficiently and throughly tanned and throughly dried, in such manner and form as by this statute is appointed, shall seal the same with the said seal.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore-Searching and find. That all mayors, bailiffs, and other head officers for the sealing ot lea-time being, in all other cities, boroughs and market-towns of thr ln -this realm, and all lords of liberties, fairs and markets out of ^areafe}/ the circuit or Compass of the said three miles, shall upon like

pain of forty pounds likewise to be levied and imployed every year that they make default therein, appoint and swear yearly

12 two.

n6

Six triers of leather shall be appointed in London.

Triers cf tanned leather in other places.

t Lntw. tSi. sLnttf. 140a.

Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c.m£

two, threeor more persans, of the most booeft and flcUfol men within their several offices or liberties, by their difaretion, to search and view within the prerioft of their hid offices, liberties and authorities, (a) which shall, as often as they shall think good, or need shall be, make like search within their limits, and shall have a mark or leal prepared for that porpwfe: and that the said (Searchers, or one or them, shall keep the same leal or mark, and with the same shall - fad and mark 'such leather as they shall find sufficient, and no other: (j) and if the said searchers, or any of them, do find any leather fold or offered to be sold, eft brought to be (Searched or facted, which shall be tanned, wrought, converted or used contrary'.to the true intent and meaning of this statute, or any leather infill ficiently curried, or any boots, shoes, bridles, or any other thing made of tanned or curried leather, insufficiently named, curried or wrought, contrary to any provision in this present act, it shall be lawful to the said searchers, or aiw of them, to seize all such leather, shoes or other wares made 01 leather j (4) and to retain the same in their custody, until such titne as-the same be tried by such triers, and in such manner and form, as is hereafter in this statute appointed.

XXXIII. And to the end there may be an indifferent and equal course established for the trying 01 all such leather* boots, shoes, and other wares made of leather, as shall be fetzed by virtue of this act; (2) be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the mayor of the city of London for the time being, within six days after notice to him given of any seizure made of any leather, red and unwrought, within thejurildiction of the said city, or three miles distant from the same, either by the owner or owners, or by the feizers of the said leather, shall elect and appoint fix honest and expect men, whereof there shall be of the better fort of the company of cordwainers of London two, of the better fort of the curriers of London two, and other two of the better fort of tanners using Leaden-ball market, who shall be no kin or of affinity to the £ud owner or owners; (3) who upon their corporal oaths to be taken before the said mayor* shall on the second or third market-day at the (urtheft, to be holden upon the Monday for leather next after the said seizure, in the afternoon of the same day (to the intent the owner or owners may conveniently be present) esquire, straitly examine and try, whether the said leather so seized shall be Sufficient and serviceable, or not, according to the intent and true meaning of this present act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every other mayor, bailiff or other head officer or lord of liberty, or his sufficient deputy, out of the said compass of the said three miles, within whole precinftf or liberties any such seizure of any kind of tanned leather, red or curried, or of any shoes, boots or other wares made of tanned leather, shall happen to be, shall with all convenient speed, after notice unto him. given of any such seizure, appoint fix honest and expect men to try whether

the

1604.] Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. C. 22; 117

the same leather, boots, fliofes dr other wares foieifed, be sufficient and according to the true intent of this statute, or not; the same trial to be made openly upon some market-day, and within fifteen days at the furthest next after such seizure made, upon the oaths of the said triers.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Theforfetau* feid, That if the said mayor of the city of London for the time ofchkf°f* being, or any other mayor, bailiff,; or other head officer of any SSnrtng other city, borough, corporate or market-town, or any lord enen.*of any liberty, fair or market, shall make default in the nomination or appointment of any of the aforesaid triers to be nominated and appointed in focn manner and form as is before oretained; That then every such msyor, bailiff or other head officer, or lord of liberty, fair or market, making such defintk, shall forfeit and lose for every such default five pounds; the one moiety thereof shall be to the King's majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other half to him or them that will sue for the same, in any of the King's majesty's courts of record, by bill, plaint; informationor otherwise: (2) and that the said persons (bektfted and appointed for trial of the said leather, shoes, boots or othgrowares madeiof tanned leather, so'to be seized as aforesaid, shall proceed and do' their duties therein without delay, according to theitrueititent and meaning of this present act;

£5) upon-pain that evsky of them making default therein, shall for every such sevend default; forfeit and pay five pounds.

KXXVI. And be it further enacted, That four of the said The searcher* c^ht fegrcheA and fallen so to be appointed within the said fnd.sea*r?tf dtjtxtf London'as aforesaid, shall beat the end of every year changLiyeart changed.and itaumd, and so many new chosen in their rooms iy in London." and places; (2) and that no person or persons shall remain, ctontioue or be in' the fold office of searching or sealing of leather within the said city of London, above the space of two years together; (3) and ne or they which shall serve or be employed in the said office of searching and sealing of leather two years,

(hull not in the said office be chosen, serve or imployed again, until the end of three years at the least then next following; (4;

Upon pam that every person offending or doing the contrary,

shall forfeit and lose for every month that he shall so contrarily use and exercise the said office, ten pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- Theforfeitur* feid. That if any searcher or fealer of leather shall refuse with of a searcher Convenient speed to seal any leather sufficiently tanned, wrought or fealer omit-and used, according to the true meaning of this present act, or do allow that which shall be insufficient; That then every bribe*., searcher and fealer shall forfeit for every such offence forty (hi!- skin. j66# lings: (2) and further. That if any searcher of leather shall receive any bribe, or exact any other fee for the execution of his feid office than is by this present statute limited, for the searching, sealing and registering of leather, that then every such searcher or fealer so offending shall forfeit for every facts offence twenty pounds: (3) and that if*any person or persons

I j duly

*t$ Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. 6.s«.

[1604.

' duly eLefted according to die type mpapmgpf present act, to and for the execution of the said office dffeerehing or foaling of leather, refuse tp execute the fed office, that then tfco fed person or persons so refilling shall forfeit and pay un1 pounds, pother

XXXVIII. And be it further eaaftfe) by the authority-afore-

i tidf^hiii rod tanned leather which shall be brought into

to be viewed fh$ city of London or within three miles compels from the fajne, wWregiftred. whether it he to be sold, or be bought befor»rband, 'Qg no,

0fel be brought to Ltafan-kaU before it be hoofed in his or thnhr own houfos, and there viewed whether it hath been ftaUclfed or foaled, or no> and foall slip be registred by the frarohen to be appointed as is aforesaidi with half such fees to foe paid for such of the said'tanqed leather as 0*aB be bought out of the said city of Londo* or throe tpilf* cotpptfsfrsm the same, 'and shall be duly fearefoed and faded before it be braughtfeithiir the said city, a* is hereafter exprdfed for leather to be sold in Lmden-hall j (a)upon pain that every person hunting, ar-not bringing his leather so Lwas iseforefed, (fed! forfeit four every hide or ticia Ik shillings eight pence. (j)ft»vid«d. Leather That this article shall npt extend to any leather to be bought tought in in Bdrtbtltmeiv^fair, or Sonthvjnrk-mtfkLfeting foerched, seal-

scho? sSSL ed W!OT#Og*> {*roe

wark market.

XXXIX. And be h «lfo further cnnSfod by the authority - ...aforesaid, That qo tanned leather shall be sold within the city

sealing of lea- London, or three ptifos distant from the same before the same

fopr in pr near have been so arched apd foaled by the starchere and fealers, by London. virtue of this act so be appointed to and for the fenrotriftgand foaling of leather within the fold city and three, miles dtifent from the so*PC> upon pain of forfeiture of all fork tanned leather otherwise fold or the full value thereof..» i

The penalty Xt». Add also be it further enacted, That if any perfi»iwttf for denying of after the said foaft of St. next coming, Wiffidfy

in^of infus-" wthstand or deny any such search to be made, according fothe fof.nt wue*. tenor of this a&es is gforefoid, or will not (lifer the said foreral

mailers and wardens of the jevcral companies of cosdwainere, curriers, girdfors pr fathers or other foarchers so appointed, to enter into his or their hoyfe or houses or other place, to view and foarch at their will and pleasure, all manner of tanned leather and all manner of shoes, boots, mails, (addles, coach-coverings mul harness, and all manner of wares wrought and made or to be wrought and made of leather, end to ferae and carry away all such leather, times and wares as they shall find infoffieieotly tanned, curried of wrought or made of til ftulF; that then all and every such person or persons lb denying and withstanding, and not fulfering the Aid (natters and wardens, and foarchers, pr any of them, so appointed for the time being, to enter and make feafeh, and foize as aforesaid, shall lose and forfeit for every time so denying and withstanding, five pounds. Registring of XfJ. And be it further enacted, That such person and per-, ea]h"so.|" font, as hereafter shall be assigned apd appointed foarchers 2nd the few*"* foalers of tanned leather by virtue-of this act, shall within thereof. the

ir9

1£64.] Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c.aa.

«lw limits and fMrinAs «f every of theft (cardies keep one book or regiftpr, whsaein they shall enter all such bargains as shall be made for leather, hides or flans, by any person or persons, during and by all the tone of the fur or market, being the re-upt&mqoired by the boyar or the (idler, and also the prices of such leather oeoght, and fold, with the names and dwelling places of the fatqwr and foUer; (1) taking fa the foarching, iealing and regiwing of every ten hides, backs or butts of leather, math the imcks, wombs and dtbfnngs, or other pieces or offal out off foam the said backs or butts of leather, of the feRer of stay (utk ten hides, backs or butts of leather so entred, two ftaatfand so after the rate; and for event fix dozen of calves-skins or (heep-stuns, two pence; and or the buyer, after the lame sateand no more, greater, or other sum or futrts of money 40 be paid for (hatching, (iealing or entring of any tanned Icatfaen

XLII. And be it fimher enacted by the authority aforesaid, The penalty That no person or persons shall, after tne&id feast of St. Bartbo- for felling of lomno next coming, foM, exchange, or-pptaway, or cause to t*nned ka* he fold, exchanged or put away, any manner of tanned leather, red and unwnxtght, except he or theywgifter or caofe to be^yegi fired the said tanned leather, and every part and pared Sheasof, and the price thereof} (a) open pain of forfeiture of the value of the leather so (Ud, exchanged or put away, and not f*»stre<h the penalty

XLIII.And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That that it shall not be lawful to or for any person or persons or W<1

to buy any tanned leather before the same shall be searched and giftred-

foaled, nor to carry or cause to be carried out of the firir or

market any leather, till it be regiflred as aforesaid; (2) upon

pain to forfeit the said leather or the value thereof so bought,

and not searched and foaled, or carried away and not registred. The penalty

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any ourrier within the said city of London or three miles omitting his com pale of the same, after the foaft of St. Bartholomew next duty, coming, do curry any leather infuffetendy tanned, or after the foil feast do-not curry such leather as he doth or shall curry, substantially and well, according to the meaning and purport of this act} (2) or if any (hpemaker, cordwainer or cobler within the city of London or three miles compass of the same, after the said foaft of St. Bartholomew next, put any tanned leather into any shoes, boots, bulkins, ft art ops, flippers, pantofles or other things made of tanned leather, which shall not be well and perfeAly tanned according to the purport and true meaning of this «A; (3) or after (he fiud feast do put any curried leather into any boots, buflrins, startops, shoes, flippers, pantofles or other things made of leather, which shall not be weH and fufR- Mod.^Casts m ciently tanned and curried, and also foaled as is aforesaid; (4) or aw 1 s* do make boots, buflrins, shoes, startops, flippers, pantofles or other things made of Engii/htanned leather, in other manner'than is above speofied and oretained: (5) or if any flioemaker,

14 7 fodl«

No felling of wares in London but in open (hop, fair or market.

All cutters leat her in or near London ihaFTbe under leaich.

Who (Kail have the money forfeited by this statute.

i'

Annofercmdo [vi^priiiip] JAcwl gna. X*£°4-fedkr or* other artificer, using cutting: or workingTofi leather' do make any. wares of any tanned deariier mfiifficfeatiyjtapped, or of tanned or cumied leather, being mat fq^icany tamnl and curried as is. aforesaid, (6/)or d not maketbrir warea-bo*-Jonging to their several occupations fuflioentiy andifubflantially: (7) that then every person lb offending shall forfeit for thrcry such several offence or default, the said wares and the just value thereof.

3£LV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no max* per of person or persons shall after the said feast of 61.; Barth* hmtto uttqr or fell, or cause to be uttered or fold, within the said city. of London or within three miles compafeof dip dame, any manner of wares appertaining to the craft or mystery of apy sutificer using cutting of leather, but only in opua (hop. Common fair or market, whereby the ft id wardens may thave the true search of the same; (2) upon pain of forfettfono of all such wares so fold, and ten shillings for every tifhe.'

XLVI. Provided alway, and be it enacted, That all and every person and persons wfratsoever npw being* or that hereafter shall be, free of the fad city of London, of what company Chever, and all foreigners, English, or aliens and (grangers born, dwelling or inhabiting, or which* hereafter shall dwell or ipiiabit, within the city of London or three miles compass of thejame, as. well withm places, privileged as not privileged, using or ex* ercifing any manual occupation of cutting or working e£< lea* ther into made wares, shall be under the: furVeyahd. Starch of the matters and wardens of fijeh companies of the fad cky 6f London, as the artificers commonly using the same spy Aery or occupation, being freemen of the city of London and of the same company, be, touching or concerning only their wares and fluff made of or with leather, in like manner and form as other freemen of the same company be or shall be, (2) and shall contribute and pay to the several matters and wardens of the said several companies for the time being within the said city, as the artificers using the frmp mystery, being freemen of the said city and of the same several companies, shall contribute and pay; the same to be recovered by distress or action of debt, in any of the King's majesty's courts of record; in which no-wager of law for the defendant to be allowed; (3) all which pains, penalties and forfeitures aforesaid, of sums of money aforesaid, (except such pains, penalties and forfeitures, as. are. before, or hereafter by'this act shall otherwise be disposed) shall be divided into three equal parts; pne part whereof shall be to our sovereign lord the King, his heirs and successors, and another part to him or them that shall first sue for the same in any of the courts of record of the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, by action of debt, bill, plaint, information or otherwise; in winch suit no wager of law or efibin shall be admitted or allowed; and the third part thereof shall go to the city, borough, town or lord, or lords of liberties, where the offence shall be committed or done; (4) and all such leather, shoes, boots, bufitins, (lartops, flip*-

pers,

ifio4.] Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c. 22. 121

persjpantofks, ware*, ftuffwd other things whatsoever, made How the ware* of tanned leather for canned leather, which shall be (rifed by virtue of thba^t, and shall be found by the trim to be appoint- forfeited ed as. is aforesaid, or by the mailers and wardens of the sevend London, shall companies aforesaid^ to be mfitfrient, shall be forfeited and bediflxibuted. distnbnted as herpsher fottoweth: That is to fey, fitch leather or duff fofeifed. within the city of London dr within three miles compafe of the same, to be brought to (Md>fe>#ta£*8dMr,; '* there to be prized by indifferent persons, and the value there-.-

of to be divided into three parts; whereof one part to be to -1-the first fetfor and feifors of the said unlawful fluff, and another part- to the use of the chamber of London, and the other part to be distributed to the poor folks, as well being within the new hospital of St. BortbokmevSs in London, as to such poor heniholders as shall be inhabiting within the city of London or the circuit aforesaid, at the discretions of such persons as the mayor of the said city and four aldermen of the same fior the rime bring, shall appoint for the same: (5) and that all such lea- How the ware* therr beats, shoes, (addles, 'wares, fluff and things made of made of tan. or with leather as is aforesaid, which shall be found within any ned leuber other city, borough, town or place within this-realm, out: of the said city of London and three miles compase, infuffipicntly^£ <jjf, wrought, tanned or curried as is aforesaid, and shall be (ended tribute*}, sued tried to be forfeited in manner and form aforesaid, shall he brought to the common hall of every such city, borough and town, ' or to Come convenient and open place; to be appointed by theiordraf the liberty or his deputy, when no common hall is, \.. there to be prized as is aforesaid: (6) one part of the said value -thereof to be disposed unto thfc poor, and in other deeds of charity in those parts, -after the diferotion of the mayors, bailiffs, ' -

headbonoughs, and lords of liberties; another part to be de- riveted to the mayors, bailiffs and other head officers.of any city, borough or town corporate, to the use of the commonalty of such city, borough or town corporate j and where no such officers be, then to the lord or lords of the liberty where any such forfeiture shall be committed, dr feifure bad; and the third part to the feifor or feifors of such leather, fluff or wares infus-ficiently tanned, curried or wrought, as is aforesaid, for his and their paina.

XLVII. Provided always, That no person >to. whom. any Forfeited such unlawful leather or fluff shall be given by this act, shall ware shall not give or fell any such leather or fluff to-any person or persons be sold to him that shall fell the same, upon pain that the buyer shall forfeit that will fell it for every parcel of such unlawful leather or fluff to be sold, con- aSain> tnry to the true meaning of thislaft clause, three shillings-four-pence.

XLVIII. Provided always, That this as, nor any thing -j*hc autho-'therein contained, mall not in any wise be prejudicial or hurt- rity of the ful to the chancdjors, vice-chancellors, proctors, taxors- and officer* «of Ox-scholars, their officers, ministers, ^ffigns or formers, of the |°f'}an^-Cam* uoivejrities of Oxford and Cambridge, or any of (hem, of, for fta^oMea-

or ther referred.

m

What shall be reputed leather.

What officers may inquire of and punhh the offences frrcsaid.

The steward's authority of a manor of the King's.

Dry-currying and firming of leather, and who may use it.

This act shall extend to

Wain.

Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. ca % [1604.

or eoopermng the authority of foarch of turned leather, or anjr of the forfeitures of the same, which they lawfully had or might tare had before the making of this prtKnt ad; so as they do in all things obforve such order in, about, or for fear change, foaling and xtgpftring of leather, as by this act is prescribed and appointed, upon the pain therein contained $ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIX. And for the avoiding of all andhgwties and doubts which mayemd do grow upon the definition and interpretation of this word leather, (a) it is enacted and dedared by these presents, That the hides and skins of ox, fleer, bull, cow, calf, deer tied and failpw, goats and (beep, being tanned or tawed, and every falf hide, is, shall be and ever hath been reputed and taken for leather.

L. And for the better execution of this act, be it forebear enabled, Thyt all justices of assise, justices of gaol-delivery* justices of peace, and Howards >of firanchiles, lcets and law-days, within their fevejal precincts, jurisdictions and liberties* and mayor of London for the time being, within the said city* end within three miles eompafs of the same city, andatt other mayors bailiffe and other head officers of cities, boropghs and towns, within their federal jurisdictions, liberties, precincts, offices and authorities, shall esquire of all the presides m their foffions, ieet or law-day, and hear or determine the same, and also by their dilbretions examine all perfoas suspebbed to offend t jua aft dr any parcel thereof.

LI. And be it further enacted, That where any manor, liberty or fcmehife immediately appertained to the King's majesty, his heirs or successors, the Howard for the time being of every such manor, liberty and franchise, Hull have the like authorities, powers, jumdictions and advantages, and also shall bear and pay all the like pains, penalties and forfeitures,

M are given, appointed, limited or lud by this statute to or upon the lords of liberties and franchiics, as in this Hatute is expressed.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all currying and dressing of leather, commonly called dry-currying and fhzing, shall be condrued to be dressing and currying of the manner of Spanish leather, of what colour soever it be j and that to all artificers (other than shoemakers yearly between the last of September and the twentieth of April) it shall be lawful to use all kinds of leather dressed and curried in that manner of dry-currying and fricing as they lawfully might before the making of this act, so that the same leather so to be used be well and sufficiently tanned, according to the form prescribed in this act, and also well and substantially dressed, curried and firmed* in the manner of dry-currying and frizing abovesaid.

LIII. And be it enacteo by the authority aforesaid, That this act and every part thereof, mall be condrued and adjudged to extend to Wales as amply as it doth to this realm, to all intents constructions and purposes.

16o±.] Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c. 22. 12$

LIV. And forafOuub as tfatwithJIanSvg the laws and great The forfeiture

penalties Inmat behalf provided) great asu leather are

tnonjpertedout of this realm, and effecfal by the negligence »"&

eamptimof Comptrollers, tuftmerss fear chert, and all their transported, paties; belt therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That and nottofeife if any leather wrought, cut, or unwrought, to the intent to be or disclose it. fold or bartered, shall fttreMfer (mfewfolly be transported, or pqrppfed to be transported, into the parte beyond tfee sea, frotn and out of any port, haven pr creek of this realm, or Walts \ every comptroller, customer, surveyor, collector of tonnage and poundage, and itne searchers, and the deputy of any of them, dr any other portions hearing or knowing say any ways of any feather meant to be traftfpertad 6001 any plaice within his odor, and do npt his heft endeavours to firife the same, or being trarrf-parted, de hot disclose or cahfe to be disclosed th# same, within forty days next after such knowfedgror hearing of the same, in foiri* court of rmdnd^so as tfae oflerafermay be punched according.1

to the laws in that case provided, fhajil for every the 'firstoffenee committedagain# this article, forfeit an handled pounds; (j) and for the feeood offence shall alia forfeit his office.

hV: , Apd be. if forther enacted, That every euftomer, officer or Officer's deputy, that shall make any ralfe cerrificateof the arrival of- any leather in any port, creek or place of this ftrnlm, shalll(b forfeit for every such ofom an hundred pounds.

LVI. Provided alsray. That neither this act, nor any article. This act shall exposition or thing the rein- contained, shall extend to any not extend to

Seetijhhitfes to be brought into the town of BertoUk our of the Scot* hide* realm of Scotland, being registred in a book therefore to to

kept by such person or persons as the mayor of the fold town for the time being shall thereunto name and appoint, with foe dame and fiimamo of the buyer and feller, to the intent the

Engkjb hides might be known froth the Scotish; but that the inhabitants of the said town of Berwi may fend, carry and transport such Scotish hides as they lawfully might transport before the making of this act,

LVII. Provided always, and 'be it enacted by the authority Licences to aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time here- dispense with after procure or obtain any grant or letters patents, purporting to give licence or authority to any person or persons to dispense with or tolerate any offence again# any dause, provision or be void, article in this present act, that then and immediately from and after -such letters patents or grant obtained, all and every such dauses, articles and provssions, so by the said letters patents or grant authorized or licenced to be dispensed with or tolerated continued as aforesaid, shall be utterly repealed, void and of no effect; until the end any thing in this present act contained to the contrary in any of the next wise notwithstanding: (1) this act to endure until the end of |'n'on of P*r-the next session of the next parliament. uament.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, a repeal of That as well one statute made in the fifth year of the reign of the statute of our late sovereign lady Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act - JEhz-c-

124 Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. aaj. [*i6

nd of all. earning tanners, curriers, and other artificers occupying cutting of former fta- Uather, as all fprmer statutes, and every part or parts of any

bytlw^fame fortner statute or statutes thereby repealed, shall from hence — .: f forth be utterly repealed for ever. 3 Car. i*c. 4. Continued

until the end of the first session of the next parliament, and farther* continued by xo Car 1. c. 4.

CAP. XXIII.

5 for the better preservation of fishing in the counties cf Somerset, Devon and Cornwal, and for the relief of bulkers, condors and fishermen against malicious fails

To what end WHEREAS the trade of fishing for herrings, pilchards and Jalkcr!>"n' sean-fish, within the counties of Somerset, Devon*and reftor* did" Comwal, is and of late time bath been very great and profitable, as watch upon wll to divers of the fishermen and inhabitants which dwell near the hills in tithing- sea-coafis within the find counties, as in the cities of London and time- Exeter, and elfewbert within the realm ^England and the dominions

thereof: (2) and whereas also for the necessary use of the taking of the said herrings, pilchards and otherfean-fish, dwers per fins within the find counties called baiters, buors, condors, directors or gmdors at the* fishing-times for the fetid herrings, pilchards and otherfean-fish within the said counties time out of mind have ifed to watch and attend upon the high lulls and grounds near adjoining to the sea-coafis within the find'* counties, for the difiovering and giving notice to the fishermen and-'*' inhabitants near adjoining, when the said herrings, pilchards and sean-

fiflrxme towards or near the sea-coafis there, and for the gniding and direfling of the fishermen in their boats upon the sea-coafis for the taking of the said herrings, pilchards and other sean-fish. '

Suits com-

II. And whereas also now of late divers persons having lands, te-

menced a- nements and hereditaments near or adjoining to the sea-coafis within

gainst balkers, tfa fed counties where the fishing places for the taking of the said fifl"ers"for herrings, pilchards and other fian-fish are, have brought their affions entering into tf trejpnfs at the common law, as well in the high courts of record the grounds at Westminster, as in inferior courts within the said counties, not of others. only against such balkers, buors, condors, directors andguiiors, but, > also against such fishermen and other persons, for breaking of their

close, as have attended their feans or nets for the drawing and carrying of the said fifes on land or jbore, and have recovered against them cofes and damages, to their great loss and expences; (2) by nafere whereof, such watchmen, balkers, huors, condors, directors and gmdors, and fetch other persons as heretofore have attended the find feans and fishing, have Jorborn to enter into or go upon the lands, tenements, and hereditaments near adjoining to such fishing places within the said counties, for the watching or diseovery of the said herrings, pilchards and other sean-fish, or to balk, hue, cond or direct, or to attend the feans or nets as heretofore they have done, and will liicwife forbear the same hereafter, if provision be not had and made that they may lawfully enter into and upon such lands, tenements and hereditaments as do lie near or adjoining to the said sea-coajls and places of fishing as aforesaid, for their watching, balk-t ing, aireflhig and attending of the fearn, as is aforesaid:

y6o4>) Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c. 4.' 12 j

III. For remedy whereof, and for the maintenance of the said trade Ballten, con-offishing, which dothfo greatly tend tetbe profit of many of 4" an<*

habitants within the find counties, and others, (a) be it therefore ente^'mtcTthe enacted by our sovereign lord the King, the lords spiritual and ground* of temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament affem- other* to take bled. That it shall and may be lawful at all time and times here* ordiscover after to and for all and every Arab watchmen, balkers, huors, condors, directors and guiaors, and all such fishermen and other persons as shall necessarily attend the said feans or nets, as aforesaid, at the times of filning for herrings, pilchards and 'other sean-fish within the find counties where such fish shall hereafter be taken, to enter and go into and upon any landr,

tenements and hereditaments which do lie or adjoin near unto any such fishing places, and lit, convenient and necessary to watch and Joalkin, or to draw and carry the said fifii on Shore, and there to watch for the said fisti, and to balk, hue, cond, direct and guide the fishermen which shall be upon the said. lea and sea-coasts for the taking of the said fish, and to draw and carry the said fish on land or Shore any law, usage or custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The plea for That, if any action of trespafe or other suit shall at any time*condor, bal-hereafter happen to be attempted and brought aeainst any per- orltr (bn or persons for entring and going on the land for watching Jjf trespafr1* of the said fish, or for balking, huing, conding, directing or brought guiding of the said fishermen in their-boats, uponfca or fear against him. coalls for taking of the said fish, or for the landing of the said fish, as aforesaid, by authority of this present act, the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit shall and may plead'not guilty for any thing doing by virtue of this act: (2}and upon the trial of that issue, the whole matter to be given on both parties in evidence according to the very truth of the same 1

(3) and after such issue tried for the defendant or defendants, or nonsuit of the plaintiff or plaintiffs after appearance, the liune defendant or defendants to recover his or their damages, by reason of his or their wrongful vexation in that behalf, with colls also in that behalf fuftalned 5 (4) and that to be afiefled by the same juiy that shall try the said ifiiie; or else by writ to.esquire of the damages as the case shall require; (5) for which colls and damages such defendant shall and may by virtue of this act take and sue forth such execution as the defendant in a replevin may do.

CAP. XXIV.

An act against the deceitful and false mating of mildernix and powle-davies, whereof sail-clothes for the navy and

other shipping art made.

WHEREAS the clothes called mildernix and, First made in

whereof sail-clothes and other furniture for the navy and France, and flipping art made, were heretofore altogether brought out of Prancester learne<1 6 and

wdpra&ifed in England. 9Gco.ax.37*

Mildemix made in England neither of good fluff, nor well wed.

Who only shall make raildernix or powle-davies.

Of what fluff, coodness, length and breadth, mil-demix and powle-davies null be made.

Anno fircundd [rulgo priitao} JAflott. C14. [1604.

and other parti beyond the seas, and the Jkitt art mating and weaving of the said tiotbes never known or ufodin England* until about tie hoe and thirtieth year of the reign of the late Queen tf famous memory QjteenElizabeth, about and stot,

the forfeit art and find of making and weaving of the said was attained unto, and fit hence prailifed and in thit realm,

te the great benefit and commodity thereof:

II. And whereat of late many of the King's not

trained nor brought up in the find art, nor any ways fittlfw,

have notunthfianding, upon desire of made and, or

(oufed to be made and weaved, ntartf clothes In Uientfs and Jbtw tf mildemix andpowle-davies, but in truth neither made duff at

the hid mildernin and pewit-davits ere and ought te be made of, nor so well driven or weaved, nor yet of that length nor , as the true clothes called mildemix and powle-davies are and ought te be;

(a) Infemuch that the /did clothes do yearly and daily grew werst and Worfi, and are made more thinner, Seighttr and meaner, than heretofore thty have ken, to the great deceit and hurt of all his Highness loving fubfifis that art te use and employ the same about the finis and other furniture of their ships end Jailing vt/ftls, and to the great damage tf hit Highness navy, the chief eft strength of this, {next unto God and his Highness) and time like utterly

to evertbrtw the art dnd trade tf mating cloth tf that kind within this realm j whereupon his Highness said fuhjeiiss as well tit makers as uferstf the find clethts are much hurt and impeverished through the detntfulmfs , unskilfuhufs and ignorance of iht weavers and makers tfthe said slothes.

III. For remedy and redress whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, with the aflertt of the lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no perfob or persona reliant, inhabitant or dwelling within this realm, shall at any time after the first day Of Aisgufl next coming make, weave or cause to be made and weaved, any such doth or clothes for fails, or furniture of ships, at other failing vessels, calied, termed or known by the name or names of

and powle-davies, or any of them, but such ae now do use

the mum, ctany of their servants, or such as shall hereafter be apprentices, and trained and brought up in the trade and art of making of the said clothes by the space of foven years together at theleast, nor shall set any man to work in the making or weaving of any such clothes, being not a workman trained up before the first day of August next coming in the said art and mystery j (2) upon pain that sVery such person offending or doing the contrary, shall forfeit and lose for every default twenty shillings for every month.

IV. And further. That rio person or persons from and after the said first day of August shall make or weave the said clothes of any other fluff than of gdod and sufficient hemp, nor of any left length than three and thirty yards, nor of any kfs breadth than tore* quarters of a yard: (a) nor that the weaver,

or

i64'1 Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. it;

or other person or periefis, shall fell or Offer to (fell any of the said clothes before die fluff be well beaten, scoured, bleached, and the doth well driven with a brafeh or iron (buttle) (3) upon pain that every person offending or doing the contra herein, shall forfeit and lose for every such piece of doth woven, made or fold contrary to thO form of this act, fire shillings.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Who (had That the one moiety of the benefit of all the fbridtaped and have the foe.-penalties in this act contained shall come and be unto the King'k tenure*, most excellent majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof unto such ad Will fiae for the ikmo in any of the King's majesty's courts, by bill, plaint, action of debt, information or otherwise; in which actions, suits, plaints or informations, no wager of law, eflom or protection shall be allowed.

CAP. XXV.

An act for continuing and reviving of divers statutes, and for repealing of some others,

BE it enacted by authority of this present parliament, That sh'£?*.

one act made in the one and twentieth year of the reign of*'c'

the late King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An fee the true making tf cables, baifers and rapes:

II. And that an act made in (he four and twentieth year of Cattle, the reign of the said King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An act*e*

agoing killing ofyoukg beasts tailed weanlings:

III. And that two acts made in the parliament holden at, Westminster by prorogation the fourth day of Aand x','

continued until the first day of February next after, in tile third 3&+Bd.6.e.ii. and fourth years of the reign of the late King Edward the Sixth, the one concerning the buying and selling of rother beasts and cattle > the other intituled, An off for toe baying and felling tf butter and thtefe:

IV. And that one act made in the first year of the reign of Fllh. the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act for pnfervatsm of1 El* c> 17" Jpewn andfry offiflt:

V. And that an act made in the fifth year of the reign of the Merchant*, said late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act for divers s El-«7*

foreign wares made by bandstraftfmm beyond:

VI. And (b much of another act made in the same year, in* Fish. tituled. An act touching certain politick confutations made for the 5 E, iz- c. 5-maintenance tf the navy, as is not repealed by any later statute nor doth concern the transportation of herring or other seafish, nor fireedom of custom, subsidy or tonnage for the same, nor transportation of com j together with all and every other additions, explanations and alterations made thereunto or thereof, or of any part thereof, by any statute or statutes made fithenoe the making of the said last mentioned act, and now (landing in force:

VII. And t&at an act made in the eighth year of the reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act for and* c', 9'

the prices of bows:

ta8 Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c. 25. {1C04.Z

Purveyor*.

VIII. And that three acts made in the thirteenth year of* her late Majesty's Deign: one, intituled, act that purveyors

persons.

*3 £1. c, Lcafei.

13 El.

zo.

flwy take grain* cent and victuals, within five miles of Cambridge and Oxford, /« certain cases; (a) another, An act againstfraudsdefleat-remedies for dilapidations; (3) the third, An act touching leases.benefices and other ecdsfaJUcal livings with cure, together with

*8 Eli" C'X!' and every explanations, additions and alterations thereof, or

4.3 Eliz. c. 9* "J of them, or to any of them, made by feveraf statutes of the fourteenth, eighteenth and three and fortieth years of her said late Majesty's reign:

Ways.

IX. And that an act made in the eighteenth year of

18 Eliz. c. 20. her said Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the repairing and amending of bridges and highways near unto the city of Oxford:

X. And fi> much of one other act made the same eighteenth year, intituled, An act for setting the poor on work, and avoiding of ialenefsy as concerneth baftaras begotten out of lawful matrimony:

XL. And that two acts made in the seven and twentieth year of her said Majesty's reign, the one intituled, An act for the good government of the city or borough of Westminster; (a) the other. An act for reviving a former fatute for true making of malt; (3) Corn.'together also with an act made in the nine and thirtieth year of 39 Etiz. c.ji6. her said Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to refrain the exceffwe making of malt 5 (4) and a third act made in the said seven and

Poor.

18 Elk. c. 3.

FYanchises.

27 Eliz. net fritted*

Corn.

27 Eliz, c. 14.

Measures.

31 Eliz. c. 8. rranchife.

32 Eliz. not printed.

Pope.

Eliz. c. z.

27 z. c. 24. twentieth year of her said Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for keeping the sea-banls and sea-works in the county of Norfolk:

XII. And two acts made in the one and thirtieth year of her said Majesty's reign; the one intituled, An act for the true gaging of vessels brought from beyond the seas, converted by brewers for the utterance and Jale of ale and beer; (2) the other. An act for reviving and enlarging of a statute made in the three and twentieth year of her said Majests reign, for the relief of the city of Lincoln:

XIII. And that three acts made in the five aitd thirtieth year of her said Majesty's reign; one intituled, An act to retain the ghteetfs majesfs fvbjefts in their due obedience; (2) another for reformation of sundry abuses in clothes called Devonshire kerftes or dozens, according to a proclamation of the four, and thirtieth year of her said Majests reign; (3) the third. An act for the bringing in of clap-board from the parts of beyond the seas, and the refraining of the transporting of wine-cask, for the sparing and preserving of Umber within the realm:

XIV. And the several acts hereafter mentioned, made in the nine and thirtieth year of her said Majesty's reign, that is to say, an act intituled, An act againf the decaying of towns, and houses of husbandry;

XV. An act, intituled, An act for the maintenance of husbandry and tillage; together with such explanations and provisions as

there-

35 Eliz. c. zo. Merchants.

35 Eliz. C. 1Z,

Huftxmdry. 39 Eliz. c. 1.

Husbandry. 39 Eliz. c. 2. 43 Eliz. c. 9.

129

1604.] Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c. 25.

thereunto are added by the statute made in the three and fortieth year of her said Majesty's reign:

XVI. An a dk, intituled, An act for the increase of mariners, and Fife. for maintenance of the navigation, repealing a former a dk made in 3? Elir. c. 10. the three and twentieth year of her said Majesty's reign, bearing

the same title:3 7*

XVII. An act, intituled, An act for explanation of the fila- Apprentice.

tute made in the fifth year of her said Majesiifs reign, concerning 39 EH*-c* labourers: 5 E , z> c*

XVIII. An adk, intituled, * ad prohibiting the bringing into Drapery.

/A/V realm of foreign cards for wool: 39 Eliz. c. 14.

XIX. An adk, intituled, An act against lewd and wandering per- Poor.

fonsr pretending to be foldiets or mariners: 39*>7*

XX. An adk, intituled, An act for the punishment of roguls, Peon

vagabonds and Jhirdy beggars, (2) with this provision to be an- 39 Elre* nexed thereunto by authority of this present parliament, That7*

the said last mentioned adk, nor any thing therein contained,

shall impeach, avoid, prejudice or redrain such liberty and inheritance of John Dutton of Dutton in the county of Chester, esq; and his ancestors, whose heir he is, have lawfully used and exercised, in allowing minstrels in the county palatine and county of the city or Chefief, and for government Of minstrels there, and keeping a court yearly for that purpose.

XXI. And that the several adks hereafter mentioned, made Poor.

in the three and fortieth year of the reign of the said late Queen 43c. 3; Elizabeth, that is to say, an adk, intituled, An act for the necessary relief of soldiers and mariners;

XXII. An adk, intituled, An act to avoid trifling and Suits. frivolous fiats in law in her Majesty's courts at Westmin- 43 c*

filer*

XXIII. An adk, intituled, An act for the relief of the poor; poor, with this addition, viz. be it enacted, That all persons, to 43 Eliz. c. s< whom the overseers of the poor shall, according to this adk,

bind any children apprentices, may take and receive, and keep them as apprentices; any former statute to the contrary notwithstanding;

XXIV. An adk, intituled, An act for the true shaking and Drapciy.

working of woolen clothes; (2) an adk, intituled, An act ft 43 Eliz. c. so.' prevent perjury and subornation of perjury, and unnecefifary ex- Certiorari. fences in suits in law; (3) shall be continued and remain^\\theafore-in force until the end or the first session of the next par- raid statutes liament. continued un-

XXV. Provided nevertheless, That so much of every of the said adks as by any new adk made in this session of^j^1011 parliament, shall be altered or repealed, shall stand dif- parliament, continued. EXP.

XXVI. Provided alfo3 and be it further enacted by the au- Gj* thority of this present parliament, That when the prices of corns or grains exceed not the rates hereafter following, at the poned. times, havens and places, where and when the same corn or Altered by

Vol.VII. K grain

1. C. If.

The King's custom and poundage of com trans. ported.

Cora.

130 Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c. 25. [1604.

3 Jac. t.c. 11. grain shall be shipped or loacted, viz. The quarter of wheat at fix and twenty shillings eight pence; the quarter of rye, 1 W&M. flat. an<* beans at fifteen shillings; the quarter of barley or malt, at fourteen shillings of current Engttjb money; that then it shall be lawful for all and every person and persons, being subjects of the King's majesty, his heirs or successors, to transport of his own, (2) and to buy and transport any of the said corns and grains unto any parts beyond the seas in amity with his Majesty, to fell as merchandize, in ships, crayers or other vessels, whereof any English born subject or subjects then shall be the owner or owners; any law, usage or statute to the contrary hereof notwithstanding: and that the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, shall have and receive by the customers and officers of his ports, for the custom or poundage of every quarter of wheat to be transported by force of this statute, two shillings; of every quarter of other grain, sixteen-pence: which said several Aims (o to be had and taken as custom or poundage, to be in full satisfaction of a]l manner of custom or poundage for the said corn or grain, by any constitution, order, statute, law or custom heretofore made, used or taken, for transporting of any such manner of corn or grain.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority of this present parliament, That the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, may at all times by his and their writ of proclamation, to be published generally in the whole realm, or in any of the counties of the realm where any port-towns are, command, that no person shall by virtue of this act transport or convey any manner of grain out of his Highness dominions generally, or out of any special ports, to be in the same proclamation particularly named, for such time as shall be therein limited and appointed: (2) and it shall not be lawful for any person to carry out any such grain, contrary to the tenor or the same proclamation, upon such pains and forfeitures as by the laws and statutes of this realm are and have been provided and ordained in that behalf; this act or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

aXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no person or persons shall incur any penalty for want of length, breadth or weight of JVelfl) cottons, under the price of fifteen-pence the yard, or two shillings the goad, so as they be not mixt with hair or other deceitful fluff; (2) nor for any others above that price, except they be mixt as aforesaid, or shall (brink above the rate of half a yard in twelve yards of length, or weigh less than fourteen ounces the yard, or hold not full three quarters of a yard broad.

XXIX. And also be it enacted, That an act made in the fifth year of the reign of the said late Queen Eliza-tftb9 for punishment of perjury, shall be revived and continued

Drapery. forfarther frovisions relating hereto, fee 3 Jac. i. c. 17.

Oath.

5 Eliz. c. 9.

1604.] Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c. 25. 131

tinued until the end of the first session of the next parliament.

21 Jac. 1. c. 28. f. 8.

XXX. And that one act made in the fourteenth year of First-fruit*. the reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act a-14 Eli*-c. 7* gainjl the deceit of under-collectors of the tenths and subsidies of the clergy:

XXXI. And one other act made in the seven and twentieth Accountant, year of the reign of the said late Queen, intituled, An act for7 Eljz. c. 3. the explanation of the fatute made in the thirteenth year of the

reign of the said late §>ueen, intituled, An act to make the lands, tenements, goods and chattels of teliers, receivers, &c. liable to the payment of their debts; (2) shall from the end of this present session of parliament be revived and (land in force; any repeal heretofore made thereof, or of any of them, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And that so much of one act made in the fourteenth Poor, year of the reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An i+Eliz. c.

act for the punishment of vagabonds, and for the relief of the poor and impotent, as concerneth the taxing, rating, levying, receiving and employing of gaol money, shall be revived from henceforth, and Hand and continue until the end of the first session of the next parliament.

XXXIII. And be it also further enacted by the authority Sewen. aforesaid, That the statute made in the seven and twentieth year of the said Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act for the maintenance of the pier and cob of Lyme-Regis in the county of Dorset, shall be continued and (land in force and strength for and during the space of ten years next ensuing the first day of this present parliament, and from thence to the end of the next session of parliament.

[Sanctuaries extinct.]

XXXIV. And be it also enacted by the authority of this present parliament, That so much of all statutes as concerneth abjured persons and sanctuaries, or ordering or governing of persons abjured, or in sanctuaries, made before the five and thirtieth year of the late Queen Elizabeth's reign, shall also stand repealed and be void.

XXXV. And also that an act made in the two and /vpparel. twentieth year of the reign of King Edward the Fourth , 2 Ed. 4. c, 5. against fulling of hats, bonnets and caps in fulling-

mills:

XXXVI. And an act made in the third year of King Henry Apparel,

the Eighth, intituled, An act concerning the making of caps and*8* c* x5*

hats:

XXXVII. And an act made in the one and twentieth year Apparel, of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An act limiting the price of*'* c« 9« bats and caps brought from beyond the seas:

XXXVIII. And an act made in the seventh year of King Ed- Apparel, ward the Sixth, intituled, An act for the true fulling and thicking of 7 Ed# 6*c* caps:

XXXIX. And an act made in the first year of Queen Mary, in- Apparel,

tituled. An act for thefade of hats and caps made beyond the fca: 1

K 2 XL. An

Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c. 25. £i<k>4;

XL. An act made in the fourth year of King Henry the Fifth, That patten-makers should make no pattens nor clogs of timber called afp, together with an act made in the fourth year of King Edward the Fourth, That patten-makers might make pattens or clogs of such pieces of timber called afp, as was not convenient or sufficient for (hafts:

XLI. And an act made in the fifteenth year of King Richard c R. c. n. the Second, touching girdlers gamishing their girdles with white metal:

XLII. And an act made in the fifth year of King Edward the Sixth* intituled, An act against pedlars and tinkers:

XLIII. And so much of an act made in the seventh year of the reign of the said King Edward the Sixth, intituled, An act made to avoid the great and excessive prices of wines, as doth concern the felling of wine at certaintrices, or forbidding or refraining the having of wines in mens houses:

XLIV. And an act made in the fourth year of King Edward the Fourth, That no stranger or alien should buy any English horns unwrought, and that the wardens of the homers should have power to search all manner of wares pertaining to their my f-tery in London, and four and twenty miles on every side of it: In part revived by 7 Jac. 1. r. 14.

Apparel.

XLV. And that an act made in the four and twentieth year

*+H. 8. c. 13. of the late King Henry the Eighth for reformation in excels of x&xPh.&M. apparel j together with another act bearing the same title, made

132

Wood.

tar*

4 Ed. 4. c. 9.

Metal.

Poor.

5 & 6 Ed. 6. c. xi.

Wine,

7 Ed. 6. c. 5.

Trades.

4 Ed. 4. c,

c. x.

All statutes that concern apparel repealed.

3 lnft. 199. Wars

in the first and second years of the reign of the late King Philip and Queen Mary, and all other acts heretofore made concerning apparel:

XLVI. And an act made in the fourth and fifth years of the late King Philip and Queen Mary, for the having and keeping of 4^5 Ph. &M. horse, armour and weapon:

XLVII. And a statute made in the fifth year of the reign of our late sovereign lady Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act touching tanners, curriers, Jboemakers and other artificers occupying the cutting of leather: (2) shall likewise henceforth be repealed and void.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority of this present parliament. That an act made in the first year of the reign of Queen Mary, intituled, An act for the repeal of certain statutes made in the time of King Edward the Sixth, shall stand repealed and void.

XLIX. And that an act made in the session of parliament holden upon prorogation ox Westminster the fourth day of November in the second year of the reign of the late King Edward the Sixth, and there continued and kept to the fourteenth day of March in the third year of the said late King's reign, intituled, An act to take away all positive laws madeagainfi the marriage of priefis:

L. And an act made in the session of parliament holden i upon

C. X.

Leather.

5 Eliz. c. 9.

Continuance. 1 M. fess. x. c. x.

The 15 last statutes repealed.

Marriage of priests. x & 3 Ed. 6.

«.XI.

ecclesiastical

1604.] Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c. 26. 133

upon prorogation at Westminster the three and twentieth day of P^fons. January in the fifth year of the reign of the said King Edward J26 the Sixth, and there continued and kept until the fifteenth day p^rtuaL of April in the sixth year of his reign, intituled, An act made for declaration of a statute made for the marriage ofprieJlsy and for the legitimation of weir children; (2) shall stand revived, and be in force for ever, the said act of repeal notwithstanding: (3) and the children of ecclesiatical persons in the said act men- The cfaildrea tioned, shall be and continue legitimate and inheritable to all of ecclesiasti-intents and purposes, in such fort as children of lay persons do ?\P5^?n#. enjoy and may inheritj any canon orponditution to the contrary notwithstanding.; heritable.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for the continuance and due observation of certain orders for the exchequer, first set down and established by virtue of a privy feat from the late Sheets Elizabeth.

TV/T OST humbly pray your excellent Majesty, your most loving A confirma-

IVJL and faithful subjects the lords spiritual and temporal, and the bon of certain

commons^ in this present parliament affemUed, That whereas the late

Queen Elizabeth in the thirteenth year of her happy reign, out

her princely grace and meer motion, by her gracious privy leal, to the -

then lord treasurer, chancellor and barons of her Majesty's exchequer

dire fled) did authorize and command them to set down and establish

certain orders touching the awarding of process, discharge without

pleading) discharge of ifjues, and the rates of fees within the office of the lord treasurer's remembrancer in the exchequer: by virtue of

which her royal commandment, upon grave deliberation) and with the

privity and consent of her Majesty's then learned council thereunto

calied, divers orders, being most honourable and agreeable to just

ttce) were conceived and established\ which orders be to this bill annexed:

II. May it please your most excellent Majesty, for the efta- blishment, i continuance and furtherance of her said Majesty's then most gracious intention, and of your Majesty's most abundant grace and favourable inclination to the good and ease of your Highness subjects, that it may be enacted, and by the authority of this present parliament, be it enacted by the Certain iffiics King's pnoft excellent Majesty, with the assent of the lords fpi- forfeited shall ritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament be remitted, assembled. That all manner of issues loft and forfeited, or hereafter to be loft and forfeited, which by the true intent of the same late Queen's most gracious privy feat, and the said orders hereunto annexed, ought to be remitted and discharged against her said Majesty, be, and at all times for ever hereafter shall be acordingly, by virtue of this present act, clearly discharged and acquitted against your Majesty, your heirs and successors.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The forfeiture That if the lord treasurer's remembrancer for the time being, of Iiiim that or any of his clerks, shall from and after the last day of pffcn<*con'

K 3 this

*34' Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c-26. [1604.

trary to the this present session of parliament award any process, exact laid order*. any p]eacting, or take any fees, or otherwise in any point demean him or themselves contrary to the true meaning of any the said orders, that then for every such offence which the said lord treasurer's remembrancer or his deputy, or any of his or their clerks shall commit, the person so offending, (2} or in case any such person so offending be unable to satisfy, the said lord treasurer's remembrancer himself, shall forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds; (3) whereof the one moiety to be to your Majesty, your heirs and successors, and the other moiety to the party grieyed, to be sued for within two years of the offence committed, by action of debt. Bill, -plaint or information, in any your Majesty's courts of record at W'eflmin-filer \ wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law or privilege shall be allowed.

The orders IV. The orders set down for respect of homage, by the right for respect of honourable Sir William Cecil, of the honourable order of the gar-on*a*c' Ur, inight, baron of Burghley, lord treafunr of England, and

master of the court of wards and liveries. Sir Walter Mildmay knight, chancellor and vice-treasurer of her Highness court of the exchequer, Sir Edward Saunders knight, lord chief baron of the said court, and other the barons of the same, calling unto them Gilbert Gerrard esq\ her Majesty's attorney general, and Thomas Bromley esq\ her Highness jblicitor general, and made the fifteenth day of June in the year of our Lord God one thousand five hundred threescore and thirteen, and in the fifteenth year of the reign of our fevereign Lady Elizabeth, by the grace of God, Sjhceen of England, France and Ireland, defender of the faith. See. according to her Majesty's privy seal to the said treasurer and barons in that behalf dir ested, and witneJJ'ed under their hands as followeth:

Fines (treated.VFir/i, That no process, Adfaciend. Homagium&fidelitatem,r out of the Ad faciend. fidelitatem, or any writ of feire facias, capias ordistress, common pleas* from thefinesflreated out of the court of common pleas, shall go out of tin ar.a. c.»4. freasurer's remembrancer's office upon any supposal, upon pain by former laws and fatutes limited, and by the orders of the said court in that case provided, but upon a good and just ground; (2) and the same shall be vouched in every of the said proceffies according to the book, term, year, roll and record thereof, that it may be certainly found: (3) and yet if by any known record remaining in that office it may appear the same tenure have been traversed, then the said proceffies to be discharged by the said troverfe without pleading. process upon VI. 2. Upon the Jlreat of the original of the chancery, of the first the first (treat grants of any lands or tenements holden in chief, or by knights-service, of the 01 igi- or focoge in chief, or of any licence of alienation, pardon of alienation, ouster le main, general or special livery, or inrolment of any of them, process shall be made only for the service due thereupon, (2) and the parties upon the same shall be admitted without pleacting, as it hath been accustomed, to make their fine for respect of homage, or to do their fealty forthwith, whensoever they will appear, and pray to be received for the same, paying the charges of their said fine, as lxreafttr is appointed.

VII. 3. Where

1604O Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c. 26. 135

VII. 3. Where the first tenant in any such writ from the said Upona writ original or fitch enrolment is returned by the fieriff, mort or nihil

habety then shall go out according to the ancient course of the said ov , itu babet. % court y a distring. tenent. against the tenants of the same land, to the Jbtriffy to do their service due to the King, and to Jbew their entry in-to tht famei (2) who returning the name of the tenant of the lands in the writ, there shall go process then every termagainjl the said new tenants to do their said service, and cdfo to Jbew their entry, and they to lose iffttts thereupon, until they come in, and make their fine for respeff of homage or fealty, or do their fealty upon the same, according to the ancient course of the exchequer.

VIII. 4. To avoid the charges ofpleacting, upon Shewing of any man's A mean to a-entry, it shall be lawful for every person that by force of any licence of void the alienation doth come to any lands or tenements holden in chief, assured cl^r65 of.

to him in fee-simple, fee-tail general or special, or for term of life, by certain cases. any manner of conveyance in law from the party in the first original or the enrolment of the same, to bring the same licence andconveyance to the said treasurer's remembaneer, and thereupon the said barons of the exchequer, or the said treasurer's remembrancer, finding the said licence of alienation to be good and agreeable to the* assurance thereupon made, and Likewise agreeable to and from the said original, and from and with all the vouchers of the same, the patty to whom such licence of alienation'is made, shall be received to inrol the said licence only, and to, make his Inrolling a li-fine thereupon for respect of homage, without any further pleacting, or or wfter other Shewing of his title for the same: (2).and lihewife whojoever U maltUm shall enter into any lands by livery general, special, or ouster le main, bringing the some and the schedule of his livery with him, he shall be received to like inrolment, and making of his fine without any pleading.

IX. 5* Ltkewtfe whoso that hath a licence of alienation of lands A licence of and tenements holden in chief, which thereby are assured unto him by alienation of fine, the same person may also bring in his said licence and assurance 5"*-thereupon, to be examined as before in the fourth article is mentioned, y

and the same agreeing together, and also agreeing from and with the original, and from and with the vouchers of the same, then the party to be discharged without pleading.

X. 6. Where any writ of reversim shall be made upon any record Writofrever* for lands or tenements wherein the prince is in reversion, if it do appear

by any sufficient matter of record within the court, that the grant or record whereupon the said writ of reversion is made, is clearly avoided or determined\ in such case the party upon Shewing forth of such record,

shall be disehargea without pleading.

XI. 7. Where there be two manors or more, or other lands and te- Manors of the nements, of one name in one county, and the one holden of the prince in same name in chief, or by knight* s service, and the other not, in such cases where the onc county. matter shall so appear of record, the party that hath the manor or lands

Jo not holden, shall he discharged of the process without pleacting, and the tjfues thereupon loft, to be saved.

XII. 8. The tjfues lojl by her Majesty's subjects, which her High- which be the

ness of her gracious favour and goodriefs hath appointed by her Majesty's issues loft that privy seal to be disebarged, be as followeth, viz. stall he dil-

' k4 xih.

ward within age.

The committees of

136 Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. ch6. [1604.

Some return- XIII. All issues loft and to be loft, upon any that are or shall be re-

\d dena?Sh^turned tenants of lands which they have not, shall be now discharged, they have not though they have other lands within the shire 5 that could not so have been before the said privy seal was granted.

Idues loft upon XIV. All issues hft or to be loft upon any heirs or ward being within heir or in age, or in custody, or committed to any, shall be now as before discharged, that were wont to remain while the heir come to full age.

XV. All issues loft or to be loft upon the committees of am wards

________ lands by lease, as returned tenant thereof shall be now discharged,

wards by ieafe. that otherwise should have been paid by the said committees, if they had any lands or tenements, goods or chattels within the said county.

Lands in the XVI. All issues loft or to be loft upon any lands in the Sfyeeris ma-Queen's hand jeftfs hands, by extent or otherwise, shall be now discharged, that other-by extent. w/fe cou\g not have been by the course of the court.

Iff 1 ft b XVII. All issues loft or to be loft upon the farmers and tenants of tenants* for^ anj ^atl's for y*ar5>or at % shall be now discharged, that were life, years, or wont to pay them being returned tenants thereof by the Sheriffs, if they at will. bad any lands or goods within the shire.

Lands of te- XVIII. All issues loft or to be loft upon tenants of lands in chief by nants in chief, extent, shall be rlow as afore discharged, and ctuld not so have been before, but were always leviable upon the lands.

XIX. All issues loft or to be loft by sundry other vexations, as well by untrue returns and mifreturns of sheriffs and under-sheriffs, shall or may be discharged, moderated or otherwise ordered, as the court shall think meet, that Were infinite'before, and could not be discharged, but the party urns driven to take his remedy against the sheriff.

Lands holden XX. All tffucs loft or to be loft upon any former grant of lands and in chief, and tenements in chief, that are afterwards given not to be holden in chief, after by ano- shall be now discharged by this privy seal, and could no way have been ther tenure, remitted, until the second grant had been laid and pleaded.

XXI. All issues loft or to be loft by any person returned in any jury in the exchequer, or in any attaint or jury in the King's bench or common pleas at Westminster, or in any jury before the justices of afftze in any court within the realm, which at the time of their appearance appointed, were beyond fca in her Majestfs fervue1, or by special licence in writings or were or shall be in prtfon, or in ordinary of her Majestfs chamber or houshold, and bound to their personal attendance there, shall be now discharged clear, that before could by no meqns be bolpen.

Iffyes toft by the AieriflF's vexation.

Issues loft by jurors.

XXII. Rata finium pro homag. tenent. Dominae Reginae per*unum annum integrum respectcuand. cum feod. Remeniorat. Thefaur. & pro intrac. finium cum record, inde fail, ac prq feod. attorn, pro eodem anno integro exhibit, parliament.

1604.] Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c. 26.

*37

Valor ter- Fines re- Feod. Rem. Pro. in* Pro feod.

raruxn. gin*- Thef. trac. Attorn.

A -

Li. Li. s. d. d. -1, d-

A C.ad. lx. X. XX. iv. By tome xl.

Li. Li. marc. d. d. d.

Alx.adxxx. dim. XX. iv. By some xx.

Li. Li. s. d. d.

Axxx.adxx.v. xx. iv. By fbme nil*

T Li. Li. d. d. d.

Axx.adxv. xl. XX. iv. s.

Li. Li. A xv. ad.x.

li

ii.

d.

xx.

d. iv.

Li. marc. d. d. - ' a.

Ax.ad.x. XX. XX.

marc. s.*d. d. d.

Ax. ad C. xii. xii. iv.

s. 8. d. d. d.

AC. ad lx. viii. viii. iv.

s. d.' " d. d.

A lx. & infr. iv. iv. iv.

By forae voluntary annuities for all matters.

i.

xx.

s.

xiii.

s.

X.

s.

vi.

s.

V.

d.

iv.

d.

viil.

These never lose issues, but have their fines paid, whether they come or come not.

XXIII. Item, That the said fines shall be paid after the said rate exhibited Jo the parliament house, and not others wife.

(2) According to the said treasurer's remembrancer's own offer, for -

himselfand the clerks of his office, it is ordered, that he himjelf shall yby*pay every subjects charges, as by the court of exchequer shall be set writ upon a and ordered, that shall be vexed by any writ upon a Jupposal, and not supposal. upon a good and iujl ground vouched and set down in every writ, as before it declared.

XXIV. The clerks of the said treasurer's remembrancer's office Issues loft af* shall pay all issues that any of her Majesty's subjects shall lose, ter the ordi-after he hath paid his ordinary fine for respect of homage to any

of them for any lands or tenements, and so may be proved by any of homage. their acquittances, W. Burleigh, Walter Myldemaie, Edward Sanders, George Fnevile, John Birche. Ex. per G. Gerrard,

Thomas Bromley. Ex. per John Ofbourne, decimo septimo Novemb. 1601.

XXV. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted by Process

the authority aforesaid, if in case it shall be thought fit, for warded for the the true knowledge and preservation of the tenures appertain- preservation ing to the crown, and so ordered in the open court of exche- thecrovlm* 'quer.

138 Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c. 27- [1604.

quer, that process should issue out of the said court against any. That in every such oafe the said treasurer's remembrancer, or any his clerks, may send out the said process without incurring, any the penalties of this act: in which case, no such tenure appearing to the court, the party shall be clearly difuuded without, any manner of pleading or paying any fees at all.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for the better execution of the intent and meaning of former statutes made against /hooting in guns* and for the preservation of the game of pheasants and partridges* and against the defraying of bares with hare-pipes* and tracing bares in the /now.

Penalties far T? ORASMUCH as there be divers good and necessary laws destroying of J?'and statutes which do infliSi and impose dfuers great and heavy Phca?"lt8» penalties* punishments and forfeitures upon such as should with

p?geons^hare$. and neis* cross-bows* or other instruments or engines* spoil

13 R. a. stat.i. or destroy the game of pheasants* partridges* bearn* mallard* and c. tv such like* and upon such as Mi or destroy hares with hare-pipes* u H. 7. c. 17, corgs vr agings^ or should kill any hare by tracing and ceurf-3* H. j. c. V.* t^em wlt^ d°£sn the snow: (2) and nevertheless of late years* 5 El. c. si. the several games above mentioned have been more excejftvety and3 El. c. 10. outragiously/polled and defrayed* than hath been in former ages, 3 Jac. 1. c. 13. facially ty the vulgar fort, and men of small worth* making a trade 13 cari.Vat! an* a Kving of the /polling and destroying of the said games* who are i. c. 10.'not ofsufficiency to pay the said penalties in the said statutes mentioned*

a» &3 Car. nor to answer the costs and charges of any that should inform and pro- Ann5 c ftcute against them in any of his said Majestfs courts of record at9 Ann. c. I5! Westminster, upon any of the said penal laws and statutes; (3) by 3 Geo. i.e.ix. reason whereoffew fitits have been attempted upon the said laws, and % Geo. i. c. 19. for the said forfeitures, whereby the good thereby meant and hoped hath not fiteeeeied* and thereby great scarcity of the said games in all* or in the most parts of this realm, hath followed* and presently is, and so is like to be* ifform remedy be not in that behalf provided:

II. Be it therefore enacted by the authority of this present parliament, That all and every person and persons, which from and after the first day of August next following shall shoot at* kill or destroy with any gun, cross-bow, ftohe-bow or longbow, any pheasant, partridge, house-dove or pigeon, hearn, maliard, duck, teal, widgeon, grouse, heathcock, moregame, or any such fowl, or any hare; (2) or after the said first day of August shall take, kill or destroy any pheasant, partridge, house-dbve or pigeon, with setting-dogs and nets, or with any manner of nets, snares, engines or instruments whatsoever; or shall take the eggs of any pheasant, partridge or swans out of the nests, or willingly break, spoil or destroy thef same in the nest (3) or after the said first day of August shall trace or course any hares in the (how, or at any time take or destroy any hares with ?ny hare-pipes, cords, or with any such instruments or other

139

1604.] Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c. 27.

engines: (4) and the same offence or offences being proved, by the confeiuon of the party, or by the testimony of two sufficient witnesses upon oath before two or more justices of peace of the same county, city or town corporate, wherein the offence shall be committed, or the party offending apprehended, shall be by sufficient.* the said justices of peace, for every such offence committed to 7 jac. 1. c.u. the common gaol of the said county, city or town corporate,* where the offence shall be committed, or the parties apprehended, there to remain for three months without bail or main-prise, unless that the said offender do or shall forthwith upon the said conviction, pay or cause to be paid, to the churchwardens of the said parish where the said offence shall be committed, or the party apprehended, to the use of the poor of the said parish, the sum of twenty shillings for every pheasant, partridge, house-dove, pigeon, hearn, maliard, duck, teal, wid-geon, grouse, heathcock, moregame or any such fowl, and for every egg of pheasant, partridge* or swans, and for every hare, which any and every such person and persons so offending and convicted as aforesaid, shall take, kill or willingly destroy, contrary to the true purport and true meaning of this statute;

(5) or after one month after his commitment, together with two sufficient sureties, become bound by recognizance in the sum of twenty pounds a-piece to the King's majesty's use, his heirs and successors, with condition that he the said party so offending shall not at any time thereafter shoot at, kill, take or destroy any of the said games before-mentioned, by any of the means aforesaid: (6J which said recognizances shall be taken by any two or more justices of peace of the said county, city or town corporate, where the offender shall be so imprisoned as aforesaid, and shall be returned to the then next quarter- sessions, and there to remain of record as other recognizances taken for the peace.

III. And for reservation of deer, hares and other TtU5 -.1*-

the games aforeli^rther enacted by the authority afore- for keeping a

said. That all and every person and persons which from or af- greyhound, ter the said first day of August shall have or keep any greyhound. for coursing of deer or hare, or setting-dog or dogs, (2) or net ke phea-° or nets, to take pheasants or partridges, (5) except such person fants, &c. or persons which shall be seised in their own right or in the right of their wives, of lands, tenements or hereditaments, of the clear yearly value of ten pounds by the year or more, over and above all charges and reprises, of some estate of inheritance;

(4) or of lands, tenements or hereditaments in his own right or in right of his wife, for term of life or lives, of the yearly value of thirty pounds over and above all charges and reprises;

(5) or be poiiefs'd of goods or chattels to the lull value of two hundred pounds to his own use; (6) or be the son or sons of any knight, or of any baron of parliament, or of some person of higher degree, or the son and heir apparent of any esquire;

(7) and being thereof convicted as aforesaid, shall by the said justices of the peace be committed and imprisoned in manner and form as in and by this present act before is expressed.

specified

The penalty for selling or buying to fell again deer, hare, partridge or pheasant.

No pu moment by any former law where it is inflicted by this.

Which officers may hear and determine these offences.

Who may take pheasants and partridges with nets, and when. Repialtd fy 7 Jac. c. zi.

t 6.

Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c. 27. [1604.

specified and declared: except such person and persons so offending and thereof convicted as aforesaid, do forthwith pay or cause to be paid to the churchwardens of the said partfh where the said offence shall be committed, or the party apprehended, to the use of the poor of the said parish, the sum of forty shillings of good and lawful money of England.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person and persons which at any time after the said first day of August shall fell or buy to fell again, any deer, hare, partridge or pheasant, (except partridge and pheafantsr reared and brought up in house or houses, 6r brought from beyond the seas) shall forfeit for every deer so bought and sold forty shillings, for every hare ten millings, and for every partridge ten shillings, and for every pheasant so to be bought and sold twenty shillings: (2) of all which forfeitures the one moiety shall be to him or them that will sue for the same by bill, in-didhnent or information, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish where the said offence or offences shall be committed,

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons shall or may after the said first day of August be punished by force of arty fprmer statute or jaw, for any of the said offences for which by force of this law any punishment shall be inflilted: (2) and that all justices of assize in their several circuits, and al) justices of the peace in their general quarter-sessions, and any two justices of peace or more together out of any sessions, shall and may by force of this present act have foil power and authority to examine, hear, punish and determine all offepces to be committed against this present statute, and to administer oaths as aforesaid, and perform and execute all and every act and thing fit or requisite for the due execution of this present a

VI. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for every person or persons which have or shall have free warren, and to and for every lord of a manor, and to every freeholder which is or shall be seised in his own right or in the right of his wife, of lands, tenements or hereditaments to the clear yearly value often pounds or more by the year, over and above all charges or re-prises, of some estate or inheritance \ (2) or of lands, tenements or hereditaments in his own right or in the right of his wife, for term of life or lives, of the yearly value of thirty pounds over and above all charges and reprises; (3) or be or which shall be worth in goods or chattels two hundred pounds; (4) by him or themselves, or by his or their menial servants (sufficiently authorised from his or their matter for that purpose) (5) to take pheasants and partridges in the day-time only with nets, in and upon his and their own or his and their matters free warren, manor and freehold or on any part of them, betwixt the feast of St. Michael the archangel and the feast of the birth of our Lord God yearly; any thing in this law to the contrary notwithstanding.

16c4.] Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. 0.28 — 31^ 141

VII. And be it also further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Licence to That it shall and may be lawful to and for every person and persons keeping any hawk or hawks, which at the general quar- meat ter-sessions of the county (where he and they shall dwell) shall be licenced, to shoot hail-shot in hand-guns or birding-pieces, at crow, chough, pye, rook, ring-dove, jey or fmalkr birds, for hawks-meat only, to shoot and kill hawks-meat, according to the said licence only; (2) so that such pgrty so to be licenced do at the same quarter-sessions wherein he shall be licenced, become bound to the King's majesty by recognizance in twenty pounds, not to shoot at any the fowl or game at which (hooting is prohibited by this law; (3) and so that; he or they shall not shoot in any hand-gun or other gun, within six hundred paces of any herncry, nor within one hundred paces of any pigeon-house, nor in any park, forest or chase, whereof the party so licenced or his mailer, is or shall not be the owner, keeper or governor; (4) for which licence and recognizance the clerk of the peace is to take only twelve pence and no more. (5) This Continuance law to continue to the end of the first session of the next par- of this statuce. liament. 3 Car. 1. c. 4. continued until the end of the first session of the next parliament; and farther continued by 16 Car. 1. c. 4.

CAP. XXVIII.

A confirmation of the King's letters patents, bearing date at Westminster 30 die Aprilis, anno i regis Jacobi, granted to the mayor, bailiffs and burgesses of the borough of Berwick upon Tweed, and of the franchises, liberties and customs of the said borough, is Ed. 4. c. 8.

---

CAP. XXIX.

To what sorts of flesh, licences to eat flesh in Lent shall not extend. What sort of flesh shall not be killed in Lent to be put to sale. EXP. 5 El. c. 5. 35 El. c. 7.

CAP. XXX.

The inhabitants of Melcomb-Regis in the county of Dorset, within the diocese of Bristol, may at their own cost build a church upon the ground where the chapel now standeth, and the grounds adjoining, convenient to receive the inhabitants of Radipol, and inclose the waste grounds adjoining, to make a church-yard for a place of burial; after which church is builded it shall be called the parochial church of Radipol; and the new parson of Radipol and his successors shall be parsons thereof: and the old parish church of Radipol shall be but a chapel of ease: and the patron of the old parish church of Radipol shall be patron of the new. And a new mansion-house in Melcomb-Regis assigned to the said parson and his successors for ever.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for the charitable relief and ordering of persons infested with the plague.

[Several provisions made for those that be infected with the plague.]

FORASMUCH as the inhabitants of divers cities, boroughs, towns corporate, and of other parishes and places, being visited with the plague, are found to be unable to relieve the poorer sort of such people so infested, who of necessity must be by same charitable course provided for, left they should wander abroad and thereby infect others: (2) and forasmuch as divers persons infected with that disease, and others inhabiting in houses and places infected, as well poor people and

142 Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c. 31. [1604.

unable to relieve themselves that are carefully provided for, as others which of themselves are of ability, being commanded by the magistrate or officer of or within the place inhere the infection shall be, to keep their houses, or otherwise to separate themselves from company for the avoiding of further infection, do notwithstanding very dangerously and disorderly misdemean themselves:

[Taxing the inhabitants for relief of the sick of the plague.]

II. Be it therefore enacted by the authority of this present parliament, That the mayor, bailiffs, head officers and justices of peace of every city, borough, town corporate and places privileged, where any mayor and bailiffs, head officers or justices of peace are or shall be, or any two of them, shall have power and authority from time to time, to tax and assess all and every inhabitant, and all houses of habitation, lands tenements and hereditaments within the said city, borough, town corporate and places privileged, or the liberties or precincts thereof, at such reasonable taxes and payments as they shall think fit for the reasonable relief of such persons infected, or inhabiting in houses and places infected in the same cities, boroughs and towns corporate, and places privileged, (2) and from time, to time, to levy the same taxes of the goods of every person refusing or neglecting to pay the said taxes, by warrant under the hand and seal of the mayor and bailiffs, and head officers aforesaid, or two such justices of peace, to be directed to any person or persons for the execution thereof.

[The penalty of any party taxed refusing to pay, and having no goods.]

III. And if the party to whom such warrant is or shall be directed shall not find any goods to levy the same, and the party taxed shall refuse to pay the same tax, That then upon return thereof the said mayor, bailiffs, head officers or justices of peace or any two of them, shall by like warrant under their hands and seals cause the same person so taxed to be arrested and committed to the gaol without bail or mainprize, until he shall satisfy the same taxation and the arrearages thereof.

[A provision if the inhabitants of the town infected be not able to relieve the sick.]

IV. And if the inhabitants of any such city, borough, town corporate or place privileged, shall find themselves unable to relieve their said poor infected persons and others as aforesaid, That then upon certificate thereof by the mayor, bailiff, head officers and other the said justices of peace, or any two of them, to the justices of peace of the county of or near to the said city, borough, town corporate or privileged place so infected, or any two of them to be made, the said justices of or near the said county or any two of them, shall or may tax and assess the inhabitants of the county within five miles of the said place infected, at such reasonable weekly taxes and rates as they shall think fit, to be levied by warrant from any such two justices of peace of or near the county, by sale of goods, and in default thereof by imprisonment of the body of the party taxed as aforesaid.

[A provision if the infection shall be where there are no justices of peace.]

V. And if any such infection shall be in any borough, town corporate or privileged place where there are or shall be no justices of peace, or in any village or hamlet within any county, That then it shall and may be lawful for any two justices of

1604.] Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c. 31. 143

peace of the said county wherein the said place infected is or shall be, to tax and assess the inhabitants of the said county within five miles of the said place infected, at such reasonable weekly taxes and rates as they shall think fit, for the reasonable relief of the said places infected, to be levied by warrant from the said justices of peace of the same county by sale of goods, and in default thereof by imprisonment of the body of every party so taxed as aforesaid: (2) the same taxes made by the said justices of peace of the county for the relief of such cities, boroughs, towns corporate and places privileged where there are no justices of peace, to be disposed as they shall think fit; and where there are justices of peace then in such fort as to the mayors, bailiffs, bead officers and justices of peace there or any two of them shall seem fit and convenient.

[The taxes assessed shall be certified at the next quarter-sessions.]

VI. All which taxes and rates made within any such city, borough, town corporate or place privileged, shall be certified at the next quarter-sessions to be holden within the said city, borough, town corporate or place privileged; (2) and the said taxes and rates made within any part of the said county, shall in like sort be certified at the next quarter-sessions to be holden in and for the said county; (3) and that if the justices of peace at such quarter-sessions respectively, or the more part of them, shall think it fit the said tax or rate should continue, or be enlarged or extended to any other parts of the county, or otherwise determined, then the same to be so enlarged, extended or determined, encreased or taxed and levied in manner and form aforesaid, as to the said justices at the quarter-sessions respectively shall be thought fit and convenient:

[The forfeiture of officers making default to levy the money assessed.]

(4) and every constable and other officer that shall wilfully make default in levying such money as they shall be commanded by the said warrant or warrants, shall forfeit for every such offence ten shillings, to be employed on the charitable uses aforesaid.

[An infected person commanded to keep his house, disobeyeth.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons infected, or being or dwelling in any house infected, shall be by the mayor, bailiffs, constable or other head officer of any city, borough, town corporate, privileged place or market-town, or by any justice of peace, constable, headborough or other officer of the county (if any such infection be out of any city, borough, town corporate, privileged place or market-town) commanded or appointed, as aforesaid, to keep his or their house, for avoiding of further infection, and shall notwithstanding wilfully and contemptuously disobey such direction and appointment, offering and attempting to break out and go abroad, and to resist, or going abroad and resisting such keepers or watchmen as shall be appointed, as aforesaid, to see them kept in; that then it shall be lawful for such watchmen with violence to inforce them to keep their houses; and if any hurt come by such inforcement to such disobedient persons, that then the said keepers, watchmen and any other their assistants, shall not be impeached therefore: (2) and if any infected person as aforesaid, so commanded to keep house, shall contrary to such commandment, wilfully

144 Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c. 31. [1604.

and contemptuously go abroad, and shall converse in company, having any infectious sore upon him uncured, that then such person and persons shall be taken, deemed and adjudged as a felon, and to suffer pains of death as in case of felony; (3) but if such person shall not have any such sore found about him, then for his said offence to be punished as a vagabond in all respects should or ought to be,

[39 El. C. 4.]

by the statute made in the nine and thirtieth year of the reign or our late sovereign lady Queen Elizabeth, for the punishment of rogues and vagabonds; and further, to be bound to his or their good behaviour for one whole year.

VIII. Provided, That no attainder of felony by virtue of this act shall extend to any attainder or corruption of blood, or forfeiture of any goods, chattels, lands, tenements or hereditaments.

[Attendants shall be appointed upon the infected.]

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for justices of peace, mayors, bailiffs and other head officers aforesaid, to appoint within their several limits searchers, watchmen, examiners, keepers and buriers, for the persons and places respectively infected as aforesaid, and to minister unto them oaths for the performance of their offices of searchers, examiners, watchmen, keepers and buriers, and give them other directions, as unto them for the present necessity shall seem good in their discretions;

[The continuance of this act.]

(2) and this act to continue no longer than until the end of the first session of the next parliament.

[The universities, cathedral churches, Eaton, Winchester college.]

X. Provided always, and be it enacted by authority of this present parliament, That no mayors, bailiffs, head officers, or any justices of peace, shall by force or pretext of any thing in this act contained, do or execute any thing before-mentioned within either the universities of Cambridge or Oxford, or within any cathedral church, or the liberties or precincts thereof, in this realm of England, or within the colleges of Eaton or Winchester; (2) but that the vice-chancellor of either of the universities for the time being, within either of the same respectively, and the bishop and dean of every such cathedral church, or one of them, within such cathedral church, and the provost or warden of either of the said colleges within the same, shall have all such power and authority, and shall do and execute all and every such act and acts, thing and things in this act before-mentioned, within their several precincts and jurisdictions abovesaid, as wholly, absolutely and fully, to all intents and purposes, as any mayor, bailiffs, head officers or justices of peace, within their several precincts and jurisdictions may elsewhere by force of this act do and execute.

[3 Car. 1. c. 4. Continued until the end of the first session of the next parliament, and farther continued by 16 Car. 1. c. 4.]

CAP. XXXII.

[13 & 14 Car. 2, c. 27.]

---

From the end of this session of parliament, during seven years and no longer, there shall be paid by the mailer or owner of every ship, vessel or crayer (faring of Lirae-Regis in the county of Dorset) whereof any

1605.] Anno tertio Jacobi. c. 1. 145

of the King'* hbjeSt Hull be owner* or part-owner*, of tk burden of twenty tons w upward*, for every voyage loading or discharging within this realm, or to or from any foreign country beyond the seas, and pif&ng to or from London, or from, to or by Dover, or coming into the harbour there, (not having a cocquet testifying his payment before) threetpenoe for every con of the burden of every inch veffch &c. except vessels loades with sea-coal* or grind-itones $ and for every chaldron f sea-coaU or grind-itones i. d. ob, which shall be paid to the cuiloraer, collector of customs or subsidies, or their deputies. See. EXP.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act of a subsidy of tonnage and poundage. A subsidy granted to that King of tonnage, poundage, wools, &c. What subsidies the Kings of this realm have had, and Tor what causes. EXP.

Anno Regni Jacobi Regis Angli, Fran-

cia, &' Hibernia, viz. Anglia, Francia G? Hibernia tertio, & Scotia tricesimo nono.

AT the second session of parliament begun and holden by prorogation at Westminster the fifth day of November in the third year of the reign of our most gracious sovereign lord James, by the Grace of God, of England, France and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. and of Scotland the nine and thirtieth: and there continued until the seven and twentieth of May: (and from this second session of parliament-, ending the find seven and twentieth of May, the said parliament was prorogued until the eighteenth of

November next following, one thousand six hundred and six,) to the bighpkafure of Almighty God, and to the wtal publick of this realm, were enabled as followeth.

CAP. I.

An act for a publick thanksgiving to Almighty God every year on the fifth day of November.

[Yearly prayer shall be made for the delivery of the King, &c. from the gun-powder treason.]

FORASMUCH as Almighty God hath in all ages shewed his power and mercy in the miraculous and gracious deliverance of his church, and in the protection of religious Kings and states;

[The blessings of England by the King and his progeny.]

(2) and that no nation of the earth hath been blessed with greater benefits than this kingdom now enjoyeth, having the true and free profession of the gospel under our most gracious sovereign lord King James, the most great, learned and religious King that ever reigned therein, enriched with a most hopeful and plentiful progeny, proceeding out of his royal loins, promising continuance of this happiness and profession to all posterity:

[The gun-powder treason conspired to have been]

(3) the which many malignant and devilish papists, jesuits and seminary priests, much envying and fearing, conspired horribly, when the Kings most excellent majesty, the Queen, the prince, and all the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, should have been assembled in the upper house of parliament upon the fifth day of November

146 Anno tertio Jacobi. c. 1. [1605.

[effected 5 Nov. ann. dom. 1605.]

in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and five, suddenly to have blown up the said whole house with gun-powder: (4) an invention so inhumane, barbarous and cruel, as the like was never before heard of and was (as same of the principal conspirators thereof confess) purposely devised and concluded to be done in the said house, that where sundry necessary and religious laws for preservation of the church and state were made, which they falsely and slanderously term cruel laws, enacted against them and their religion, both place and persons should be all destroyed and blown up at once;

[How the treason was discovered.]

(5) which would have turned to the utter ruin of this whole kingdom, had it not pleased Almighty God, by inspiring the King's most excellent majesty with a divine spirit, to interpret some dark phrases of a letter shewed to his Majesty, above and beyond all ordinary construction, thereby miraculously discovering this hidden treason not many hours before the appointed time for the execution thereof: (6) therefore the Kings most excellent majesty, the lords spiritual and temporal, and all his Majesty's faithful and loving subjects, do most justly acknowledge this great and infinite blessing to have proceeded meerly from God his great mercy, and to his most holy name do ascribe all the honour, glory and praise: (7) and to the end this unfeigned thankfulness may never be forgotten, but be had in a perpetual remembrance, that all ages to come may yield praises to his Divine Majesty for the same, and have in memory THIS JOYFUL DAY OF DELIVERANCE;

[Thanks shall be given to God in every church yearly upon the fifth day of November.]

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, the lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and singular ministers in every cathedral and parish church, or other usual place for common prayer, within this realm of England and the dominions of the same, shall always upon the fifth day of November say morning prayer, and give unto Almighty God thanks for this most happy deliverance: (2) and that all and every person and persons inhabiting within this realm of England and the dominions of the same, shall always upon that day diligently and faithfully resort to the parish church or chapel accustomed, or to some usual church or chapel where the said morning prayer, preaching, or other service of God shall be used, and then and there to abide orderly and soberly during the time of the said prayers, preaching, or other service of God there to be used and ministred.

[The minister shall give warning of the day the Sunday before.]

III. And because all and every person may be put in mind of this duty, and be then better prepared to the said holy service, be it enacted by authority aforesaid, That every minister shall give warning to his parishioners publickly in the church at morning prayer, the Sunday before every such fifth day of November, for the due observation of the said day; and that after morning prayer or preaching upon the said fifth day of November, they read publickly, distinctly and plainly this present act.

Anno tertio Jacobi. e. s.47

CAP. II.

An act for the attainder of diverx offenders in the late most barbarous, mnftrotes, dtteftabk and damnable treasons

IN most bumble manner befeeehen your most excellent Majesty, your Certain pw-mqftlqfa, faithful and true-hearted subjects, the lords Spiritual ^fj* attainted and temporal, and tie commons, in this present parliawut qffimhled, forcWplrine That whereas Arthur Crefwel jesuit, who at the time off his pro* to blow up 8 fiffion to be a jesuit took upon him the name if Joseph Crefwel, with gun-OfWald Tefmond jefidtand Thomas Winter late of Budding*- powder the ton in the county off Worcester, gentleman, the loft day of June m ^l^ment" the four and fortieth year of the late Sateen Elizabeth of famous Treasons memory, at Valedolid oqithm the kingdom of Spain, and at divers practised in other days within the fane four and firtieth year of the said late the time of $ue*ny at Valedolid aforesaid, and elfiwhers within the same king-dons of Spain, by the means, procurement and privity of Robert Catolby, late of Ashby in the county of Northampton, esquire)

Franda Trelham, late r/'Ruftwon in the said county ^Northampton, esquire, and Henry Garnet jesuit, tqffusmng upon him to be superior of the iefuits within this realm ^England) and others being all natural*torn subjects of this realm, did trader oufty and against the duty of their allegiance, move and incite Philip, then and yet King of Spain, then being at ohm enmity and hostility with the fai4 late Spue*, with force to invade this kingdom of England, and to join With the papists and discontented persans within this realm of England, to depose and overthrow the same late §hteen of and her crown,: and of and from all her royal estate, title and dignity^were*" and to supprest and abolifa the true religion of Almighty God, truly pra&iicd. and fttuerefy professed within this kingdom, and to restore the superstitious Rmish religion within the same, and to bring this andeniy famous and rnofi renowned kingdom to utter ruin and miserable captivity tader foreign power: (a) And far that the greatest impediment unto the same invasion would be the want of help of good horses,

the said Thomas Winter, the rather to encourage the same King the reunto, was to offer to the same King on the behalf of the papists of England, to gtve hm affifance presently upon the landing- of his*faroes, with one thousand five hundred, or two thousand horses \ (3).;

and that far their better accomplishing thereof, he should move pise same; .7

King to fumish the papists of England with a good sum of money, partly to be employed to provide and furnijk the horses, and partly in ptnftons, to he tmployed upon same such as were to be prepared far that service: (4) All which the said Thomas Winter did relate So the hid King of Spain, who (the said kingdoms of England and Spain then Jtoniing in hostility) took that offer in very good kart, The King of saying. That be would respect and account of the cathoUcks of Engw Spain's answer land, (meaning the papists) as of his own Caftihans, and thereupon tot^.c traitor'a agreed that be would make invasion, and set foot in England, about moilon, the spring then next following, and would by way of exchange fend over unto the papists of England one hundred thousand crowns, to b( paid at two federal days agreed upon. All which particulars are extant

Pra&ifers in Flinders of invasion of this realm.

I4S Anno tertio Jacobi. c.i: [1603.

fomt of the thief eft offenders j at which tinu and aid extraordinarily fumtfb thernfehjes by ed perswasion and means of sundry jejuks, both with horse and armour.'

II. But before these things could be effected. Almighty 'God called the said late % ueen to his mercy: Immediately after whose-decease, that is to say, in the same month of March, wherein Jbe departed out of this world, Christopher Wnjzht, late of London, gentleman, was imployed by the said Robert Catefby, Francis Trefhan^ Henry Garnet and others, into Spain, to negotiate with the fend King of Spain, by the means of the said Crefwd the jefidt, and others, to proceed in that invasion, which the said Thomas1 Winter had before negotiated with him: (2) And afterwards on the two and twentieth day of Tune in the first year of your Majestfs reign aver this realm rfEngland, Sir William Stanley, knight, Hugh Owen, esquire, William Baldwin, jesuit, and others, did by and tenth the traitorous procurement, and the consent of the offenders aforesaid, from and out of Flanders, in the parts beyond the fees, under the government of the archduke, traileroufiy imploy and fend Guy Fawks, late of London, gentleman, unto the said King of Spain, to negotiate with him on the behalf of the said papists of England, for invasion to be had against this realm of England, to the same effect as was committed to the find Christopher Wright, as h a fore-said: And the said Guy Fawks and Christopher Wright, though they had all the furtherance of the said Crefwel the iejfuk that he could give, yet finding no such entertainment with the fund King, who The King of (as by the sequel appeareth) grew into detestation with the said pro-Spain detested positions and negotiations, as they expelled or deftred 5 but being the treat?!, wholly disappointed of all their hopes concerning that matter, the find Robert Catefby, and divers other persons within this realm, did fend over the said Thomas Winter into the said country Flanders,

to procure the said Guy Fawks, a natural-born subject of this realm, and yet a most traiterous, dfperate and bloody-minded ptrfon, then serving as a soldier in the Low-Countries, to come over into this realm, and by and with the traiterous conspiracy and consent of the The prattiferssaid Henry Garnet, Oswald Tefmond, John Gerrjtrd, and other of the gun- jesuits, and Thomas Pearcy, late of London, esquire, John Sr^Mr' Wright, the said Christopher Wright,

wicked intent. Francis Tretham, Robert Winter, late of Huddington afore fat d, esquire, John Graurtt, late of Norbrook in the county of Warwick, esquire, Ambrose Rookwood, late of Stanningfidd in ike county of Suffolk, esquire, Everard Digby, late of Gotehurst in the county of Buckingham, knight, Robert Keyes, late of London, gentleman, 0* Thomas Bates, late of London, yeoman, to undertake the execution of the most wieked, barbarous, execrable and abominable treason that ever could enter into the heart of the most wicked man, by blowing up with gun-powder the house of parliament, at such time as your most excellent Majesty, and your dear eft confort the fjhieen, and the most noble prince Henry, together with the lords spiritual and temporal, the judges of the realm, and the knights citizens and burgesses of parliament, JbouU be in the said parliament-house

assembled\

149

Anno tertio Jacobi. c. 3.

assembled, (for which most traitorous and barbarous purpose there wore ficretly laid in a vault or cellar under the parliament-hoiffty thirty-six barrels of gun-powder> or thereabouts) to the utter over-throw and subverJion of the whole fate of this flourishing and renowned kingdom, if God of his infinite mercy had not moji mird-culoujty, by your Majfty's. blessed direction* discovered the same in finding out the find barrels of gun-powder in the fend vault or eellarj but few hours before the trme appointed for the execution there-of i (3) all which moji heinous, horrible and damnable treasons are most mamfefi and apparent by the voluntary confessions and acinow leagments of the offenders themselves: Of which moji barbarousy bloody and detefiable treason for conspiring and preparing to How up the find parliament-house with gun-powdery the said Robert Winter, Thomas Winter, Guy Fawks, Robert Keys, Ambrose Rook wood, John Graunt and Thomas Bates, have been lately indiftedy and during this present fefftonof parliament 9arraignedy convicted by verdifly and thereupon attainted: (4) And the said Sir Everard Digby, knight, hath likewise been indiftedy and during this present session of parliament corjviSled and attainted by hi) own confession of record upon his arraignment, according to the laws of thts your Majesty's realmy as by the record} of their several indifl-nunts and attainders it doth and may more plainly appear; (5) and Certain of the for the which offences the said Sir Everard Digby, Robert Winter, put tQ Thomas Winter, Guy Fawks, Ambrose Rookwood, John Graunt, Robert Keys and Thomas Bates, have suffered pains of death according to their demerits: (6) And the said Robert Ca-

teiby, Thomas Pearcy, John Wright and Christopher Wright, the field. were lately fain in open rebellion by them and others the said moji wteked traitorsmovedandjlirredwithin divers parts and counties of tens realmy shortly after the said discovery of their said moji detefiable and damnable treason, in conspiring and preparing to flow up the said parliament-house as aforesaid: (7) and the said Hugh Owen doth (of Hugh Owenf purpose, and for fear of condignpunishment according to his demerits) reside and keep himself beyond the seas, by means whereof he cannot in respect of such his voluntary absencty he arraignedy and publicity by due trialjf law9 upon apparent testimony and proof against him9 be proceeded withal for his said most heinous and abominable treasons:

(8) And the said Francis Trefham being likewise one of the said moji detefiable traitors9 and being apprehended and imprisoned in the 1 rc 'am' tower of London, having by fitndry his examinations confejfed himself a principal traitor in all the said most wicked and abominable treasons, died in the said tower, during the time of his said imprisonment, and before he could be indiffed of the said treaforiy &c. EXP.

The convictions and attainders of the traitors confirmed. — The forfeitu re of the offenders. — The forfeiture of certain of the traitors which were not arraigned. — From what days their several forfeitures shall have relation. — All the lends and goods of the traitors attainted shall be in

the actual possession of the King--A laving the right of others, — *-

Goods, chattels or debts of the traitors given, releaica or discharged before the fifth of November lait.*

Cap. in.

An act declaratory, explaining the branch of an act made in the first fef- 1 Jac. t. c. 9.

L 5 fion

l$o Anno tertio Jacobi. c. 4.

Hen of thit parliament, intituled. Am antlmrifixg.cntfew i*f*&*m /

ff the realm of England to treat with the commi/nner* of Satlnaa* /or the nueal of both kifigdoitis. 4 )ac. 1. c. 1.

CAP. IV.

Ah aS for tbt belter lifeovering and repressing of popish re-

cufunts.

Forasmuch as it is foundbydaibp experience? that many his Majesty's subjects that adhere in thevr biarts to tbs phfnjh religion? by tbs infc&um <brawn from thence % and by tbt wicked amddr-vilish counftl of jesuits? seminaries? and other He persons danger am to the church and state? art so far perverted in the point yftheir loyalties and due allegiance unto the Kings majestyt and the cmmrdfZn^and? as they are ready to entertain and execute any troafonabie confpearias endprafticts, as evidently appears by that more than barbarous and horrible attempt to have blown up with gun-powder the King* ^hteetr? prince, lords and commons in the hostfe of parliament affimbkd? tending to the utter subversion of the whole fate? lately undertaken by the injbgation of jesuits and jemnarits? and in advancement of their religion? by their scholars taught and istflrufted by thertt to that purpose* which attempt by the goodness of Almighty God was distoVered and de-fattd (*) sfnd where divers persons popishly offered* do nevertheless? bairto the the better to cover and hide their false heartland with the morefafety to

thatch. attend the opportunity to execute their mfehtevous designs, repairfome-tinus toeburcbi to escape the penalty tfthe laws in that behalfprovided: II. For the better discovery therefore of such persons, and their evil aftedions to the King's majesty, and the state of this his realm, to the end that being known, their evil purpose* may be the better prevented; (2) be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, the lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every popish recusant cofavicted, or hereafter to be cdnvicted, which heretofore hath conformed him or herself, or which shall hereafter conform him or herself, and repair to the church, and continue there during the time 1 Biz. c. 1. of divine service, according to the laws and statutes m that be-f EEHzC c. half msK*c anc* Provided, shall within the first year next after the »3 Eliz. c! 1. cnd of this session of parliament (if he or she be conformed, as7 Eli*. c.». aforesaid, before the end of this session of parliament) or with->9 Eliz.c. 6. in the first year next after that he or she, shall after this session 35 ELIZ. C. x Sc of parliament so conform him or herself, and repair to church, as aforesaid, and after the said first year, shall once in every year following at the least, receive the blessed sacrament of the Lord's supper in the church of that parish where he or she shall most usually abide or be within the said year, wherein by the true meaning of this statute he or she ought so to receive:

The forfeiture

III. And if there be no such parish church, then in the of a conform- church next adjoining to the place of his or h^r such most usual which doth zbode: (2) And if any recusant so conformed shall not receive not receive the the said sacrament of the Lord's supper accordingly, he or she sacrament of shall for such not receiving lose'and forfeit for the first year, the Lord's twenty pounds, and for the second year for such not receiving,

forty

i&>5>] Anno tertio Jacobi. c. 4. 151

fortypoonde, and for every year after for such not receiving, (upper yearly, threefoore pounds, until he or she dull have received the said Cro* J*c-fecrament, at it aforesaid; (3) And if after heor (he shall have received the said sacrament, as it aforesaid, and after shall eft-foons at any time offend in not receiving the said sacrament, as is aforesaid, by the spaoe of one whole year, that in every such case stich person so offending shall for every such offence lofeand forfeit threescore pounds of lawful English money $ (4) the one moiety to be to our sovereign lord the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him that will foe for the same 1 (5) and to be recovered in any of the King's courts of record St fPtftminfUr, or before justices of assize or general gaol-delivery, or before justices of the peace at their general quarter-sessions, by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no eftbm, protection or wager of law shall be allowed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority of this pre- Presentingthf lent parliament, That the church-wardens and constables of !Ton*h'y every town, parish or chapei, for the time being, or fotne one chorcb'oTa of them, or if there be none such, then fee chief constables recusant.

of the handled where such town, parish or chapel is or shall be, 1 Shower 309.

or one of them, as well In places exempt as not exempt, shall

once in every year present fee monthly absence from church of

all and all manner of popift recusants within such towns

and parishes 1 (x) and shall present the names of every of the A recusant*

children of the said recusants, being of the age of nine years children and

and upwards, -abiding with their said parents, and as near as servants.

they Can fee age of every of the said children asalib fee names

of the (enfant* of such recusants, at the general or quarter fef-

titmsof feat (htrt, limit, division or liberty.

V. And be it further enacted by fee authority aforesaid, That The present, all such presentments shall be accepted, entred and recorded in ments record, fee said fefoons by the clerk of fee peace, or town-clerk for ed.

the time being, or his deputy, without any fee to be had, asked or taken for the same: (2) And in default of such presentment to be made, the said church-wardens, constables, or high constables respectively, shall for every such default forfeit twenty shillings; (3) and in default of such accepting, entring and.recording without fee, as aforesaid, the said clerk of the peace of town clerk shallforevery such offenceforfeitandlofe forty shillings.

VI. And that upon every presentment of such monthly ab- The reward ofi fence as aforesaid, whereupon such party so presented shall after tha church-happen to be indidkd and convi<sted, (not being for the same

absence before presented) then the said church-wardens, constables or high constables respectively, so making such present-ments, (hill have a reward of forty shillings; (2) to be levied out of the-recusants goods and estate, in such manner and form as by the more part of the said justices shall be by warrant under their hands and feels then and there ordered and appointed.

VII. And be it further enacted by fee authority aforesaid, what officers

That the justices of assize and gaol-delivery at their assizes, and (V"qfnHu, r0 the said justices of peace at any of their said sessions, shall have 0 60 r*'

power and authority by virtue of this act to esquire, hear and

L 4 determine

iS % Anno tertio Jacobi. <zsm

determine of all recufaoto and offences, tatirwfeKctonnot <0* ceiving the sacraraent aforesaid* aecbrding to the meaning -of tins law, as for jaot repairing to church, according*© the! meaning of former laws, in such manner ami formas the said jufliow of assize and gaol-delivery do ocjmay now do by farmer hws, in the case of recufeacy for not repairing to church, (a^and also. shall have power at their said assizes and gaol^ielivery, <a nd at the session* (in which any indictment against any person, ei — Thceffcft of ther for not repairing to church according to former laws, or the procUma- apt receiving the said sacrament according to this law, shall be tlon' taken) to make proclamation v by which it shall be commanded,

that the body of every such offender shall be rendred to theifce-riff of the same county, or bailiff, or other keeper of the gaol of the liberty, before the next assizes and general gad-delivery, or before the next general or quarter-sessions respectively to be Convictf onof holden for the said shire, limit, division or libertyc (a) if a rccuiaut. at tive next assizes and general gad-delivery or sessions, the same offender so proclaimed shall not make appearance of record, that then upon every such default recorded* the same shall be as sufficient a conviction in law of the said offence whereof the party shall stand indicted as aforesaid, as if upon the same indictment a trial by verdict thereupon had proceeded* and been found against him or her, and recorded.

The penalty

VIII. And be it further enacted, That evciy offender in tiot of a convicted repairing to divine service, but forbearing the lame, contrary to recusant. the statutes in that behalf made and provided, that hereafter shall fortune to be thereof once convicted, shall in such of the terms of Easier and Michaelmas as shall be next after such conviction, pay into the receipt of the exchequer after the rate of twenty pounds for every month which shall be contained in the 9 Elia. c. 6. indictment whereupon such conviction shall be; (2) and shall also for every month after such conviction, without any other indictment or conviction, forfeit twenty pounds, and pay fata the receipt of the exchequer aforesaid, at two times in the year, that is to say, in every Easter and Michaelmas term, as much a* then shall remain unpaid, after the rate of twenty pounds for every month after such conviction; (3) except in such cases where the King shall and may by force of this act refuie the same, and take two parts of the lands, tenements, hereditaments, leases and farms of such offender, till the said party being indicted for not coming to church, contrary to former laws, shall conform himself and come to church, according to the meaning of the statute in that behalf made and provided.

T'vfcry convic-

IX. And that every conviction recorded for any offence before-tion shall be mentioned, shall from the justices befote whom the record of the exchequer conviction shall be remaining, be certified into the King's

q'majesty's court of exchequer, before the end of the term following such conviction, in such convenient certainty for the time and other circumstances, as the court of exchequer may thereupon award out process for the seizure of the lands and goods of every such offender, as the case shall require: (2)

And

*53

Anno tertio Jacobi.

0, 4.

And if default fbaUbe made in any part of any payittentpfofe-said, contrary to the form herein before limhea, that then and fb often the king's Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall and may by process out of the said exchequer, take, seize and enjoy all the goods, and two parts as well of all the lands, tenements and hereditaments, leases and farms of such offender, as of all other the lands, tenements and hereditaments liable to such seizure, or to the penalties aforesaid, by the true meaning of this act, leaving the third part only of the same lands, tenements and hereditaments, leases and farms, to and for the maintenance and relief of the said offender, his wife, children and family.

X. And whereas by an act made in the session of parliament holden The statute of fy prorogation at Westminster in the three and twentieth year of the3 c*

reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act to retain the Grant's8*fulpaia of the foul late Queen in their due obedience, It was monthly for-awongfl other things enacted by authority of the said parliament* feiture.

That ovety person above the age of Jbcteen years* which should not repair to same church, chapel, or usual place of common prayer* but forbear thefme contrary to the tenor of a statute made in the first year of the reign of the said late Queen* for uniformity of common prayer, f c f and being thereof lawfully committed* should forfeit to the said Queen* for every month after the end of the said jejjton of parliament which. he or Jbe should Jo forbear* twenty pounds of lawful English money* as in and by the said act of parliament more at large appeareth:

XL. And whereas afterward by another act of parliament of the How by the said Queen* it was further 'enactei by the authority of the said par- 6

liament (amengfi otoer things) how and when the Jdid payments of the thC Queen said twenty pounds should bo made* and that if default should betooulcfrecover made in any part of any payment of the said twenty pounds* contrary forfeiture* due to the form in the Jhid last specifiidjlatute limited* that then and fot often the said Queen should and might by process out of her Highness exchequer tale* seize and enjoy all the goods* and two parts as well of all the lands* tenements and hereditaments* Uafes and farms of hub offender* as of all other the lands* tenements and hereditaments* liable to such seizure or to the penalties aforesaid, by the true meaning ofjbe said act of parliament* leaving the third part only of the Tame lands* tenements and hereditaments* leases and farms* to and for the maintenance and relief of the same offender* his wife* children and family* as in and by the last specijted statute more at large also may appear: (2} Now forasmuch as the said penalty of twenty pounds monthly is a greater burden unto men of small living* than unto such as are of better ability* and do refuse to come unto divine Jervlce* as aforesaid* who rather than they will have two parts of their lands to be seized* will be ready always to pay the said twenty pounds according to the limitation of the said jiatuus* and yet retain the rejidue of their livings and inheritance m their own hands* being of great yearly value* which they do for the most part employ (as experience hath taught) to the maintenance of superstition

afd popish religion^ and to the relief of jesuits* seminaries* popish

pricjls*

f54

Anno tertio Jacobi. xx+i [1605.

priefis, end ether dangmns persontto the (3) M

/A# fotwtf /An hereafter the penalty for not repairing to Maine fertsut

might heInfktteiin hitter prop upon men of greet ohibtf\ (4.)

be hetia&od by the authority of this present parliament, Thar the King's majeAy, his heirs and successors, shall fromsrtd after the feast of Saint Mitboel the archangel next comity after the end of this- fdfion of parliament, have full power and liberty The King may to refofe the penalty of twenty pounds a month, though it be refofe sol. a tend red ready to be paid according to the law, and thereupon to month, and feixs and take to Ms own use, and the tiles, intents and pur-ofa'recount* poses hereafter limited, two parts in three parts to ie divided, as well of all the lands, tenements and hereditaments, leases Lute tc6. and farm* that at the time of such Tenure shall be, or after-Godbolt »i«. -ward shall come to any the said offenders in not coming to<*9' church, or any other to his or her use, or in trust for him or her, or at his or her disposition, or whereby or wherewith, or in consideration whereof, such offender or his family, or any of them, shall be relieved, maintained or kept; ' as of att other lands, tenements and hereditaments in any wise or-at anytime liable to such (ensure, or to the penalties aforesaid, snd the same to retain to hit own and other uses, intents and purposes hereafter in this act appointed, till every such offender shall conform him or berfelf respectively, as aforesaid, in lieu and foil ncompence of the twenty pounds monthly that during his such leisure and retainer (half incur $ any thing in the said features, or any of them, or any other Iterate, to the contrary in any wise not-Savine the withstanding: (5) Saving to oUr sovereign lord the King's me-right Stothers, jesty, his heirs and successors, and all atm every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs and successors, (other than the said offender, his or her heirs, and all claiming to his or their use, or in trust for him or them, or at his or their will or disposition) all and all manner of leases, rents, conditions, and other rights and titles whatsoever had, made and done, bona fide, and without fraud and covin, before such seizure.

A recusant'*

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority mansion- aforesaid, That the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, jj*11* shall not take into his two parts, but leave to such offender, reierv to cjkjcf mansion-house, as part of his third part, and shall ThcKing's not detnife, lease nor put over the said two parts, nor any part two parts shall thereof, to any recusant, nor to or for the 'use of any recusant not be demised (2) And tha( whofaever shall take the same in lease, or other-toa recusant. y^fe, Of Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall give such security not to commit, nor fuller waste to be committed, in or upon any the said premisses, as by the court of exchequer shall be allowed sufficient.

XIII. And for the better trial how his Majesty's subjects stand affected in point of their loyalty and due obedience; (2) be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the end of this present session of parliament, it shall be lawful to and for any bishop in his diocese, or any two justices of peace,

j6o$.] Anno tertio Jacobi. c. 4, t55

whereof one of them to be of the quorum, within the limits of Who are com-their juriljftfttori, Out of the fdfiods, to require any person of the age of eighteen years or above, being or which shall be con* oat,

Vid or siAcUh£wcI bf or for iuty recu&rtcy, jother than noblemen or noble women, for not repairing to divine for Viee, according to the lawft of this realm; (3) or which Stall not have received, the ihid (acmnent twice within the year then neat pall, nobie*.men and noblewomen excepted; (4) or any person pilling in or through the country, shire or liberty, and unknown, except as i* last before excepted, that being examined by them upon oath, shall cetdefa or not deny him Mf or her Self to be a te-eufamt, or shall confefa or not deny that he or she had dot received the said sacramentjtwiee within the year then laftpast, to take the oath hereafter' following upon the holy evingelifts:

(5) Which said'bishopv or two justices of the peace, shall cer- Certificate of tify in writing subscribed with his or their hands at the next ge- the name of nerai or quarter-feflkm* for that shire, limit) division or liberty, "ho£-

within which the (bid Oath shall be so taken, the christitm-natnev eth the oath* fomame, and place of abode of every person which (hill (b take the said oath t which certificate shall be there recorded by foe check of the peace or town-dark, and kept amongst foe records, of the said ration*.

XIV. And be it farther thacted, That if any such person or Refusal of the persons, other than noblemen or noblewomen, shall refute to oath, answer upon oath to such bHhop or justices of peace examining1 Bulftr. 199. tuna or her, as afoiefiud, or to take foe said oath duly tend-, ted unto him or her by such bishop, or two such justices of peace, out of sessions, that then the said bishop or justices of peace shall and may commit the same person to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprise until the next nftkze or general or quarter-sessions to be holden for foe said shire, division, limit or liberty 5 (a) where the said oath shall bu again in foe said open affixes or testions required of such person, by the said justices of assize or justices of peace then and there, present, or the greater number of them: (3) And if the said person or persons, or any other person whatsoever, other than noblemen or noblewomen, of the age of eighteen years or a* bove, shall refofe to take the said oath being tendred unto him. or her by the justices of assize and gaol-delivery in their open affixes, or the justices of peace, or the greater part of them, in their foid general or quarter-sessions, every person so refilling.

shall incur the danger and penalty of framwmrt, mentioned in foe statute of pnemunirt, made in foesixteenth year of the reign of King Richard the Second 5 (4) except women -covert, who The penalty upon refusal of the said oath lhafl be by the said justices of assize of primumre. in their open assize, or justices of peace in their general or women co-S' quarter-sessions, for the said.oflfence committed only to the com- Vert. mon gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, till they will take the said oath.

The

15$ Anno tertio Jacobi. c;.

The tenor of which oath hereafter felloweth:

The form of XV. T A.B. do truly and ftncerely acknowledge, profess, teftjfy and Aeoath of A declare in my conscience before God and the world, That our

obedience, fivereign lord King JAMES is lawful and rightful King of this realm, and of all other his Majesbfs dominions and countries; and that the Pope neither ff himfilf nor by any authority of the church or sea j/'Rome, or by any other means with any other, hath any power or authority to depofi the King, or to dispose any of his Majestfs king-JMpuiby derns or dominions, or to authorize any foreign prince to invade or an-iW. &*M. n0y him or his countries, or to discharge any of bissubjeffs of their al-

feC i. c. S. Itgiance and obedience to his Majesty, or to give licence or leave to any

of them to bear arms, raise tumults or to offer any violence or hurt ta his Majestfs royal persons, slate or government, or to any of his Met-jejhfs subjects within hi} Majestf s dominions.

(2) Alfi I do swear from my heart. That notvfithflanding any declaration or fentente of excommunication, or deprivation made or granted, or to be made or granted, by the pope or his successors, or by any authority derived or pretended to be derived from him or his fee again)1 the said King; , his heirs or successors, or any absolution of the find Subjects from their obedience: twill bear faith and true allegiance to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and him and themwill defend to the uttermost ofmy power, agaiqfl ail conspiracies and attempts whatsoever which shall be made against his or their personss, their crown and dignity, by reason or colour of any such fentehce or declaration, or otherwise, and will do my heft endeavour to disclose and make known unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, all treafins and traitorous conspiracies which I shall know or hear of to be against him or any of them.

(3) And I do further swear, That I do from my heart abhor, de-tejl and abjure, as impious and heretical, this damnable doctrine and pofttion, Thatprinces which he excommunicated or deprived by the Pope, may be depofei or murdered by their subjects, or any other whatsoever.

(4) And I do believe, and in my conscience am refobued, That neither the Pope nor any other persons whatsoever, hath power to abfihe me of this oath or any part thereof, which I acknowledge by good and full authority to be lawfully minijtred unto me, and do renounce aUpardons and dispensations to the contrary.

(5) And au theft things I do plainly and fuicerclj acknowledge and swear, according to theft express words by me Jpoken, and according to the plain and common sense and understanding of the same words, without any equivocation or mental evasion, or secret nefirvation whatsoever: and I do make this recognition and acknowledgment heartily, willingly and truly, upon the true faith of a christion. t So help me God.

No indiament (6) Unto which oath so taken, the said person shall subscribe his or her name or mark, verted fox dc-

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, fault of form.* That no indi&meat or indictments had or found, or hereafter

1605.] Anno tertio Jacobi. c. 4. 157

to be had or found, against any person or persons, for not re- Palmer impairing to some church or chapd, or usual place of cotnnrKMV1* Co« , 3»* prayer, but absenting him or her self by the space ofbne month, 'contrary to the laws and statutes in that behalf provided, or for not receiving the said sacrament contrary to this present law, nor any proclamation, outlawry or other proceeding thereupon, shall at any time hereafter be avoided, discharged or reversed, by rea*

(on of any default in form, or lack of form or other defeat whatsoever (other than by direct traverse to the point of not coming to church or not receiving the said sacrament, whereof such perform or persons hath been or shall be indicted) but the same in* didhnent shall stand in force and be proceeded upon 5 any such default of form, or other defect whatsoever notwithstanding.

XVII. Provided always, That if any person or persons so in- He that con-didted, or to be indicted, shall at any time hereafter submit and formeth him-conform him or her self, and become obedient to the laws of the Mf may unchurch of England, and repair to the parish church of his or her a tnoft abiding, and if there be no such, then to the church next ad- mesk joining to his or her such dwelling, and there hear divine service according to the true meaning of the statute in that behalf made and provided, and there publickly receive the said sacrament according to the laws of this realm of England now established;

That then every such person and persons so indicted shall and may from thenceforth be admitted and allowed to avoid, discharge, reverse and undo the said indictment and ihdidtments, and all x

proceedings thereupon, in such manner and form as if this pre-Tent act had not been had nor made; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding,

XVIII. And forasmuch as it is found by late experience, That Jueb He shall take as go voluntarily out of this realm ^England to serve foreign princes, the oath who Jlates or potentates, are for the most part perverted in their religion 8°

and loyalty by jesuits and fugitives, with whom they do there converst:

(a) be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That eve- prince.*ty subject of this realm that after the tenth day of June next j inst. So. coming shall go or pass out of this realm to serve any foreign prince, date or potentate, or shall after the said tenth day of June pass over the seas, and* there shall voluntarily serve any such foreign prince, (late or potentate, not having before his or their goingor passing as aforesaid, taken the oath aforesaid^ before the officer hereafter appointed, shall be a felon.

XIX/ And that if any gentleman or person of higher degree, A gentleman, or any person or persons which hath born or shall bear any of- captain, or fice or place of captain, lieutenant or any other place, charge or office in camp, army or company of soldiers, or conductor of prince, Saif* soldier3, shall after go or pais voluntarily out of this realm, to be bound to serve arty such foreign prince, date or potentate, or shall volun- the King, Icc, tarily serve any such prince, state or potentate, before that he and they shall become bound by obligation, with two such sureties as shall be allowed of by the officers which are hereafter by this act limited to take the same bond, unto our sovereign lord the King's Majesty, tris heirs or successors, in the sum of

J5§ Anno tertio Jacobi.

[1605.

twenty pounds of currant money at the Imft, #ifh eon-

4teoa to the effedk following, wall ho a felon.-

The tenor of which condition followeth, wz.

XX. /TT'HAT/fifc, Ac.

X riw 4/fer be reconciled to the pope or fit ^Rome, nor /hat! enter into or confint unto any practice, plot or conspiracy whatsoever against the King's majesty, his heirs and fiucejfirs, or any his and their estate and estates, realms or dominions; but shall within convenient time after knowledge thereof had, reveal and iifilofe to the Kings majesty, his heirs and fiucejfirs, or same of the lords of his or their honourable privy council, all such pralines, plots and conspiracies; that then the said obligation to be void.

Who shall taka*XXI. And that for the due execution of this branch of this the obligation, present law, it shall and may be lawful to and for the customer and admini- and comptroller of every port, haven or creek, or one of them, Her the oath.^tjjCjr or either of their deputy or deputies, and none other, tp receive and accept all and every such bond and obligation to and for the uses aforesaid, and to minister and give die oath aforesaid, according to the true intent of this statute, taking for such bond (ixrpence and no more, and for the said oath no fee Forfeiture for at all:,) (2) which said customer and comptroller shall register not regittring and certify all and every such bond and oath so taken* Into the and certify- fcourt of exchequer at Westminster once every year, upon pain of five pounds fox every bond not so certified, and twenty shillings for every oath not so certified, f 3) Provided always, That this last mentioned branch, shall not extend to any person or persons which are already gone or shal] go beyond the seas to serve any foreign prince, state or potentate, before the tenth day of June next coming, for his said going or passing before the said tenth day of June.

Putting in aXu, And further be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, practice to ab- That if any person or persons at any time after the said tenth day tolve or with- of june shall either upon the sea's or beyond the seas, or in any from obeii- ot^cr P*acc dominions of the King's majesty, his

ence, or to re- heirs or fricceflors, put in practice to absolve, perswade or with-concile them draw any of the subjects of the King's majesty, or of his heirs to the pope, and successors of this realm of England, from their natural obe- % l Elis. c. t. <jjcncc to fois Majesty, his heirs or successors, (2) or to reconcile them to the pope or fee of Rome, or to move then* pr any of them to promise obedience to any pretended authority of the ke of Rome, or to any other prince, state or potentate j that then every such person, their procurers, counsellors, aiders and maintained, knowing the same, shall be to all intents adjudged traytprs, and being thereof lawfully convicted shall have judgment, suffer and forfeit, as in cases of high treason.

B r w*th

XXIII. And if any such person as aforesaid, at any time dnlwn or re- a^er t^ie tenth ^ay of June shall be either upon the seas conciled..or beyond the seas, or in any other place within the dominions

of

x6eg.} Anno tertio Jacobi. C. 4* 159

of the Kins'* Majesty, Madeira or (bpeeflbra* willingly tbfohr« ed or withdrawn as aforesaid, or willingly reconciled, or fhatt promise obedience to any such pretended authority, prince, date or potentate as aforesaid: that every tods person or persons, their procurers and counsellors, aiders and mamtainer*, knowing the same, shall be to all intents adjudged tray tors; and being thereof lawfully conviried shall have judgment* fuller and forfeit, as in cases of high treason.

XXIV. Provided nevertheless, That the last mentioned etoufe a reconciled of this branch, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend per*" taking or be taken to extend to any person or persons whatsoever, Whichthe oatl1-shall hereafter be reconciled to the pope or fee of Rtmt a* aforesaid, (for and touching the point of so being reconciled only) that shall return into this realm, and thereupon within six days next after such return, before the bishop of the dioeefe, or two justices of the peace jointly or severally of the county where he shall arrive, fahmit nhnfelf to his Majesty and his laws, and t Elk. c. take the oath set forth by act in the first year of the reign of the j*

late Queen Elizabeth (commonly called the oath of supremacy) V1 w*

as allb the oath before fin dorm in this present 8<S; (2) which soff.«. c. 1, said oaths the said bishop and justices. respoftively shall have f. power and authority by this present<ft to miniftef to such persons as aforesaid: (3) and the said oaths so taken, the said bishop and justices before whom such oaths shall be so taken re, spe&ivsly, shall certify at the next general or quarter-frifions of rite peace to be holden within the said shire, limit, division or liberty, wherein such person as aforesaid shall submithitnfelf and take the said oaths as aforesaid, upon pain of every one neglecting to certify the same as aforesaid, the sum of forty pounds, "' v

XXV. And be it ibrther emu&ed, That all and every person where the and persons that shall offend contrary so this present branch of trial shall be. this ftafote, shall be indieted, tried add proceeded agaidft by and before the justices of assize and gaol-delivery of that county for the time being, or before the justices of the court of King's bench, and be there proceeded against according to the laws and statutes of this realm against traytors, as if the said offence had been committed in the same county where such person or persons shall be so taken; any law, custom or ftafote to the contrary m any wise notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided always, That if any peer of this rfeaJm shall p happen to be indicted of any offence made treason by this act, he mail have his trial by his peers as in other like cases of treq-son is accustomed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any subjeH of this realm at any time after one month next after the end of this present session of parliament, shall not resort or repair every Sunday to some church, chapel or same otbef ufaal place appointed for comriion prayer, and there hear divine service ac- t Eliz. «.. cording to the statute made in that behalf, in the first year of the

reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, That then it shall and may be lawful to and for any one justice of peace of that limit, division

or

I

160 Anno tertio Jacobi. c. 4. [1605.

or liberty, wherein the said party shall dwtB, upnh proof unto him made of such default or confession of the party or oath of The forfeiture witness, to call the said party before him $ (a) and if he or she for not repair- shall not make a sufficient excuse and due proof thereof* to the ingtochurch satisfaction of the said justice of peace, that it shall be lawful y' for the said justice of peace to give warrant to the churchwarden of the said parifil wherein the said party shall dwell, under hit hand and seal, to levy twelve-pence for every fiidh default, by distress and sale of the goods of every such offender, rendring to the said offender the overplus of the money raised of the said goods so to be sold: (3) and that in default of such distrefe, it mall and may be lawful for the said justice of peace to commit every such offender to some prison within the said shire, division, limit or liberty, wherein such offender shall be inhabiting, until payment be made of the said sum or Turns so to be forfeited;

(4) which forfeiture shall be imployed to and for the use of the poor of that parish wherein the offender shall be resident or abiding at the time of such offence committed.

Within what XXVIII. Provided, That no man be impeached upon this fc^dcrhshallbec*au^e* except he be called in question'for his said default wkh-impeached. ° m one month next after the said default made.

But once pu-

XXIX. And that no man being punished according to this niOied for one branch, shall for the same offence be punished by the forfeiture offence. of twelve pence, upon the law made in the first year of the late Queen Elizabeth.

A repeal of

XXX. And because in one act of parliament begun and holden at two branches Westminster, in the five and thirtieth year of the late Queen Eliza-ofasEliz!^. beth, intituled, An act to retain the Queen's majesty's subjects'£ a.'in their due obedience. There are mo branches contained, the first

beginning thus: (And for that every person having a house or family, is in duty bounden to have efoedal regard of the good government and ordering of the same) andjo forth to the next clause, beginning thus, (Provided nevertheless, That this act)hall net in any wise extend to punish or impeach any persons for relieying, &c. ending with these words, Any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding) which said two branches or clauses are found defestive:

XXXI. Be it therefore enacted, That the said two branches or clauses of the said act, and no more, shall be by authority of this present parliament utterly repealed and made void.

Relieving or

XXXII. And in lieu thereof be it enacted, That every person keeping a re- and persons, which after one month next after the end of this cuumt m rut present session of parliament shall willingly maintain, retain, relieve, keep or harbour in his or their house, any servant, so-joumer or stranger, who shall not go to, or repair to some church or chapel, or usual place of common prayer, to hear df-vine service, but shall forbear the same by the space of one month together, not having a reasonable excuse, contrary to the laws and statutes of this realm, shall forfeit ten pounds for every month that he, she or they shall fo1 relieve, maintain, retain, keep or harbour any such servant, sojourner or stranger in his or their house, so forbearing as aforesaid.

1605.I Anno tertio Jacobi. c.^ i6t

XXXIII. And that every pedoo which shall within the time Retaining a aforesaid, retain or keep in his, her or their service, fee or Jivery, any person or persons, which shall not go to, or repair to ec or

forte church, chapel or ufuad place of common prayer to hear divine fervicte, but shall forbear the lame by the space of one month together, ' shall forfeit for every month, he, she or they shall so retain, keep or continue in his, her or their service, fee or livery, any such person or persons so forbearing as aforesaid* knowing the fatne, ten pounds; the same penalties to be recovered and imployed in manner and form hereafter following.

XXXIV. Provided nevertheless, That this act shall not in Thc patbcf any wife extend to punish or impeach any person or persons for mother, ward, maintaining, retaining, relieying, keeping or harbouring his, &c. person her or their father or mother, wanting, without fraud or covin, committed by other habitation, or sufficient maintenance, or the ward of any authornt3r-such person, or any person that shall be committed by authority to the cuAody of any by whom they shall be so relieved* maintained or kept; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstandinjr.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by authority of this pre- Breaking a sent parliament, That upon any lawful writ, warrant or process house to take awarded to any sheriff or other officer, for the taking or ap- a recusant exprehending of any popish recusant (landing excommunicated for C0Ifimunicate. such recusancy, it shall be lawful for such sheriff or other officer authorized in that behalf, if need be, to break open any houfo Wherein such person excommunicate shall be, or to raise the power of the county, for the apprehending of such person, and the better execution of such warrant, writ or process.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every of- in what courts fence to be committed or done against this present act, shall and the ounces may he enquired of, heard and determined before the justices of J* hcarc* the King's bench, justices of assize and gaol-delivery, in their a*dctcrmia- several raizes and gaol-deliveries j (2) and all offences other than treason shall be enquired, heard and determined before the justices of peace in their general or quarter-sessions to be holden within the shire* division, limit or liberty wherein such offence shall happen.

XXXVII. Provided always,nd be it enacted by the autho- Attainder of rity aforesaid, That any attainder of felony made felony by this felony, no for-ad as ia aforesaid, shall not in any wise extend to take away the^dower of the wife of any such person attainted, or be any bar ruption 0/°^ for the recovery of the tame, nor shall make or work any cor- blood, ruption of blood, or disherison of any the heir or heirs of any such person or persons so attainted; this act, or any thing the re* in contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any action or The pica to an sdtion9 shall at any time hereafter be commenced or Drought a- action brought gainst any person or persons doing, committing, or command-inganyadl or thing, for or concerning the execution of this of tbislUtuu present statute* or any article or clause therein contained;

That then every defeftaftnt in fucti action or actions, may plead Vot. VII. M the

asti cal court reserved.

x6i Anno tertio Jacobi. c.$l \ 1605.

the general issue, and be received to maintain the same by any evidence that shall prove his doings and proceedings warrantable - by this law.

The authority

XXXIX. Provided always, That neither this act, nor any ecclesi- thing therein contained, shall extend to take away or abridge the authority or jurisdiction of the ecclesiastical censures, for any cause or matter, but that the Commissioners of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in causes ecclesiastical, for the time be* ing, and the archbishops, bifltops, and other ecclesiastical judges, may do and proceed, as before the making of this act they lawfully did or might have done; any thing in this act. to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person shall be charged or chargeable with any penalty or forfeiture by force of this act, which mall happen for his wire's offence in not receiving the said sacrament during her marriage, nor that any woman shall be charged or chargeable with any penalty or forfeiture by force of this act, for any such offence of not receiving, which shall happen during her marriage.

XLI. Provided also, and be it enacted by authority of this pre-

No forfeiture for the wife's offence.

Who may

t^ce the oath sent parliament. That in all causes whereany bishop or justices of a noble -

man or woman.

of the peace may by force of this act require and take of apy subject the oath above mentioned. That the lords of the privy council for the time being, or any fix of them, whereof the lord.chan-celior, lord treasurer, or the principal secretary for the time, to be one, shall have full power and authority by force of this act, at any time or times, to require and take the said oaths before mentioned, of any nobleman or noblewoman (then being above the age of eighteen years ;,) (2) and if any such nobleman or noblewoman (other than women married) shall refuse to take such oath or oaths. That in every such case, such nobleman or noblewoman shall incur the pain and danger of a pramunire.

Who shall take

XLII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority of this

the oath m parliament, That where any person or persons shall go or pass our of the cinque ports, or any member thereof, to any parts beyond the seas, to serve any foreign prince, state or potentate, that in.every such case, the lord warden of the cinque ports for the time being, or any person by him in that behalf appointed or to be appointed, shall have full power and authority by virtue hereof, to take the bond, and minister the oath to such passengers, as is above mentioned.

CAP. V.

xfi R. 2. c.

the cinque porta

An act to prreent and avoid dangers which grow by popish

recusants.

WHEREAS divers jejuits, femnaries andpopifl.) pricfls daily do withdraw many of his Majestys subjects from the true fir-vice of Almighty God, and the religion established within this realm, to the Rcmish religion, and from their loyal obedience to his Majesty, and havl of late secretly perswaded divers recusants and papists, and encouraged and emboldened them to commit niojl damnable treafinsy

tending

6

163

1605.] Anno tertio Jacobi. c.£/

tending to the overthrow of God's true religion, the defiruflim of Us Majesty and his royal iflitei and the overthrow of the whole state and commonwealth, if God of his goodness and mercy had not within few hours before the intended time, of the execution thereof % revealed and difdofed the same; (2) wherefore to discover and prevent such fe-cret damnable conspirades and treasons as hereafter may be put in ure by such evil dispose'd persons, if remedy be not therefore provide?; (3) be it enacted by the King's most excellent ma- The reward of jeity, the lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons, in him who dif- this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the coveretha same. That such person as shall first discover to any justice of ^nc or peace, any recusant or other person which shall entertain or relieve any jesuit, seminary or popish priest, or shall discover any mass to have been said, and the persons that were present at such mass, and the priest that said the same, or any of them, within three days next after the offence committed, and that by reason of such discovery any of the said offenders be taken and convicted or attainted, That then the person which hath' made such discovery, shall not only be freed from the danger and penalty of any law for such offence, if he be an offender therein, but also shall have the third part of the forfeiture of all such Turns of money, goods, chattels and debts, which shall be forfeited by such. offence, (so as the same total forfeiture exceed not the ium of one hundred and fifty pounds; (4) and if it exceed the sum of one hundred and fifty pounds, the said person so discovering the said offence shall have the sum of fifty pounds only for every such discovery ;,) (cj and such person so discovering the same, after conviction of the offender, shall have a certificate from the judges or justices of peace before whom such conviction shall happen, to be directed to the sheriff or other officer of the same county, limit or place, that shall seize the goods or levy the said forfeir ture, commanding the said sheriff or other officer to pay the same accordingly to him that so discovered the same, out of the monies to be levied by Virtue of the said forfeitures, which warrant and payment shall be effectual in the law for that purpose, and a sufficient discharge in that behalf for the sheriff, or other officer upon his account.

II. And whereas the repair of such evil-ajfeRtd persons to the £ recusant court, or to the city of London, may be very dangerous to his Ada- {q the wurtT6 jessy's perfoHy and may give them more liberty to meet, consult and plot their treasons and practices against the state, than if they should be refrained and confined unto their private houses in the country: (2) for remedy hereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That no popish recusant convicted or to be convicted shall come into the court or house where the King's majesty, or his heir apparent to the crown of England shall be, unless he be commanded so to do by the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, or by warrant in writing from the lords and others of the most honourable privy council of the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, or any of them; (3) upon pain to forfeit for every time fooffending, one hundred pounds; the one moiety to the King's

t6+ Anno tertio Jacobi. c.$. fn&j'5V

majesty, his heirs and successors; the other moiety to him that toil! discover and sue for the same, by action of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record, wherein no essoin, protection or wager of law shall be allowed. Hecufants

III. And that all popish recusants indicted or convicted, and shall depart all other persons, which have not repaired to some usual church from London. or chapel, and there heard divine service, but have fbrbom the same by the space of three months last past, contrary to the lam and statutes of this realm, dwelling, abiding or remaining within the city of London, or the liberties thereof, or within ten miles of the said city, shall within three months next after the end of this session of parliament, depart from the said city of London, and ten miles compass of the same; (2) and also shall deliver up their names to the lord mayor of London, in case such reeufant do dweM or remain within the said city of London, or the liberties thereof: (3) and in case the said reeufant shall dwell or remain in any other county within ten miles of the same city, then the said reeufant shall deliver up his or her name to the next justice of peace within such county where the said reeufant shall so dwell or remain, within forty days after the end of this session of parliament; (4) upon pain that every person so offending herein shall forfeit to our sovereign lord the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, the sum of one hundred pounds; the one moiety whereof shall be to the King's majesty, his heirs and faccessors; the other moiety to him or them that will sue for the same by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in iny of the King's majesty's courts of record, wherein no essoin, protection or wager of law shall be admitted or allowed.

IV. And that aH popish recusants which shall hereafter come; dwell or remain within the said city of London or the liberties thereof, or within ten miles of the said city, which now are or hereafter shall be indicted or convicted of such recusancy, or which shall at any time hereafter not repair unto some usual church or chapel, and there hear divine service, but shall forbear the same by the space of three months, contrary to the laws and statutes of this realm, shall within ten days after such indictment or conviction depart from the said city of London, and ten miles coftipafs of the same, and also shall deliver up their names to the lord mayor of London for the time being, in case such reeufant shall dwell or remain within the said city of London or the liberties thereof; (2) and in case the said reeufant shall dwell or remain in any other county within ten miles of the said city, then, the said reeufant shall deliver up his or her name to the next justice of peace within such county where the said reeufant shall so dwell or remain, within the said ten days next after such indictment or conviction; (3) upon pain that every person offending herein shall iikeyife forfeit to our said sovereign lord the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, the like sum ef one hundred pounds; the one moiety whereof shall be to the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that will sue for the same byaction of debt, bill, plaint

1605.] Anno tertio Jacobi. c. 5. 16$

or information, in any of the King's majesty's courts of record, wherein no essoin, protection or wager of law shall be admitted or allowed.

V. Provided always, That such person or persons as now use Tradesmen any trade, mystery or manual occupation within the said city of ?ncj London, or within ten miles of the same, and such as have or m-ondon« shall have their only dwelling within the said city, or ten miles compass of the same, not having any other dwelling or place of abode elsewhere, shall or may remain and continue in such place within the said city, or ten miles of the same, as they have dwelled, inhabited or remained in by the space of three months next before this present session of parliament; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas by a statute made at Westminster in the five and 35 El*. c-thirtieth year of the reign of S$ueen Elizabeth, intituled, An act for the retraining of popish recusants to some certain place of abode, it was among/} other things ordained and' enabled. That every popish retufant then or after convicted for not repairing to church, €hapely or usual place of common prayer, having any certain place of dwelling and abode within this realmy should within the time limited by the said statute repair to their place of usual dwelling and abode, or'not having any certain place of dwelling or abode within this realmy should likewise within the time limited by the said statute repair to the place where such person was horny or where the father or mother of such person should be dwelling, and not at any time remove or pass a-hove five miles from thencey under the pains in the said statute limited 00 and provided; (2) which statutey by reason of sundry licences given unto such recusants, under colour of a proviso in the find statute contained, bath not wrought that good effect in the commonwealth as was hoped: (3) be it therefore enacted and ordained by this present parliament, and by the authority of the same, That the said statute made in the said five and thirtieth year of the said Queen 35 1". C-jElizabeth* for and concerning the confining of the said recusants under the pains and penalties therein contained, shall by this act, and by the authority of the same, be confirmed, and be hereafter put in due execution, according to th? tenor, true ini-tent and meaning of the said statute in that behalf made: (4) A repeal of a and that the said proviso in the said statute contained, giving proviso con-power to grant licence or licences unto the said recusants, to go £"ncd mJthe and travel from or out of the compass of the said five miles, shall 3S^El?z.°c. be from and after the end of this present session of parliament touching ii- utterly repealed and void; any thing in the said statute to the cence to recu* contrary in any wise notwithstanding. fant*

VII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by this present parliament, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the King's most excellent majesty, his heirs and successors, or for three qr more of his Majesty's most honourable privy council, or for three or more of the pri-? vy council of his heirs and successors, in writing under the hands of the said privy counsellors, to give licence to every such re* Licence to a tufaflt tp go and travel out of the compass of the &d five miles, ^eudrant con"

M 3 Cro.Jac. 351.

166 Anno tertio Jacobi. c: g.: [160$.

for such time as in the said licence shall be contained, for their travelling, attendihj* and returning, and without any other cause to be expressed within the said licence: (2) and if any of the persons which are so confined by virtue of the said shallte, as is aforesaid, shall have necessary occasion'or bufinefe to go and travel cmt of the compass of the said five miles, that then and in every such case, upon licence ih writing in that behalf to be gotten, under the hands and seals of four of the justices of-peace of the same county, limit, division or place next adjoining to the place of abode of such recusant, with the privity and aiTent m writing of the bishop of the diocese, or of the lieutenant, or of any deputy-lieutenant of the same* county redding within the said county or liberty, under their hands and seals; (3) in every of which licence or licences in writing so to be had and made, shall be specified and contained both the particular cause of the said licence, and the time how long the said party licenced (half be absent, in travelling, attending and returning: (4) it shall and may thereupon be lawful for every such person to licenced, 'to go and travel about such their neeerfary business, and for such time only for their travelling, attending an<d returning, as shall be comprised in the said licence, the said party to licenced first taking his corporal oath before the said four justices of the peace, jor any of them (who shall have authority by virtue of this wSt to minister the same) that he hath truly informed them of the cause of his journey, and that he shall not make any causeless stays: effect of a (5) And that ail and every licence hereafter to be made in this licence to be behalf, contrary to the tenor, effect and true meaning of this l^ur^ufiimof atu!tc> utterly void, (histrate and of none else&; any

peace. 01 thing in the said former act, or in this act to the contrary not-

withstanding. ' (6) And every person so confined, which shall depart or go above fiye miles from the place whereunto he is or shall be confined, not having such licence, and not having taken such oath as aforesaid, shall incur the pain and penalty, and forfeit as a recusant convicted, and passing or going above five miles from the said place whereunto ne is or shall be confined, by the said statute of tricesimo quinta Elizabether, shouJ4 do. 4

' Vm. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no recusant convict shall at any time after the end of this session of parliament practice the common law of this realm as a fanftionf counsellor, ^clerk, attorney or solicitor in the same, nor shall practice the'civil law as advocate or proAor; (a) nor practice physick, nor use or exercise the trade or art of an apothecary; (3) nor shall be judge, minister, clerk or steward of or in any court, or keep any court, nor Audi be register or town-clerk, or other minister or officer in any court; "(4) nor shall bear any office cr charge as captain, 7 lieutenant, corporal, serjeant, an-ciembearer or other office in camp, troop, band or company of soldiers; nor shall be captain, master, ' governor, or bear any Office or charge of or in any ship, castle or fortress of the King's inajeft/s, his heirs and successors 5 (5} but be utterly disabled 4 - -' for

35 Elis. c. 1.

A recusant disabled to practise certain offices

1605.] Anno tertio Jacobi. c. 5. 167

for the same: (6) and every person offending herein shall also forfeit for every such offence one hundred pounds $ the one moiety whereof shall be to the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him that will sue for the same by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of the King's majesty's courts of record, wherein no essoin, protection or wager of law shall be admitted or allowed.

IX. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no popish recusant convict, nor any having a wife being a popish {fcak recusant convict, shall at any time after the end of this fettion of parliament, or any popish recusant hereafter to be convidl, of having a wife which hereafter shall be a popish recusant convidl,

at any time after his or her conviction, shall exercise any pul)-lick office or charge in the commonwealth, but shall be utterly diiabled to exercise the same by himself, or by his deputy; except such husband himself, and his children, which shall be above the age of nine years abiding with him, and his servants in houftiola, shall once every month at the lead, not having any reafoitable excuse to the contrary, repair to some church or chapel usual for divine service, and there hear divine service; (2) and the said husband, and such his children and servants as are of'meet age, receive the sacrament of the Lord's supper at such times as are limited by the laws of this realm, and do bring up his said children in true religion.

X. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a woman every married woman, being or that shall be a popish recusant married recu- convicted* (her husband not (landing convicted of popish regu- fant* fancy) which shall not conform her self and remain conformed, 7 ^ac

- J>ut shall forbear to repair to some church or usual place of common prayer, and there to hear divine service and sermon, if any then be, and within the said year receive the sacrament of the lord's (supper, according to the laws of this realm, by the jfpace of o^e whole year next after the death of her said husband, inall forfeit and lose to the King's majesty, his heirs and succes-for9, the issues and profits of two parts of her jointure, and two pprts of her dower, in three parts to be divided, during her life, of or out of any the lands, tenements or hereditaments, which are or were her said husbands, and also be disabled to be executrix or administratrix of her said husband, and to have or demand any part or portion of her said late husband's goods or chattels, by any law, custom or usage whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That A recusant every popish recusant which is or shall be convicted of popish re- shall be as ex-pufancy, shall stand and be reputed to all intents and purposes commumcat-disabled, as a person lawfully and duly excommunicated, and as % Bulftr. 155. if he or she had been so denounced and excommunicated according to the laws of this realm, until he or she so disabled shall

conform him and her self, and come to church, and hear divine service, and receive the sacrament of the Lord's supper, according to the laws of this realm, and also take the oath appointed 3 c#

find prpscribed in one other act made this prefejit session of par-

JV1 4 li ament.

I ft

What actions a recusant may prosecute.

Latch 172,77-

Jlccnfant*.marriages by priests, &c.

The baptism oi recusants children.

Anno tertio Jacobi. G.5. [1605.

lament, intituled, An act for the better dtfcevering and repreflkng of fopish recusants: (2) and that every person and persons lucd or to be sued by such person so disabled, shall and may plead the same in disabling of such plaintiff as if he or she were excommunicated by fehtence in the ecclesiastical court.

XII. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful for any such person so disabled, for and notwithstanding any thine in this law contained, to sue or prosecute any action or suit for or concerning only such of his or her lands, tenements* leases, rents, annuities and hereditaments, or for the issues and profits thereof, which are not to be seized or taken into the King's hands, his heirs or successors, by force of any law, for or concerning his or her recusancy, or any part thereof.

XIII. Ana for that popish recusants are not ufuatiy mart ted, nor their children christned, nor themselves buried according to the law of the church ^England, but the same an done superjlititmjly by popt/h persons in secret, whereby the days of their marriages, births and burials cannot be certainly known: (2j be it further enacted by authority of this prefect parliament. That every man being or which shall be a popish recusant convicted, ancj who (halT be hereafter married otherwise than in some open church or chape), and otherwise than according to the orders of the church of England, by a minister lawfully authorized, shall be utterly disabled and excluded to have any estate of freehold into any the lands, tenements and hereditament's of his wife, as tenant by the eottrte-fy of England: (3) and that every woman being, or which shall be, a popish recusant convicted, and who shall be hereafter married in other form than as aforesaid, shall be utterly excluded and disabled, not only to claim any dower of the inheritance of her husband, whereof (he may be endowable, or any jointure of the lands and hereditaments of her husband, or any of his ancestors, but also of her widow's estate and frank-bank in any customary lands whereof her husband died seised, and likewise be disabled and excluded to have or enjoy any part or portion of the goods of her said husband, by virtue of any custovn of any county, city or place where the same shall lie or be5 (4) and Cf any such man shall be married with any woman contrary to the intent and true meaning of this act, which woman hath or shall have no lands, tenements or hereditaments, whereof he may be entituled to be tenant by the courtesy, then such man so marrying as aforesaid, shall forfeit and loie one hundred pounds, the one half thereof to be to the King's majesty, his heirs and fac-cessors, and the other moiety to such person or persons 'as shall sue for the same by action or debt, bill, plaint or information, m any of the King's Majesty's courts of record, wherein noefibin, proteAion or wager of law shall be admitted or allowed.

XIV. And that every popish recusant which shall hereafter have any child born, shall within one month next after the birth thereof cause the same child to be baptized by a lawful minister, according to the laws of this realm, in the open church of the same parish where the child shall be born, or ip some other

1605.] Anno tertio Jacobi. C. 5.^9

church near adjoining, or chapel where baptism is usually admU ntftred: or if by infirmity of the child it cannot be brought to such place, then the lame shall within the time aforesaid be bapr traed by the lawful minister of any of the said parishes or places aforesaid; (2) upon pain that the father of such child, if he he living by the space of one month next after the birth of such child, or if he be dead within the said month, then the mother of such child, shall for every such offence forfeit one hundred pounds of lawful money of England* one third part whereof to be to the Xing's majesty, his heirs and successors; one other third part, to the informer, or him that will sue for the same, and the other third part to the poor of the said parish, to be recovered by action of debt, hill, plaint or information, in any of the King's majesty's courts of record, wherein no essoin, protection or wager of law shall be admitted or allowed.

XV. And if any popish recusent, man or woman, not be- The forfeiture jog excommunicate, shall be buried in any place other than in for bfuryinS the church or church-yard, or not according to the ecclesiastical laws of this realm, that the executors or administrators of cate, out of /every such person so buried; knowing the same, or the party the church or that causeth him to be ib buried, shall forfeit the sum of twenty churcji-yard. pounds; the one third part whereof shall be to our sovereign lord the King 5 the other third part to the informer, or him or them that will sue for the same; and the other third part to the poor of the parish where such person died, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of the King's majesty's courts of record, wherein no essoin, protection or wager of law shall be admitted or allowed.

XVI. And be it further enacted by this present parliament. The forfeiture That if the children of any subject within this realm (the said dct^f^the /children not being soldiers, manners, merchants, or their ap- realm.1"* C prentices or factors) to prevent their good education in England, 3 Jac.'x. c.*, or for any other cause, mall hereafter be sent or go beyond (eas, Hob. 73. without licence of the King's majesty, or fix of his honourable1 RoU* I0*f privy council (whereof the principal secretary to be one) under their hands and seals, That then all and every such child and children so sent, or which shall so go beyond the (eas, shall take no benefit by any gift, conveyance, descent, devise or other- v wife, of or to any lands, tenements, hereditaments, leases, ' goods or chattels, until he or they being of the age of eighteen years, or above, take the oath mentioned in an act of parliament made this present session, intituled, An act for the bettor discovering and repressing of popish ucufanu, before some justice of peace of the county, liberty or limit, where such parents of such children as shall be so sent, did and shall inhabit or dwell;

(2) and that in the mean time the next of his or her kin, which shall be no popish recusent, shall have and enjoy the said lands, tenements, hereditaments, leases, goods and chattels so given, conveyed, descended or devised, until such time as the person so sent or gone beyond the seas, shall conform him or herself, find take the aforesaid oath, and receive the fecrament of the

ford's

ij<. Anno tertio Jacobi. [1605.

lonfs flipper: (3) and after fiicji oath taken, and conforming Of himself, and receiving the sacrament of the supperof the Lord, he or they which have so received the profits of the hid lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods and chattels or any of them, shall make account of the profits so received, and in reasonable time make payment thereof, and neftore the value of the said goods to such person as shall so conform him or herself as afore-The forfeiture laid: (4) and that aii such persons as shall fend the said child of him who or children over seas, without licence as aforesaid (uidefs the child be ond "d ^Id or children be merchants, or their apprentices or (ac- the sea.y° tors, mariners or soldiers) shall forfeit one hundred pounds, to 3 Jac. 1. c. 4. be divided, had and recovered in three equal parts, whereof the aCsr-1. c. % t one third part shall be to the King, his heirs and successors, the 11 & 11 W«ot^cr p*rt to such as shall sue for the same, and the other jc. 4. f.*6. S third part to the poor of such parish where such offender doth inhabit or remain, by a6rion of.debt, Ml, plaint or information, in any the King's majesty's courts of record, wherein no eflotta, protection or wager of law shall be admitted or allowed.

The forfeiture

XVII. And fir that many subjects of this realm, being neither of mmbants, nor their fatten, nor apprentices, soldiers nor mariners,

epnt beyond^/*/* beyond the seas without licence, and are not as yet re*

f'turned, [ %,) be it further enacted by the authority of this present

parliament, That if any of the said persons so gone beyond the seas without licence, which are not yet returned, shall not within six months next after their return into this realm, then being of the age of eighteen years or more, take the oath above specified before same justice of { % eace of the county, liberty or limit, where such person shall inhabit or remain, that then every such offender shall take no benefit by any'gift, conveyance, defeent, devise, or otherwise, of or to any lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods of chattels, until he or they, being of the said age of eighteen years or above, take the said oath: (3) and that likewise in the mean time the next of km to the person so offending, which shall be no popHh recusant, shall have and enjoy the said lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods and chattels lo given, conveyed, defeended or devised, until such time as the person so offending shall conform himself, and take the aforesaid oath, and receive the said sacrament of the Lord's supper; (4) and after such conforming, taking of the said oath, and receiving of the said sacrament, he or they that shall have so received the profits of the said lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods and chattels, shall make account of the profits so received, and in reasonable time make payment thereof, and of the value of such goods and chattels, to such person as shall so conform hint or herself as aforesaid.

A recusant

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority of this fonttoa£ene-Prc*ent parliament, That every person or persons that is or fice, nor grant shall be a popish recusant convict, during the time that he an advowson. shall be or remain a recusant, shall from and after the end °k t^s Prc^ent fefl*on of parliament, be utterly disabled to pre-1 W. & M. £nt tQ any benefit core or without cure, prebend or any

1605.] Anno tertio Jacobi. c. 5. 171

other ecclesiastical living, or to collate or nominate to any free SeflT 1. c. «6. school, hospital or donatwe whatsoever, and from the begin- 11 Arm*i ning of this present session of parliament, shall likewise be dif- 1 at c* abled to grant any avoidance to any benefice, prebend or other ecclesiastical living.

XIX. And that the chancellor and scholars of the univer- The chancel-iky of Oxford* so often as any of them shall be void, shall |or an^chf°* have the presentation, nomination, collation and donation <^ shall prSnt to and to every such benefice, prebend or ecclesiastical living, a reoifant's Ichool, hospital and donative, let, lying and being in the coun- benefice in ties of Oxford, Kent, Middlesex, Sussex, Surrey, Hampshire* certain coun-Berkjbtre* Buckinghamshire, Gloucestershire, Worcestershire* Stafo fordjhhe* Warwickshire, Wiltshire* Smerfetshire, Devon/hire, Cornwal* Dorsetshire* Merrfordftnre* Northamptonshire* Pembrokeshire* Caerrnarthenfiire* Brecknockshire, Monmouthshire* Cardiganshire, Montgomeryshire* the city of London, and in every city and town, being a county of itself, lying and befog within any of the limits or predndls of any or the counties aforesaid, or in, or within any of them, as shall happen to be void during such time as the patron thereof shall be and remain a recusant con-vidl as aforesaid.

XX. And that the chancellor and scholars of the university of The chancel-Cambridge, shall have the presentation, nomination, collation Jor anrUfhor and donation of and to every such benefice, prebend or ecclesi- bridge, m" astical living, school, hospital and donative, set, lying and be-

ing in the counties of Essex* Hertfordshire* Bedfordshire* Cam+ brtdgeshire* Huntingtonshire* Suffolk* Norfolk y Lincolnshire, Rut-hndshire* Leicestershire* Darbyjhtre* tfottingbamshire, Shropshire*

Chtshire* Lancashire*Yorkshire* the county of Durham* Northumberland* Cumberland* Wefimerland* Radnorshire* Denbishire* Flint-shire, Carnarumshire, Angleseyshire, Merionethshire* Glamorganr shire, and in every city and town, being a county of itself, lying within any of the limits or precindls of any of the counties last before mentioned, or in or withfo any of them, as shall happen to be void during such time as the patron thereof shall be and remain a recusant convict as aforesaid*

XXI. Provided, That neither of the said chancellors and None shall be scholars of either of the said universities, shall present or nomi- presented who hate to any benefice with cure, prebend or other ecclesiastical ^efice. ^er living, any such person as shall then have any other benefice

with cure of fouls, and if any such presentation or nomination shall be had or made of any such person so beneficed, the said presentation or nomination shall be utterly void; any thing in this adfc to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. Moreover* lecause recusants convict are not thought meet A recusant

to be executors or adrmnistrators to any person or persons whatsoever* not be nor to have the education of their own children* much less of the chil- adminSbator iren of any other of the King9} subjeflsy nor to have the marriage of 1

them 5 (2) be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such recuiants convicted, or which shall be convicted at foe time of the death of any testator, or at the time of the '* w granting

IfZ

A recusant shall be no guardian.

Who shall have the ward? ship.

The King's wards.

Pppifh books.

Justices may search for books printed, See,

Anno tertio Jacobi. c.$. fi 605*

granting of any administration, shall be disabled to be executor or administrator by force of any testament hereafter to be made, or letters of administration hereafter to be granted, nor shall have the custody of any child, as guardian in chivalry, guardian itt socage, or guardian in nurture, of any lands, tenements or hereditaments, being freehold or copyhold, but shall be adjudged disabled to have any such ward ship or custody of any such child, or of their lands, tenements or hereditaments, being freehold or copyhold as aforesaid.

XXIII. And that for the better education and preservation of the said children, and of their estates, the next of the kin to such child or children, to whom the said lands, tenements or hereditaments of such child or children cannot lawfully defeend, who shall usually resort to some church or chapel, and there Sear divine service, and receive the holy sacrament of the Lord's (upper thfic£ in the yeair next before, according to the laws of tjiis realm, shall have the custody and education of the same child, and of his said lands and tenements, being holden in knights service, until the full age of the said ward of one and twenty years, and of his said lands, tenements and hereditaments, being holden in socage, as a guardian in socage, (a) and of the said lands, tenements and hereditaments holden by copy of court-roll of any manor, so long as the custom of the said manor fli^ll permit and allow the same j (3) and in every of the said cases shall yield an account of the profits thereof to the said yyard, as the case shall require.

XXIV. And that if at any time hereafter, any of the wards of the Xing's majesty, or of any other, shall be granted or sold to any popish recusant convidf, such grant or sale shall be utterly void and of none effect.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority of this present parliament, That no person or persons shall bring from be-

)rond the Teas, nor shall print, fell or buy any popifn primers, adies pfaiters, manuals, rosaries, popish catechisms, miffals, breviaries, portals, legends and lives or faints, containing superstitious matter, printed or written in any language whatsoever, nor any other fqperftitious books printed or written in the English tongue; (2) upon pain of forfeiture of forty shillings for every such book; one third part thereof to be to the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, one other third part to him that will sue for the same, and the other third part to the poor of the parish where such book or books shall be found, to be recovered by addon of debt, bijl, plaint or information, in any of the King's majesty's courts of record, wherein no essoin, protection or wager of law shall be admitted or allowed^ and the said books to be burned.

XXVI. And that it shall be lawful for any two justices of peace within the limits of their jurisdiction or authority, and to all mayors, bailiffs and chief officers of cities and towns corporate in their liberties from time to time, to search the

1605.] Anno tertio Jacobi. d.5. 173

houses and lodgings of every popish recusant convict, of of* every person whole wife is or shall be a popish recusant convict, for popish books and relicks of popery: (2) and that if any altar, pix, beads, pictures, or such like popish relicks, or any popish book or books, shall be found in their or any of their custody, as in the opinion of the said justices, mayor, bailiff or chief officer, as aforesaid, shall be thought unmeet for such recusant, as aforesaid, to have or use the same, shall be presently defaced and burnt, if it be meet to be burned: (3) and if it A crucifix de-be a crucifix, or other relick of any price, the same to be de- faced, faced at the general quarter-sessions of the peace in the county where the same shall be found, and the same so defaced to be restored to the owner again.

XXVII. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, Arecufimt> That all such armour, gunpowder and munition, of whatsoever armour, kinds, as any popish recusant convict within this realm of England, hath or shall have in his house or houses, or elsewhere, or in the hands or possession'of any other at his or their disposition, shall be taken from such popish recusants or others which have or shall have the same to the use of such popish recusant, by warrant of four justices of peace at their general or quarter-deffions, to be holden in the same county where such popish recusant shall be resident (other than such necessary weapons, as shall be thought fit by the said four justices of peace to remain and be allowed for the defence of the person 61 persons of such recusants, or for the defence of his, her or their house or houses) and that the said armour and munition so taken, shall be kept and maintained at the costs of such recusants, in such places as the said four justices of peace at their said sessions of the peace shall set down and appoint.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- The forfeiture laid. That if any such recusant having or which shall have any of a recusant such armour, gunpowder and munition, or any of them, or if armour1"8 any other person or persons which shall have any such armour, gunpowder and munition, or any of them, to the use of any such recusant, shall refuse to declare or manifest unto the said justices of the peace, or any of them, what armour he, she or they have, or shall have, or shall let, hinder or disturb the delivery thereof, to any of the said justices, or to any other person or persons authorized by their warrant to take and seize the same; then every such person so offending contrary to this statute in this behalf, shall forfeit and lose to the King's majesty, -his heirs and successors, his and their said armour, gunpowder and munition, and shall also be imprisoned by warrant of or from any justices of peace of such county, by the space of three months, without bail or mainprize.

XXIX. And yet nevertheless, be it enacted by the autho- a recusant rity aforesaid, That notwithstanding the taking away of such shall maintain armour, gunpowder and munition, the said popish recufanthls armour* shall and may be charged with the maintaining of the same,

and with the buying, providing and maintaining of horse, and

other

ij4 Anno tertio Jacobi. c.C.

[1605.

other armour and munition, in such fort as other his Majesty's subjects from time to time shall be appointed and commanded, according to their several abilities and qualities, and that the said armour and munition, at the charge of such popish recusant, for thepi, and as their own provision of armour and munition, shall be shewed at every muster, shew or use of armour to be had or made within the said county.

Ecclesiastical

XXX. Provided always, That neither this act, nor any censure*. thing therein contained, shall extend to take away or abridge the authority or jurisdiction of the ecclesiastical censures, for any cause or matter; but that the Commissioners of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in causes ecclesiastical, for the time being, archbishops, bishops and other ecclesiastical judges,

( may do and proceed as before the making of this act they lawfully did or might have done; any thing in this act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. VI.

An act to enable all his Majesty's loving subjects ^England and Wales, to trade freely into the dominions of Spain, Portugal and France.

Explained by

WHEREAS divers merchants have of late obtainedfroth the Jac. c. 9. King's most excellent majesty, under the great seal of England, The King a ^arSe charter of incorporation for them and their company to trade granted a into the dominions of Spain and Portugal, and are also most earnejl charter of in- suitors to obtain the like from his said Majesty for France, whereby corporation none and such as they /halt think ft> as being meer

tnerclhants to me*chantsy shall take benefit of the said charter, disabling thereby ail trade into others his Majesty's loving subjects of this realm of Englandi/ufWales, Spain, &c. who during all the time of her late Majesty's warsy were in divers Skinner 1 ja. respects greatly charged for the defence of their prince and country, and therefore ought indifferently to enjoy all the benefits of this most happy peace; (2) and also debarring them front that free enlarge-The several fnent of commn lraffick into those dominions, zubich othert his Ma-inconvenien- j(fifs subjects of his realms ^Scotland and Ireland do enjoy; (3) tie* that to the manifest impoverishing of all owners of ships, majlersy marinersy w°u]d ensue fishermen, ciotbiersy tuckersyfpinftersy and many thousands of all forts charter should of tidieraftfmeny besides the deer case of his Majesty's cujlomsy sub-take effect. feics and other impositions, and the ruin and decay of navigation, together with the abating of the prices of our woolsy cloth f corn and such like commodities, arising and growing within this hit said Majesty's realm of England, and thteYihancing of all French and Spanifti commodities, by reason of the insufficiency of the merchantsy they being few in number, and not of ability to keep the great number of cur ships and seafaring men aworky and to vent the great fiore of commodities which this his Majesty's dominion of England doth yield j (4) and by means that all owners and maritiersy with divers others (if theft incorporations should continue) shall be cut off from their ordinary means of maintenance, and preferring their estates \ andfinally, by reason that all French and Spanish commodities shall be in a few

mens

*75

1505.] Anno tertio Jacobi. c. 7.

mem hands: (5) in respect whereof, asalfifor many other manifold inconveniences growing thereby, much hurt and prejudice must needs redound to alihis Majesty's loving subjects of this his Highness realm of England, if reformation for the prevention of so great an evil be not had in due time: (6) for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and All the King's for all his Majesty's subjects of this his Highness realm of England subje&e may and kVales, from, henceforth at all times to have free liberty to trade into and from the dominions of Spain, Portugal and porm^fajld France, in such fort, and in as free manner, sis was at any France, time accustomed fithence the beginning of this his Highness most happy reign in this his realm of England, and at any time before the said charter of incorporation was granted, paying to the King's most excellent majesty, his heirs aftd fuc-cenors, all such customs and other duties as by the laws and statutes of this realm ought to be paid and done for the same: the said charter of incorporation, or any other charter, grant, aft, or any thing else, heretofore made or done, or hereafter to be done, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That this act, or any thing therein None restrain. contained, shall not be of force to enable or give liberty to any cd by person or persons to go over fess without licence, who by the [h^e^n^ laws and starutes of this realm, or by any statute hereafter to without be made, shall be restrained from going beyond the seas with- licence, out licence; any thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. VII.

An act to reform the multitudes and misdemeanors of attornies and foUcifors at law, and to avoid unntcessary fusts and charges in law.

FOR that through the abuse offundry attornies and solicitors by charging their clients with exceffrve fees and other unnecefjary demands, such as were not, ne ought by them to have been employed'or demanded, whereby the subjects grow to be overmuch burthened, and the praflife of the just and honest serjeant and counsellor at law greatly Jlandered: and for that to work the private gain of such attornies and solicitors, the client is oftentimes extraordinarily delayed: An attorney (2) be it enacted by the authority of this present parliament,

That no attorney, solicitor, or servant to any, shall be allowed mon^ywhich from his client or master, of or for any fee given to any serjeant he giveth for or counsellor at law, or of or for any sum or sums of money fees, Uc. given for copies to any clerk or clerks or officers in any court*Silk. 86. or courts of record at Westminster, unless he have a ticket sub- yn* feribed with the hand and name of the same serjeant or counsellor, clerk or clerks, or officers aforesaid, testifying how much, he hath received for his fee, or given or paid for copies, and at what time, and how often: (3) and that all attornies and A bill of solicitors shall give a true bill unto their matters or clients, or charges.

their

Anno tertio Jacobi. c.S.

fl*

Carthew 57, H7-

Kaynt. 245. An attorney delaying his client'sTuit,

a Geo. 2. c. 11 f.23;

tVho only

nies or folici-

tors.

a Geo. z.c.sj.

ffcetir affigtttf, of all other chargee <x>nceraing the tfeey have for them* subscribed with MsoWnhandund rame^ before such time a* they or any of them fliatt charge* their clients with any the same fees or changes: (4) and that Liinhe attorney dr fohritor do or shall willh^ty delay his cfaSnM foil* or demanding so work his own gain, or demand by his bill any othenfumCof more than his moneyj^allowance upon his account of any moneyswhaeis he hath not laid out or difourfed, that in every nich case*the pasty grieved shall have his action against such attorney or fotiakary and recover therein costs and treble damages, and thefidiat-tomey and solicitor shall be discharged from thenceforth fount being ah attorney or solicitor afiy more.

II. And to avoid the infinite numbers of folkatare and oXA shall be^attor- tornies be it enacted by the authority of this present parliament*-^at none fl^ll from henceforth be admitted attornies in any the King's courts of record aforesaid, byt such as have b$en brought up in the same courts, or otherwise well practised in soliciting of causes, and have been found by their dealings to be skilful and of honed disposition: (2) and that nohb to be suffered to solicit any cause or causes in any of the courts aforesaid, but only such as are known to be men of fuffidem^uhd No followingJionest disposition: (3) and that no attorney shall admit any other to follow any suit in his name; upon pain that batf&th* attorney and he that followeth any such suit in his name, vfharil each of them forfeit for such offence twenty pound; the »one moiety thereof to our sovereign lord the King, his hubs and successors, and the other moiety to the party grieyed, to be recovered in any of the said courts of record aforesaid, by original writ of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no mattneg of essoin, wager of law or protection shall be allowed: and that the attorney in such case shall be excluded from being an attorney for ever thereafter.

Cap. vm.

An act to avoid unnecessary delays of executions.

In what cases T^Forasmuch as his Highness subjects are vow more commonly execution Hi all JP holden from their just debts, and often in danger to lose the "0t n^heTuit feme^ h means of writs of error, which are more commonly fuedtba* ©fa writ of* heretofore they have been: (2) be it therefore enacted by the authority of this present parliament. That from and after, the end of this present session of parliament no execution (ha'll be flayed or delayed upon or by any writ of error, or Juperfedeas thereupon to be for reversing of any judgment given, or to be

CroVjac. 402. given, in any action or bill of debt upon any single bond For debt 5 1 Roll. 329, (3) or upon any obligation, with condition for the payment

of money only; (4) or upon any adiori or bill of debt for rent, or upon any contrail; ($) fuea in act, of his Highness courts of record at Westminster % or in the counties palatine of Chester, Lancaster or Durham, or in hii Higltnds courts of great fef-13 Car. fiat. fjons in any of the twelve shires of tValcs; (6) ufilefi* such per-c'2' son or persons in whose name or names such writ of error shall be

ot a suit in

another's

name.

2 Geo. 2. c. 2i.

£10.

error.

2 Bulftr. 53, 234-

Moor 853. pi. 1165.

39-?. Roll. 140. Farther prtyui-Jions relating lento.

180g] Anno tertio Jacobi. c. 9..tyj

be brought, with, two sufficient sureties, such a# the oourt+Mod. 7>».(wherein such judgment is or shall be given) shall allow of, gs» Utah firstbefore such flay made, or fupto be awarded, Mod.cafom be bound urtto the party for whom any such judgment is or law shall be given, by recognizance to be acknowledged in the lame court, in double the sum adjudged to be recovered by the said fonnerjudgment, to prosecute the said writ Of error with effect, and allio to satisfy and pay (if the said judgment be affirmed) all and Angular the debts, damages and coils, adjudged or to be adjudged upon the former judgment; andiall colt? and damages to be also awarded for the same delaying of execution. (7)Continuance This act to have continuance to the end of the hrll session of the ot , hi' statute* next parliament. Made perpetual by 3 Car. 1. 4. 16

iy.Car. z, c. 8.

CAP. IX.

An act for the relief of such as lawfully use the trade and handicraft of fanners-

WHEREAS the said artizan fanners before the one and Qjpitzatjeth's, twentieth year of the fate $ueen were at liberty, and usually 4M transport into the ea/t-iand countries, coney-Jktns, and lamb-flans chant8> that tailed morkius, of the growth of this kingdom, being in great request none but they in those countries, without contradiction: in which one and twentieth Should trans-gear of her Majesty's reign the east-Umd merchants procured a charter from her Mafljty, in which is contained a prohibition therein, that none but they the merchants of those countries might transport any merchandizes thither: (2) fitbence which time the said artizan fitin-hers have by colour of those letters patents been refrained from trans portation, and thereupon did for the maintenance of them and their. poor families apply themselves to their handy labours, and to provide and buy within this realm, as well of petty chapmen as others, the said flans within this kingdom 5 (3) and the Jurplufage over and above such as they wrought into manufactures, they sold to the said merchants that bad gotten the said Utters patents for transportation as aforesaid; (4) by reason whereof the said artizan Jkinners, with their wives and famuUsy lived in good manner, and maintained many thousandsy both towers and other workmeny and very many of them, were subsidy-meny and men that paid many duties in good fort; (5) Bywhitmean* until of late time that divers merchants and others, for their own art"?.n, private gaisiy do by themselves, their factors and servantsy in dif- tonneriuved. orderly and unmerchant-hke manner, buy* foreflally ingross and provide the said cmmodities, and so dr aw the whole trade into their own bands y and work the Jam in their own boufesy and not contented therewith* do likewifefell and retail the saidjkins here again unto other merchantf rangers, whereby they do deprive the said artizan Jkinners both from buying, felling and transportation, and thereupon the whole trade of artizan Jkinners is utterly impoverished 'generally throughout England:

11. Be it therefore enacted by our sovereign lord the King's Merchant* majesty, by the lords spiritual and temporal* and the commons, ftaiVa<3 in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of Yql. YU. N the

if*

fldns, nor transport them un-drtfled.

How many coney- flans at the Least a merchant must buy and at one time.

Whom only a flciimer may take to be nis apprentice or journeyman.

Who shall recover the forfeiture, and by what means.

Anno tertio Jacobi. C. 9. [1605.

the same, That no person or persons after the end- of three months next ensuing after the end of this present session of parliament, using the trade of merchandize or any other, shall chefs or cause to be are fled, in his or their house or houses, or by any prork-man appointed by them for that porpose (those workmen not bang artizan skinners, and using the trade of the artizan (fanners; any of the black coney-duns of this kingdom; (a) nor shall transport or carry beyond the seas, nor cause to be transported or carried beyond the fas, nor mall pack, ship or lade, to the intent to transport or carry beyond the fleas, any black eoney-skins of the breed of this realm, unless the same skins shall first be tawed and duly and perfectly wrought, dtdTed and packed within this realm, by tnofe that are artizan skinners or tawers unto the said artizan skinners, according for the science, art and faculty of theartltai) skinners; (3) upon pain bf forfeiture of such skins so paeked, flapped* laden and transported, contrary to this act, or the just and foil value thereof.

III. And be it funher ertafted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons using or exertifing the trade of a merchant, shall after the end of the said three months next' ett-suing after the end of this present session of parliament, buy, ' bargain or contract for, or cause to be bought, bargained 01* contracted for, any coney-lkins or lamb-ferns, commbnly called morkins, of the breed of this realm, or being yrithin this realm, under the number of one thousand black coney-lkins, or three thousand grey copey-dkins, or two thoiifend lamb-skins called morkins, at a time, and those not to bd bought or contracted for in or by pareels, but to be-com drafted for, bargained and delivered at one time intirely together, and hot by pareels, (except it be of theartizan skinners) (2) nor shall utter or fell the same again, nor any part thereof, to any person or persons withing this reaim in small parcels; that is to fey, under the number of'one thousand black coney-fkitis, and three thousand of grey concy-skins, and two thousand of morkins at a time, unless it be to the artizan fkmner*(3) upon-pain of forfeiture of the said skins or thefuH value of the same.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That after the end of the said three months next enfuiag after the end of this present session of parliament, no person at- persons shall take, retain or keep any servant, journeyman or apprentice, to serve or work with nim therein; except the said person so using or setting up the -feid trade, myftety or occupation, have served seven years at the ieaft as an apprentice therein, and do use the trade and handicraft of a skinner; (2) upon pain of forfeiture of the double value of all such fldns or furs as shall be dressed or wrought by such person or persons, his-or their servants, journeymen of apprentices, contrary to the intent of this act.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all forfeitures and penalties, which by force of this act shall'arise of grow, shall be divided and distributed in manner, and form Anno tertio Jacobi.

Anno tertio Jacobi. C.ro:

following, that it to fi»y, the one moiety of the feid penalties' and forfeitures afore-mentioned shall be to our sovereign lord, the King's majesty, his bars and successors, and the other moiety thereof, to such person or persons as shall seize the said fkms or furs so forfeited, or shall sup for the same penalties and fbrfeisures, by' adtkm of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any court of record: in which suits no essoin, protection or wager of law- frail be allowed.

VI. This act to endure until the end of the first section of The contlnw the next parliament. 3 Car. i- c. 4. Continued the endfance of this

the first feffian of the next parliament, and farther continued bp lbstatute-

Gar. r, r. 4.-

CAP. X.

An act for the rating and levying of the charges for conveying malefaMorsand offenders the gaol.

WHEREAS his Majesty's honest and loving ere.At whole much (burred and bnrthened in conveying felons, and other oharge an malefafter sand offenders against his Majesty's laws unto

the gaol, pumjbable by imprisonment there, the said felons and other SUf7

malefoBors and offenders, having goods and chattels of their own.-whereby to defray the same charge themselves, to the great euccurage-nxnt of such snalefaflorsand offenders in their wicked and bad

tturfu, and to the fUJceuragement of his said honest and

lavingfybjefts in profecssting the said malefactors and offenders to be peaftflsed according to their demerits: (a) be it enacted by the King's most excellent nvyefly, the lords spiritual and teipppmU and the commons in this present parliament assembled, and by authority' of the same, That all and every person and Mifons' whatsoever, that from and after the end of this present session of parliament, shall be committed to the common or ufuar gaol within any county or liberty within this realm, by any jwfticq or justices-of the peace, for any offeree or raifdemeanor to any fitch gaol, that the £ud person or persons so to be pommitted as aforesaid, having means or ability thereunto, frail bear their own reasonable charges for ib convtying nr fending them to the said gaol, and the charges allb of such as frail' be appointed tt> guard them to such gaol, and frail so guard them thither: (3) and if any such person or persons so to be committed as aforesaid, frail refuse at the time of their commitment and fending to the said gaol, to defray the said charges, How the or frail not then pay or bear the same, That then such justice charges shall or justices of the peace frail and may by writing under his of [he prisoner their hand and seal, or hands and reals, give warrant to the to^con liable or constables of the hundred, or constable or tythingr them, man of the tything or township where such person or persons frail be dwelling and inhabit, or from whence he or they shall be committed as aforesaid, or where he or they shall have any goods within the county or liberty, to fell such and so much of the goods and chattels of the said persons so to be committed as by the discretion of the said justice or justices of the peace shall Usisfv and pay the Charges of such his or their conveying and

N 2 fending

If the offender be not able to bear his charset the parinioners sail do it.

The remedy if any person taxed refuse t^pay*

The defendant's plea in an action brought for any thing done by force of this act.

Anno tertio Jacobi. c, i<). 6o£#

fending to the said gaol, the appraisement to be made by four of the boncft inhabitants of the parish or tything where such. goodsor chattels shall remain and be, and the overplus of the money which shall be made thereof to be delivered to the party to whom the said goods shall belong.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the said person or persons so to be committed as aforesaid, shall not have or be known to have any goods*or chattel* which may be sold for the purpose aforesaid within the county of liberty, That then an indifferent tax or assessment ibali her made by the constables and church-wardens, and two or three*, other the honed inhabitants of the parish, township or tything' where the said offender or offenders shall be taken or apprehended, the said taxation being allowed under the hand of one or more justice or justices of the peace, if there be 'such cortdables or church-wardens there inhabiting, and in default of kthetp, by. four of the principal inhabitants of the said parish, townlhk) joc tithing, where such offenders shall be taken or apprehended; (2) and if any so taxed or assessed shall refuse to pay their taid1 taxation, then the judice or judices of peace by whom the said offenders shall be committed to prison as aforesaid, or any other judice of peace next adjoining, shall and may give warrant a# 'aforesaid, to the constable, tithing-man or other officer, them to didrain the goods of any so allefled, which shall refuse to pay the same, and to sell the same 5 (3) and that such person-Or persons so authorized, shall have full power and authority so to didrain, and by appraisement of four substantial inhabitants of the said place, to fell a sufficient quantity of the goods and chattels of the said persons so refusing; for the levying of the said taxation; and if any overplus of money come by the sale thereof, the same to be delivered Xo the person or persons, owner or owners thereof.

III. And be it enacted by the authority of this present parliament, That if any action of trespass or other salt shall happen to be attempted or brought against the person or persons for taking of any didress, making of any sale, or any other act by authority of this present act, the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit, shall and may either plead not guilty, or otherwise make avowry, cognizance or justification for the taking of the said didresses, making of sale or other ad by virtue of this act, (2) alledging in such avowry, cognizance or judifica-lion, that the said didress, sale, trespass or other thing whereof the plaintiff or plaintiffs complained, was^done by authority of this act, and according to the tenor, purport and effect of this act; without any expressing orrebearfal of any other matter of cirtrum-stance contained in this present act: (3) to which avowry, cognizance or justification the plaintiff shall be admitted to freply. That the defendant did take the said didress, made the said sale, or did any other act or trespass supposed in his declaration, of his own wrong, without any such cause alledged by the said defendant $ whereupon the issue in every such action shall be

*6q5.] Anno tertio Jacobi. c.j i. iU

joined to be tried by verdict of twelve men, and not otherwise, accustomed in other personal actions; (4} and upon the trial'of that issue, the whole matter to given on both parties in evidence, according to the very truth of the same; (5) and The defend-aftet such issue tried for the defendant, or honfuit of the plain- ant tiff, after appearance, the said defendant to recover treble da- damages and mages by reason of his wrongful vexation in that hchalf, withcolb coin also on that part sustained, and that to be afiefled by the fame-jury, or writ to enquire of the damages, as the same shall require: (6) this act to continue until the end of the first fef- The cpntlnu-lion of the next parliament. 3 Car. 1. r. 4. Continued until the of end ofihefirst feffron of the next parliament, and farther continued by 16 Car. x. r. 4.

CAP. XI.

An act for transportation of beer over the seas.

WHEREAS by a statute made in the first year of the reign

our new mojt gracious fbveretgn lord King James, it is law* jful to tronjpart over the seas barley or malty when the common price person, and 7 thereofshall not exceed the prices in the said fatute limited \ {a.) by to what places which said act it is lawful for every person and persons, being sub-«Jac*$

jebfs of the King"s majesty, his heirs dndsuccessors, to transport of hie'own. and to buy and transpert unto any port beyond the seas in amity with his Majesty, to fell as merchandise, inships, crqyers or other; veffehy ivhtreof any English-born subject or subjects then shall be the owner or owners, any barley or malt, when the price of every such quarter of barley or malt exceeds not at tpe times, havens and plates? where and when the same shall be shipped or laden, the sum of fourteen Jhiliings current English money, paying to the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, for the custom and poundage of every such 'quarter of barley and malt so transported, the sum of sixteen-pence, yn full satisfaction of all manner ofeuftom and poundagefor the same

(7) nowfor that by the transporting of beer, the eujlom and poundage The seven$ that will grow due to the King's majesty for the same beer will be ^ne?tfri" much greater, than when the barley or malt whereof the said beer is made Is transported, and also that the navy and mariners of this realm Of beer more twill be the more encreased, for that one ship or boat load of barley or than of malt. malt will, if the same be brewed out into beer, make fourjeveral ships or boats load of the same burthen of beer to be transported: (4) the tillage likewise of this realm will be cherished andincreased, by reason of the moreJpeedy and often venUof the beer than of barley or malt:

(5) and (dfo by the brewing of such malt into beef within this realm pj be transported\ divers port-towns will be greatly comforted and relieved, many of his Majesty's subjects thereby impbyed and set on work, and the trades of coopers and brewers will be thereby better enabled to live and maintain themselves, their wives, children and families:

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent At what timea majesty, the lords spiritual and temporal, and by the commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority ! N 3 of 7

\Zt Annb tircib JfAdoSL* C. 1&

t>F the same, That at all times from and after the feast tt pen-tecoft which shall be in the year of our Lord God ong&oufahd six hundred and seven, it shall and may be lawful for all and every person and persons to transport of his own, or to buy ?md transport, or cause to be bought and transported, any beet fcfith the calk, unto any place or phcts beybnd the leas in afbftjf add league with his Majesty, his heirs or successors, to fell as chandize or otherwise, in ships, crayers, Or other veffds^ wfiftt the price of every quarter of malt at the times, havens and places, when and where the same shall be shipped and loadth, exceed not the sum of sixteen shillings current English money; shy ordinance, law or- statute to the contrary, thereof in any Wife What impost notwithstanding: (2) and that the King's majesty his heirs and and custom successors, ftiallhave and receive by the customers, comptrollers ^beertranf-an<* °ccr* of his ports where fitch beer shall bet> shipped or r^etedr m ' loaden to be transported, the sum of eight shillings six pence ? for impost, and eighteen pence for custom, to be paid by eJeiy subject of the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, for dvery ton of beer ib to be transported: (3) and Likewise the ftim or ten ftiillings for impost, and two and twenty pence half-peny for custom, to be paid by every strahger; (4) which (half be in full satisfaction of all manner of custom, poundage, impost, or other duties whatsoever for the same beer; any constitution, order, law, statute or custom heretofore made, used or t^keft for transporting of any such beer, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

15 El. c. xi.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted and declared, That this act nor any thing therein contained, shall extend to repeal or make void any dause, article or provision contained in any former law now in force, touching the bringing in of clapboard, calk or (haffoldboard, but that every such branch, article, dause or provision, shall extend as well unto all and every transportation or transportations made lawful and warranted by virtue of this act, as otherwise; any thine con-Tht continu- tained in this act to the contrary notwithstanding. (2iThis a«ce of this act to continue but to the end of the first session of the next* parliament. 3 Car. 1. c. 4. Continued until the end of the first

fejp.cn of the next parliament^ and farther continued by ib Car. 1, c. 4. altered by 1 IV. & Xf. Jl. 1. c. 22.

CAP. XII.

An act for the better preservation of seafish.

The forfeiture T?QRASMUCH as it is certainly known by daily experience, that for setting up X1 the brood offea-fjh is spawned and lieth in fill waters, where °* fnC<Tft ^lt tnaf ^ave re- 10 receive nourfoment, and grow to perfection, and ?ng thlt ;s there destroyed by wears, draw-nets, and nets with canvas, or Ifry of fidi. or like engines in the middle or bosom of them, in harbours, havens and Came* of the creeks within this realm, to the great damage and hurt of fishermen, o? and hindrance of the commonwealth, for that every wear near the 1 0 main featakelh in twelve bours, sometimes the quantity of five bushel: y

sometimes ten, sometimes twenty or thirty bushels of the brood of sea-

fifo i

?*?95-3 Anno tertio Jacobi. c.i?.

; did also tbtft which use draw-ruts, nets with canvas, or engines

in the midff of them, do eyetj day they fish, dejiroy the brood of ah the farts effjb aforesaid in great multitudes^ II. for reformation Whereof, be it enacted by the authority of this present parliament, That every person and persons that from and after the five and twentieth day of July next ensuing this session of parliament, (haflereft or Tet up any new wear or wears along the sea-shore, or in any haven, harbour or creek, or within five miles of the mouth of any haven or creek, or shall willingly take? destroy or (poll any (pawn, fiy or brood of any seafish, in any wear or other engine or device whatsoever.

shall forfeit for every time so erecting, setting up, taking-, destroying or spoiling contrary to this an, the (urn of ten pounds of good and lawful money of England, the one half to the King's majesty, his heirs Or successors, and the other half to

him that wiU sue for the same t (a) and that every person which Theforfatore

after the first day of October next ejifuing this femon of parliament, in any haven, harbour, creek, or within five miles of the JJjt* and «T-

mouth of any haven, harbour or creek of the sea, shall fish with gfuct,

any draw-net or drag-net under three inches meafh, viz: one (

inch and an half from knot to knot, except for the taking of fmoulds in Norfolk only, or with any net with canvas, or other engine or device, whereby the spawn, fiy or brood of sea-fish may be destroyetl, shall forfeit such net, and also forfeit for every time so doing, ten shillings of lawful money of England, the one half to the use of the poor people of the city, town corporate, borough, market-town, parish or liberty, where the offence or offences shall be committed, and the other half to the person. that shall fije for the same j (3) the said forfeitures to be levied to the uses aforesaid, by the mayor, bailiff, or other head offi9er of every city, borough of town corporate: and by warrant of one or more justices of peace, it shall be lawful for the cofiftabies and churchwardens of every market-town, parish or liberty within which any such offence or offences shall be done, by way of distress and tale of the offender's goods, rendring to them the furpjufage, according to the order of former statutes In such cases of forfeitures ordained*

III. Provided always, That this act, or any thing- therein What fort of COqtained, shall not extend to punish any person or persons for fifo may be using any net or nets of Jester mea(h than is by this statute aps- t^en wlFV.*?e pointed, only for taking of herrings-, pilchards, sprats or iavia- ^ro 1*" nian; any thing in this act to the contrary in any wise notS-withstanding.

IV. Provided further. That this act shall not extend to the Anglesey. isle Sfid county of Anglesey.

i&4 Anno tertio Jacobi. G.19^ £r$e$,

CAP. XIII.

An act against unlawful ft eating' Her tff/f

v comes4 jj i-nA Vi

Certain often-Yi|THEREASy?«r the making of the ftotutefeynsteea eenbb*or wh'ch Eliaabethjo, tap. 21. there have been dwers groundsdnmfei^ £1? &*i°hath and used and kept for the prefepmtitu and maintaumie of diet am not provided ponies(a) and whereas there is not by the fdddatuto' of qtrimp

imminent. EBzab, neither by any ether act now in forty, any fiefieientnwardo provided against such malefatiors and .(bast, bunt or kill any the deer or tomes within grounds^fitheme

the said Jiatuteff/'quinto Elizabethan and kept, uftd far

the maintenance and preservation of the fail game as at'any

former grounds whith Save been fithenct the making ihefadftuttetr

in any part altered: (3) by reason whereof many riots, mtnjknighrerTL mfthiefs, and other inconvenience have been daily commiaddamd done, and like to be committed pud done, if circumjpeft reaiedp be Hit hereunto provided:

The penalty II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent foa-4»r breaking the lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons, '-of

xtn^orfor {his present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the limiting of same, That if any person or persons, after the feast of St. fanes deeror conie*. she appltle next ensuing, shall in the night-time, or by day, statCar*wrongfully or unlawfully break or enter into any park impaled, Fartbtrprlvi- or any other several grounds, ipclosed with wall, pale orhedge, Jed for by j«nd used or kept for the keeping, breeding and cheri filing of

7 Jac. i. c. 13. any deer or conies, and yyrongfnjly or unlawfully (hah hunrj r #' drive or chafe out, or ta^e, kill or l)ay any deer or conies within any such impaled park, or closed ground with pale, wall or Other inclosureas aforesaid, against the wilU pjind qr pleaforp of the owners, occupiers or possessioners of the same, pot hari ing lawful title or authority so to do, and thereof (half bp lawfully convicted at the suit of pur fqvereign lord tfte Kingship heirs or successors, or the party grieyed, shall <u % r ipnpriion-inent of his or their bodies by the space of three months; (2) and also shall yield and pay to the party grieved his treble damages and coils, to be anefled and rated by the justjees beforri whom he or they shall be convicted, after the said three month? expired, ( 3) and shall find sufficient sureties for lfts and their*good a bearing against the King, his heirs and successors, and

all his liege people, for the space of (even years after, or eUf shall remain and continue stili in prison without bail or mainr pril Ipiuntil such time as he or they so offending -shall find sufficient sureties during the said time apd space of (even years;

What joitices

III. And be it likewise enabled by the authority aforesaid, may hear and That the justices of oyer and terminer, justices of arnze in their o^cet afore- c'rcl"ts> a°d justices of peace and gaol-delivery in their sections, said, " shall by virtue hereof have power and authority to esquire, hear

r rinddetermine all and singular; the said offences, by examination of the offenders, and to make and award process thereupon, as yrell upon indictments taken before them, as by bill of complaint

Anno tertio Jacobi. c; t g.

plaint. Information or any other action; in which said fok or action, ho efioin? wager of law or protetSion shall be allowed.

IV. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That k shaft and may be lawful to the party grieyed, to sue and ftfce his farther remedy against aH and every such offender and offenders, for his loss and damages, and to recover the treUe value of the same in that behalf, as west before the justices of qvr<aed terminer, justices of aiSze in their circuits, and justices <*f the peace and gaoUddively in their sessions, or elsewhere in any other the King's majesty's courts of record at /a) and that upon true satisfaction of the said treble damages to the party grieyed, or upon the confeflkm or acknowledgment thereof by the said party offending, before the justices ip open sessions ho)den for the pounty wherein the lame offence shall be committed, it shall be at the liberty of the said party grieyed, to whom the said offence is committed, to refeafe at nis pleasure the furetiftup of the good behaviour, at any time within thefoid seven years or before; anything in this- pre-font aft before mentioned or declared to the contrary notwish-standing.

V. And be it also further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons not having any manors, lands, feebments or hereditaments, ' of the deaf yearly, value of forty pounds; or not worth-ip goods or chattels the sum of two hundred poopds, shall' use any gun, bow or cross-bow, to kill any deer or conies, or shall keep-tay buckftalis or engine-bayes, gate-nets, purfc-nsts, ferrets or copey-^ogs, except such penqn or persons- as shall have apy ground imparked with pale, or inclosed with wgl) or hedge as aforesaid, used for the keeping, breading or cherishing of any deer or conies, the increasn^ which mid conies fttaU amount to the clear yearly value of forty shillings to beletten-at die lead, or keepers of warreners in their parks, -warrens or grounds belonging to their charge; That then auy-person having lands, tenements or hereditaments, of the dear -yearly value of one hundred pounds in fee-simple, foe-tail or for life, in his own right, or in the right of his wife, may take from the person or ppfsession of such malefeftor or malefactors, and to his own use for ever keep, such guns, bows, cross-boffs, buckftalis or engine-hays, gate-nets, purse-nets; ferrets and pony-dogs.

Vlt And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any pejrfon or persons at any time hereafter shall fortune to be bound before any the justices before mentioned, to the King, his heirs or successors, for his or their good shearing for seven years, according to the tenpr of this act, and the lame party or parties so bound, shall afterward within the said seven years come before the justices of the peace of the said county where the said offence was committed, or some of them, in open quarter-sessions, and there in the said sessions confess and Pfkqowfedge Ips or their feid offence or offences, and that he

of

The remedy of the party grieved.

In what case the furetishi» of the good behaviour may be released by the par* ty gyieved.

The penalty for (hooting with gun or bow at deer or comes, or for keeping of engine*

In what c*f« the justices may di (charge the suitor of good abear-y ing.

i6$ Anno tertio Jacobi. C. 14 [1695.

or they is or are ferry, therefore, and fetisfy the J»rty#r parties grieyed, according to the tenor of this act: That then tpe same justices before whom the said confession shall be so mad<^ shall - and may havejpower and authority by virtue of this act, lathe

same open femoos, or in any gther sessions afterwards to' be holden before the said justices in the said county, within the said term of seven years, if it shall seem good to their discretiona, to discharge the said recognizance and bond fe taken, and.life the said party and parties so bound; this act, or any thing therein contained, to the-contrary thereof notwithstanding.

A park or

VII. Provided always, That this act, or any tiling herein whSom the contained, do not extend to any park or inefefed ground^. King* licence, hereafter to be made and used for deer or conies, without the

Sot or licence of our (bvereign lord the King, his heirs or cdlbrs.

-Offences com-

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. Tint this nutted in the act, nor any thing therein contained, shall extend to any of- t fence or offences concerning the hunting, chasing, or killing of

jjac. 1. c. 13. <fe*r or conies, which shall be done or committed in the day- time, but only to such offences as shall be hereafter done nr committed in the night-time only; any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof notwithnandine. 3 Car. jfe. 4. fen-tismed until tbt end rf the first ftssion of the farther continued by 16 Qur. 1.t, 4.

CAP. xiv.

An act for explanation of tbt fiatnte of sewers.

Water-cour- FORASMUCH at the ditches, bants, gutters,

fe, falling in-gates, cawfcys, bridges, streams and in and about

to the Thames the city of London, where of boats is having the ir

within two coserji and fallinto the river of Thames, where tt doth ebb

don shall be and flow, and is used for free passage of boats to the sea, are dtneady

subject to the by the commijfuri of fewersappointed to he reformed amt

commission of amended where need shall require, and are as needful and meet to be ^"h*' surveyed, reformed and amended from noyance of the fend Liver if #3 H. s. c. j. Thames, by the of of as those rivers, fir earns and

water-courses where me water doth sifmlly ebb or flow, (a) and where more usual paffbge of boats hath, and yet are not Under the

survey, correiTion and amendment of the commission nor if

the statute made fir sewers in the three and twentieth of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, or of any other statute 'made fir sewers, as the same should have, if the noyfames and fe--

t conveniences now by daily experience feet and found in those plaits had

beenfern and considered of:

If. For reformation whereof, be it enacted by our sovereign 'lord the King, and by the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That die walls, ditches, banks, gutters, sewers, gates, cawfeys, bridges, streams and water-courses, within die limits of two miles of and from frie city of

which

i&5.] Anno tertio Jacobi. 0.15.' 187

Which -water* havfe thrirtourse, and faH into the river of fhatntt, shall froth henceforth be to all intents, construCfions and pur-pefes, as foHy subject to the coonprOloti of sewers, and to all the statutes made for sewers, and to all penalties in the same 6 H. 6. c. j. features phd in every of them contained, as if the same -places* H-fi-c*dear to the said city of London had been particularly named in H' e* l'Q,

the said feature of sewers, or that therein the water had ebbed 3 & 4' Ed. 6. and flowed, and therein free passage with boats and barges to c. 8. the sea had been heretofore used; any thing in the said featutes, 1 Mar- 5* dr elsewhere, to the contrary in any. wife'notwithstanding.

CAP. XV.

An act for the recovering offmall dfor the

tog if poor debtors^ in London.

WHEREAS by virtue*f divers alls of common council40.

witbik the city of London, the lord mayor and aldermen of the same city, for the relief of poor debtors dmtUing within the city, havt aicujhmtd mtnthly toajjtgn two aldermen and twelve dif-oroet commoners to be commffitners, and Jit in the court of commonly called the court of confeienee, in the Guildhall of the same

dty, there to hear and determine all matters of debt not amounting to the Jam of forty/billingsto be brought before them: (a) and whereat

at the fiffonsof parliament holden at Welhninftet the nineteenth day ef March in the first year of the reign of our sovereign lord tht Kings majesty that now is, for the further relief of such poor debtors, »KI T| t. and more forfeit establishing of the said court, there was made and provided an act, intituled, An act for the recovery of small debts, and relieving of poor debtors in London: (3) whereas finet the making of the said act, divers persons intending to subvert the good and charitable intent if the same, and taking bold of same doubtful and ambiguous words therein, do wrest the same for their own

lucre and gam, to the avoiding the jurisdtHionof the fold , contrary to the godly meaning of the said act:

II. For the remedy whereof, and to the intent that same a mean, for*more foil and ample provisiot) may be made for the relief of citizen of such poor debtors, (2) be it enacted by the authority of this , °"store' present parliament. That every citizen and freeman of the city "her there*, of London, and every other person and persons inhabiting or small debt, that shall inhabit within the said city or the liberties thereof, > Salk- 4»*-being a tradesman, victualler or a labouring man, which now Cro*Car* have or hereafter shall have any'debt or debts owing unto him or them, not amounting to forty shillings, by any citizen, or by any other person or persons being a victualler, tradesman or labouring man, inhabiting or that mail inhabit within the said city or the liberties thereof, shall or may cause such debtor or debtors to be warned or summoned by the beadle or officer of the said court of requests for the time being, by writing to be left at the dwelling-hpufe of such debtor or -debtors, or by any other reasonable warning or notice to be givep to the said debtor or debtors, to appear before the commissioners of the said court of requests holden in the Guildiall of the said city:

(3) and

1.3$. Anno tertio Jacobi. c. 15, ' [1605.

(3) and that the said of, or any thjpe, of ftera or more, shall have power and authority by virtue bf fijisad, from time tp rime, to let down such order or orders between such party or parries plaintiff, and his or their such debtor or debtors defendants, touching such debts not amounting to the value of forty shillings, in question before them, as fhfcy shall find to (land with equity and good conscience t (4) all such, their order or orders to be registred in a book; , as they have been accustomed, and as well the party plaintiff, as the1 debtor or defendant, to observe, perform and keep the (aqjeJn all, ' points.

Tlwcom* HI. And that for the more due proceeding herein, it shall

mayminffter he lawful for the same of, or any three or more of

an oath to the them, to minister an oath to the plaintiff or defendant, and also

plaintiff, de- to such witnesses as shall be produced on each party, if the same

Zendant or of, or any three of them or more, shall so think it witness.

meet*

A creditor fu-

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ingm another That if in any ajdipn of debt, or action upon the case upon. Jofts, and re- 4SfumPfn for the recovery of any debt, to be sued or profedtttQd poycr none, againflany the person or persons aforesaid, in any of the King't courts at Westminster> or elsewhere, out of the said court of re-. quells, it shall appear to the judge or judges of the court where such action shall be feed or prosecuted, that the debt to be re-coverid by the plaintiff ip such action doth not amount to' the fjum of fprty (hidings, and the defendant in fuqh action shall duly proye, either by sufficient testimony, or by his oym oath, to be allowed by any the judge or judges of the said court where such action shall depend, that at the time of the commencing of such action such defendant was inhabiting and reliant in the city of London, or the liberties thereof, as above, that in such caie the said judge or judges shall not allow to the said plaintiff any costs of suit, but shall award that the same plaintiff shall pay so much ordinary cods to the party defendant, as such defendant shall judly prove before the said judge or judges, ijt hath truly cod him ip defence of the said suit.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any such plaintiff or creditor, defendant or debtor, after warning given to him or tv uyC iUfc them, in mapper ?nd form before in this act mentioned, by the ordeThiadeby said officer of the said court of requeds, shall, without some jud She commiili- or reasonable cause of excuse, refuse to appear in the said court pnerf. before the said of, or shall not perform such order t as the said of, or any three or more of them* shall set down for or concerning such debts, as aforesaid, that then it shall be lawful for the officer of the said court, or any other of the ferjearns at mace of the said city, by order of the said of, or any three pr more or therm to commit such party or parties tp prison, into one of the counters of the said city, there to remain until he or they shall perform the order of she said commissiopers in that behalf.

The penalty for reftifing appear, or % o obey the

VI. Pro

i(5o5-T Anno tertio Jacobi. C.i6. 189

VI. Provided always, That this act, or any thing therein Debt* for contained, shall not extend to any debt for any rent upon any lease of lands or tenements, or any other real contracts, nor to testament^r any other debt that shall arise by raafon of any cause concern- matrimony, ing a testament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the eccleuastical court, albeit the same shall be under.forty shillings; any thing before contained to the coritrafy in any Wise notwithstanding.

VU. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the A repeal of said act made in the first year of the King's majesty's reign, the ttatuteof be from the end of this fenion of parliament, for and concern-ac'Cl* ing any order to be made in the said court of requests after the end of this session of parliament, utterly repealed.

CAP. XVI.

An aBfar the repeal of one aB made in tie fourteenth

year of Queen Elizabeths reign, concerning tie length

kersies.

WHEREAS in the parliament bolden at Westminster in H-JEli*- c.i«.

fourteenth year of the reign of our late sovereign lady Queen ^fht Qg Elizabeth, one aft, intituled, An act to reform the exceuive ordinary and* length of kersies, was made, intending thereby to have refrained sorting-ker-thim to the length of eighteen yards, or under; (2) immediately (* the making of which act, by rtafon of the said, it hath fitbentt

fallen out, many clothing toUms, at well within the county of South-

ampton as in divers other counties within this realm of England^ who were then in trade with merchantfhrangers and others

the trade of transporting of kersies by way of merchandize beyond the seas, grew suddenly out of trade and in great, for that the said

merchants would no longer buy of the clothiers any of their said kersies Several in-wantitsg their old accustomed measureof four and twenty yards or there- con veniencie* abouts, they the said merchants being by the likecufiom andufage in uP?n

trade with' other merchants for the fend-kersies of the said measure and c.^o.prot

length, to the great impoundment and ruin of divers antiOAt, ^ded the'

and ofthoufahds of poor people who were wont by them to beset on work length of ker-and maintained, and to the great loft of our said fomreign lady Queen

Elizabeth, and of the Kings majesty that now is, in their dndsubsidies; which in and by the fold former venting and trading of the fmikerfits, did and would continually accrue and grow due for the same: ,

n. 3d It therefore enacted by the authority of this present A repeal of the parliament, That the said act of the'fourteenth year of the statute ofr+El. reign of our said late sovereign lady Queen £Hisabeth, intituled, c*, 0*

Are attto reform the ixcejfhre length of kebe frortl henceforth

clearly and absolutely repealed,

III.'Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority of The length this present parliament, That kersies called ordinary kersies, and weight of shall not exceed the length of four and twenty yards to be j*u,*7 k, r* measured by the yard and inch; (2) and that every ordinary kersie of the-length of four and twenty yards aforesaid, being well (cowed, thieked, milied, dressed, tqd faiff (fried, shall'it weigh

ipo Anno tertio Jacobi. c. I %

Sorting ker- weigh'eight'and twenty pounds sad One halffxfuftd at the Jmft: £*- (3) and that kersies called Sorting-kersies, (font* exceed die

length aforesaid, and that every sorting-kenfie flf the length of four and twenty fitch yards as aforesaid, befog well ftouredy thkked, milted, dressed, and folly dried, (b»U Weigh thirty-two pounds and oh* half pound at the Jedft; (4) and that-every ker-Ae of a (hotter length than four and twenty such yards as aforesaid, shall weigh proportionably to the aforesaid weight, 'that is

to fty, every ordinary kersie after the rate of one-pound and three ounces weight for every yard that the same shall contain in -length, and every sorting-kersie after the ntt of- one pound three ounces and aa half ounce in weight, far every yard that the same shall contain in length.

IV. And if it happen that any kersie or kersies hereafter to be made, shall either exdeed the said length of four and twenty such yards, as aforesaid, of shall not Weigh according to the re-(peftive rates and proportions aforesaid, then every person or persons that shall make, or cause the same to be made for tale, (had forfeit and lose for every yard of such kevfies, exceeding the length of four and twenty such said yards, the sum of the forfeiture five shillings only, and no more: (a) and for every pounrf-Qli weight that (hcdl be wanting according to the proportions be-

wanting'i'n^reipcCbvely limited, shall forfeit two (hidings far every weight? -pound, and no more; any former lews or statutes limiting or appointing any other orgreaticr penalty or forfeiture-to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; .^) the one moiety of the said fume, penalties and forfeitures to he to the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that will (ue for the same in any of his Majesty's courts > of record at Westminster, by bill, plaint or information, wherein'no essoin, protection or wager of law shall he allowed or ad-

mitted.

The enftom fotther, and be it'eroded by the authority

ndfobfidy nfortfaH, That every person and persons fishing or trading in for a piece of any such kersie or kersies, shall pay unto the King's majesty for kersie. every piece of kersie containing four and twenty yards, as much in custom and subsidy, rattsally, as such person or persons fttould and ought to pay unto has Majesty for ooe piece and a third put «f a piece containing eighteen yards. 5 6 Ed. 6.

e, 6.

-tAf. xvii; ',

dit act concerning Wclfli cottons.

Jac. 1. c. »5.-1(X7'H£R£AS in a Jhfutemode at tie first petfliemnt

W holden atWestminsterrw the year o

amongst tfber things it was and fiat nt person or

personss fxmld intur any f>malty for want of breadth or weight

of Wehh rottser, wider the price tf the ya

findings the goad, fiat they net nixed-with hair cr bther deceitful fittfi, nor fir any other ahavetiat they he as afore*

finely or fiai(/brink abyvehaif.in twelve yards at length, or

w weigh

x&>£.j Anribtertto/acoBI. c.\i. 191

weigh left Atm JotfrteeH ounces the yard, and bold not fkttthretfttar-

ters of a yard brood, os by the Jbmtstatute appeareth j (a) Which protnja in the lonftruhion of divers.petfonsdoth not prefetvoT

matt or /MeoarfeYJt\(h cottons, Jhm the penalty and danger of not '

adding or affixing a foal to contain the lengbreadth or weight of.,

the said cottons, which affixioh of-a seal needless When there is me '

length, breadth or weight prefmbodfor them s (3) that in ad antecedent ages the fold cottons being commonly for linings, were never seized as forfeitedfor want of thefern of the atakert put unto thtm, nor ufcito be searched or tried by water, but only by fhebuyer: (4) be it therefore enacted by our fotettign lord th*

King* and by the lords spiritual and temporal, aftdooUmori*; f° PCI,ltTf.

irithty present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from henceforth no person or per Coos (bait in- cotton*.

cur any- penalty for want of any content Teal to contain the

breadth, length or weight of any fVetfh cottons t (5) and that Welfe cotton*

no JVeUb cottons shall at any rime or times hereafter be searched J13* "°'b*

or tried in the water by any person or persons, other than- by*

the buyer thereof} (ft) upon pain to forfeit for every- such OP

fence by the party who shall make any such feareh or trial con- .* '

trarrto the-intent of this statute, five pounds of lawfhl money

of England', the one moiety thereof to the King's majesty, hit

heirs and successors; the-other moiety to the patty grieved {

to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint or information,

wherein no essoin, protection or wager of law shall be allowed-.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for the bringing in of a fresh if mating water to the north part of tb( city of London.

FOR that it is found very convenient and necessary to have a fresh stream of running water to be brought to the north parts of the city oflsxidan, from the springi tffChadwel and Amwel, and other

springs in the county ^Hertford not far dsstant from the same, which upon view is found very feastble, and like to be prof table to many It is therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, and.>

by the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall be lawful to the lord mayor, commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and their successors, at any time 1

or times hereafter, to begin and continue the laying out of such A new trench convenient limits qfground for the -making of the trench for mar be m3<le the said river at the breadth of ten foot and not above, as to ^ater from them and their deputies and Workmen, with the allowance of chadwell and the conjmHBoners hereafter mentioned, or any seven of them, Amwel to shall be seen convenient and meet for the same; (2) and in that London, place that thty fhaffl find to be most apt and meet for that pur- 4 ^ac'Cl* pose, to have and tyke for the purpose abovesaid, the use and liberty of such and so much ground, as shall contain ten foot in breadth and net above, during and by aH the length as the said new channel, cut or river*- shall pals, for the conveying of the

tjt

The mayor, &c. of London may make and maintain the fccw cut.

statfcfa&iort shall be made to the owners of the ground where the new cut it made.

Sixteen cora-missioners shall be appointed, and what their authority shall be.

Anno tertio Jacobi. c.ifc '

the bid water from the said Iprings to dm city rf towfar, leaving the inheritance of the new cut in the ownersChcreof r

II. And that the said mayor, commonalty and citizens of London, and their successors for ever, for the consideration hereafter expressed, shall have liberty to dig die fiune ground to be imployed for the said river or new cut, not exceeding ten foot in breadth alongst all the said whole length of the said river or new cut, and from time to time, for ever to maintain and preserve the same, and to lay the earth there digged or to be digged on either side of the same river or new cut, in such place? aa shall be thought meet for that purpose; (2) and to have free passage to and from the said new cut or river, with then, horses, carts and carriages at all times convenient, and in places convenient, for making of the fiune new cut or trench, and for the preserving of the same, and of the banks thereof from time to time for ever, to the intent that no part of the said dream be at Xny time after the making of the new cut, without the consent of the mayor, commonalty and citizens of London, turned or Conveyed out of the fiune new cut or watorcourse.

III. In consideration whereof the mayor, commonalty and citizens of London, and their successors, shall make such satisfaction orcomposition to and with the lords, owners and occupiers of the same grounds through which the new cut or river shall be made, and with all such person and persons as shall sustain any damage, loss or hindrance in their mills (landing upon any of the rivers or dreams from which the water shall be taken through the said new cut or river, as shall be to the contentment of the lords, owners and occupiers of the said grounds and mills; (2) and in default of their agreement by mutual assent, such satisfaction or recompence as shall be Hoiited and appointed by the of to be assigned for that purpose, according to the intent of this datute, by the lord chancellor, or lord keeper of the great seal of England for the time being, by commission under the great seal of England, or by any nine of them, whereof four of them to be citizens of the city of London.

IV. And for the better effecting of the premises, and for the due rating of the value of the things to be compounded.for by the true intent of this datute, (if the parties shall not agree) be it enacted by the authority of this present parliament. That at the requed and charges or the mayor, commonalty and citizens of London commission or commissions under the great ieal of England, shall be granted to such persons as tire lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great seal of England for the time being, shall nominate and appoint, whereof four shall be of the county of Mtddksex, four of the county of Effexf and four of the county of Hertford, and four of the city of London* and every of them having lands and tenements of toe dear yearly value of forty pounds at the lead: (2) which hxteen or any nine of them, whereof two to be of the city of London, (hat] have power to order and fct down what rate, or rates, sum or sums of money shall be paid by the mayor, commonalty and citizens of London.

i&f.] Anno tertio Jacobi. c.i8. tgj

dmt* totfc&fctdt, own — and ocuupiers of the grounds apd foil, and mills, for which compaction is to bs made by the intent of tb».j&y if the parties cannot of themselves agree, and in-what fw"*1 the same shall be paid) (3) and that for the re*.covary of inch money m shall be so ordered and set down by the ibid to — iffionert, or any nine of them, whereof two to be of-thecky of London, the party or parties 10 whoa the same money shall bejdne to be paid by the true intent of the said orr dec, shall cc may recover the same against the said mayor aid cornea — alty of Load*, by action of debt in any of his Majesty's courts at fVtftmutflery whemin no cstein, protection or wager of law shall be allowed.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if in the new Th.e breaciie* cot there happen any -breaches, inundations or hurts, the tkmsln the mayor, commonalty and citizens of Lo, shall from time to new cut shall time' flop the breaches at their own charges, and fufhciently be topped by maintain them from time to time, and make sufficient recompence to*he party grieved for the damage sustained by the franc breaches riling by their default, to be recovered by action of the case grounded upon this statute,

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Bridges and That the m^yor, commonalty, and citizens of London, and F*"P* their successors for ever, shall make and maintain at their coils

and charges from time to times convenient bridges and ways for the passege of the King's subjects, and their cattle and carnages, over or thfotigh the said new cut or river, in places meet and convenient.

VII. And further be it enacted, That until or before a full Nothing Hiatt agreement wfeh the lords, owners and occupiers of the pre- be done until mific8 be had, or'that such order and means be devised and* agreed upon by the of, by the lard chancellor or l^h, lord keeper of the great seal of England to be nominated and appointed, «r the more part of them, as shall seem meet for the due effecting of the premises, and the said commi/Hon re* turned into the high court of chancery, ' if shall not be lawful to the said lord mayor, commonalty and citizens, to put the said digging, trenching or new. cutting of the said new river from the feia springs m execution', nor to cut or take in any ground for passage of water from the said springs or any of them, by.force of this statute j any thing in this a<2 to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The new cut That after such time as there ihaH be a new cut, stream or brought to river hrobght from the springs aforesaid, or any of them, to the ft*1*

city of London), that for the better maintenance and prefmation of the said fiver or new cot, and of all the water therein run* fewer*, ning, to be brought to the city of London, the same shall be sub-

jed to the commission of sewers, and to the laws and statutes madfc for sewers, as fully to all intents and purposes, as the same river or new cut had been expressly mentioned in the said fta- >.tutes of sewers to be under the forvey of the said of.

*94 Anno tertio Jacobi. €.19^23. Xttidg.

The deanfing.

IX. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That all such tion of the Va" t^nSs as* done at any tc hereafter, for the fcowring, new river shall cleansing, amending and conservation of the said new river or be at the costs cut, shall be at the only cost and charges of the mayor, citizens of the mayor, and commonalty of the city of London: (2) and that all fines &c* and amerciaments ^hich shall be imposed by virtue of the said

commission of sewers, for any wilful annoyances and offences which shall be at any time hereafter committed to the hurt or prejudice of the said new river or cut, or any thing the reunto appertaining, shall be to the only use, benefit and behoof of the said mayor, commonalty and citizens of London, and of their successors for ever. Altered by Jac. 1. c. 12.

CAP. XIX.

Who shall be charged with the repairing and maintaining of the highway leading from Kingstone.to Nonfiich. EXP. Star ax Jac. 1. c. 9.

CAP. XX.

How passage may be made by water from London to Oxford. REP. 11 Jac. z. c. 31.

CAP. XXI.

An act to refir ain the abuses of players.

The penalty of TT'OR the preventing and avoiding of the great abuse of the players on the JF holy name of Goa in ft age-plays, enterludes, may-games, phanelyC'abus- (hews, and such like; (2) be it enacted by our sovereign' lord ing the name" the King's majesty, and by the lords spiritual and temporal, and TGod. the commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if at any time or times after the end of this present session of parliament, any person or persons door shall in any stage-play, enterlude, shew, may-game or pageant, jestingly or profanely speak or use the holy name of God, or of Christ Jesus, or of the Holy Ghost, or of the Trinity, which are not to be spoken but with fear^and reverence, shall forfeit for every such offence by him or them committed ten pounds: (3) the one moiety thereof to the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, the other moiety thereof to him or them that will sue for the same in any court of record at We(l-minster, wherein no essoin, protection or wager of law shall be allowed.

CAP. XXII.

An act for the paving of Drury-lane, and the town of St. Giles's in the fields, in the county of Middlesex. EXP.

CAP. XXIII.

tr«r An act for the new making up and keeping in reparation of Chepstow-

M bridge. The effect of the itat. of 18 El. c. 18. touching repair of

Chepstow-bridge. A repeal of the flat, of 18 El. c. 18. made touching Chepstow-bridge. What counties shall stand charged for the making and repairing of Chepstow-bridge. The j iftices shall tax the inhabitants of the counties of Gloucester and Monmouth- Collegers shall be appointed in every hundred of both the counties. Surveyor* shall be appointed, and their authority. The collectors and surveyors shall make account to the justices. The justices may permit alking of benevolence towards the building of the bridge.

CAP. XXIV.

The bridge'bver the river Severn, near adjoining to the town of Upton upon Severn in the county of Worcester, (Kail be wholly made, builded and finiOied vrithih the space of three years after the end of this session of parliament, by the inhabitants of the county of Worcester, &c. EXF.

CAP. XXV.

A confirmation of four subsidies of four shillings in the pound, granted to the King by the clergy. EXP.

CAP. XXVI.

Three intire subsidies and fix fifteens granted to the King by the teippo*

CAP. XXVII.

A confirmation of the King's general and fret pardon, except, &c.

Anno Regni Jacobi Regis AngliaFrancia & Hibernia, viz. Anglia, Francia S? Hibernict

quarto. Of Scotia quaoragesimo.

i

AT the parliament begun and Bolden at Westminster, by prorogation the eighteenth day of November in the fourth year of the reign of our mofi gracious sovereign lord James, by the Grace of God, of England, France and Ireland. King, defender of the faith, &c. and of Scotland the fortieth: and there continued until the fourth day July, one thousand six hundred and /evert ', and then prorogued until the sixteenth day of November next following, to the high pleasure of Almighty God, and to the weal publick of this realm, were enabled as followeth.

CAP. I.

An act for the utter abolition of all memory of boftility, and the dependance thereof, between England and Scotland, and for the reprejjtng of occasions of disbrders in time to come.

FOR the honour, weal and good of these two mighty, fa- A repeal of mous and ancient kingdoms of England and Scotland, and for the furtherance and advancement of the happy union already*between'1 begun in his Majesty's royal person; (2) be it enacted by the England and King's most excellent majesty, with the assent of the lords fpi- Scotland, ritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present par- 4- H. 5. c. 7. liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That.one act made in the fourth year of the reign of King Henry in the Fifth, whereby it is enacted v That letters of mart or reprisal be granted against the people of Scotland, in case where the

Q 2 subjetfts

«9$ Anno quarto jACotx. C. i, f iKotf.

fubpfls of England have been spoiled, and have complained, and not received redress, shall for so much thereof so so concerneth the people of Scotland, be utterly repealed and made

void,

II. And also that one proviso contained in an act made in the three and thirtieth year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, by which proviso the King's roajeftj's foWe&' ihhateting whh-in twelve miles of the borders of Scotland^ are allowed and permitted to use cross-bows, hand-guns, hatkbuts or demihakes, or to use and keep in his or their houses or elsewhere any such cross-bows, hand-guns, hackbuts and demihakes, for so much of the said proviso as so concerneth such as shall inhabit within twelve miles of the said late borders, shall be utterly repealed and made void.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That these other statutes hereafter following, That is to say, one act made in the seventh year of the reign of King Richard the Second, whereby it is enacted, That no armour, visual or other refreshment be carried into Scotland, upon pain of seizure or forfeiture:

IV. And one other vSt made in the one and thirtieth year of the reign of King Henry the Sixth, whereby it is enacted, That MarchAxw he not used out of the circuit of the counties of Northumberland, Cumberland and Westmorland % or the town of Newcastle:

V. And one other statute made in the seventh year of the reign of King Henry the Seventh, whereby it is enacted, That Sattijbmen should avoid out of the realm of England within a time prefixed:

VI. And one other statute made in the twenty-tbini year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth*and a like statute made in the first year of the reign of the late Queen Elizabeth j whereby the conveying of horses out of England into Scotland is made felony:

VII. And one other statute made in the second and third years of the reign of King Philip and Queen Mary:

VIII. And the like statute made in the twenty-thin! year of v tk* reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, whereby it is enacted,

A repeal of the That no lands or tenements be let to Scottishmen upon the bor-formernine ders: (2) shall be utterly abrogated, repealed and made void: statutes. (2) And if there had appearedTany other-Astute of this realm of England, wherein any thing is oretained, enabled or efta$E(h-ed, expressly and by name against Scottishrnen as enemies, or Scotland as an enemy-country to the Kings of this realm or the state of the same, we should for so much of them as Kid so concerned Scottishmen or Scotland, have utterly abrogated and annulled the same; seeing all enmity and hostility of former times between the two kingdoms and people is now happily taken away, and under the government of his Majesty, as under one parent and head, turned into fraternity 6r brotherly (iriendship.

Croft-bows, hand-guns. 33 H. c. 6.

Armour,

Victual.

7 R. a. c. if.

March law. 3s H. 6. c. 3.

Scotri/hmen. 7H. 7. €^7.

<3 H. 8. c. >6. Horses. a Elia. c. 7.

Lands let to ScottiOimen. »*3Ph.& M. c. s.

3 Eliz. c. 4.

1606.] Anno quarto JAcom. c. r. tfj

IX. PrOVkdfed seVerthclds, and be it enacted by the autho- This repeal rity of this present parliament, That none of the articles, $£'kt*k*-, no branches or claUfes abovesaid, in this act before contained and otjj£ States expressed, shall take effect or be in force, or in any wise be made in Scot* deemed and expounded to take effect or to be in force, to any land be repeal* intent, construction or purpose, until these acts of parliament'd-.

of the realm of Scotland hereafter following; that is to say, one Engla^with-act made in the time of James the First, King of Jutland, by out the King* which St was enacted, That all persons remaining in England licence. Without the King's licence, did commit treason:

X. One other act made in the time of the said King Jama the First, whereby any assurance with for taking

protection from them for lands or goods, is treason:

XI. One other ad in the same King's time, inhibiting aH buying and selling of English goods forbidden, under pain of efeneat:

XII. One other act made in the time of Janus the Second,

King of Scotland, That none Should pass into England in time of war, without licence, under pain of treason:

XIII. One other act made in the reign of the said King Janus the Second, containing, That no Englishmen come into 'Scotland without conduct, and that no Scottishman fit under assurance with them:

XIV. One other act of the same King's time, Tha$ no Scot-tifinnan Supply Berwick and Roxburgh, under pun of treason:

XV. One other act made in the time of the said King Jams the Second, That all men be ready for defence of the realm against England:

XVI. Two acts made in the time of James the Third, King of Scotland, for refitting King Edward the Fourth:

XVII. One other act made in the time of the said King James the Third, concerning the upholding of Berwick, and garrisons upon the borders:

XVIII. One act made in the reign of Mary late Queen of

Scotland, by which it was enacted, That are charged

to leave assurances with Englishmin:

XIX..One other act made in the time of the said Queen

Mary, concerning allured Scettijbmenattifting the army:

XX. One act made in the parliament of Scotland in the time of the most happy reign of ourmott gracious sovereign lord the King that now is, containing. That the Scottish borderers are discharged to marry English borderers daughters:

XXI. And lastly, one other ad matte in the time of our said Thepartia. sovereign lord the King, injojning the warden to put in a bill the ^le"t ^cot-names of all Englishmen that occupy lands in Scotland, and seek

red refs according to the treaties; (2) shall by act of parliament hoftiie laws.

of the said realm of Scotland, be utterly repealed, fruft/ate and

made void; (3) and until also the said parliament of the realm

of Scotland shall by their said act, make as full and ampledecla-

ration concerning their clear intention and desire of repeal of all

other hostile laws of their part, not before mentioned, if they '

Q 3 were

i98 Anno quarto* Jacobi, c. 2.

wefe inown, as on the part of this realm of Engtimi^fafo been in this present act made and expressed.

A repeal of the

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, gat. of sR. % That one act made in the fifth year of King Richard the Second, touting the roncerning the restraint of parage of his Majesty* subjecta'out reftrakit of of this realm, and every ordinance, provision, article or clause passage over therein contained, shall be from henceforth utterly repealed, &c.

the fta« None shall be troubled for any wrong done before the death of Queen

Elizabeth by the laws of the borders. Trials of felonies committed by Englishmen in Scotland to be in the northern counties. Whnest allowed to the party arraigned upon oath. The prosecutor and witnesses shall be bound to give evidence. The accessary mall be tried, though the prin7 cipal be not convicted or attainted. What an Englishmen committing a felony in Scotland shall forfeit, and what not. A like a St shall be made in Scotland. The offence shall be alledged in the indictment where it is done. No Englishmen shall be sent out of England to receive his trial ii} Scotland. The jurors may allow or reject the witnesses. Trial of a peer

by his peers.--Altered by 7 Jac. v. c. 1. revivedand enforced ty 13 tc ii

Car. 2. c. 22. emdabrog. by 5 An. c. 8.

CAP. II.

An act for the true making of woolen cloth.

length, T? O R the avoiding of many inconveniences happening to his High-breadth and X1 ness subjects epcercifing the mystery and trade of making and weight several working of woolen clothes of divers names and natures^ and that the madebd?versf fuc^ cbthes may have true and just commerce without fraud

counties of" or deceit, It pleaseth his most excellent Majesty, with the con^ this realm shall sent of the lprdsspiritual and temporal, and the* commons, in £*.this present parliament assembled, that it be enalfed, (2) and

fiock"or the aut^ority of the same it is enacted, That from and after lambs-wool in foUrfc°re days next after the end of this session of parliament, rloth. ^every long broad-cloth and cloths which shall be made of died wools and mingled colours, within any of the shires of Kent, j Tori, or at the town of Reacting, or elsewhere of lijce making

shall contain in length at the water, every piece being throughly wet, between thirty and four and thirty yards, every yard, yard x, and inch of the standard and no more, and in breadth fix quarters and a half of a yard at the least within the lifts, by the whole length of the lame cloth: (3) And that every piece of the same cloth being well scoured, thieked, milied, and fully The length shall be in weight eighty-six pounds at the least.

breadth and And that every white cloth which shall be made within

weight of the cities of Worcester, Coventry and Hereford, commonly called long-worcef- Long-woreefters, or elsewhere of like making, shall contain in t€I&6 Ed 6 fength* being yret, between thirty and thirty-three such said c: 6.*yards and inches as is aforesaid, and shall be in breadth feveft

4. &*sPh. &M. quarters throughout all the whole cloth, and being clean fcowr-p. 5* ed, thieked, milied, and fully dried, shall weigh seventy-eight pounds at the least.

Flunked,

III. And that all and every long coloured clothes, comnton-azures, blues jy called plunkets, azures and blues, and long white clothes, amd long white shall be made many of the shires of Suffolk, Norfolk and

"*Essex^ or pjfewfyere of like making? shall contain in length, he-f

r6o6.] Anno quarto Jacobi, c. ii A9P

ing wet, between twenty-nine and thirty-two such said yards and inches, as is aforesaid, and shall be in breadth fix quarters and one half quarter within the lids at the lead, and being well»scoured, dueked, milied, and fully dried, shall weigh eighty pounds at the lead: (a) And that all and every short clothes The length, coloured, and short white cloths, commonly called forcing- k^dth aind cloths, which (hah be made in any of the shires lad before*- ing^0the.° mentioned, or elsewhere of like fort and making, shall contain, 5 & 6 Ed. 6. being wet, in length, between twenty-three and twenty-six such c. 6.

/aid yards and inches, as is aforesaid, and in breadth through? 4 & 5 Ph. & put the whole piece, fix quarters within the lids at the lead, 5* and being well scoured, thieked, milied, and fully dried, shall weigh sixty-four pounds the cloth at the lead.

IV. And that all and every short cloths coloured, and fhoit The length, white cloths, commonly called fine short Suffolks, which shall breadth and be made in the shires lan before-mentioned, or elsewhere of like ^on SiSolkl making, shall contain, being wet, in length, between three

and twenty and fix and twenty such said yards and inches, as is aforesaid, and in breadth throughout the whole piece, fix quarters and an half within the lids at the lead, and being well scoured, thieked, milied, and fully dried, shall weigh sixty-four pounds the cloth at the lead: (2) And that every such sorting short cloth shall be differenced from the said fine cloths lad before-mentiooed by a blue felvedge or edging on both lids-:

(3) And that every white cloth which shall be made within the The length, tame mentioned shires, or elsewhere of like making, commonly breadth and called haadiwarps, shall contain in length between twenty-nine and thirty-two such said yards and inches, as is aforesaid, and

in breadth (even quarters, and being well scoured, thieked, milied, and fully dried, shall weigh seventy-six pounds at the lead: (4) And that all broad plunkets, azures, blues, and othet Coloured coloured cldth which shall be made within the shires of Wiltshire and Somersetshire, or elsewhere of like making, shall con- ^rtlhie. tain, being thoroughly wet, between twentp-fix and twenty-. eight such yards and inches, as is aforesaid, and in breadth fix quarters and an half within the lids, and being well scoured, thieked, milied, and fully dried, shall weigh sixty-eight pounds the cloth at the lead: (5) And that every cloth commonly SIk cloth called short cloths, which shall be made of died wools, and y^ tningled colours, within the county of York, or elsewhene shire, of like making, shall contain in length, being thoroughly wet, between twenty-three and twenty-five such yards and inches, as is aforesaid, and in breadth fix quarters and an half between the lids, and being clean scoured, thieked, milied, and fully dried, shall weigh sixty-six pounds the doth at the lead; (6) A»a^'P^cc and every half-piece thereof, commonly called dozens, to be caUcd dozcns* made and wrought after the same rate in every respect.

V. And that all broad-lided whites and reds which shall be The length, made in any of the counties of Wihshire, Gloucestershire % Oxford- breadth and shire, and the eastern limits of Somersetshire, or elsewhere of broad^lhLd Jijce making, cfemmonly called foning-pack broad-lided cloths, whites and

O 4 shall reds.

Z0&

Tbc \mpb 1>readth and

tould (fftuto Jacobi. c. t*

shall contain in length, being wet, between twenty-six and twenty-eight such Aid yards and inches, as is aforesaid, and flndi Ae in breadth fix quarters and an half ftuxraghout the Whole cloth at the least, and being dean scoured, dueked, milied, and fully dried, shall weigh every piece of the flame doth forty-four pounds the doth at the lew: (a) And thee all mUhtofasr-PW'OW-ltfted whites and reds which shall be raadeki Wihfiirr3 row-lifted*GlmutfttrflArt, Oxftrdjbirt, and the eastern limits of Smtrfttshire,

whites apd or elsewhere of like making, commonly called sorting-pack

r«d»* cloths, shall contain in length, being wet, between twenty-six

and twenty-eight such Aid yards and inches, as is aforesaid, and shall be in breadth within the lifts fix quarters and a half throughout the whole cloth at the least, and lifted with narrow lifts, as hath been accustomed for fbrting'-pack cloths, and being clean scoured, thieked, milled and fully dried, shall weigh every piece, being white, sixty-one pounds at the lea A, npd being red shall weigh sixty pounds the piece at the least.

The length,

VI. And that every fine doth with plain lifts made in the breadth and pounties of Wiltshire., Glouctft, Smerfttjbirt and Oxford, doth* with orlfewhere of like making, shall contain in length between °*twenty-nine and thirty-two such Aid yards-and inches, as is aforesaid, and m breadth fix quarters and a half between the lids throughout the whole cloth, and being dean scoured, thieked, milied, and folly dried, shall weigh seventy-two pounds at tho least.

VII. And that all and every cloths, having (top lifts and not plain lifts, shall contain in length between thirty and thirty-three of such Aid yards and inches as is aforesaid, and in breadth seven quarters within the lifts, throughout the whole cloth, and in weight seventy-eight pounds at the least, as all Worctfin cloths are limited: (2; And that every broad-doth, commonly called Tsuntons, Bridgwatns and Dun ft ns, made in the weftera parts of Somersetflure, or elsewhere of like making, shall contain, being throughly wet, between twelve and thirteen such said yards and inches, as is aforesaid, and in breadth seven quarters of la -yard at the least, andbdng well scoured, thieked, milied, and fully dried, shall weigh thirty pounds the doth at foe least(3) and every narrow cloth of like fort and making within the Aid county of Smnfetshire, or elsewhere, shall- contain in length, being throughly wet, between twenty-four and twenty-five such yards and inches, as i9 aforesaid, and in breadth one yard within the lifts at the least, and lifted with a narrow lift, and well 'scoured, thieked, milied, and folly dried, shall weigh thirty pounds a-piece at the least, and the half-cloth thereof to be of a proportionable length and weight, and of like breadth, as aforesaid: (4) And that all such like broad cloths and narrow madeinYark cloth* l*ft befortf-mentioned, made within the county of York' feir*, p 7 into whites and reds, the broad cloth to hold the same lengths,

breadth and weight, but the narrow cloth to be allowed by this statute to contain between seventeen and eighteen yards of like measure, breadth, and io weight proportionable, as aforesaid.

plain lifts.

Cloths having (lopped lifts.

Broad-Cloths passed Taunton*, Bride-waters and P unit eft.

Broad and narrow cloths

1606.} Asoo qistrto Jacom.

VIIIi And that eU Drvonfkirtkcrfies called' dozens, shall-Devonshire contain in length at the water between twelve and thirteen fitch Herfie* c*Ued laid yacds and inches, as is aforesaid, and being well fosurod, d0*en*' thickod, milied, and fully dried, shall weigh thirteen pounds the doth at the Jcast: (a) And all doth* called check-kersie*, Check-fcerfio, ftnightsand plain greys, shall contain in length at the water bright* and between, fevsnteea and eighteen such said yards and inches as Is aforesaid, and in breadth fine yard at the lead by all theniftonwoJTo-length, and being well feoured, thieked, milied, and fully dried, rest-whitei. shall weigh twenty-four pounds the piece at the lead: (3) And that all cloths called ordinary penistones or forest-whites, (had contain in length in the water between twelve and thirteen fock laid yards and inches, as is aforesaid, and in breadth five quarters and an half, and being dean feoured, thieked, milied, and folly dried, shall weigh twenty-eight pounds the piece at the - lead: (4) And that all penidones called sorting-penistones, shall Sorting-peni-containin length in the water between thirteen and fourteen such done*, yards and inches, and shall be in breadth fix quarters and a half, and being clean feoured, thieked, milied, and fully dried, shall weigh thirty-five pounds the piece at the lead.

IX. And be it likewise enacted by the authority aforesaid, Cog-w*re, That all cog-ware, kendal and carpt-meals, shall from hence- keodalud forth be mack in such fort as dull bed pJeafe the buyer, and carpt-meah. shall hot be (batched or sealed, or be subject to any other penalty than such as was imposed thereon before tfae nine and thirtieth year of the reign of our late fovereien lady Queen

EUssaieti, so as they shrink not above one yard for every twenty J9 Eli*, c u. yards.

X. And be it enacted by foe authority aforesaid, That all The length kerfics called washers, or wash-whites, made within foe coun- and weight of ties of Ttrk, Lamafier, or elsewhere of like making, shall con- washers or tain/in length at the water, being half-thieked, between (even- "aUl', re* teen and eighteen yards of the meafore aforesaid, and being quarter-thieked, shall contain between eighteen and nineteen

such yards and inches, as is aforesaid, and being dean feoured find folly dried, shall weigh fseventcen pounds the piece at the least; (2) And that no doth-worker, (neer-man or fuller, shall There fl, au be raise or row, or caufb to be raised or rowed, any kind of cloths no rowing, or or fceffies m or with any oils, goose grease, fwines grease, or raising of any such like thing of any kind of greafes or oils, but fludl {hear the same doth, kersie, plain and straight, without laying in or on any of the aforesaid oils, goose grease, fwines grease, or any other liquid or moist thing, but only upon the edge of the (nears with femet or oil, upon pain to forfeit for- eveey time so doing contrary to the true meaning of this statute, thirteen shillings four-pence: (3) And that no doth-worker, sheer- There flull b* man or fuller, shall raise, foil, or row or (hear the lifts and no different fides of cloths and kersies, better than the midst, but- shall rowing, rai- work all alike j (4) upon pain of forfeiting for every doth, p"fbearine*of kersie, plain and straight, done contrary to foe true meaning t|, e hits of of this (mute, thirteen shillings four-pence., cloths.

202 Anno quarto Jacobi, c. 2, 16o£-

There shall be

XL. And that no cloth-worker, or any other person or per-no cutting off fons whatsoever, shall have or use for the cutting or taking away back-side* of the wool from the back-fides of any cloths anditerfies, any cloth! knift or knives, rubfter fit rubfters, pumistone, or any other

device whatsoever, but only to (hear the same backside with a pair of (hears; (2) on pain of forfeiting for every piece wherein or whereupon the fjupe shall be fp done, the uim of thirteen shillings four-pence.

There shall be

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority of this pre-?°outi>iTinor ^cnt parliament. That no cloth-worker, (heer-man or fuller, or bedewing any any ot^er Person or persons whatsoever, shall from and after the cloth on the 7 fcaft of St. Jtbn Baptist next enfoing the end of tire present (ides near the session of parliament, blow, spout or bedew any kind of broad-hfr* doth or kersie on the (ides and edges near the lifts thereof with any water, or other liquid or moid thing whatsoever, whereby the edges or fides of any cloth or kersie may make shew to be better shan it is in the ridge, crest or midst thereof; (2) upon, pain to forfeit for every such offence the fun) of thirteen mil-The forfeiture lings four-pence of lawful money of England: (3) And if any for bfowin^ person or persons Khali, blow, spout, wet or bedew, or cause to be ofa* cloth for flowed, spouted, wet or bedewed with any liquid or moist increase of thing any kind of cloth or kersie of whatsoever country, mak-

Wcigbt. ing or name, for increase of weight, thereby to deceive the

buyers or searchers, such person or persons shall forfeit and lose for every such offence the sum of forty shillings of like lawful money of England.

Agreement

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, for the dying. That all the said white cloths and coloured cloths, which by dreffin|, (bear- this present ail are not limited and appointed to be wrought, inS dressed and (horn, shall have allowance and abatement for the

2ng°.9 dying, dressing, rowing and (hearing thereof, for every such

find Lnort broad woolen cloths four pounds in weight, and no more, and the long cloths five pounds and no more, and so after that rate in all and every the same half-woolen cloth, kersie, and other the said woolen cloth.

Into what kind

XIV. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That of cloths only it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons Jaw-flocks, thrums, fully oxercifing the trade or art of a clothier, or making of doths, wool^mabS"be to m^c ^oc^s» thrums and lambs wool into cloth of one only put! kind or making, which shall contain in length, being throughly

Rep. ii jac. j. wet, between twelve and thirteen such yards and inches, as is f. 18. aforesaid, and in breadth one yard at the lead within the lifts,

and being clean scoured, thieked, milied, and fully dried, -shall weigh fifteen pounds the piece at the lead,

The means to

XV. And for the better and more easy didin&ion and know-know cloth ledge of every such- cloth from cloth made of perfect woo], made of iU>cks, pVery cloth made of flocks, thrums and lambs wool, shall have irums, c. holly of black yarn, and on the other tide a fel-

vedge only: (2) And that from henceforth no person or persons shall put any hair, flocks, thrumbs or any yarn made of lambs wool, or other deceivable thing or things, in or upon

1606.] Anno quarta Jacoei. c. 2.*03

any other broad 'woolen cloth, half-cloth, kersie, frize, dozen,

bays, penistone, cotton, Taunton cloth, Bridgwater, Drnfter cot->

con, or other doth, of what nature, kind and name soever,

made to be ibid, and fold, not being made and lifted with such

black lift and felvedge as aforesaid; (3) upon pain to forfeit Jhc Penalty

every such of the said woolen cloth, half-cloth, kersie, frize, ^ryphua^g of

dozen, penistone, cotton and other woolen cloth, of what na- flocks, Sec. in-

ture, kind and name soever, other than such as shall be lifted to any other

and made as aforesaid, whereinto or upon which any such hair, doth*

flocks, thrums, yam of lambs wool, or other deccivable thing

shall be put or u(ed, or the value thereof.

XVI. Provided always, that in such towns, places and ooun- places where ties, where flannel, wadnals and coverlets or blankets are ufaal- flannel, wad* ly made, the same maybe made in such soit as heretofore hath nab and eo- been lawfully used and accustomed; this statute or any thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. And if any of the said broad woolen cloths, or half- The forfeiture cloth, or any other kind of woolen cloths, dozens, cottons or ^h^lioneer other forts of woolen cloth before-mentioned in this present a ft,

of what nature, kind or name soever they be of, made to be sold, pointed, and fold, shall be more in length than is therefore respectively limited and appointed in this present act; then every person or persons felling the same, shall forfeit and pay for every yard and inch exceeding the length fp appointed, the (urn of ten millings, and no more.

XVIII. And if any such cloth shall npt weigh proportion- The forfeiture ably for every such yard and inch to the several and respective ^of^waateth weight to them so limited and appointed, then the said person and persons felling the same, shall forfeit and lose for every pound weight that shall be wanting above two pounds, the sum of ten shillings, and no more; any former law or statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIX. And if any such cloth before-mentioned, not exceed- The forfeiture

ing the several lengths to them by this statute limited or ap- lf thtcbclotj}£9 pointed, and holding the several and respective weight limited wan^and appointed, do yet fortune to want of the just breadth li-;

mited or appointed; then the said person or persons felling the same, shall forfeit and lose for every cloth falling narrow tho-'row the whole cloth, twenty shillings, and throughout half the cloth, ten shillings, and under half the cloth, five shillings only and no more; any former laws or statutes inflicting other or greater penalty or penalties to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XX. And if any cloth or cloths of any the names, natures The forfeiture / of making aforesaid, which by this statute or any daufeor ar- the cloth be

tide therein, or any other statute now in force and not repealed, tha, thefeal shall upon due and convenient trial, within convenient time purport* after sale thereof, in presence of the party that fold the same, or other person or persons by him appointed, if he or they will be present at the search and trial thereof, or if he or they will

ao4 Anj*o quarto jAcow. C. 2. {166

pot be present, having reasonable notice, then in his or their* absence, be found to be of Ids length than the seal or teals thereon fixed at the time of the side thereof do purport j then the owner, or person or persons Ming the same shall forfeit and Ipse to the merchant, draper, or other person or persons that shall have bought the same, for so much as shall be wanting of the length specified in the leal or feds of the said doth* after the rate of six shillings eight-pence for every yard over and besides the true value of so much of the said doth or cloths, as shall be found wanting of the length certified by the said seal or seals, and no more; any former law or statute, inflicting other or greater penalty, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

A repeal of «R

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority of this contrary to- ardent parliament. That all and every branch, daiife and IneAelrnKthrcntenco mnV former statute, whereby any other length, breadth ami'breadth or weight of the doths before-mentioned or any of them, weight of or ady other penalty or forfeiture concerning the length, breadth

ctotb*, or for- or weight of the aforesaid doths or any of them, or any other totum. offence by this act intended to be reformed, is limited, orwhere-by any penalty or forfeiture for the offences in this bill mentioned, or any of them, are given to any other person or persons than in and by this statute is limited and intended, shall be from henceforth utterly repealed and made void.

Oofo torched

XXII. And be it further eftadted by authority of this present toUnotbe*Parliament, That none of the doths aforesaid, which by the torched, tried laws and statutesof this realm ought to be (baled, of what or watered a- name, nature or quality (bever they be of, being seated by the nin, but by overseers authorized as well by the statute made in the nine and thereof" thirtieth year of the reign of our said late sovereign lady Queen 39 Elis! c. so. Elizabeth, intituled, An a against tie ftrttcmng and

43 Elis. c. 10. teatring of northern cloth, as also by a statute made in the three and fortieth year of her said reign, intituled, An act for the true sijac i.cii. working and mating ef woolen cloth, shall afterward be searched,

X 7.*'tried or watered by any other person or persons whatsoever, but

only by the merchant or draper, or other person to whom the same mail be sold: (2) Ana that if any woolen doth, upon toicben or'^: su<c^ by the searchers or overseers of the dries, counties,

overtort toll towns or places where the cloth is made, shall be found either take Tome be- to exceed the length or to want of the weight by this statute li-nefit by the mited, the said searchers or overseers finding and (terrifying the forfeitures. overlength and the weight that shall want, or such of them wherein the offence shall happen to have been committed, by his or their seal or seals, shall have the one moiety of all such penalties and forfeitures, as by this statute are given, limited and appointed, for excess of length or want of weight, and no other person or persons: (3) And shall and may sue for and recover the same by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at JVefimnJler, wherein no essoin, protection or wager of law shall be allowed j and

our

1606.] Anno qaaito Jacobi. c. 2. 105

our sovereign lord the King's majesty, his heirs'and Aiccdlors,

shall have the other moiety.

XXIII. And also if any woolen cloth or cloths, of any the The forfeiture natures, names or makings aforesaid, shall after such search ir> yhere eloth^the country or other place aforesaid, be found to be ftultv in JJatfo emU any thing not certified, and appearing by the leal or seals of the lied by the said overseers and searchers, by the merchant or draper, oreverfeer. other person or persons buying the same, upon due and cotive-

nient trial within convenient time after the saie thereof, in presence of the party that fold the same, or of other person or persons by him or them to be appointed, if he or they will be present at the search and trial thereof, or if he or they will not be present, having reasonable notice given, then in his or their absence; the said merchant or draper, or other person that bought the same, and no other, shall have the one moiety of att the penalties and forfeitures by this statute imposed and incurred, and not become due to the overseers and searchers aforesaid, to his own only proper use and behoof; any former statute, mat-, ter or thing whatsoever to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding; (2) and also shall or may fuefor and recover the same in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by.a(51 ion of debt', bill, plaint or information, wherein no essoin, protection or Wager of law shall be allowed; and his Majesty, his heirs and faccessors shall have the other moiety.

XXIV. And forasmuchas of late it hath beta That 'a Duties and

broad woolen cloth should and ought to confi of four and twentyfueb payment* for

yards and inches as aforesaid\ and not abov, and payments1 and other*broad wool*

duties have been accordingly demanded and paid for the same r be it*

therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any broad

woolen cldthbe made longer or shorter than four and twenty

such said yards and inches, all duties and payments hereafter <b

be paid for the same, shall be demanded and made proportion-

able, according to the rate and proportion of fodr and twenty

such said yards and inches, for a whole doth, and not otherwise.

XXV. And whereas by this and divers other statutes concerning 5fcSEd.«.c «.

drapery and clothing, it is enabled, That all and every Ph.&M.

and cloths, which shall be made in Kent and Suilex, or at the c* 5-

'of Reacting, or elsewhere of tike making shall be of a certain, breadth and weight, in this or other the said statutes txpre/fed and limited, and in tike fort for woolen cloths most ufuatiy made in /me other eountits or towns, are first /Sociallyand particularly named tn this and ether the said statutes, and after follow (or elsewhere of like making!) importing, That it be lawful for any

elothier, ' of whatsoever town or county within this realm, to make doth of like making, and accordingly the same hath heretofore been put in ure: Yet forasmuch as of late same doubt bath thereupon risen, be it therefore explained and enacted, That it is and shall be Every clothier lawful for every dothier, of what town or county soever with- any

in this realm, -where clothing hath heretofore been usets, to w°° e#

make

to6 Anno quarto Jacobi, c. g.

[160&

make or cause to be made any true woolen cloth, of what name, nature or manner of making soever the same be, albeit the same kind of woolen doth do bear specially the name of same other T..county, city or town within this realm* This act to continue anced^hisadi urtil the end of the first session of the next parliament.

Tha King's

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority duties and salt aforesaid, That neither this act* nor any thing therein contain- 1 officers reserv* ed, shall extend to abridge or diminish any customs or duties* appertaining to otir sovereign lord the King's majesty, his heirs

or successors, or to any his officers of ministers, for the searching, measuring or sealing any the cloths before-mentioned, nor to hurt or prejudice the lawful fees due or belonging to his Majesty's aulneger, or to hurt or prejudice the lawful use and Goth once exercise of the office of aulneger; so as after any cloth once

lawfully lawfully searched and lawfully sealed, the same be not compel-

to ^urt^er viewed, searched, measured or sealed. Clon-not be search- tmuei by 3 Car. 1. c. 4. and farther continued by 16 Car. 1.

ed or sealed €. 4*

gain. Cap. iii.

An act to give costs to the defendant upon a nonsuit of the plaintiff, or verdill against him.

Cases wherein \V'HI?RJ: AS in the three

by the statute King Henry the Eighth of famous memory, a good and profit-made3 H. 8. able law was made9 whereby it was enabled, That in cases where the5-plaintiff in any action9 bill or plaint of debt, trespass upon the case, I recover Iris detinue, account, and in some other actions therein especially men-

costs. tionedy should become nonsuit, or a verdict should be had against the

Hetley 14.6. said plaintiff; that then in such cases the defendant should have judgment to recover his cojls against every such plaintiff\ as by the said taw appeareth; (2) Which law hath been found to be very good and beneficial for the common Wealthy and thereby many have been discouraged from bringing frivolous and unjust suits, because such parties are to make recompence to the parties unjustly vexedy for the said unjust vexations.

' 1 Bulftr. 189.

II. And forasmuch as actions of trespafsy and actions ^Ejedione 1 Bulftr. 261. firm*, and many other actions real and personaly are within the same L^enricalesdjchief % as the said other actions were at the common lawy and yet wherein the wer€ omitted out of the provision of the said law: (2) For reme-defendant shall dy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, recover his the lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this tl°ftS \ mtiff Prc^ent Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, s'eIwTc.'i. That if any person or persons at any time after the end of this*Roll. 75, 87, present session of parliament, shall commence or sue in any court of record, or in any other court, any action, bill or Hob. 219. plaint of trespass, or Ejeftione firmas or any other action what-March 24..* soever, wherein the plaintiff or demandant might have costs ( if (Lrp. jac. 229. in case judgment should be given for him) and the plaintiff or plaintiffs, demandant or demandants, in any such action, bill pr plaint, after appearance of the defendant or defendants,

be

1606; j Anno quarto Jacobi* tf.4.07

be nonfoited, or that any verdict happen to pass by any lawful trial against the plaintiff or plaintiffs^ demandant or demandants, in any such action, bill or plaint, that then the defendant and defendants, in every such adbon, bill or plaint, shall have judgment to recover his coils against every such plaintiff and plaintiffs, demandant and demandants, (3) to be assessect, taxed and levied in manner and form as cods in the said recited actions are to be assessed, taxed and levied in and by3 H.a.c. if. the said law of the three and twentieth year of King Henry the Eighth. Co. En. 29.

CAP. IV.

An act to refrain the utterance of beer and ale to alehouse-keepers and tiplers not licenced.

FOR the tetter reprtffng of alehouser, whereof the multitude* In what case and abuses have been ami are found intolerable, and JliH do and

are tike to increase: (2) be it enacted by the King's most ^-j^toanale-cellent majesty, and the lords spiritual and temporal, and the house-keepe* commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the having no li-authority of the same, That no person or persons by himself, 0"* or by any other ways or means, directly or indirectly, shall at ^hou^ihi-any time after three months next after the end of this present tolerable, session of parliament, fell, utter or deliver, orcaufetobe fold. None shall /ell uttered or delivered, any beer or ale, to any person* or persons, alc or beer to or into the house or cellar of any person or persons that then deeper not shall fell or utter beer or ale. as a common tipler or alehouse- having li-keeper, the same person not having any licence then in force cence, but for to sell ale or beer, other than for the convenient use and t}le.c*x?.enCi? expence of his, her or their houshold only; (3) upon pain to bouf' forfeit for every barrel fold, uttered or delivered contrary to the form and true meaning of this act, the sum of fix millings eight-pence, and so after that rate for a greater or lesser quantity.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, In what courts That all offences to be done or committed contrary to the true the offences meaning of this act, and all penalties aforesaid, shall be en-

quired of, sued for, heard and determined in the sessions of determined., the peace for the county, city or borough, town or liberty, or in the court of record of the city, through, town or lir-berty, wherein such offence shall be committed, by action of debt, information, indictment or presentment, wherein no essoin, protection or wager of law shall be allowed to the de-, fendant: (2) and the one half of all which forfeitures (full be Who shall to the use of the poor people inhabiting within the city,!ave the borough, hundred, town or liberty, where such offencestwlurcs-shall be committed from time to time, and the other half thereof to him or them that will sue for the same.

III. And to the end that the said one half of the said for- The poor's feitures above limited to be to the use of the said poor people, half of the may be truly imploypd and bestowed upon th?m, according to KcSi-

the

20t

wed to the overseers.

The officer pairing the moiety to the overseers, shall be discharged thereof.

The penalty for not distributing the money received to the poor*

The penalty ofadrunkard, and of him hat continued! drinking in an alehouse. Drunkenness the foundation of many other sins, and the cause of The forfeiture of him that is convicted of drunkenness.

7 Jac. i. c. 10.

Anno quarto Jacobi. c.£.

[1606.

the true meaning of this act: (a) be it further enacted, That the sheriff, bailiff or other officer or person that shall levy or receive any sum or Anna of money forfeited and reco* ! vered according to the true meaning of this act, shall and may by virtue of this act, without further warrant, deliver the one half of the same sum and sums of money, by him or them (b levied and received, to some one or more of the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the same parish where the same offence shall be committed, to be by them and every of them distributed and bestowed amongst the said poor people, according to the true meaning of this act, who shall likewise haye authority by virtue of this act, to distribute and bestow the same accordingly.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every sheriff, bailiff and other officer and person which shall levy or receive any such forfeiture or forfeitures aforesaid, and shall pay over the moiety and one half thereof, according to the true meaning of this act, shall be thereof discharged against the King's majesty, his heirs and successors.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any sheriff, bailiff or other officer or person shall refuse to pay over the moiety and one half of the said money by him or them levied or re* crived, or that the said churchwardens ar\d overseers, to whom the said money shall be so paid, shall not from time to time, within convenient time, trcrly distribute and beftbw the same to and amongst the poor people according to the true meaning of this act, that then every person so offending shall forfeit double the value thereof, to be recovered and imployed as a* foresaid,

CAP. v.

An act for reprejjtng the odious and loathsom ftn of drutikerf-ness.

WHE RE A S the loathsom and odious fth of dnlnkemiefi is of late grow* into common use within this realm, being the root and foundation, of many other enormous fms % as bloodjhedy fobbing, murder, jwearing, fornication, adultery, and fiub fih> to the great dishtmour of God, and of our nation, the overthrow of many good arts and manual trades, the disabling of divers workmen* and the general impoveriflnng of many good fukf*flsy abufrvely wafting the good creatures of Gad: -

several enormities, t Salk. 45.

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent fnan jesty, the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the (afne. That all and every person or persons, which after forty days next following the end of this present session of parliament, shall be drunk, and of the same offence of drunkenness shall be lawfully convicted, shall for every such offence forfeit and lose five shillings of lawful money of England, to be paid within one week next after.his, her or their convidioa thereof, to

i6oGJ] Anno quarto Jacobi. d/., 209

the hands of the churchwardens of that parish where the offence shall be committed, who shall be accountable therefore to the use of the poor of the same parish: (2) and if This penalty the said'person or persons so convicted, shall refute or neg- fwe

iecSt to pay 'he said forfeiture as aforesaid, then the same t^pay the for* shall be From time to time, levied of the goods of every fufch feiture* person or persons so fefufing.or neglecting to pay the same, by warrant or precept from the same court, judge or justices, before whom the same conviction shall be: (3) and if the of-. fender or offenders be not able to pay the said sum of five shillings, then the offender or offenders shall be committed to the (locks for every offence, there to remain by the space of fix hours;

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thelbrfcl-

That if any constable, or any other inferior officer of that pa- ture of an in ri(h or place where the offence shall be committed, to whom ^ce, L-that shall be given in charge by the precept of any mayor, t* do his

bailiff or other head officer, or justices of the peace within duty.

their several limits, do neglect the due correction of the said offender, or the due levying of the said penalties, where distress may be had; then every person so offending shall forfeit the sum of ten shillings of current money of England* to the use of the poor of the same parish or place where the offence shall be committed, to be levied by way of distress; by any other person or persons having warrant from any mayor, bailiff or other head officer, justices of peace, or court, where any such conviction shall be, and to be paid to the churchwardens as before limited, who are also to account for the same to the use aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The penalty That if any person or persons within this realm of England, or forcontiouing the dominion of Wales* shall remain or continue drinking or tChoSS&cJ1 tipling in any inn, victualling-house or alehouse, being in 7jac. i.c. 10. , the same city, town, village or hamlet, wherein the said per- Fartkrfrovi*-son or persons (so remaining drinking or tipling) doth dwell

and inhabit at the time of such drinking and tipling; and^/*1 the same being viewed and seen by any mayor or other head officer, justice or justices of peace within their several limits, or duly*proved in such manner and form as is limited in and by one act of parliament made in the first session of this, w t c % ^present parliament, intituled, An act to re/lrain the inordinate haunting and tipling in inns, alehouses and other Victualling*'hou/eSf unless it be in such case or cases as be tolerated or excepted in the said act; that then every person or persons so offending shall forfeit and lose for every such offence, the fiufi of three shillings and four pence of current money of England, to the use of the poor of the parish where the said offence shall be committed, to be levied by way of distress, in such manner and form as is before appointed by this act, for the levying of the penalty of five shillings for being drunk: (2) and if it happen that any offender or offenders against the true intent of this clause or branch, being thereof lawfully convicted,

a jo Anno quarto Jacob!, tig'.'f

be not able to pay the said forfeiture or forfeiture*; then it shall and may be lawful for any mayor, bailiff or other head officer, justice or justices of peace, or court, where any such conviction shall be, to punish the said offender or offenders by setting him, her or diem in the docks for every such offence, by the space of four hours, fehat officers V..For the more due execution of this statute, and for the fail esquire better and more due proceeding against such offenders, all of-of and punish fences of'drunkenness, and of excess and unmeasurable drink-

£mSTa- H* (*)be*by«?C S'*'

gainU this fta- font parliament. That all the offences in this act, and m tute, and the the said former act mentioned, shall be from time to time dictate of ligently enquired of and presented before the justices of affi-»Jae. i. c,

zes in their circuit, justices of the peace in thehr quarter or or- dinary sessions, and before the mayors, bailiffs or other head

officers of every city or town corporate, who have power to enquire of trespasses, riots, routs, forces and such like offences, and in every court-leet, and thereupon such due proceedings shall be against the offender and offenders for their due conviction in that behalf, as in such like cases upon any indictment or presentment is used by the laws of the realm, or customs of the city, town or place where such presentment or indictment shall be enquired of and found.

He that 7s the

VI. And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That second time if any person or persons, being once lawfully convicted of the convicted of said offence of drunkenness, mall* after that be again lawful-^"bebound ^y convicted of the like offence of drunkenness, that then to his good every person and persons so (Secondly convictad of the said behaviour, offence of drunkenness, shall be bounden with two sureties to our (overt igii lord the King's majesty, his- heirs and successors, in one recognizance or obligation of ten pounds, with condition to be from thenceforth of good behaviour.

What officers VII. Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, shall present That all constables, churchwardens, headboroughs, tithing-the offences men, aleconners and (idemen, shall in their, several oaths ^jdmld bf ^nci<*ent to t*le, r several offices, be charged in like fort to present aijac. i. c. 7. the offences contrary to this statute.

f. 5.*VIII. Provided always, That this act, or any thing the rein

No restraint of contained, do not in any wise abridge or restrain the ccdefiafti-.^kfiartkal cal power or jurisdiction, but that all ordinaries, and other eo junfaicuons. cleiiaf>ical judges and officers, shall and may proceed to enquire of, censure and punish all such offenders according to the ecclesiastical laws of this realm, in such manner and form as before they lawfully might do; any thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

There shall be

IX. Provided also, That when any of the offenders against but one pu- the true intent of this act, or any branch or article thereof, hath niflunent for been once punished or corrected for his or her offence, by any ens 0 mo*, tjle wayg means before limited; that then the said offender

shall

1606«j Afljio quarts jAcoBf. c.& an

shall not be e&fooris punished or corrected for the same offence.by any other ways or means.

X. Provided always, That this act, or any thing therein con- The liberties tained, shall not be prejudicial to either of the two uhiverfities of of the univer-this land, but that the dharicellors, matters and scholars, and £*ie* ft8]! "?* the successors of them and either of them, may as fiuily use* Pre)ud, cea' and enjoy all their jurffdiftlons, rights, privileges and charters, as heretofore they have or might have done; any thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XT. Provided always, That no person or persons shall be within what punished, impeached or moletted for any offence mentioned in time an of this statute, unless he shall be for the same offence presented, ftn^erJJPu^indicted or convicted within six months after such offehce pre committed: (2) this act to continue until the end of the first The contino* session of the next parliament. Mad* perpetual by 21 Jac. 1. c. 7. ance of this but fee 21 Jac. 1. c. 28. which only continues it to the end of the a^> firstfeffioti of the next parliament.Enforced as perpetual by 1 Car.

4-

CAP. VI.

An act for repealing of so much of one branch of a statute

made in the first year of his Majestfs

c8 concerning tanners, curriers, and other

artificers occupying the cutting of, as concerneth the settling ofjheep-jktns, and to avoid felling of tamed leather by weight.

WHEREAS by the fane statute it plainly That The intent

the Intent and meaning, thereof was to make void all former at the statute statutes made concerning tanners, curriers, jboemakers, and other arti- made 1*'

ftcers occupying the cutting of leather, and to comprehend in one fta-'*7& *tuie all things mentioned in the same former laws needful to be Ed.«. c. tj. ed concerning tanners, curriers, Jboemakers and other artificers - 1 M. stat. j. pying the cutting of leather: (2) and for that in divers branches the fend late statute touching the sealing of leather, amongst many f E, -£' other kinds of tanned leather therein particularly named to, a , t Elia. c.

rate is set down to be paid for sealing of Jbeep-skins, as Sheep-skins

lad been by the intent of the former laws sealed; whereas in

truth Jbeep-skins art not meet to be sealed, nor were at any time ap- b«

pointed or limited by anyformer law to be sealed, because the sealing of them is a fruitless charge, tending to the great hurt andloft of many thoujimd poor men, and for the good of none, but only for the gain of the fealer thereof.

IT: For reformation whereof, be it enacted by oar sovereign lord the King's majesty, and by the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no person or persons shall at any time hereafter incur any penalty, loss or forfeiture, for housing, felling or buying of any tanned fheCp- There shall be skins unsearched or unsealed, so as the said sheep-skins un-no penalty for searched and unsealed Audi be wrought and converted into housing, buy-

P 2 made

2i2 Anno quarto Jacobi, c. 7, 8, 9; [x£e6.

fng or Idling made wares within this realm of England* any thing in the said ftlCrPifl^ms statute to the contrary notwithstanding-ijac.i c »*. Pk j/erf where since the making of the said statute> his Majestys No tanned lea- subjects have been much deceived and abufedy by felling of tanned leather shall be ther by weighty the said leather being neither sufficiently fanned, nor sold by weight, throughly dried, as it ought to bey and before time was wont to be:

(2) be it therefor^ further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons, after the end of this present session of parliament, shall utter or fell, or cause to be uttered or foM,

Ste 1W. &M. by weight, any kind of tanned leather whatsoever, (5) upon feffl 1. c. 33. pain of forfeiture of the said leather so uttered and fold; , the f. 6. leather or the value thereof, to be recovered in any of the King's majesty's courts of record, by adfcion of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no wager of law, essoin or protection.

shall lie or be allowed; the one moiety of the said forfeiture to be unto the King our sovereign lord, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety unto such person or persons as shall sue for the same.

CAP. Vtf.

An act for the founding and incorporating of a free- grammar school la the town of Northleech in the county of Gloucester. —

CAP. VIII.

An act touching the drowned marlhes of Lefnes and Fants in the ebunty of Kent.3 El. c. 13.7 El. c. ay.

CAP. IX.

An act to explain a former made session of this

parliament, intituled, An act to enable all his Majesty's loving subjects of England and Wales to trade freely into the dominions of Spain, Portugal and France.

A corporation WHEREAS it phafed our late sovereign lady £hucn Eliza-granted by y, beth of famous memory, by her Highness Utters patents un-Socmain d'r the great teal of England beadate day of

merchants of June in the second year other Htgbness retgn, (in consideratson of Exeter, shall the goody true and faithful obedience and service done by the mayor continue of ang principal citizens of the city of Exeter, as well in the time of lUnding^he Henry the Seventh as of King Edward the Sixth, against Ji-

Astute of vers treasons and rebellions moved and Jlirred in those daysy as also 3 Jac. i. c. (f. for tie taking away, abolishing and amoving of many and sundry ab-Jurdities and inconveniences which within the said city and county did increasty by reason of the excefjive number of artificersy and other inexpert y ignorant and unworthy men, which did take upon them to ufie the arty ficience and myjlery of merchandize and traffick of merchant wares, to the great detriment of the commonwealth of this realm of England, and to the manifest impoverishment of the said city) to, incorporate certain merchants therein namedy and their successors, (being* citizens and inhabitants of the said city and county) and to give and grant unto them the perpetual name of the governor, consuls, and foci ety of the merchant'adventurers of the city and county of Exeter* trafficking the realm of France and the dominions of the French King \ (a) which said incorporation or company of merchants are found

1606.] Anno quarto Jacobi, c.io.

to bi of groat use, honour and service to tbt fate in general, as well in the advancement of his Majesty's customs, as also for that the said incorporation for the spaee of forty and five years have relieved twelve poor men with gowns> mbney and other necessaries, to their great com-forty and do fill yearly so apparel and comfort them9 and by their find charter they are bound to continue and keep the same for ever:

(3) and likewise they have and do not only charitably from time to The several time fiet up sundry young merchants with the loan of money at their benefit* done first entrance into the trade, but also have raised, and also do raise di- J? vers antient merchants, who by Losses at the Jea have been decayed, by Kinged means whereof they have proved afterwards profitable both to the King commoner customs and other payments, and good members to the commonwealth wealth. of the said city:

II. And for that many particular merchants of the said corporation, have in the time of dearth and fear city of corny adventured great sums of money out of their own private flocks for com into foreign kingdoms, for the relief of the poor, as well of the find clty, as of the county ^Devon, to whom they have fold the same corn in time of great dearth and neeejpty, fiometimes for two shillings six pence, threet/billings, and three Jhilungsfour pence less in every bujbefy than the prices in the markets have then been:

III. And further, for that sundry members of the said incorpora- The society tion have by their wilts and testaments given divers sums of money to comfortable the said company to good uses, which mufi return to their executors, if j this company be dissolved> as also for that the said society hath from ^e. the beginning thereof been ever found comfortable to ally and offensive to none: (2) therefore whereas in the left session of parliament hold- The statute of en at Westminster in the third year of his Majesty's reigny one ge- 3 J*6: neral aft was made, intituled, An act to enable all his Majesty's toVhe loving subjects of England and Wales, to trade freely into the dissolving of dominions of Spain, Portugal and France: The general words of the said coro-which act may be objected and urgedy to extend to the annihilating and Pany-diffihnng of the fold particular charter and company, contrary to the meaning of this nigh court of parliament, and the intent of the makers'of that laWy as is conceived oy the opinion offundry leamedin the laws: may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, with the assent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament assembled, that it may be enacted, explained and declared, (3) and be it enacted, explained and de- The statute of dared, by the authority of the same, That the said general law 11a£-c. 6* so made as aforesaid, neither doth nor shall difsolve, annihilate or im-

impeach the said charter, or the said company, in any their privi- peach the li-leges, liberties or immunities granted unto them by the said char- bertiet grant*

An act for confirmation of some part of a charter granted by King Henry the Sixth to the mayor, bailiffs and burgesses of the town of South* anapton, and for the relief of the said town. — Certain liberties granted by King Henry 6. to the mayor, See. of Southampton confirmed. A fcftraint of ^11 merchants not being free of Southampton to buy or

any wise notwithstanding.

*3

fcU

*H Anno quano Jacobi. c.ii>i«.

fen within the town. A confirmation of lb much of the charter of King Henry 6. as doth reftram flraogcrt to buy or fell in Southampton. None, not being free of the said town shall buy or fell to another not being free. What commodities, and for what pvrposes may besought byanyperfen. Buying and felli&g in fain, or on Imp-board. Tbc barons and freemen of the cinque ports excepted*

CAP. XI.

An act for the better provision of meadow and paftore for necessary maintenance of husbandry and tillage in die manors, lordftipa and parfrhesef Marden ^aJias Mawarden, Bodcnhara, Wellington, Sutton ShMicnael, Sutton StJiichobirMurton upon Lound the panlb of Pipe^apd evetyof them, in the county of Hereford. — The owners and formers of lands in certain manors in the county of Hereford, may rnclofe some part thereof. The different husbandry of the said manors from other parts of the realm. Every owner and farmer within the manors aforesaid, may iri. dole a third part of his lands. See. This aB. shall not extend to a waste or common ground. A piOviGon where one perfoa is owner of the firit crop, and others of the later mowth. The aA doth not give a lawful title to the possessor of any land where he had none before. None shall be bind red of his lawful way. Every person that doth inolose, shall be abated of his common proportionably. They who do indofei may be (tinted of their common by the residue of the commoners. The.forfeiture of him who keepeth more cattle than is limited by his font. The offences of surcharge of common, shall be enquired of and punished in leett and courts baron. A proviuon where land inclosed is oifmembred from the tenements wherewith it was occupied. A provision for the continuing of certain grounds iadofed one time of the year, as they have beep. Thp ufgge of lug-meadow shall not be altered*

CAP. XU.

/fa 08 far explanation of a statute made in the third year of the reign of King James, An act for the

bringing in of a freflj stream of running water' to the north parts of the city of London.

Anuftfortbe TX WHEREAS of late in the parliament holden at bringing of a tmnjler, in the third year of the reign of our sovereign

th W 'ithDirt Kine James, An act was made for the bringing of a frdh of thedtyof*stream of running water to the north parts of the city of Lcn-London, ac- don, as by the same act appeareth: now for that (ithence the (cording to a making of that law, upon view of the grounds through whichr"er ft*1*118, the waters are to pass, by men of still, and upon advised con-fidpration of the premises, it is thought more convenient, and f' less damage to the ground, that the same running water be

brought and conveyed in and through 3 trunk or vault of brick or done inclosed, and in iome places where need is, raised upon arches, than in open trench or fewer, (2) which manner of conveyance of the same water in a drunk or vault of brick or stone, is doubtful whether by the words of the former law (t may be lawfully effected by the lord mayor and commonalty, and citizens of the city of, albeit they do not duly perform every part, claule, matter and thing in the said statute contained, which on their part are by the' true intent of that law to be performed.

II. For clearing of which doubt, and plain declaration of she true meaning of the said law, be it enacted by our fove-l$igp lord the King, and by tbp lords spiritua] and temporalj

jrfrbf.| Anno quarto Jacobi, c. 13.

and common* of this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, that at any time or times after the laying out of such convenient limits of ground for the making of the trench, or conveyance of water to the north parts of the Aid city of London, at the breadth of ten foot, and not a- The nu feove, as to foe mayor and commonalty, and citizens of the &c. 0fLom-city of London, and their deputies and workmen, with the al- don, may e-lowance of the of in the said former act mentioned, re& a trank or any icven of them, shall be fecn convenient and meet for the SeesuVt*1* lame, and in that (dace that they shall find to be most apt and meet convey the for that purpose, according to the true intent of foe laid statute, water from that the mayor and commonalty, and citizens of foe laid city Chadwell, 1 fee. of London, and their successors, deputies and workmen, for*London' the confidonation in the said former<fr expressed, shall have liberty, not only to dig the same ground to be imployed in the lame river or new cut, as in the said former act is expressed, but also in the same place where they shall think tttoft meet for the fold new cut or passage of water, to frame, eredk, and make a trunk or vault of brick or ft one for the passage of foe laid water to the north parts of the said city of London, not exceeding ten foot in breadth, in such manner and form to be laid in the earth or upon arches, as to the mayor and commonalty, and citizens of London shall Item meet, (2) The mayor, and from time to time for ever to maintain and preserve the4cc-0£Lon<l0* same trunk or vault of brick or stone, and for that purpose tcHhut to have like liberty and free callage to and from the said trunk maintain the or vault of brick or stone, for thaking, erecting, maintaining laid trunk or and preferring thereof from time to time for ever, as they had vault* or might have had by foe intent of foe laid former act, to and from the said new cut or river, with men, horses, carts and carriages, at all times convenient, and in places convenient.for the making of the said new cut or river, with men, horses, cart and carriages, at all times convenient, and in places convenient for foe making of the said new cut or trench, and for the preserving of the lame from time to time for ever; any thing in the raid former statute, or in any other law or statute to foe contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Cap. xm.

An act for the draining of certain fens and low grounds in the isle of Ely* subject to hurt by unrounding, containing about six thousand acres, compassed about with certain banks commonly called and named the ring of Walderfcy and Cooldham. The undertaken shall have for the innfflg and maintaining of the grounds surrounded, tap parts thereof.

Of whom the two pant shall be holden. The two parts shall be discharged of tithes during seven years. A provision for the owners, if the grounds drained shall be again surrounded. The undertaken shall not drain through other's grounds otherwise than they may do by the law.

?4 4*

tift Anno Ibptimo Jacobi. c.i, [1609.

Anno Regni Jacobi Regis Anglia, Scotia, Francia, & Hibernia, viz. Anglia,

Hibernia septimo, et Scotia terr

tio,

'AT the fourth fejfeon of parliament begun and holden by Sx. prorogation at Westminster the ninth day of February 1609. in the seventh year of the reign of our gracious

sovereign lord James, by the grace of God, of England, 'France and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, and of Scotland the three and fortieth: and there continued until the three and twentieth July: (and then prorogued 'until the fifteenth day of October next following, 1610.) To the high pleofure of Almighty God, and to the weal publick of this realm, were en as follovctb.

CAP. I.

An act for the better execution of justice, and of criminal offenders in the north parts of the kingdom of England. "

mere?nEng. XT 7'HEREAS in a Mute made in the of this

have his trial »*sent parliament, intituled, An act for the utter abolition of that commit- all memory of hostility, and the dependancies thereof, between teth felony in England and Sfttland, and fQr thje repressing of occasions of dif-Scotland. cords and disorders in time to come, it was amongfe other things jac. 1. c. y. enalied, That ntnatural-born subject of England, or the dominions of the same, sho for any high treason, or.

concealment of high treason, petty treason, or any other whatsoever offence or couse committed within Scotland, be ffnt out of England when be is apprehended, to receive his trial, until time as both realms should be made ot\e in Jaws and government, which is the thing so much defered, as that wherein the full perfection of the blessed union already begun in his Majestfs royal person

II. Since the mating of which statute, although those parts of the kingdom of England, adjoining and lying near unto the realm and kingdom of Scotland, have been and are by his Majesty's incessant tare and princely policy, reduced to mere civil and peaceable estate than could in Short ( imehave been expelled or hoped for: (2) yet experience

teacheth, that malefallors of either realm having committed their offences in the other realm, do forthwith fly and cape into their own 'country, thereby to purchase their impunity, to the great and mani-fefegrievance of the one realm, and the dishonour of the other: by means whereof very many great and heinous offences fence the making of the fetid featutehave been and are feill likely to be committed with-

out condign punishment> (3) for that fence the making of the said sea--'1 tute.

s6o9<] Amo septimo Jacobi. c.i."

tutiy there hath net been any one offender committing any the offences aforesaid in Scotland, that hath been prosecuted to his trial, judgment or execution in England, by reason or upon any the branches, laws or ordinances in the said statute mentioned or contained: (4) whereby it manifestly appeareth, that the said clanfe in the said statute contained, and More in this present act expressly mentioned, concerning the not fending out {/"England any natural-born subject of this realm or the dominions of the same, for any whatsoever offence committed within the realm {/ Scotland, to receive his trial for any the said offences, hath not brought forth that good effect as was hoped for, and by the said law intended, to the great prejudice and disbonowr of both realms:

III. For the preventing of which apparent and too manifest jnifchief and inconvenience, be it enacted, and by the authority of this present parliament elUbliftied, That it at any time or times after the end of this present session of parliament, any person or persons shall commit any offence or offences 'within the realm of Scotland, which by the laws of this realm of England is, are or shall be declared or adjudged to be petty treason, murder, manilaugliter, felonious burning of houses and corn, burglary, robbing of houses by day, robbery, theft or rape, and do or shall fly or escape into the realm of England, and be or shall be apprehended within any the counties of Northumberland^ Cumberland, Westmorland, or any parts or members of the same, or within the parts or places lying on the north-side of the river of Tine, commonly called jor known by the names of Bedlinton/bire, Norhamjhtre and JJlandshire, the town and county of Newcastle upon Tine, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, with the bounds and liberties thereof; that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices of assize, or any one of them in the absence of the other, the justices of gaol-delivery at their gaol-delivery, or any four of them, or the justices of peace in their general or quarter-sessions, or any four of them, upon due ?nd mature examination of the said offence or offences in open sessions, and pregnant proofs of the same, \>y warrant under their hands and feats, to demand and fend all and every such offender and offenders into the realm of Scotland, there tb receive their trial for any the offences aforesaid by them there committed; any thing in the said statute contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IV. This law to continue to the end of the first session of the next parliament.

V. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the authority N aforesaid, That this statute, nor any clause therein contained,

"frail take effect or be in force, or in any wise be deemed or expounded to take effedfc, to any intent, construction or pur-pbfe, until a law by act of parliament be made and established within the realm of Scotland, for the remanding and fending /but of the realm of Scotland into the realm of England, all and every person and persons born within the realm of Scotland*

*'7

If an Englift' man shallcon* mit fekniy in Scotland, and then dy into England, the.

fender into Scotland to be tried.

Continuance of this statute.

A like act to be made 141 Scotland.

ft iff Anno ftptkno Jacobi: c. 4, 5. [1669.

land, at the dominions of the same* which 'fluH thnc

hereafter commit any the offences aforesaid within the realm of England, to recetv* his or (heir trial in the rcaJmof£bgw Emit for all and every the find offences by them committed in the said malm of England, 3 Car, 1.1, 4. Continueduntil the and of the first feffituaftkenext parliament, and farther eontmiedby

;6 Car.i.«. 4.

Cap. n.

/f» n # /£<»/ a// suchas are to be naturalized, or raftered in

blood, shall first receive the sacrament of the Lard's fttpper, and the oath of allegiance and the oath of supremacy.

Whet they IT'ORASMUCH as the naturalizing of, and reftering

than be booud^T to blood ptrfmsattainted, have been reputed nutters of onto who (half nitre grace and fayour, which are not fit to be bellowed upon bthrrs or raftered in fads as are of the religion now tfiablished in this retm'i (2) Weed, be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent rijijdfty,

the lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament assembled, That no person or persons of what quality, condition or place soever, being of the age of -- eighteen years or above, shall be naturalized or ieffored in

blood, unless the said person or persons have received the sacrament of the Lord's flipper within one month next before any bill exhibited for that purpose, and also shall take the oath of fopretnacy, and the oath of allegiance, in the parliament-house, before his or her bill be twice read: (3) and for the better effecting of the premises, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the lord chancellor of England, or lord keeper of the great seal for the time being, if the bill begin in die upper house, and the speaker of the commons house of parliament for the time being, if the bill begin there, shalt nave authority at all times during the session of parliament, to minister such oath and oaths, and to such person and When this act persons, as by the true intent of this statute is to be ministred. ftaU take This act to take place from and after the end of this present'uc*' session of parliament.

CAP. III.

dht all for the continuing and better maintenance of dry and other manual occupations, by the true implement of monies given and to be given for the binding out of apprentices.

How money 'C'ORASMUCH as the true labour and exercise of husbandry, and given for JO the bringing up of apprentices of both foxes in trades KndinAf mud occupations, art things very profitable in the commonwealth, and {^occupation* acceptable and pltafing unto Almighty God, there being already great shall be bo- sums of money freely given, and mere in time to come like to be given, flowed. by divers well-disposed persons, unto the corporations of divers cities, boroughs, towns corporate, and unto divers persons in sundry towns not corporate^ andparishes v/ukinthis realm tf_ England, to be

all»

i6«9'] Anno feptiroo Jacobi, 0.3. 2 if

ally imploytd in the binding vitas apprtniicts, of a gnat of

tht poarefi fort of children unto needful trades too

experience whereof bath brought forth very gnat profit and commodity unto thoft cities, towns and panAes where any parts cf monies have been ft given and impuyed, and so no doubt there will con-

Jequentty ensue tier oof the exceeding good of the commonwealth in general: (2) and for that the mtfi part of the poorer forts of children,

would (as heretofore') without fifth good cere and affiflante be brought up in idleness, and difortfered kinds of life, to thetr utter overthrew,

and to the great prejudice of the whole co(3) for

that it is very likely that many other well-disposed people will be tie better encouraged, willingly to follow tie tine good example in befiow-

Jng also good jams of menus to the same good and godly purposes, if it

might be so provided, that such monies as have been already so freely given, or as hereafter JbdUhe given, for the binding out of fiuo poor

children apprentices, may continually hereafter remain, and be employed accordingly,

II. Be It therefore enacted by the Ring's most excellent mv How money lefty, the lord* spiritusd and temporal, end the commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of thepjjwdKldrai same. That all sums of money so freely given at any time withr spprauicM

in three years last past, or hereafter to be given by any person fluU bn persons, to be continually imployed for the binding out of apprentices as aforesaid, shall for ever from henceforth continue v"9a* and be from time to time used and employed to such uses, indents and purposes only, and by such persons, and in such manr-.ner and form as shall be hereafter by this present act specified and declared, except the same have been or shall be otherwifp ordered or disposed by the givers thereof; that is to say, (a) that all corporations of all cities, boroughs and towns corporate, by what name or names soever they mall be known or incorporated, and in towns and parishes not incorporate, the parfoa or vicar of every such town or parish, together with the constable or constables, the churchwarden or churchwardens, collectors, and the overseers for the poor for the time being, or the most part of them, where any such ium or (urns of money are already given, or shall be hereafter given, to be so imploved, shall from time to time within the said several cities, boroughs, towns and parishes respectively, have the nomination and placing of such apprentices, and the guiding and imployment of all such monies as have been heretofore so given, or which hereafter shall be given, to and for the continual binding forth of such and so many apprentices, and in such fort as is already, or shall hereafter be so given and appointed, either by the last will and testament, or by any writing or writings under the bands and seals of any person or persons which hath already, or hereafter shall so give any sum or sums of monies unto the good and godly purposes and intents aforesaid: (3) and if the corporation Tbeforfeftm* of any such cities, boroughs or towns corporate, by what name those who or names soever they shall be called or incorporated, or any the ^'yet'refSe person or persons in the other towns and parifoe* above men- to employ the

poped, mousy.

324> Anmyseptimo Jacobi, c. 3.[1609.

4ioned, appointed by this act to -have continually the guiding and imployment of such sums of monies so already given, or hereafter to be given, to the interns and purposes aforesaid, shall at any time hereafter wilfully forbear or resute, according to their duties in this behalf, to iinploy stich fuiqs of money so given or to be given as aforesaid, for the binding out of such apprentices, by means of which wilful forbearance or refilling, the said money shall not be imployed accordingly; that then they and every of thepi so offending contrary to this act, shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum of three pounds ftx shillings and eight pence lawful English money; the one half thereof tobe given to the poor of the town or parish where such fault or ^offence shall be done or committed; the other moiety to the 'party that shall foe for the same; (4) and that every man thft will, may and shall be admitted to foe for the same ipoie-ty, for the use and benefit of the said poor, and shall be aish admitted, to foe for the forfeiture, of the other moiety, many of the King's majesty's courts of record, to his own benefit and behoof, by aftioit of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no protection, wager of law or cflbin shall be admitted or allowed.

party

III. And for that all monies so given may the better conti- k Sk receiv* nue to and for the purposes aforesaid, be it enacted by the au-aforesaid, That the master, mistress or dame of every with furttiesfi»ch apprentice or apprentices that shall receive any such sum so repay it. t>r sums of money as aforesaid, shall become bound with one or two sufficient sureties, by bpnd pr obligation in double the sum which they and every of them shall so receive with such apprentice or apprentices as aforesaid, unto the corporation of «any such city or town corporate, by what name or names soever they shall be called or incorporated, or to such person or persons in the other towns and pari files not incorporated, appointed by this act to have continually the guiding and imployment of all such sums of money so already given or 4ierearter to be given, to the intents and purposes aforesaid respectively, upon condition to repay such sum or sums of money, as he or she shall so receive with any such apprentice or apprentices, at the end of (even years next ensuing the date of the said obligation, or within three mqnths next tfter the end of the said seven years: (2) and if such apprentice shall happen to die within the said space of seven years, then within one year after his or her said death; (3) and if the mailer, mistress or dame, to whom any such apprentice or apprentices shall be bound, shall happen to die within the said space of seven years, then within one year next after his or her said death; (4) so as the said monies may be again imployed for placing such apprentice with some other person of the same trade, to serve out the residue of the years of his or her former apprenticeship, by the discretion of the said persons trulled as aforesaid.

\Vithift wtefc

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

..... §'Tfett

1609.] ibint^septimo Jacobi. ©.3; mi

Thaievtry fbcb sum or sums of money so given or to be given thcrao

in manner and fonhi and to and for the good uses and intents '

aforesaid, shall always be put forth and imployed by the par-p*;

ties aforesaid, that by this act shall have the disposing and ,]

imployment thereof, within three months at the furthest, after such money shall come to the hands of the said parties, that by the intent and true meaning of this act ought to diipafe and imploy the same; (2) and if at such times A provision if there shall not be found fit and apt persons to be bound out apprentices as aforesaid, within the said cities, towns and pa- |q

ri flies where such sums of money are or hereafter shall be be app-eati* given to be imployed as afore is declared) then such of theces, poorest children of any of the parishes next adjoining shall be bound apprentices in manner as aforesaid, as by the care and good dtferetions of the parties which by this act have the dif-poling and imployment of the said sums of money in the cities, towns and parishes where it was first given to be imploved, shall be thought fit and convenient, taking such bonds and obligations of the persons that shall receive the said sums of money so put forth, and with such sureties, and upon such conditions, as is above mentioned and declared*

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a- What fort of foresaid, That choice from time to time be made of the poorest persons shall forts of children of every such city, town and parish, where bc aPPrenti-such monies shall be so given, and whose parents are leaftccf'

able to relieve them: (2) and that no such apprentice shall be above the age of fifteen years when he or Ine shall be.so first bound out an apprentice.

VI. And for the better execution of this act, be it further Account shall

enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person of

and persons appointed by this act to have the imploying and employed^ disposing of any sum or sums of money so given or to be given as aforesaid, within any town or parish not corporate, mall after the end of this present session of parliament, once every year in the Easier week, or within one month next after Easter v

day, make a true and perfect account before four, three, or two justices of the peace, dwelling in or next to every of the said towns or parishes, of all such sum and sums or money as they or any of them have imployed in binding of apprentices, oy virtue of this act, and of all bonds and obligations taken for the payment thereof, and also of all such sums of money a* then shall happen to be remaining in their hands not imploved: (2) and also shall at the making and yielding up of the said account, or within ten days then next following, yield and deliver up unto such as shall happen next to succeed them, or then to be in the said rooms and places, all such obligations and bonds as by them or any of them have been before that time taken to the uses aforesaid; as also all,

sums of money remaining in their or any of their hands to be imployed as aforesaid, and not implayed at the time of the yielding up of the said account.

kit Artnoseptimo JACOB!] [1669.

A remedy VH» -And further be it enacted by the autforityaforesaid,

MffrwLt! That if any of the parties appointed and trusted by this aVft fcSvbieak the toHave the dftpofing and impbyraeat of any of the Aid fmns of trust, or con*- money so gi^en or to be given as aforeAia; shall in any point mit any of- ordegree break- the trust and confidence in them in tins behalfence* repofod, or shall commit any other tnifdemeanor or offence in mffimploying of the said Aims of money, or any part there* of, or in doing any other act or a As contrary to their duties, and the true intent and meaning of this act, for which there is not by this act any penalty given or appointed, then Hr shall and may be lawful for any person or persons whatsoever, in the behalf of the poor of Rich city, borough or pariftt, td exhibit his petition to the lord chancellor or lord keejfer of the great seal of England for the time being, touching the same: which lord chancellor or bid keeper or the great seal of England for the time bang, shall thereupon have nil! power and authority to award a conunftifion out of the high court of chancery, under the great seal of England, to such and so many persons as his iordmip shall think meet, to esquire, hear and determine the iud offences; and every of them: (a) and if the Aid com-sniifionen or the ipqft part- of-them shall find, that any Aim or (urns of money'so riven or -to-be given, an loft, impaired, wasted or dtminished, then they or the most part of them shall likewise have power, by virtue of this act and of thtSr Aid commission, to rate, raise and collect the said font of money so loft, impaired, wasted or' diminished, upon such person or ersons in places not incorporate, as by this act are appointed to ...hgve the guiding and ordering of the said monies, if they or

airy of them have Ailed in their said duties in that behalf, or otherwise upon the able inhabitants of such city, town or parish, where the Ame shall so happen, as in the discretion of the Aid of or the greatest part bf them shall be thought -fitted, and to return the1 Aid commission and the manner of the execution thereof, into the Aid high court of chancery within Ac remedy for three months next after the-execution thereof: (3) and if any any party person or persons shall find himself grieved by any thing done jpieved by the Aid of, then upon complaint thereof made in the high court of chancery; the said lord chancellor or lord keeper for the time being, shall have All power and authority to order and decree the lame, as to his lordship shall be thought most fit to Hand with equity and good confdence.

CAP. IV.

An act for the due execution of divers laws and statutes -

toforemade against rogu, vagabonds and fiurdj

and other lewd and idle persons.

wEbe. 4&$.'WHEREAS heretofore divers good and and

i*eall!u fl»alir" statutes have been made and provided for the of houses

be provided tfeorretfion, for the suppressing vagabonds

and the go- and ether idle % vagrant and persons j which laws have not

wrought

the commu-tfoner*.

1600.] Anno septimo Jacobi. C. 4I 423

wrmghtfi geei efftR asivas expected, as mO that the vermnrat of

ef tomfiim have mt been built aster ding'as was as

for that the foodfoafutes have net been duly andfewrefy pvt in exe-'*

cution, as bp the fad Jiatuttswere appointed: (a) for remedy whereof, be it enacted and estabKlhed by our sovereign lord tho King's majesty, and by the lord* spiritual and temporal, and by the commons) in this present parliament assembled, and by the author rity of the lame, That all laws andftatutes new in force, made for theeredtiogand building of houses»fCorrection, and for punishing of rogues, vagabonds, and other 'wandring-and idle persons, shall be put in due execution.

II. And be it further enacted and establMhed by the authority aforesaid, That before the feast of Saint Michael the arch- ,

angel, which shall be in the year of our Lord Cod one thousand provided in " six hundred and eleven, there shall be erected, built or other-every shire wife provided, within every county of this realm of England and '"le P"-

Wales, where there is not one house of torredbon already builtj, purchased, provided or continued, one or more fit and conve- 19 '*

nient house or houses of correction, with convenient backfidd thereunto adjoining, together with- mills, turns, cards and such like necessary implements, to set the find rogues or such other idle persons on work j the same houses to be built, erected of provided in same convenient place or town in every County:

(2) which houses shall be purchased, conveyed or assured unto such person or persons as by the jiiflkes of peace or (he more part <?f them, in their quarter sessions of the peace to1 be holderi within every county of this realm of England and, upon trust, to the intent the same shall be used and imployed for the keeping, correcting and setting to work of the said rogues, vagabonds, (lurdy beggars and other idle and disorderly persons.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The forfeiture That if the said house (b to be erected, purchased or provided; of every juf-shall not be erected, built or otherwise provided before the

feast of Saint Michael the archangel, which shall be in the of correction - year one thousand six hundred and eleven next ensuing the last be not proday of this present session of parliament. That then every vided. justice of peace within every county of this realm of England and Wales, where such house and backside shall not be erected or provided, shall forfeit for his said neglect, five pounds of lawful English money; (2) the one moiety thereof to be unto him or them that will sue for the same by action of debt, bill, plaint or information; in which' suit no protection, essoin or wager of law shall be admitted; and the other moiety thereof to be employed and bestowed towards the erecting, building^ procuring or providing the said house and backside, and such necessary implements as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted and established by the author A governor rity aforesaid, That the justices of peace of every county with- torn be spin the realm of England and Wales, at their quarter sessions of P*"*"1

of correction ami his authority.

Therdgtie*

shaft hot be Chargeable t6 the country.

General privy search shall be made in every hundred, town, &c.

IXtftaltd by is Annx, (tat. 2 c. 13. f.2t.

The constables account of vagabonds apprehended.

Anno fcptkno ^acwK. c. 4.'.

[1609.

the peace to be holden for their fevetal counties ifter the erecting, providing or building of the Aid house-or-ho\ifes, and so from time to time) or the most part of them, no-

minate and appoint at their will and pleasure, one et wfore ho-ntft fit person or persons, to be governor or matter <xf ^e said fioufe or houses to to be purchased, erected, built or provided \

(2) which person and persons to chosen by virtue of title preterit act, shall have power and authority to set such rogues, vagabonds, idle and diferderly persons, as shall be brought or font unto the Aid house, to work and labour (being able) from time to time, for such time as they shall continue and be remaining in the said house of correction, and to punflh the Aid rogues, vagabonds, idle and disorderly persons, by putting fetters or gives upon them, and by moderate whipping of (hem: (3} and that the Aid rogues, vagabonds and idle persons, during such time as they shall continue and remain in the said house of correction, shall in no fort be chargeable to the country for any allowance, either at their bringing in or going forth, or during the time of their abode there, but shall nave such and so much allowance as they shall deserve by their own labour and work.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforeAki, That the Aid justices of peace of every county, within every of their several oivisions, twice in every year at the lead, and eftner if there be occasion, shall assemble and meet together for the bfct^ ter execution of this statute $ and that some four or five days be* fore their assembly and meeting, the Aid justices or the more part of them shall by their warrant command the constables and tithingmen of every hundred, town, j>ari(h, village and hamlet, within their Aid several divisions, which shall be assisted with sufficient men of the Ame places, to make a general privy search in one night within their Aid hundreds, towns, villages and hamlets, few the finding out and apprehending of the Aid rogues, vagabonds, wandring and idle persons; (2) and that such rogues; vagabonds, wandring and idle persons, as they shall then find and apprehend in the Aid search, shall by them be brought before the said justices at their Aid assembly or meeting, there to be examined of their idle and wandring life, there to be punished, or otherwise by their warrant to be sent or conveyed unto the said house or houses of correction within the said county appointed and prefixed there, to be delivered to the matter or governor of the said house, or to his deputy or assignee, to be (et to labour and work: (3) at which days and times ef assembly and meeting so to be held by the said justices of peace, the constables and tithingmen of every hundred, parish, town, village and hamlet, shall then appear in every their several divisions, before the Aid justices of peace, at the said assemblies or meetings, and there shall give account and reckoning upon oath in writing, and under the hand of the minister of every parish, what rogues, vagabonds and wandring and disorderly persons they have apprehended, both in the Ame search, and also between every such assemblies and meetings, and how many have

1609.] Anno septimo Jacobi, c. 4. 225

been by them punifoed or otherwise Cent unto the houses of cor* rcdion: which if the said constables or tithing-men shall neg-led to perform, as also to convey fafdy all such rogues, with all -other idle and difondcriy perfora, at the charge of the hundred, as by the juffiees of peace their warrants shall be sent unto the houses of correction in the same county; that then they shall forfeit such further fines, pains and penalties, as by the said justtces of peace or the most part of them shall be thought fit and convenient, not exceeding the sum of forty shillings for eve* ry offence.

VI. And for that it is convenient that the masters or governors of The gover-the said houses of correction should have same fit allowance and main- nor'* allow-tenance for their travel and care to be bad in the said service, as also and for the relieving of fiuh as JhaR happen to be weak and feck in their maiaftasnssr cujhdys and that the subjects of tins realm should in no fort be over-

ebargody to raifo up money for flocks to Jet fiuh on work as shall be committed to their custody\ (2) be it therefore enacted and estab* lifted by the authority of this present parliament. That the ma« fters or governors of the said houses of correction, shall have such sums of money yearly, as shall be thought meet by the most part of the justice* ot peace within the said county at the quarter-feb fions of the peace, the same to be paid quarterly before-hand by the treahirers appointed by one act made in the three and for* 43El. «.# tieth year of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act for the relief of the poor, during the time they the said masters and governors shall be imployed in the said service, (the said master or governor giving iumcient security for the continuance and per* forxnance of the find service) (3) which if the said treasurer shall neglect or refuse to perform. That then the said master or governor of the house of correction shall have authority by this present act to levy the same, or so much thereof as shall be Unpaid, upon the said treasurer's account, in such manner and form as by the said statute they the said treasurers are appointed and authorised to levy the weekly (urn or payment being to them unpaid.

VII. And becaufo great charge arifoth upon many places within this The pimirti-realm by reason of bastardy, besides the great dishonour of Almighty ment ot Go<L> be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That eve-

ry lewd Woman, which after this present session of parliament l8 Cm # shall have any bastard which may be Chargeable to the parish, Bulftr. 34.8. the justices ot peace shall commit such lewd woman to the house 3 Car. 1. c. 4. of correction, there to be punifted and set on work, during the 1§l*' term of one whole year; (2) and if (he shall eftfoons offend again. That then to be con.mitted to the said house of correction as aforesaid, and there to remain until (he can put in good sureties for her good behaviour, not to offend so again.

VIII. And for that mam wilful people finding that they having.children, have same hope to have relief from the parish wherein they dwell, and being able to labour, and thereby to relieve themselves arid

their families^ do nevertheless run away out of their parishes^and leave a remedy for their families upon the parish \ (2) for remedy whereof, be it fur- them that run Vot. VII, ther

226 Anno septimo JACOBI.C*5. [1609.

away, and ther enacted by this present parliament^ and ftteambority of, the

children to the kme, That all such persons so running away shall be taken and charge of the deemed to be incorrigible rogues, and endure the pain of incpr-parish. rigible rogues: (3) and if either such man or woman bong able 5 Geo. 1. c.l to work, and dull threaten to run away and leave their randies as aforesaid, the same being proved by two diffident witnesses upon oath, before two juflSces of peace in that division; that then the said persons (b threatning shall by the said justices of peace be sent to the houses of cotredtion, (uoAefs he or she can put in sufficient sureties for the discharge of the parish) there to be dealt with and detained as a sturdy and wandring rogue, and to be delivered at the said assembly or meeting, or at the quae* ter-sessions, and not otherwise.

XL. And heeause there /ballbe the more cart taken by all such

givefieri of the haujesof correction that when the country bath been at

gOVffo

shall gi

The

nors

account to th^trouble and charge to bring all such persont com- , ^wr faf* keeping*that then they perform their dutiet in that

mitted to their behalf* (2) be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, custody. That if they shall not every quarter-fduans yield a true and law-

fid account unto the justices of peace of all such persons as have been committed to their custody, or if the said persons committed to their custody, or any of them, shall be troublefbme unto the country, by going abroad, or otherwise shall escape away from the Cud home of correctioa before they shall be from thence lawfully delivered, that then the said justices shall set down such fines and penalties upon the said master and governors, as the most part of them in their quarter-sessions shall think fit and convenient; ( 3) and all fines and penalties not herein before limited shall be paid unto the treasurer, and accounted for by the trea-The continu- ^urer aforesaid. (4) This act to have continuance for the space ance of this of seven years, and from thence to the end of the next session of ad. parliament after the said seven years- jGjm. 4. Continued un-

til the end of the first session of the next parliament* and farther continued by 16 Car.i. r. 4.

CAP V,

An act for ease in pleading and contentious suits

prosecuted againfijustices of the peace, mayors* constables and certain other his M for the lawful execution of their office.

The plea of an T^' O R ease in pleading against many eaufelefs and contentious jails °leadedf1-th which have been* and daily are commenced and

execution of*justices of peace* mayors or bailiffs of cities and towns corporate* head-

hit office. boroughs* port-reves* constables* of fubfidits and

Cro.Car.175, fifteens* who for due execution of their office haw been troubled and V. u if7* molested* and still are like to be troubled and moleftei* by evil-disposed Mt"M*X. contentious persons* to their great charge and in doing

of their offices: (2) be it therefore enacted by qur sovereign lord the King, and by the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any action, bill, plaint or suit, upon

1609.] Anno septimo Jacobi. c<6. z/17

upon the case, ttWpafi, battery or false itnprisonfflcBt, Aa)l be brought afterfortydays next after the end of this session of parliament, m ariy of his Majesty's courts at or e)fe«

where, against any justtoe of peace, mayor or bailiff of city or tonm corporate, headborough, poet-Deve, constable, tithiugman, collector of subsidy or fifteens, for or concerning any matter, oause or thing, by-them or any of them'done by virtue or <rea> fbn of their or any of their office or offices. That it shall be law- 1 Roll. 174. ful to and for every such joffice of peace, mayor, bailiff, can- Moor 84$. ft able or other officer or officers before named, and ah others1 Mod'l8+* which m their aid er assistance, or by thor commandment, shall.do atxy thing touching of concerning his or their office or offices, to plead the general ifibe, that he or they are not guilty, (3) and to give sech (pedal matter in evidence to the jury which shall try the same, which special matter being pleaded had been a good and fhfficiem matter in law to have discharged the bid. defendant or defendants of the trelphfs, or other matter laid to his oc their charge: (4.) and that if the verdict shall pafsiwitfa the said The defen-, j defendant or defendants in any, such action, or the -plaintiff or plaintiffs therein become nonsoit, or suffer a by discontimiatioe^eco °* thereof, That in every such case the juffioes or justice, eb such 3 Bulftr. 77. ether judge before-whom-tHefeid matter shal) be tried, ihaJLby force and virtue of this act allow unto the defendant or idefien-dants his or their double costs, which he. or they, shall have sustained by reason of their wrongful vexation un defence of the said action or suit; (5)for which the said. defendant or defendants shaft have like remedy, as in other cases where costs uby the haws of this realm are given to the defendants. (6) And this act to Continue for seven-years, and from thence to the-end of Continuance the next parliament after the said seven years. ftaiuu of this »&. larged, and made perpetual. 21 Jac. 1. c. 1but fee 21 'Join. r.o8»

which only continues it to the end of the firflfeffim of the next parsliament.

CAP. VI.

An act for administring the oath of allegiance, and reformation of married women recusants.

WHEREAS by a statute made in the'third year of pour Maje- j jac. f>

fly's reign, intituled, An act for the better diuxwering and Who shall take

repr effing of popish recusents, the farm of an oath to be Mmflred^e oxh of and given to certain persons in the same aB mentioned is limited the K*nC* and

preferred, tending only to the declaration of such duty as every true and by whom'it well-afftBed subjefi, not only by bond of 'allegiance, but also by the shall be mini-commandment of Almighty God, ought to bear to your Majesty, your (bed. and heirs and successors: (2) ten bub oath such as are infefied with popish ^j)m what

Juperflition do oppugne with many false and unfound arguments, the Buiftnioe, just defence whereofyour Majesty hath heretofore undertaken and worthily performed, to the great contentment of all your loving subjects,

notwithstanding the gain-flyings of contentious adversaries.

II. And to flaw how greatly your loyal subjtfls do approve the fald^ffP E"* oath; They proftnue themselves at your Majesty's feet, belcech- of eighteen

0, 2 ing

228 Anno septimo Jacobi, jc. 6. [1609.

years toran lTk % ymt Majesty that the same oath may.be administred to all take th ath your: to which end we with all huxnbleness beseech

of obedience. Your Highness that it may be enacted, (2) and be it enacted, ny the authority of this present parliament. That all and every person and persons, as well ecclesiastical as temporal, of what estate, dignity, preheminence, lex, quality or degree soever, he, she or they be, or shall be, above the age of eighteen years, being hereafter in tips ad mentioned and intended, shall make, take and receive a corporal oath upon the evangelifU, according to the tenor and eficdt of the said oath set forth in; theiaid fore-Before whom mentioned statute, before such person or persons as hereafter in ftth person this act is expressed: that is to say, (3) all and every archhi-oath/5 thC P an<* bishop that now is or hereaiter shall bc^ before the 3 Jac.i. c. 4. lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great seal for the time being.

Archbishops HI. And all and every ecclesiastical judge, officer and mini-and bishops, fter, of whgt estate, dignity, preheminence or degree soever he ecclesiastical or they be or shall be, before the archbishop of the province, ^K^»d or bishop, or other ordinary of the diocese for the time being,* wherein fitch ecclesiastical judge, officer or minister ought to ex-erdfe his said office, place or function.

A baron or

IV. And all and every person and persons of or above the de-baroness, or a- gree of a baron of parliament, or baroness of this your Highness bove that de- realm of England* and all of your Highness privy council refid-f-.P-y ing in London or WestmnfUr, or within thirty miles thereof, and andpresidents. t*lc presidents of Wales and die north parts, before any four of your Highness privy council, whereof the lord chancellor, lord treasurer, lord privy seal or principal secretaryfor the time being, to be one: (2) and if such person or persons live and reside in the country, distant above thirty miles from London^ then before the lord bishop of the diocese, or such other person or persons as the lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great seal for the time being shall thereto by writ of dtdimus p&tfflatem authorize.

The (Worn fer- V. And all and every the sworn servants, ordinary and ex-

vants of the traordinary, of your Highness, the Queen's grace, or of the King, the houshold of the prince of JVakSj and of the rest of your High-yuecn, rnnc, children, before the lord steward, the lord chamberlains and vice-chamberlains to your Highness and the Queen, the treasurer and comptroller of your Highness houshold, the matter of your Highness horse, the dean of the chapel, and the knight-marshal for the time being, the officers of the tjreto-cloth, or any three of them.

Judges, mini- VI. All and every temporal judge, justices of peace, (he-iters of justice, riffs, efeheators, feodaries, and other officers and ministers of revive th?° Ju^con Present not specially mentioned, and every King's fee. other person or persons that doth or shall receive any fee of your Highness, your heirs and successors, before the lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great seal, lord treasurer, lord admiral, lord warden of the five ports, for the time being, or one of them, or before one of the chief justices of either of your Majesty's bench,

or

1-609.] Anno septimo Jacobi, c .6.229

or of the common pleas, or before die justices of assize of the same county where the parties reside, or cither such persons as the lord chanceUdr or keeper of the &id great seal shall thereunto authorize.

VII. And all mayors, bailiffs or other chief officers of cities

and towns corporate, by what name soever they be called OT to«wucorpL known, before such person or persons as usually administer the rate, oath to them at their first entrance into their laid offices.

VIII. And all and every the knights, citizens, burgesses and Knights, riti-barons of the five ports of the commons house of parliament, at

any parliament or Tession of parfiamoit hereafter to be assembled, the pari* °* before he or they shall be permitted to enter into the said house, meat, before the lord Reward for the time being, or his deputy or deputies: (2) and the master of the ordnance, lieutenant of the The master of Sower of London, and mint-master there, the four principal of- the ordnance, fleers of your navy under the lord admiral, before the lord chan- r.

cellor or lord keeper of the great seal, and the lord admiral for 1

the time being, or any of them.

IX. And all the omcersj ministers, servants and others, with- Officer* and

in yonr said tower'of London, before the lieutenant of the ^rvanta in the tower. tewer'

X. And all the vice-admirals, captains, mailers, officers, officer* and ministers and soldiers in your Highness ships, or any of them, foklter* in before the said four principal officers of your navy, or any. two of them.

XI. And all persons having charge of castles, fortresses, block- Captain* of houses or garrisons, and all captains who shall have charge of soldiers, within this your Highness realm, before the justices of dwr>' assize of the same county, or before two justices of the peace of the same county, city or liberty, where the same castles, fortresses or block-homes shall fund, or the charge of soldiers shall be.

XII. All doctors, advocates and prodors of the civil law, Dolton, ad-

and their clerks, before die bishop of the diocese where they T0C£* shall for the most part dwell or reside. 1*

XIII. And all and every person or persons temporal that here- sueneflivety, after shall sue-livery or tufttr It main out of the hands of your

Highness, your heirs or successors, before his or their ouster mam feed forth and allowed, before the master of the wards and liveries, or before the forveyor and attorney of your Highness said court, in open court.

XIV. All the serjeants at law, servants to the judges in your Serjeants at Highness courts at Westminstert and all other in the serjeants*"» n<* inns, before the chief justice of your Majesty's bench, the chiefj££d*fer' justice of the common pleas, and the chief baron of your exchequer, or some or one of them.

Xy. All your Highness subjects in the inns of court, or that Gentlemen of hereafter shall fce admitted thereunto, and the principals and courtyard treaforers of every inn of chancery, before the readers and bench- principals of ers of the several houses where to they belong, or four of them the inns of at the least, in their opep halls. chancery,

0, 3 XVI, AH

All of the inns of chancery.

Frothonota-ries, officers* attornies, clerks, &c.

Clerks and officers of the chancery.

Parsons, vicars, curates, &c. school-matter, usher.

The vice-chancellors in the univerii-ties, and principals of colleges or halls.

Persons promoted to degree in school.

Fellows and scholars in colleges.

Doctors and pra&ifers of physick.

Aldermen, fhrriffs, and freemen of cities and towns corporate,

When the persons afore (a id > shall take the said oath.

Who may tender the said oath, and to whom.

Anno feptimer Jacobi. C. 6. [1609.

XVI. All other your Majest/s fobjects, as well ancients at others, not bang principal or treafarer, that now are or hereafter shall be admitted- into any mn of chancery, before the principal or treasurer, and ancients of the several inns chancery, or four of them, m their open halls,

XVII. All prothonotaries, phdisers, officers, miiuftens, attoTnies end Clerks, that now are or hereafter shall be admitted to write or practise in any of your Highness courts et Wt/tom- jftry or in any other court of record, before the judge or judges of the (amt court.

XVIII. All clerks of the chancery, and all their under-clerks, and all other officers of the said court of chancery, and their clerks, before the matter of the roils for the time beings or before two of the matters of the said court of chancery.

XIX. And all parsons, vicars and curates, and all other persons ecclesiastical taking orders, and all and every school-master and usher, before the bishop of the diocese, or other ordinary in the same, fitting in open court.

XX. The vice-chancellors of both the universities for the time being, and the presidents, wardens, provosts, matters of colleges and halls, and all other heads and principals of houses, proctors, and beadles of the universities, publickly in the convocation, before the senior matters there present.

XXI. And all and every other persons whatsoever, that is or shall be promoted to any degree in school, before the vice-chancellor of the said university for die time being, in the congrega-tion-house.

XXII. All fellows of houses, and all scholars of halls or colleges, that now are or hereafter shall be received into the lame, being under the degree of a baron, before the president, master, provott, warden, or other head or chief governor of thatcolloge, hal| or house, whereunto he shall be received, and in the open bail.

XXIII. And all doctors of physick, and all other who prac-tife phvfiek, that now are or hereafter shall be admitted into the college of physicians in London, before the president of the same college for the time being.

XXIV. And all aldermen, sheriffs and under officers what-fdever, of the cities and towns corporate, and all such as hereafter shall be made freemen of the said city or town corporate, before the mayor, bailiffs, or other chief officer of the said city or town, in the open hall.

XXV. And to the intent that due execution may be had of the premisses without delay, it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the persons before named, who have any certain time limited or expressed when to take the aforesaid oath, shall at the time therein prescribed take the same, ' and the rest within six months next after the end of this present session of parliament.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by authority of this present parliament. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one of the privy council of your Highness, or of- your hors and

fuc-

x6o(.] Anno septimo Jacobi* c. 6. 231

successors, and to and for every bishop in his dioceie, to require any baron or baronefe of the age of eighteen years or above, to take 'the said oath; (a) and to and for any two justices of peace within any county, city, or town corporate, whereof one to be of the quorum, to require any person or persons of the age Of eighteen years or above, under the degree of abaron or baro-ftess, to take the said oath: (3) and if any person or persons of or above the said age and degree, now stand or hereafter at any time shall stand and be presented, indicted or convicted for not coming to church or not receiving the holy communion or sacrament of the Lord's supper, according to the laws and statutes of this realm, before the ordinary, or other having lawful power to take such presentment or mdi&ment, then three of the privy council of your Highness, your heirs and successors, whereof the lord chancellor, lord treasurer, lord privy seal or principal fecre* tary to be one, upon knowledge thereof, shall require such per-fori or persons to take the said oath: (4) and if any other peN son or persons whatsoever, of and above the said age, and under the said degree, now stand or at Sny time hweafter shall stand, and be presented, indicted or convicted for not coming to church or receiving the holy communion or sacrament of the Lord's supper, according to the laws and statutes of this realm, before the ordinary or any other having lawful power to take such presentment or indictment 5 or if the minister, petty constable and church-wardens, or any two of them, shall at any time hereafter complain to any justice of peace, near adjoining to the place where any person complained of shall dwell, and the said justice shall find cause of suspicion; that then any one justice of peace, within whose commission or power such person or persons shall at any time hereafter be, or to whom complaint shall be made as aforesaid, ' shall upon notice thereof require such person or persons to take the said oath: (5) and that if any person or persons, being of the age of eighteen years or above, shall refuse to take the said oath, duly tendered to him or her, according to the true intent and meaning of this statute, that then the persons authorized by this law to give the said oath, fhidl and may commit the same offender to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until the next assizes or general quarter-sessions to be holden for the said shire, division, limit or liberty; where the said oath shall be again in the said open sessions required of such person by the said justices of assize or justices of the peace then and there present, The penalty or the greater number of them: (6) and if the said person or for refilling tp persons, of the age of eighteen years or above, shall refuse to ta^5tl)C fai<* take the said oath, being tendered to him or her by the said Co. t justices of assize and gaol-delivery, in their open assizes or gaol-delivery, or the justices of peace or the greater part of them in their general or quarter-sessions, every person so refilling shall incur the danger and penalty of pramunire^ mentioned in a statute made in the sixteenth year of the reign of King Richard the Second, (except women covert, who mall be committed only to t6 R. c,.

Q^4 prison, x RoU-«

*$* Annofepth&o JACOBI; C.JU vi' [1^09.

prison, th?r< jto remain without bailer majopriaeJa^they will

take the said oathj'vt\

Disabled to

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every person re-eMaite or fusing to nke the fcidoath as above* shall be disabled tp all in-uin oGcet or* and purposes, to execute any. publict place of judicature, iciencet..or bear any other office (being no office of inheritance ar mini-ftpriaj function) within this your Highpcfs realm of England: (a) or to use or pra&ke the common law or civil law, or the science of phyhek or surgery, or the art of an apothecary, or any liberal science, for his or their gain, within this realm, until. such time as the same person shall receive the tune oath, according to the intent of this statute.

The penalty of

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That jf any married wo.

married wo- man (being lawfully convicted as a popish recusant far not com-h*a fheC|i*&nt°810 c^urc^) dull not within three months next after such come to the C conv'<*on conform her self, and repair to the church-and rechurch and.ccive the sacrament of the Lord's fopper, according: to the for-receive the mer laws and statutes made and provided in that behalf touch-sacrament. ing recusants; That then she shall be committed to prison by one of the privy council of your Highnds, your heirs or fuc-. ceflors, or by the bishop of the diocese, if she be a baronefc, or if she be under that degree, by two justtces of the peace of the same county, whereof ooe to be of the quorum, there to remain without bail or mainprize until (he shall conform her self and.come to church, and receive the sacrament of the Lord's (upper, unless the husband of such wife shall pay to the King's majesty, his heirs or fuccedbrs, for the offence of his laid wife, for every month ten pounds jof lawful money of England, or else the third part (in three parts to be divided) of all his land and tenements, at the choice of the husband whole wife is so convicted as aforesaid, for and during so long time as (he remaining a recusant convicted, shall continue out of prison, during which time (and no longer) (he may be at liberty.

CAP. VII.

An act for the ptnishing and correSing of deceit and frauds committed by sorters of wool, and

weavers of woolen yarn.

WHEREAS by the trade of, making of bays, fays, and other tlotbs and stuffs made of wool or partly of wool, many poor people art set on work, and great profit bath grown to tie poor and tommonwedllb thereby; (?) yet now by the abuse and deceit of tbt sorters, kembers, carders an of wool to them delivered, by the persons ufmgthe trades aforesaid, and weavers of the yam made of such wool, who are fit of work the dothier, maker of bays, fays find other cloths and fluff* aby unjtfUy, deceitfully, and falfiy purloining, imbeziising, felling and detaining of part thereof, to the great damage of the clothier and others using the trades aforesaid, whereby true cuthmaiing is much hindered and doth daily lifer case: (3)so that many txercifing the are

greatly impoverjjbed , and the parties which commit the offences

' M

1609.] Anno ^aime Jacobi. c. 7.33

/did* btinafaonamialuaetbeiiembltto w jotitfaf-

tien far the tnfpajfes, deathsqnd abtfesaferefiniy boot much difm-

ragtd thejaiddtth'w, maker of bays and ethersf

Jatd, to fit peer feeble an wordy whereby mtub poverty hurtafi

and man 'alike daily t$ increase» tethe gnat damage and hindrance ef

the tammnwealth:

IL For the preventing and reformation whereof, be it enacted by the authority of this present parliament. That all and every focfa lewd person and persons, who Avail at any time after twenty days next after the end of this session of parliament, unjustly, felfly or deceitfully convey away, imbezil, purloin, fell or detain any part of the wool or yam delivered by any clothier,

maker of bays, fays, or by any other perfoft Or persons making any such cloths or stuffs, to any such fbrter, carder, kember,

(pinfler at weaver of wool or yam; That in every such case and cases, as well the sorter, carder, kember, spinster and weaver so offending, as the buyer and buyers, receiver and receivers of the same, knowing the -fame, being thereof lawfully convicted (by confefBon of the party or parties so offending, or by one sufficient witness upon oath before two or more of the King's majesty's.justices of the peace of the same county or liberty where the femeoffence or offences shall be committed, or if it be within a town-corporate, before the mayor, bailiff or chief officer, and one more of the aldermen or most fubffandal persons of the said town, (2) who shall by force of this act have full power and authority to miniffer the same oath, and finally to hear, end and determine, all and every the offences aforesaid); (3) shall give and make to the party or parties grieyed, such recompence and satisfkdtoo for such their damage and lose, as by the said justices or chief officers shall be ordered and appointed: (4) and if the party or parties so offending shall not be thought, in the discretion of the said justices or chief officers, able or sufficient, or do not make recompence or satisfaction for the same offence or offences, in such manner and form as by the said justices or chief officers shall be ordered and appointed as aforesaid, then the.par- The penalty ty or parties offending, for the first offence to be apprehended of a worker of and whipped, or set in the (locks, in the place where the offence T00* P' 7aTn is committed, or in Tome market-town in the said county, near unto the place where the offence or offences aforesaid shall be tain any part committed, as shall be limited and appointed by the said justices thereof,

of the peace or chief officers: (5) and for the second offence, to incur the like nr such further punishment by whipping, or be-.ing put in the-flocks, as the said justices of the peace or chief officers shall in their diferation think fit and convenient.

III. And be it likewise enabled by the authority aforesaid, The P"?'*'

That all and every receiver and receivers, buyer and buyers of "*"*'" 7*

J«1, / J.receiver or

any wool or yarn, imbezuled or purloined, contrary to the buyer of in-

meaning of this act, knowing the same to be imbezilled or pur- bezilied yam#

Joined, shall be subject to like punishment as by this act is in-1S1.

Aided or provided to be inflicted upon any such person so im-

j>ezilling or purloining any such wool or yam as aforesaid.

IV. And be it likewise enacted, That all and every (pinner Spinner*

' jjn(j wool in cer-

234 Anno septimo JaCOBI. c§.

[1609.

tai* town* in and (pinners of wool within the county of Effix, that shall re- ceive any wool to be (pun into-yarn' for any clothier or talker of bays, fays or other stuffs aforesaid, dwelling in the town of Jhal, Baeking, Braintree, Halfieei, fPhtam or Colchester, within the said oounty, and shall deliver back again the yarn made of the said wool by any shorter reel than hath been there usual of ancient time, that is to say, the said red containing two yards about, shall be subject to like punishment as by this act is bi-Hidfced or provided to be inflicted upon any person or persons im-beailling and purloining yam as aforesaid.

CAP. VI1L

An act*8 to inlarge an a8 of parliament made in tie second and third year of King Philip and Mary, intituled, An act for the keeping of mikh-lcine, or breeding and rearing of calves.

*&3Pb.&M. WHEREAS in the focendand third yean of King Philip and J* Queen Mary, a profitable ait was mad* for the avoiding rf

the fcardiy of tattle and visual., An act for the keeping

of milch-kine, and for the breeding and rearing of calyes; (2) which alt being then made only to continue to the end of the of parliament, was foundfo ne for the good cftbe,

that after many continuances of it by; it was at

sj Eliz. c. 5. length, in the thirteenth year of the reign of our late Queen Elizabeth

of happy memory, made perpetuol (3) the said act hath not

produced so good effeS as was expelied, in it did and doth extend only to fiub pafiurtgrounds as outre before tin said act,

and wherein no ptrfon qtthe making of the find ait bad common fir.any cattle at any time of theyoar, and not to fiuh pafiurt grounds as

fitbence have been converted from, or taken out of

commons and inclosed, whereas in all equity and, many of the said late inthjtsrts defense no way to be kept and enjoyed with more liberty, than the fiud former and undent inthfures The statute of II Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent ma-dte lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this to present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, ground* Cnee That the said former act, and the pains and penalties therein con- — tained, shall from and after the feast of Saint Michael the archangel now next ensuing, be extended and construed, taken, expounded and adjudged to extend, as folly to all intents, constructions and purposes with the same provisoes, and in like manner, to all and every the grounds apt and meet for milch-kine, since the making of the said act inclosed or hereafter to be inclosed, and not to be laid open to common at any titne of the

Sir, and to the occupiers thereof, as to the grounds before the d act made (event, and wherein none had interest of common at the time of making the said act, and to the occupiers thereof and as if the fold grounds so lately inclosed and hereafter to be inclosed and made several, had been so indofed tad held several at the time of the making of the said act, and as if

so

inclosed or hereafter to he indofed.

609.1. Anno fcpibno jACepl. ©9. 235

no person of-perfbbs, other ehdntbe owners thereof then had inteveft of common therein; any word, fentenoeor ckufe in the said fornaer act to the contrary meny, wise notwithstanding.

CAP. IX.

An act for the "bringing of fresh strea of water by engine from Hackney-Marsh to the city of London, for the benefit <of the King's college at Cheliey.

WHEREAS his Majesty, of his most royal and zealous A college shall ...care for the defence of true religion now established J* at within this realm of England, and for the refuting of errors at^nch tK.11 and berefies repugnant unto the same, bath been graciously be made to pleased by his letters patents under the great seal of convey water

to found a college at Chtftj near London, and therein to placer°m f Jje certain learned divines, and to incorporate the same by the to

name of the provost and fellows of the college of King j maintain die in Chelfey near London, of the foundation of the same fames same.

King of England, and hath of his most gracious bounty and The cause of gooaness not only endowed the same with certain lands, privileges and immunities, but hath also for their further maintenance college m and sustentation, given unto them a capacity and ability toCheliea. receive and take from his Majesty, or any of his loving subjects, The name of any lands, tenements, hereditaments, gifts, benefits, and pro- [j^ncorpora* fits whatsoever, not exceeding in the whole the yearly value of Ability to re-three thousand pounds, as in and by the said letters patents doth ceive land* more at large appear: -not exceeding

II. And whereas also it is manifest and evident, that the|rj*-. bringing in of fresh (beams of running water into the city of{^ — Jr" London, is very convenient, necessary and profitable, as well '

for the private use of such as shall rent the same, as a help for cleansing the said city in the time of sickness, and preferring the same against all hidden adventures of fire:

III. It is therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty and the lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons

in this present parliament assembled, That it shall and may be Tfce, lawful to the said provost and fellows, their successors, deputies and assigns, at all and every such place and places, in the open may dig a fields or marshes lying between the bridge called Lock-bridge, trench out of in or near the parish of Hackney in the county of Middlesex, andhc riv*t of the bridge called Bow-bridge at Stratford- in the parish of a"ttr

Stepney, in the said county (as by the said provost and fellows, ready made, their successors, deputies or assigns, by and with the content and allowance of the occupiers and owners of the foil in the said place or places, (2) and in default of such assent or allowance, by such composition first to be made with the said occupiers and owners of the said foil, as by the of by virtue of this act, to be in this behalf appointed, shall be thought fit and convenient) to dig pr cut from and out of the main river of Lee, on that side or bank of the same river which is next unto the city of London, a ditch or trench not exceeding in breadth ten foot, or to scour, deanfe or enlarge unto the breadth.

2 Anno ftptlBlO JaOOW. C. 9.'^ [1609.

aforesaid, any eld ditch or trench there riieady mtdfc -: (3) and the same ditch or trench either oldor new so to be ntade, Or to be clean fed, to convey by or through the said fldft amFmarfhes in all places convenient, in such fort as the ftrtt (nay again be returned, and made to open hfelf-into the tnaia rivet, within same such convenient distance feom the mouth thereof, as to the said commissioners shall (for the intents and purposes hereafter expressed) bethought (it: (4) upon which ditch or The provost, or places near adjoining the reunto, it (half and may

engines/wa- he lawful to the said provost and fellows, their fiacceflors, ter workj.&c. deputies or assigns, to erect or cause to be erc&ed certain aland houses or gines, water-works or water-wheels, as also hotafos or cover-coverings for ings requisite for the same, where by the assent of the fekf com-ame* missioners the same shall be agreed upon, to be no let or hin-derance to the ordinary passage of barns, boats, or such other vessels upon the said nver of Let., and by and through the said ditch or trench to carry and convey so much of the water of the said main river, as by the said* provost and fellows, -their successors, deputies or assigns, shall be thought requisite and necessary to be used for the working or motions of the' feid engines or water-wheels, and shall also by the said of be thought to be no prejudice or hindentoce to the ordinary passage of barges, boats, or such other vessels upon the same river:

The provost,

IV. And that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said &<c. may dig provost and fellows, their successors, deputies and assigns (in j?r.0P*'"?8 of all places apt and Convenient, within a-convenient distance of ireth^uter the f*d engines or water-works) to dig for the taking and fur-»D<i convey the ther opening of springs of fresh water there found, or to be same by tren- found on the west side of the said river, next unto the city of che* into a London, and the water of the said springs to carry and convey by and through certain little gutters or trenches; or pots or pipes under the ground, into one pit, pond, or head of convenient largeness, to be made by the said provost and fellows, their successors, deputies or assigns, in some place itpt for the same:

V. And that it shall and may be lawful to and for die feid provost and follows, their successors, deputies and assigns, having by art and sleight of engines and water-works, or by any other means or device raised the Water of the said springs, and so much of the water there running in the said ditch or trench, as shall be thought necessary, to such height, and into such place, pond, head or roceit (as to them shall seem in that behalf requisite) to convey and carry the same in dole pipes under ground, from the said water-works, and the said other

!daces of receit, unto the city of London and the suburbs thereof, or the perpetual maintenance and sustentation of the said provost and follows, and their successors; by the rent to be made of the said waters conveyed as aforesaid:

The provost, VI. - And that for the.conveyance of the said water, it (half fee. may dig and may be lawful to and for the fe'd provost and fellows, and open the'- r their

pond.

The provost. See. may convey in pipes tt.ider the ground from the waterworks unto the city and suburbs of London, the Cuqc water.

i6og.]

Anno fep&no Jacobi, c. 9.

*37

their fiacceffm-defntie* and sfigne (m-all-places-convenient pound for

k>n>Mn tlw. fsill. uaaMrjnuirlre «vwl.tk«i oitw.nf 1 nnA*m\ fn liVlDST of

and

between the said -vmter-aforlu and the said city of to*ym8

dig, cut and open the ground to such depth and breadth as making of shall be convenient for the laying in of the -laid-pipes or pots conduit-through which the said- water shall pals, and for.making little head*, conduit-heads for vents unto the same, for the better padage of the said waters: (2) and the fine ground opened for the purpose aforcfekt, (after the said pipes or pots are-laid in and placed)- the said provost and fellows, their facceftbrs, deputies and assigns, shall with turf* earth, gravel, or other materials, again-fiu up and, cover.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The prows*. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said provost andc- fh^.have fellows, their successors, deputies and assigns, from time to

time, and at all times convenient, with their men, horses. carts, or other carriages, to- have free entry and pa flags by, nuking sod over or through any ground or land, in places, and at times continual pre-meet and convenient for the doing and performing of any thing °'

requisite for the making of the said several passages of waters, nock, or for the doing of any other act or thing concerning the same, authorised by this act, as also for the continual preservation and reparation of the said works, as often as need shall require.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, CommUGonere

That the lord chancellor or lord keeper of the peat shall be ap-

En&md for the time being (by commission under Ae peat seal

of England, at the reqUcfts and charge* of the bud provost and of the damage*

fellows, their successors, substimtee end deputies, or upon the Which each

complaints or petition of any person or pemns whom it may ptrfon shall

concern) shall nominate, appoint and authorize, by commit

fion or commissions under the great seal of England, seven dif-or

erect and sufficient persont, whereof two shall be justices of ianc.

peace of the county of MMlefix, and two of the city of London,

and three others at the choice and appointment of the said lord

chancellor or lord keeper, every of the said persons having lands

and tenements of the clear yearly value of forty pounds at the

least: (a) which said seven persons, or any four or more of.

of them shall have power to order and set down what rate or rates, sum or (urns of money shall be paid by the said provost

and fellows (as well for satisfaction and recompeoce of*damages,

in making the fore recited works, or any thing belonging to

the same, as also for any iqanner of damages to be sustained

in the amending, or reparation thereof from time to time, or any other costs or charges sustained by reason of the same) to the

lords owners and occupiers of the ground and foil, or to others

interested in the said river or waters, for which composition is

to boamade by the intent of this act, if the parties cannot of

themselves agree, aAd in what manner the same (halH>e paid: The parties

IX. And that for the recovery of such money as shall be remedy to re-so ordered and set down by the said of, or any cover the rc- four or more of them, the party or parties to whom the said ^ncc money shall be due and payable, by the true intent of the said*4 order, shall or may recover the same, together with th€ rea-

1 sonable

*38 Anno septimo JAcaftr. c.io, (i.

[1669.

finable oofts and damages lor the forbearance thedseas, against the said proroft and fellows, by adbon of debt, bill or-plaint, in any his Majesty's courts at wherein no essoin or

prote&an shall be allowed.

Certain place* x. Provided always, and it is further enacted by dnsipresent ^mbthe psurliament, and1 by the authority of the same, That the said which the inter shall net he conveyed through the -house, garden or water i* not orchard of any person or persons, or through Any pvt thereof, tobecon- or through anyeam-fidds whik the earn is growing'or flaod-

Ttyed' ing an the same, without the content ficftbad Of the owners and

occupiers of the said houses, gardens, orchards, ! sod ooro-fields.

CAP. X.

An act for the reformation of The penalty WHEREAS notwithstanding all

TOtn"tttednge already made, the inordinate and extreme vitt. of excefftvt

agaiiiil the drinking and dputketmefs doth more and mere abound, the great

statute of offtnte of Almighty God* and the wafitful of Gods good

4 Jac. 1, c. 5. creatures: (2) Jbe it enabled by the authority of this present parliament, That if any person being an akhoute-keeper (after six weeks next ensuing this pretent session of parliament) shall be lawfully aonvicted for any offence or offences committed against any of the branches of two former acts of parliament made fithence the beginning of fins present parliament, the one > Jac. t. c. 9. intituled, An act to restraintbt inordinate haunting and tipling in inns, alebaufes and other viftaatiing-houses the other intituled, Jac. 1. c. j. An act agatnjl the odktus and lootIf dm ft n ofdrmktnness; That then

every person or persons foeonvicted, shall for the space of three vears next eofoiag the said conviction, be utterly disabled to keep auy such alehouse.

CAP. X!.

An act to prevent the spoil of corn and grain, by untimtb hawking, and for the baiter preservation and

partridges.,

Jac. i. c. 7. TTT WHEREAS in the first session of this present parliament

was a good law made, other things, for the prefer-

vation of the game of pheasants and partridges, width hath not that good success as was by the same law hoped for and intended, through dtfotderfy and unfeaftname hawking, whereby great quantity of tom and grain hath been and is not only uncharitably and defrayed, but great numbers ofpbeafants and partridges thereby killed and spoiled, before they he either fit to be hawked at, or to be for food or diet:

II. For the preventing of both which incotrveniencies and mischiefs, be it enacted by the authority of this prefenWparliament. That all and every person or penons whatsoever, which at any time after the end of this praent session of parliament doth or shall hawk at, destroy or kill any pheasant or pheasants, dartridge of partridges, with any kind of hawk or hawks, dog or dogs, by colour of hawking, between the first of July

1609] Anoofq9CiaiojAaofti4C.il. 239

rad the left day of August, and the fans offence or offences The penalty being proved by the confession of the party, or by theteftitnooy for of of two Sufficient witnesses open oath, before two or more ju- ^partridge Slices of the peace of the fiud county, dty or town, corporate between tfic wherein die offence shall be committed, or the party offending first dajr of apprehended. shall be by the Jiud justices of the pace, for every thefl

such offence, committed to the common gad of the fidd county, '* uguK* city or town corporate, where die offence dull be committed, or the parties apprehended; (2) them to remain for one whole month without bail or mainprise, unless that the Said offender do or Shad forthwith upon the Said coavi&ian pay, or cause to be paid, to the church wardens of the said panih, or unto die overseers of the poor, or some of them, where the Siud ofo fence shall be committed, 'or the patty apprehended, to the use of the poor of the same parish, the sum or forty lhiliingrfor every such hawking at any pheasant or partridge, and twenty Shillings for every Such pheaUnt or partridge which any and every foot person and perfects So offending and convicted (as aforesaid) by himsets, his hawk or hawks, dog or dogs, shall take kid or destroy, contrary to the true purport, intent and meaning of this present Statute.'

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority He that ii pu-^foresaid, That if ally person or persons shall be at any daw ">Shed by this hereafter oonwded and punished by virtue of this law. That excused for then the party so punished shall not for the Same offence be eft- other, loons called in questieft, and punished by virtue of any other

law touching or concerning the like offences.

IV. Provided also, That no offenders shall be impeached within what or ptnuShed by virtue of this act, unless he or they be accused dme an of-as delinquent, before the Said juflicee of peace, within six months next after the said offence or offences committed or done.

V. And whereas by proviso in the find contained, it is

provided, That it shall and may be lawful to and far every ptrfoet

and persons which have or shall havefree wand to and for every

lord of a manor, and to every freeholder which is or be seised

in his awn right, or- in the right of his w, of tenements or hereditaments: , to the clear yearly value tf ten pounds or mare by the year, over and above all charges and rof fomeejlate of in- ,

heritance j (2) or of lands, tenements or hereditaments, in own right, or in the right of his wife, for term of Use or lives, of the yearly value tf thirty pounds over and above ail charges and;

(3) or beer which shall be worth in goods or chattels two pounds j (4) by him or themselves, or by his or their menialfervmts (sufficiently authorized from his or their for that purpefe) to

take pheasants and partridges (in the day-time only) with nets, in and upon his and their own, or his or their wafers free warren, ., manor and freehold, or on any part tf them, betwixt the feqft of St. Michael the archangel, and the feast of the birth of our Lord Cod yearly; any thing in the fad law to the contrary notwithstanding: (5) by colour of which liberty so given by the said previjo, it is foundry experience, that the said games of pheasants and partridges

have

2

A repeal of a branch of the statute of 1 lac. t. c. 17. allowing certain persons to take phea-fcnts and partridges.

Who may take phea-iants and partridges, where and when.

The penalty for taking any pheasants or partridges with letting-dogs, nets, or, &c.

Anno septimo Jacobi, c.h.

[1609.

have been a mdfill are likely tobe math Jfieikd by maty

man tenants md freeholders, agaknfithe tf the lords or turners

of inberitantt ef ibeJmdlands tad tenements:

VI. Bo it thapfore- ena&sd by the authority aforesaid, That the &id provHoy and every chase; artiflU and thing therein contained, toil hr font the end of this present. feman of parliament, vtterfy.'jrepeakd, frustrate and made void % any thins in the find proviso contained to the contrary ootwithianding.

VII. And that it (hah and may be lawful for every person or persons which have or toll have foe warren, and to and for every lord of a manor, and to and for every freeholder which. i» or toll be seised in his own right, or in the right of his wife, of lands tenements and hereditaments, to the clear yoarly. value of forty pounds or more, by the year, over and above all charges and reprises, of some estate of inheritance; (a) or of lands, tenements and hereditaments in his-own right, or in the right of his wife, for term of.life or lives, of the yearly value of fburicore pounds over and above all charges and reprises; ( 3) or which shall be worth in goods or chattels four hundred pounds; (4). by him or themselves, or by his or their menial and houshold servants (sufficiently authorized from.his or theiE matter for that purpose) to take pheasants and partridges (in the day time only) in and upon his and their own, or his tod their matter's free warren, manor and freehold as aforesaid. or on any part of tom, betwixt the tea ft of St. Aditbatl the archangel and the birth of our Lord God yearly; any thing in the said law before mentioned to to-contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas the said games of phtafants and partridges

are excessively speilodand defrayed by tf bad and mean

condition, making a trade and living of the fpolling'and of

tbt said games, who art not of JuJpoenty to pay any penalty in any formerfatute mentioned, nor to anfiwer the tofls and thargts of any that Jhtuld inform and prefecute against them in any of his

courts: (a) by reajbn whereofy and for that the find offenders are hardly dtfcovered, and feldtm or never found offending in the presence

tf divers wiintfftSyfothat it is very bard to them by the testi-

mony tf mart witnesses than one, by reafm that they spoil and the fatdgames feeretiy, and for the moji part in the night-timey and

do carry futh pheafantsana partridges as they so destroy, likewift

by night, to cities and market-towns to be sold: (3) be it therefore further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person or persons which from and after the first day of September next, shall take, kill os destroy any pheasant or partridge with setting-dogs and nets, or otherwise with any manner of nets, tores or engines, and the same offence or offences being proved by the canrcfikm of the party, or by the testimony of one sufficient witness upon oath, before two or more justices of the peace of the same county, city or town corporate, wherein the offence toll be committed, or the party offending apprehended, dull be by the said justices of peace, for every such offence,

Anno septimo Jacobi; c.-isu*241

committed to the common gaol of the said county* city or town.corporate, where the offence shall be committed, or the party apprehended, (4) there to remain for three, months without'ball or minpriie, unless that the said offender shall forthwith., pay dr cause to be paid to the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of the said parish where the said. offence shall he committed, the sum of twenty., shilling for every pbeafanfc or par- ] tridge, which axiy and every such perfctn or perbns so, offepding^shall take, kill or destroy as aforesaid, contrajy to thd purport /and. true meaning of this statute; , (5) and further to1 became bound by recognizance in the sum of twenty pounds tp hfo Majesty, his heirs and successors, with condition that he the said party so offending shall not at any time thereafter take, kill, or destroy any pheafantor partridge 3 which said recognizance shall be taken by anyone or more justices of peace of the said county, city or town corporate, where the said offence shall be committed as aforesaid, and shall jbe returned to the then>|fcext quarter-sessions, and there to remain of record as other recognizances taken for the peace.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every constable and Officer* m*y headborough in every county, city, town corporate^ and other ^arhth p)ace where they, shall be sworn officers, shall and may, by r^Vfufpeatd virtue of this present act, (bringing with thetp to that purbole to ofield«

a lawful warrant under the hands of two justices of the peace of the county, city, liberties.or town corporate) have full power, and authorhy to enter into and search the house orhouses of any person or persons (other than such. as by this present ail are allowed to take pheasants and partridges with nets as aforesaid). being suspected tef have any letting-dogs or pets for the taking of pheasants. and partridges; (2) and wheresoever they shall find any such letting-dogs or nets, the same to take, carry away and detain, kill, destroy and cut in pieces, as things prohibited by this act, and forfeited to such of the said officers as shall find out and take the same as aforesaid.

X. This law to continue unto the end of the first session of Confiosaac# the next parliament, and no longer. 3 Car. 1. c. 4. Continued of this act. until the end of the first session of the next parliament, and farther continued by 16 Car. i.c. 4.

CAP. XII.

An act to avoid the double payment of debts.

WHEREAS divers men of trades, and bandicraftfmtn keeping in what case Shop-books, do demand debts of their customers upon their a tradesman's /hop-bookj long time after the same hath been'due, and when as they have supposed the particulars and certainty Of the wares delivered to c^dene^to be forgotten, then either they themselves or their servants have in- recover a debt. ferted into their said Jbop-books clivers other wares supposed to be delivered to the same partiesor to their use, which in truth never were delivered, and this of purpose to increase by such undue means the said debt: fa) and whereas diver# of the said tradesmen and hands-craftsmen, having received all the just debt due.upon their said fact- 3g Ed. 3. ft. 1.

V ol. VII, R looks, c. 1*.

24z

s-Saik. 690.

cha&U.

Anno septimo JACofll. c.i^i [1601.

tools, Jo oftentimes leave the same bools or any Way fif-

charged, foas the debtors, their executors or aiminiftraiors, are often by Juit of tavJ enforced to pay the same debts again do the party that trujled the find waresor to his executors oradmMstrators, sttilefs he or thfy tan p rodsue fufrcieni proof by writ trig or of the fold payment, that may countervailthe credit of the

looks, which few or rtone tan any tong time after the find payment: (3) be ir therefore enacted by the authority of this present parliament, That no tradesman or hstadkntftfaiM keeping-(hop-book.as is aforesaid. his or their executors dr admininra* tors, shall after the feast of St. Michael the archangel next coming, be allowed, admitted or received to give his (hop* book in evidence in any action for any money due for Wares hereafter to be delivered, or for Work hereafter to be dohe, above ohe year before the same action brought, except lie of they, their executors or adtnirtrftratort, shall have obtained of gotten a bill of debt or obligation of the debtor for the said debt, or shaft have brought or pursued against the fefd debtor, his executors or administrators, same action for the said debt, wares or Work done, within one year next after the same wares delivered, money dne for wares delivered, or work done. Jtatcreoutfeof II. Provided; always. That this act, or act, thing therein tratEck be. contained, shall not extend to any intercourse of trafsick, mer-tweenmer- chandizing, buying, felling, or other trading or dealing for wares delivered or to be delivered, money due, or work done or to be done, between merchant and merchant, merchant and tradesman, or between tradesman and trddeftnan, for anything directly felling within the circuit or compass of their mutual trades and merchandise, but that for such things? only, they and every of them shall be in case as if this act had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof not* withstanding.

III. This act to continue to the end of the first session of the next parliament and no longer. 3 Car. 1. c. 4. Continued until the end of the first session of the next and farther continued

by 16 Car. 1. c. 4.

CAP. XIII.

An act for the explanation of a statvtt made in the session of this present parAn act against

unlawful hunting and Heating of deer and conies.

The forfeiture 'WHEREAS queflionand doubt hath grown and rifenupon for hunting W the expofttion of a ft a tute made in the secondfission of this or killing of present parliament, intituled An act against unlawful hunting

eennapar, ancj flcajing of jecr and conies, for that in the body of the fold att I Jac. 1. c. ij. all unlawful hunting, driving out, or taking, hilling or flay-

ing any deer or conies within any the parts, places cr grounds in the findflatutementioned, against the mind or pleasure of the owners,

occupiers or possessiouers of the same (as well by day as by night fl is pro- tibited and made penal, its fl manner and formas in and by the

/aid

Continuance of thit aft. j Mr. c.

1609.] Anno feptfmo Jacobi, c. 13. 24 j

said statute it doth and may more plainly Appear; and yet by aprovish in tae said statute contained, it is enabled, 7bat the j'said act, nor any thing herein contained, should extend to any offence or offences concerning the hunting. chafing or killing of deer or conies, which should be done or committed in the day-time, but only to fitch offences as should be then after done or committed in the night-time only > any thing in the said act contained to the contrary notwithstanding:

lh for the explanation of which doubt and queilion, and for that it is.found by experience, that malefactors of that kind have been much encouraged to cfiafe, hunt, kill and destroy deer in the day-time by colour of the said proviso, whereby many deer, as well in the parks '

of our sovereign lord the King, as of many his Highness loving fiubz jests? have been add are fill like to be unlawfully and riotously chafed, hunted and destroyed by many idle, loose and disorderly persons: (2) a repeal of To be it therefore enabled by the authority of this present parlia- much of a pro-irient. That from and after the feast of St. fames the apostle yifo contained next ensuing, so much of the said proviso in the said statute contained, as concerntth the hunting, chafing out or killing c. , 3; as con-of deer only, shall be repealed, frustrated and made void; any cemeth the thing in the said proviso of the said act contained to the con- hunting of trary, thereof in any wise notwithstanding. 'dccr*

III. And whereas it was by the said former statute, amongst other things, enabled. That if any person or persons did or should turong-fully or unlawfully hunt, chafe or drive out, or take, kill or flay any deer within any park or other place in the said statute mentioned* against the will, mind or pleasure of the owners, occupiers or pof- ,

Jessioners of the same, that then every such person so ofiending should satisfy and pay unto the party grieved his treble damages, in such manner and form as in the said statute is mentioned: (2) by reason of the uncertainty whereof, few or no offenders have been di/c our aged tn their said huntings, drivings, chafings out, taking, killing or*flay- ing of deer:

Iv. For remedy whereof, be it further by the authority of this present parliament enacted, That if any person or persons from and after the feast of St. James the apostle next coming after the end of this present session of parliament, shall willingly commit any the offences in the said statute mentioned, concerning the unlawful chafing out, hunting, driving, taking, killing or flaying of deer in any park or inclosed ground, which now is or hereafter shall be made or used for deer, against the will, mind or pleasure of the owners, occupiers, possessioners, or keepers of the same; That then all and every such person and persons so offending shall for every such offence pay and satisry unto the party grieved the sum.ot ten pounds of current money of England, or else treble damages and costs, at the election of the party grieved; (2) the same to be recovered in such manner and form as in and by the said statute is limited and appointed for the recovery, taxings or assessing of the said treble uamages; any thing in the said statute or in this present act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. This law to continue unto the end of the first session of Continuance the next parliament. 3 Car. 1. r. 4. Continued unto the end of°i thuact.


a*4 Anno feptJmo Jacobi. c.i4> [1609.

thefirfi fission of the next, and farther by

\is Car. i'« (

CAP. XIV.

An act for reviving of part of a former act made in the fourth year of King Edward the Fourth, 5That no firanger or alien shall buy English barns unwrought \ and that the wardens of the hcrners of the city of London /or the time being, should have power to search all manner of wares > appertaining to their my fiery in Londons, and twenty-four

miles on every side of it.

IN all humble manner Jbewn and btfeetben your most excellent Majesty, the wardens ami men of occupation of homers of the city of London; "That whereas in the parliament holden at Westminster,

4 Ed. 4* c. S. in the fourth year of the reign of King Edward the Fourth, grievous complaint was made by men of toe occupation of homers, being infran-chtjed in the city of London, how that the people of firange lands hath come into this land, and into divers parts thereof and hath bought by the hands of their hosts and guides the great and chief fluff of English boms unwrought, of tanners and butchers, and carry the same over the fai and there employ the same in divers works, to the great damage of this laftd, and to the final prejudice of a great number of men being of the occupation of homers;

No Granger II. It pleased the Kings mayfly, by the advice and affentof the JaII b"y any lords spiritual and temporal in that parliament affctnbled, and at the

unwroughtln of th'1 anij? £ / thJ f.

Londonjor parliament, to ordain, eflabhjb and enact, That from the feast of

within twenty- Easter, which then jhoiud be in the year of our Lord God one thousand four miles four hundredflxty-five, That no firanger nor alien, by himself or by

thereof any fi>ct, M buy any English horns unwrought of any tanners,

butchers, or of any other persons, gathered or growing within the

find city, or four and twenty miles on every side of the said city

next adjoining: (2) and that no Englishmen, nor other person,

should fell any English horns unwrought to any strangers, or cauft

them to be Jent over the fta, so that the find homers would buy the said horns at like price as they were at the time of the making of the said act, upon pain of forfeiture of all such horns so bought, fold or

The wardens sent: (3) and that the wardens of the said myfiery for the time being,

of homers ty fa fQ\d authority, shall have full power to search all manner of

re pertaining to their my, to

ware. till places within the said city of London, and four and twenty miles

on every side next adjoining to the same city, and within the fairs

of Sturbridge and Ely, in whose hands they might be found: (4}

and if they by their searchfind any such ware or fluff in any place within the said city of London and four and twenty miles next adjoining to

the same city, or within the fairs of Sturbridge and Ely, in whoft

bands soever they be to fell, that was defective and insufficient, it fbouli

be lawful to them to take the same ware and fluff, and bring & before

the mayor of the said city of London, the mayors or bailiffs of the aforesaid fairs for the time \ (5) and the same there being proved de-

feffivt1

*45

I&9 J

Anno septimo Jacobi. c. 14;

feltwe, to be forfeit, the one half thereof to our sovereign lord the King, and th other half to the fetid wardens, to be ordered at their pleasure: (6) In which said act it is provided, That after that After English-men of the said occupation within this land have taken out and chosen ^horn*Ch°" fitch and as many boms as should be needful to their occupation, that (Supers may then tt should be lawful to them ally and to every of them, and other buy the refi-perfms of this realm of England, to fell and^ deliver all the1 horns due, refused, which be not able to be occupied in their nwftery, to anyflran-ger or other persony to fend or carry beyond the sea, or elsewhere, as shouldpkafe them: (7) The which alt in the parliament holden at 1 J*c. ive, 25. Westminster in the first year of your Highttefs reign, was wholly repealed and made void:

III. Forasmuch as since the repealing of the said act, strangers^p co"-and aliens by the hands of divers of their faiters, servants and dealers do

for them, have and do (as before the making of the said statute of t>Uy fnglifo Edward the Fourth they did, that is) daily buy up and procure unto horn* un-themselves the great, and chief fluffof English horns unwrought, wrought. of tanners and buteberty and otherwise, and do daily convey and carry them beyond the feasy and there make them into divers works9 whereby many hou/bolders of your Majestfs subjects, that lived and maintained their families> and paid fuhtidies and other duties to your Highnefey by the benefit of their labour in working the said hornsy having no other trade or means by labour to maintain and keep them-felvesy their wives and children, the company being greatly thereased, and the fluff altogether in a manner transported, occasioned flub a deer ease of the ware, as hereby the company is grown so poor and dir rayed, as in Short time, if remedy be not provided, they and theirs shall be utterly undone: (2) And also by the repealing of the said all, Part of the fta, the wardens of the Jaicf homers of the said city of London are dif- rute of 4 Ed. abled to search the wares belonging to their said craft, as well within 4-c* 8- «viv* the said city, as in other places in the said act mentioned, and have ^, r^uchul^ lofl their government in their company: (3) Therefore pleaseth it your Highness, Th*t it may be enacted by your most excellent Majesty, the lords spirityal and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the faijd aft, and every part and point, thereof,

(except power of search within the fairs of Stourbridge and Efy7 and except the limitation of fijeh prices for horns as they were to be had for at the making of the said act) shall be revived, and be of like force, power and virtue from henceforth, as if the same had not been repealed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, None shall fel| That no person or persons whatsoever shall fell any English horns Engttih horn* unwrought to any stranger, or fend any English horns un wrought unwrought to over the sea, contrary to the true meaning of the said act \ (2) a stran8cr* upon pain of forfeiture of double the value of the horns so by him or them so fold or sent 5 the same forfeiture to be recovered by him or them that will sue for the same by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of the King's majesty's courts of record; the one moiety thereof to be to the King's jnajeftft his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him

R 3 QX

24$ Anno septimo Jacosi. 0.15* 1 [1609.

<?r -them that will sue for the same; in yrhich fwit no protection, privilege or wager or law to be admitted for the defendant. '

CAP. XV.

An act concerning Some planner of argument of debts to his Majesty.

What debts only may be assigned to the King.

Kob. 253.

WHEREAS it is concerned that same manner of alignments of debts, if they shall be made to his Majesty, his heirs and

fucuffors, the same would be inconvenient: His Majesty therefore is well pleased that it be enacted, (2) and be it enacted by authority of this present parliament. That no debt shall at any time after the nrft day of July, which shall be in the year of our Lord God one thousand six hundred and ten, be assigned to the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, by or from any debtor or accountant to his Majesty, his heirs- or successors, other than such debts as did before grow due originally to the King's debtor or accountant bona; (3) and that all grants and assignments of debts to the King's majesty, his heirs or successors, which from and after the said first day of July shall be had or made contrary to the true intent of this act, shall be void and of no force; any law, custom, privilege or thing to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XVI.

An act for the encouragement of marry poor people in Cumberland and Westmorland, and in the towns and rifbes </Carptmell, Oxhead and Broughton the county of Lancaster, to continue a trade of making

kendals, carptmeals and coarse cottons.

Certain coarse T WHEREAS by a statute made in the ninth year of the late

clothi made in \\ King Henry the Fourth, it was enacted, That no cloth called whichfljall kendals (whereof the dozen faffect, not fix and eight-pence)

not be search should be sealed with the King's por to be

ed or sealed, paid for the same: (2) And that the owners might freely fell the said norcustomnor (]clhs not sealed, without forfeiting any thing to the King for the for themf*1 fume, notwithstanding anystatute or ordinance made to the contrary: The effect of (3) Sithence the making of which statute the said kendals, and other the statute of coarse things of like nature, and made of the like coarse wool, and9H. 4. c. a. differing in name only, calied, cogware, coarse cottons and carptmeals, have been mads in such fort as the parties which made the same were able, and as best might please the buyer, without being limited to any certain weight, or to any assize of length or breadth, and were never searched nor sealed with any seal, nor subject to any penalty for the not sealing thereof with any seal, nor any subsidy nor aulnage paid

for the same, until of late that certain evil-disposed persons, contrary to the true meaning of the said law, have by colour of a tute made in the nine and thirtieth year of the reign of 39 Eiiz. c. to Elizabeth, intituled, An act against the deceitful stretching and

tentering

|6qo.] Amo fcptimp jApp&i. c. 17, 18.

t*nte*ing of northern filotf», m&uwurfd capture,

fynMs, taeftmeah asfd coarse Uttm»Mjtft tqftqrcb, and hqvt de-

manded far the same divers several films of money for the seal of the cfHftfor of fbe jvjf/fdy and attlnage, to the great vexation and trouble

ft. Bp it therefore eroded by the King's most excellent ma- Certain coarse jesty, with the content of the lords spiritual and temporal, and north the fiommoro, in this present parliament assembled, That from part % wh; c(l henceforth all cogware, kendals, coarse cottons and carptmeals mail not be which are, or hereafter shall be made within the said counties searched nor of Cumberland and ffyimorl, end, or within the said towns and fealetL parishe* of Carptmeale , fiawkejbtd and Broughton in the said'county of Lamaster, whereof the dozen shall not exceed the

rate and price of thirteen (hil)ings and four-pence, shall be made in foph fort as may bed please the buwr, and shall not be searched nor feefed with any of the King's seals, nor with any pthpr (cal, nor any subsidy or aulroge, great or little, paid for the same; (a) But that the owners of such cogwares, kendals, coarse cottons and carptmeals, may freely (ell the same not seal-#d, as they have been eepuftomed, without forfeiting any thing to the King for the fame> any law or statute, or any branch or clause of any law or datum heretofore made to the contrary PQtwithdanding,

*.CAP. XVII.

There Audi be no burning of ling, heath, fifr, in certain counties in summer. EXP.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for the taking* landing and carrying of sea-find for the bettering of ground* and for the increase of corn and tillage within the counties of Devon and Cornwall.

WHEREAS the sea-sand* by long trial and experience* bath AJlperfbns been found to be very profitable for the bettering of land* and within Devon specially for the increase of corn and tillage within the counties of*Cornwall Devon and Cornwall, where the mofi part of the inhabitants have JPjJJ not commonly used any other worth* for the bettering of their arable manuring of grounds and pastures: notwithstanding divers having lands adjoining their land. to the sea-coajts there* have of late interrupted the bargemen* and such Sea-sand is others as have used at their free wills andpleafures to fetch the said sea- S!?1 /and* to take the same under the full sea-mark* as they have hereto- land.

fore used to do* unless they make composition with them at such rates " J

as they themselves set down* though they have very small or no damage or loys thereby* to the great decay and hinderance of husbandry and tillage within the said counties: (2) be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, the lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all persons whatsoever, refiant and dwelling within the said counties of Devon and Cornwall, to fetch and take sea-sand at all places under the full sea-mark, where the same is

R 4 or

Anno septimo Jacobi. c. 19, 20. [1609.

or shall be cast by the sea, for the bettering of their land, and for the increase of corn and tillage, at their wills and pleasures.

B 11. And that it shall and may be also lawful to and for all

fetch ££3. bargemen and boatmen, and all other carriers of sea-sand of the and cast it out raid counties, that (half fetch or take sand as aforesaid, to land of their boats and cast out of their boats and barges such sand as they shall where ithath f0 fetch or at such pjaccs as sand hath at any time within branded, and space of fifty years last past been used by such bargemen and carry the same boattnen to be landed and cast, and also to fetch 'and carry the through uftial same by and through such ways as now be, and by the space of ways.'twenty years last past have been, used for the carrying and fetching thereof, paying for the taking, calling out and landing of every barge-load, boat-load or sack of the said sand, upon the grounds of any man, such duties as heretofore within the said, time of fifty years have been used and accustomed to be paid for the same, and for passage by and through the said ways, such duties as have usually been paid by the said space of twenty years, and in such manner and form as the same within the said several times have respectively been used and accustomed to be paid: (2) And in such places where certain usual duties have not been paid, but uncertain compositions have from time to time been made by agreement with the owners of the foil there, to yield such reasonable compositions as by agreement with the said owners shall from time to time be. made*

The continu- HI. This act to continue until the end of the nrft session

aft*0*ttus the next parliament. 3 Cor. i. c. 4. Continued unto the end

of the first session of the next parliament, and farther continued by 16 Cat. 1, c: 4.

CAP. XIX.

An act for the continuance and reparation of a new-built wear? upon the

'ibaattis not i $jver of Exe, near unto the city of Exeter. The new weare bull be

pnpcroU. Maintained, and tecompfenct shall be made to losers thereby.

CAP. XX.

An act for the speedy recovery of many thousand acres of raarsh ground, and other ground within the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, lately surrounded by the rage of the sea in divers parts of the said counties, and for the prevention of the danger of the like forrounding hereafter. Whereas the sea hath broken into {he pounty of Norfolk, and hath surrounded much hard grounds^ besides the greatest part of the marihes and low grounds within the towns and parishes hereafter mentioned, 1 that is to say, the towns and parishes of Waktonesham, Passing, Eccles, Hempsted, Ingham, Hickling, Hqrfey, potfer, Higham, Catfield, Lud-ham, Wintertop, East-Somerton^ West-Somerton, Martham, Baltwicke, Repps, Thurne, Oby, Clippelby, Bilockby, Wood, Baftickhoming, Ranworth, South-Waifhapri, Upton, Fishley, Acte, CaftorSt. Edmund*, Castor-Malthey, Rifaham, Hertingby-Borough, Stocklby, Buxton, Horstead, Wroxham, Shllowes, ton, Below, Coltfel, Hobbins, Lammas, Neti(bead, Barton, Sutton, Stalham, Tunftel, Halvergate, Wick* hampton, Thorpe, Redham, Limpenhow, Cantley, Haflingham, Buck-enham Ferry, Struipfel, Brundel, Poftwick TlK>rpe juxta Norwich, Turlton, Norton, Hardley, Langley, Carleton, Claxton. Rockland, Surlingham, Brameyton, Wicklingham, Trowfe, Carrow, Haddestow, ^Vhheacre Borough, Whiteacre. Abbey, Gellingham, in the said coun. ty of Norfolk; ' Arid Gbrlefton, Gaptori, Bratswell, Borough-Castle,

' Beikleste,

*49

1609.] Anno no septimo Jacobi, 0.21- 24.

Berkleste, Basham, Worlingham, Belton, Fretton, St. Toolies, alias St. Olives, Herringfleet, Some rley-Town, Shepton, Owlton, Kirkley and Barkley, in the said county of Suffolk: For remedy of so great calamity, it is enacted, That the lord chancellor shall from time to time award commissions under the great seal to the lord bishop of Norwich, and to any eleven pr more jufktces of the peace of Norfolk, and fix or more jultsces of the peace of Suffolk, after such tenor as hereafter followeth, that is to say j — }

REX &c.Jbwatdo inQhrijlt PatriA.ffctpo The form of

nec non A.B. C. D.falutem. SCIATIS, quod assignavimus the commit w id quofiibetfexyfrue plures vefirumy ad omnia <d ftngula fitper- fion. videnday perluftranday mandanda, facienda, personnanddy exequenda .&peragenda9 in qufdam aciu in pafliawento Domini JACOBI,

Dei Gratia, Regis Anglia y faV. nono die Februarii anno Rfgm fui "Anglia % Francta id Hibernia septimo, far Scotia auadragesimo tertioy per diyerfas prorogations apud Wesimonafterium tentOy editOy intitu-latOy An act for the speedy recovery of many thousand acres of marlh-grounds, and other grounds within the counties of Norfolk and Sttjfolky lately surrounded by the iea in divers parts of the said counties, and for the prevention of the danger of like surrounding hereafter, specificata secundum tenorem, vimy for-manty effetlum id veram intentionfm ejufdtm (Ulus: In cujus rei tejti-moniumy idc. Tejley idc.

The of to enquire by whose default the overflowings happened, and who ought to repair them. To tax the persons and lands chargeable. The of may authorize others to levy the money assessed. Ijnprifopment for default of distress. If the lessee of the land charged do pay the sum taxed, he may abate of the rent. The of may make orders for the preservation of the grounds, and amend the same. The of may assess the King's farmers of any lands to be contributor. The of decrees mail bind the King and all other persons lands. In what case the of may fell orlet to farm the land of the party taxed. The sheriffs of Norfolk and Suffolk shall return juries before the of All sheriffs and officers drill attend and aid the of — To continue [evenyears next enflung the end of this fejfiotiy and from thence to the end of the first session rf the then next parliament. 3 Car. 1. c. 4. Continued until the end of the next session of farhament, and farther continued by x6 Car x. r. 4.

CAP. XXI.

An act for confirmation of decrees hereafter to be made in the exchequer-chamber, and duchy-court, concerning copyhold lands and tenements. --Certai n of the King's copyholders estates shall be confirm-

ed by decree. Decrees made concerning the King's copyhold tenants.confirmed by parliament. A favipg of the rights and attions of others.

CAP. XXII.

A confirmation of a subsidy granted by the clergy to the King. EXP.

CAP. XXIII.

One subsidy and one fifteen granted to the King by the temporalty. EXP,

CAP. XXIV.

A confirmation of the King's general and free pardon, except,

EXP.

Anno

V

£59 [Anno vicesiipp piimo Jacq?i, e.

[161$.

Anno decima a Jacobi Regis.

CAP. r.

Three intire Ajbfidi« granted by the spiritnaltjr. EXP.

CAP. II.

Tpo i^6tt fubfidje* granted by the temporaky. EXP.

Anno Regni Jacobi Regis Anglia, Scotia, -cia & Hibernia, viz. Anglia, Francia & Hi- h(rni<$ vicesimo prim, Scotia Jbptima.

AT the parliament begun and at Westminster the nineteenth day of February in twentieth year of the reign of our mop gracious sovereign lord James, by the grace of God, of England, France Ireland, King, defender

of the faith. Scc. and of Scotland the seven and fiftieth: Anp there continued tfJttfl the nine and twentieth day of May following And then prorogued until the second day of November one thousand six hundred twenty-four; To (be high pkqfure of Almighty God, and to the weal publick of this ftahn, were enabled as so

CAP. I.

fin all for the reviving and making perpetual of one. act made in the nine and thirtieth year of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act for eredtfng of hospitals, and abiding and working houses for the poor.

The Statute of W WHEREAS in the parliament held in the nine and thirtieth 39 Eli*, c. j. year of the reign of the late Queen Elizabeth of happy me-madepcrpetu. npryi a g0t£ say was made, intituled, An act for erecting of hof-pitals, or abiding and working houses for the poor i but power, licence and, authority given by the said

and establish such houses and as are therein mentioned,

was confined to the Jpace of twenty years then next ensiting, which said time is now expired:

II. Be it therefore enacted by the authority of this present parliament. That the said act and all things therein contained, shall from henceforth be revived and made perpetual, to have continuance for ever.

The erection

III. And be it also enacted, That all hospitals Maisons it

Ac^fine^'the ^' Dieu, and abiding-places for poor, lame, maimed and impo-

ex pi ration of tent people, or for houses of correction, at any time since the 39 Eliz. c. 5. said twenty years expired erested, founded or made, or at any confirmed. time

*5i

*6*3-3 Anno yice&tio prinjQ Jagqbi. c.*.7

time hfirpftfir to be erested, founded or made, according to the purport of the feW ihtute, shall be incorporated, and have perpetual friccqS^on and capacity, to have, take and cryoy all other privileges, bepejtfs and immunities* to all intents and purports, according to the provisions, tenqr, purport and true meaning of the said act, as if the same had been made, founded or endowed within the space of twenty ye^rs next ensuing the said statute. 43 Eliz. r. 4.

CAP. II.

dn 48 for the general quiet of the fuijeBs against all on-(MWf wctalmetf vjhtfjgfm.'

HE King* most excellent Majesty, of his blessed and Concealed gracious disposition, and abundant grace, desiring that h^s lands shall not loving fobjects, and their heirs and successors, may quietly have be recovered, and hold all and Singular manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, which they, their ancestors or predecessors, or any the King had other by, from or under whom they claim, have of lone time title unto enjoyed, is graciously pleased that it be enacted; (2) andhem within be it enacted by the feints most excellent majesty, by and with b^ore^S the assent and content of the lords Spiritual and temporal, ahjl parliament, the commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the 3 Info iSS. authority of the same, That the King-s majesty, his heirs and successors, Shali not at any time hereafter foe, impeach^ question or implead any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, for or in any wise concerning any manors, lands, tenements, rents, tithes or hereditaments, other than liberties and franchises, or for or in any wise concerning the revenues, iSlues or profits thereof, or make any title, claim, challenge or deman d, of, in or to the same^ or any of them, by reason, of any right or title accrued and grown threescore years past and more, an^ now in effe, unless his Majesty or some of his progenitors, predecessors or ancestors, or Some other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, under whom his Majesty any thing hath or lawfully claimeth, have been answered by force and virtue of any such right or title to the same, the rents, revenues, issues or profits thereof, within threescore years next before the beginning of this present session of parliament, or that the same have been duly in charge to his Majesty, or the late Queen Elizabeth, or have flood insuper of record within the said space of threescore years: (3) And that every person or persons, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs and successors, and all claiming by, from or under them or any of them, for and according to their and every of their several estates and interests, which they have or claim to have in the same respectively, shall hereafter quietly and freely have, hold and enjoy, against his Majesty, his heirs and successors, claiming by any title accrued or grown threescore years past or above, and now in effe, all and Singular manors, lands, tenements, rents, tithes and hereditaments whatsoever, except liberties and franchises, which he or they,

or

25. Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi. c.*.' [1623.

4ir hb or their, or any of their aoceftors or predecessors, or those from, by or under whom they claim, have held or enjoyed, or taken the rents, revenues, issues or profits thereof, by the space of threescore years next before the beginning of this present session of parliament, unless his Majesty, or iome of his pro* genitors, predecessors or ancestors, or same other person or nersons, bodies pojitick or corporate, by, from or under whom his Majesty any thing hath or lawfully claimeth in the said manors, lands, tenements, rents, tithes or hereditaments, by force of any right or title, have been answered by virtue of any such right or title, the rents, revenues, issues or other profits thereof, within threescore years next before the beginning of this present session of parliament, or that the same have been duly in /charge, or flood ittfuptr of record as aforesaid, within the said space of threescore years: (4) And furthermore, that every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs and successors, and all claiming by, from or under them, or any of them, for and according to their and every of their several estates and interests which they have or claim respectively, shall quietly and freely have, hold and enjoy all such manors, lands, tenements, rente, tithes and hereditaments, except liberties and franchises, as they now have, claim or enjoy, (whereof his Majesty, his progenitors, predecessors or ancestors, or he or they, by, from or under whom his Majesty any thing hath or lawfully claimeth, or some of them, by force of some right or tide to the same, have not been answered by virr tue of such right or title, the rents, revenues^ issues or profit? thereof, within threescore years next before the beginning of this present session of parliament:,) Nor the same have been duly in charge, or flood insuper of record as aforesaid, within the said space of threescore years, against all and every person and performs, their heirs and assigns, having, claiming pr pretending to have any estate, right, title, inforest, claim or demand whatr soever, of, in or to the same, by force or colour of any letters

Satents or grants upon suggestion of concealment, or wrongful etaining, or not being in charge, or defective titled, or by, from or under any patentees or grantees, or any letters patents or grants upon suggestion of concealment, or wrongful detaining, or not being in charge, or defective titles, of or for which said manors, lands, tenements, rents, tithes and hereditaments, or any of them, no verdict, judgment, decree, judicial order upon hearing, or sentence now Handing in force, hath been had or given in any altion, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majestys courts at Westminster, for or in the name of the King's majesty, or of the late Queen Eliza-bethy or for any of the said patentees or grantees, or for their or any of their heirs or assigns, within threescore years next before the beginning of this present session of parliament.

II. Provided always, That this act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to bar, impeach or hinder his Mv title to"8 § re his or ^ucce>rsi of, for or from any manors,

version*orre- lands, tenements^ rents? tithes or hereditaments, whereof any maiflder? reversan

This5* shall pot impeach the King's

*5?

1623.] Anno vicesimo^rimb Jac6bi; c: i;

reversion or remainder now is in his Majesty, for or concerns ing the said reversion or remainder*(a) nor of, for or from any xeverfionor remainder, or possibility of reversion or re- mainder in any of his Majesty's progenitors, or predecessors or ancestors, which by the expiration, end or other determination of any limited estate of fee-simple, ot of any fee«tail or other particular estate, hath or ought to have fallen or become in possefllon within the space of threescore years next before the beginning of this present session of parliament: (3) Nor of, for or from any right or title first accrued or grown to his Majesty, or any of his progenitors, predecessors or ancestors, of in or to any manors, lands, tenements, rents, tithes or hereditaments, within the space of threescore years next before the beginning of this present session of parliament and not before*

III. Provided also, and be it enacted by authority of this present parliament. That this act or any thing therein contained shall not extend to any manors, lands, tenements, rents, tithes or hereditaments mentioned to be granted or conveyed by any of his Majest/s progenitors, predecessors or ahceftors, or by any other under whom his Majesty claimeth, to any person or persons, of any limited estate in fee-simple, or of any estate in tail or other particular estate, which several estates (if the same had been good and effectual in law) have or ought to have fallen or become in possession within threescore years nett before the beginning of this present session of parliament, nor to any manors, lands, tenements, rents, tithes or hereditaments mentioned to be granted or Conveyed by any of his JVlaje-fty's progenitors, predecessors or ancestors, or by any other under whom his Majesty claimeth, to any person or persons, in fee-tail, or other particular estate, whereof the reversion or inheritance (if such estate-tail or other particular estate had been good and effectual in law) Should have been and continued in his Majesty, the first day of this present session of parliament.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority of this This act Oiall present parliament. That all and Angular the said manors, lands, not extend to tenements and hereditaments shall be holden of his Majesty,lt* the te- his heirs and successors, and of other person and persons, bo-dies politick and corporate, their heirs and successors respectively, by the same tenures, services, fee-farms, chief-rents, herriots and other duties, to all intents and purposes, as the same should or ought of right to have been holden, if the estates, rights and interests established and made sure by this present act had been before the making of this act firm, good and effectual in law: (2) Saving to every person and persons. The right of bodies politick and corporate, their heirs and successors, (other others Saved, than his most excellent Majesty, his heirs and successors, and x Mod. 179. other than all patentees or grantees of concealments or de-festive titles, and alland every person or persons claiming from, by or under them or any or them, for, in respect, or by reason of any such patents or grants of concealments or defective titles] all such rights, title, interest, estate, rents, com- -..v mons.

It shall not extend to annul the custom of two-pence paid for sea-coal at Newcastle.

AH refits answered within sixty years, confirmed.

The King's tide required by this act to be within sixty years, ought to accrue upon a verdiftor demurrer, See. and not upon abate putting in charge or fending1*-. fiptr.

This act shalt not extend to land for which composition is or shall be made before

Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi, c. t. [i6t$<

mens, customs, duties, profits and other claims and demands whatsoever, in, to or ott of the said manors, lands, tenements, tithes or hmditaineiits, ' as they or any of them had or ought to hare had before the mating of this ift j any thing to' thi* aft. to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, That this act, nor ally thing therein contained. shall extend to debar his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of or from such claim and demand as his Majesty hath mdde, or may rightfully make, unto a certain duty or custom of two-pence upon a chaldron of sea-coal, to be paid in the port of the town of Netvcafllt upon Tim* with the members thereof, but that the same shall be and remain in such fort and degree as if this act had never been had or made.

vl. Provided aMb, and be it enacted, That where ahy fee-farm, rent, or other rent or rents, have beeh answered and paid to the King's majesty, or so any his predeceflbta, by the tfiort part of ttoeefcofe years last past, out of any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, of which manors, ' lands, tenements or hereditaments, the estates* rights or intfcrefts being defestive, are established and made sure by this present act; That the King's majesty, his heirs and succeslots, shall from henceforth for ever have, hold and enjoy the said rents and arrearages thereof, in such manner and form, and as fully and amply, as the same were enjoyed by the more part of threescore years last past before the beginning of this session of parliament.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority of this present parliament. That no putting in charge, nor (landing mfiiper, nor taking or answering the form-rents, revenues or profits of any of the said lands, tenements or hereditaments, by force, colour or pretext of any letters patents, or grants of 4onceahnents, or defective titles, or of lands, tenements or hereditaments out of charge, or by force, colour or pretext of ariy imprifitions, presentmentSj by of by reason of any commission, or other authority to find out concealments, defective titles, or lands, tenements or hereditaments out of charge, shall be deemed/ construed or taken to be a putting in charge, (landing tnfuper> or taking or answering the farm-rents, revenues of profits, by of to his Majesty, or any of his progenitors or predecessors, unlefe thereupon such lands, tenements or hereditaments, have beeh upon any information or suit, on the behalf of his Majesty, or of any hi's progenitors or predecessors, ' upon a lawful vefdift given, or demurrer in law adjudged, or upon a hearing ordered or decreed for his Majesty^ or any of his progenitors or predecessors, or of any of them within the said space of threefcofe years.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend, or be prejudicial to his Majesty, for or concerning any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, for which any composition is, or before the end of this session of parliament, shall be made with

-.6 his

Aiut6 vteefirfio prime* Jacobi; cvg* 4gg

his Mdjfcfty's cotatoiffioifers for defective titles, and th* monies the pul ofihi* by such compositions payable td his Majesty not paid before the parliament, end of this session of parliaments uriltfs the iaid monies shall be paid; and his Majesty's tetters patents procured according to the t.tree intent of ftteh competitions, within three ritfhths inter the end of this of j^arliatnent.

CAP. III.

An Act concerning ttibnbpoliis and iifpcnfdtions WtB'plnAf laws and the forfeitures thettoj\

Forasmuch as your most excellent Majesty, in your royal judgment i Monopolies and ofyokr htiffed mfpofitien to the weal and mlt of fair fob- &c. contrary -jeiis, did in the yedrjf out Lord God one thousand six hundred and to the!wWrf» tet, ft&ltfh in fktnf Uthe Whole fHlffii andtoattpofierityi ThataUxf}Umonopo-gTaMs and monopolies, and of the 'benlfit of any penal knot, ir flics, &c. (fall power to difpedte With} the law, orw compound for the forfeiture, be void. are contrary toyoitr Majesty's laws, which your majeslfs declaration is truly cohfitiant aiidagreeable to the ancient and fundamental lows of this your realm.« (£) And Whereas your Majesty was farther gra-9cioufiy pleased, exprefy to Command, that no /utter Jbaufd presume ti mow your Majestyfor ttidtteft of that nature*, (3) yet neuertheless '

upon ritifenformatiom, and utttrue pretences of publici good, many such grants have beets unduly obtained, and unlawfully tut in execution, to the great grievance and inconvenience of your Majestfs fob- - \

jetts, contrary to the taws of this yiur realm, 'and contrary to your Majestfs most rtydl and bUJJed intention ft published as forsaid: J

(4) For avoiding whCreds, and preventing of the like in timer to come, may it pteafe your excellent Majesty, at the hcrmblef suit of the lord's spiritoSl and temporal, and the commons, ire this present parliament assembled, That it may be declared and ehatfted; (5) and be it declared and enacted by authority of this present parliament, That all monopolies, and all com-; millions, grants, licences, charters and letters patents hereto- fore made or granted, or hereafter to be made or granted, tat any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, of or for the foie buying, felling, making, Working or using> of any thing within this realm, or the dominion of Wales, (6) or of any other monopolies, or of power, liberty or faculty, ' to dispense with any others, or t<y give licence or toleration to' do, use or exercise any thing against the tenor or purport of any law or statute'; (7) Or to give or make any warrant for any such difpertfation, licence or toleration to be had or made; or to agree or compound with any others for any penalty or forfeitures limited by any statute; or of any grant or promite of the benefit, profit or commodity of any forfeiture, penalty or sum of money, fhat is or shall be due by any statute, before judgment thereupon had; (8) and all proclamations, inhibitions, restraints, warrants of assistance, and all other matters and things whatsoever, any way tending to the instituting, # erecting, strengtbning, furthering or countenancing of.thofamo

or

256 Anno vicesimcr primo Jacobi* c. 3; [162 3+

I Mod.13*. or any of them; (9) ace altogether contrary to the laws of this realm, and so are and shall be utterly void and of noneeffeCl, ' and in no wife to be pot in ure pr execution.

Monopolies, U*And be it further declared and enacted by the authority &c. flnUbe aforesaid, That all monopolies, and all such commissions, tried by die grants, licences, charters, letters patents, proclamations, in- ofddTresdm* h*bitions, restraints, warrants of assistance, and all other matters and things tending asnfbr^said, dnd the force and validity of them and of every of them, ought to be and shall be for ever hereafter examined, heard, tried and determined by andf according to the common laws of this realm, and not other-wile..'

Ail serious.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaits, disabled to use That all person and persons, bodies politick and corporate monopolies, whatsoever, which now are or hereafter shall be, shall ftapd and be disabkd and uncapable to have, use, exercise or put in ure any monopoly, or any such commission, grant, licence, charter, letters patents, proclamation, inhibition, restraint, warrant of assistance, or other matter or thing tending as aforesaid, or any liberty, power or faculty, grounded or pretended to be grounded upon them or any of them.

ePdt?r Iv«.And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, pr^ext o?a That if any person or persons at any time after the end of forty monopoly, &c. days next after the end of this present feffiorl of parliament, shall recover shall be hindred, grieyed, disturbed or disquieted, or his or treble damx- their goods or chattels any way feiaed, attached, distrained, SfttTdd°UWe ^en, carried away or detained, by occasion or pretext of any / monopoly, or of* any such commimon, grant, licence, -power, liberty, faculty, letters patents, proclamation, inhibition* re-strainr, warrant of afliftanee, or other matter or thing tending as aforesaid, and will fueto be relieved in or for any of the premises; that then and in every such case, the same person and persons shall and may have his and their remedy for the same at the common law, by any action or actions to be grounded upon this statute; the same action and actions to be heard and determined in the courts of King's bench, common pleas and exchequer or in any of theip, against him or them by whom he or they shall be so hindered, grieyed, disturbed or disquieted, qr against him or them by whom his or their goods or chattels shall be so seized, attached, distrained, taken, carried away or detained; (2) wherein all and every such person and persons which shall be so hindered, grieyed, disturbed or disquieted, or whose goods or chattels* shall be so seized, attached, distrained, taken, carried away or detained, shall recover three times so much as the damages which he or they sustained by means or occasion of being so hindred, grieyed, disturbed or disquiet-x ed, or by means of having his or their goods or chattels seized, attached, distrained, taken, carried away or detained, and double costs; (3) and in such suits, or for the (laying or delaying thereof, no elfojn, protection, wager of law, aid prayer, privilege* injunction or order of restraint, shall be in any wise

prayed

*57

1623.] Anno vicdinfp^prSmp Jacobi, c. 3.

prayed, granted, admitted or allowed^ dor any more than one imparlance: (4) And if any prison^or persons shall, after ho-He that delay-tice given, that the action dependingis grounded upon this fta-lute, cause ot procure anyia&ran at the common law, ground- this itarute ed upon this statute, to be flayed or delayed before judgment* incurs a prae-by colouror means of any order, warrant, power or authority, munire. save.only of the court wherein; such action as aforesaid shall be brought and.depending, or after judgfnent had upon, such action, 'mall cause or procure the execution of or upon any such judgment to be flayed or delayed by colour or means oif any order, warrant, power or authority^ Tfave only by writ of error cm- attaint; that then the said person and persons fa offending fjiallincur and sustain the pains, penalties and forfeitures* ordained and provided by the statute.of provision and pratmniri made in the fifteenth year of the reign of K\ngRicbard the a. c. j* Second.

V. Provided nevertheless, and be it declared and -enacted, Letterspa-That any declaration before mentioned shall not extend to any^tent* letters patents and grants of privilege for the term of one and tu^sro^SlC^ twenty years or under, heretofore made, of the foie working- i

or making of any manner of new manufacture within this;

realm, to the first and true inventor or inventors of such'

manufactures, which others at the time of the making of such letters patents and grants did not use, so they be not*

contrary to the law, nor mischievous to the state, by raising'

of the prices of commodities at home, or hurt of trade, or gev

nerally inconvenient, but that the same shall be of such force'

as they were or should be, if this act had not been made, and*

of none other:

(2) And if the same were made for more than one and twenty years, That then the same for the term of

one and twenty years only, to be accounted from the date of the first letters, patents and grants thereof madev shall be. of such force as th^y were or should have been, if the same had

been mad$. biit for term of one and twenty years only, and as T

if this act.had never been had or made, and of none othdr.

VI. Provided also, and be it declared and enacted, That any declaration before mentioned shall not extend to any letters pa* tents and grants of privilege for the term of fourteen years or

under, hereafter to be made, of the foie working ormaking of

any manner of new manufactures within this realm, to the true

and jirft.inventor and inventors of such manufactures^ which

others at the time of making such letters patents and grants

shall, not use, 'fb as also they be not contrary to the law, nor.

mischievous to the: state, by raising prices of commodities at

home, or hurt; of trade, or generally inconvenient: The said

fourteen years to be accounted from the date of the first letters

patents, or grant of such privilege hereafter to be made, but that the same shall be of such force a*: they should be, if this

z& had never been made, and of none other.

VII. Provided and jit is hereby further intended, de-» Pran*skcon

dared, and enacted by authority dfordaid^-That thisiaft or ofwlStaent.'\0U VII. S.thing saved.

Charters granted to corporations, fayed.

3fait. t&$

258 Anno vicdhrio prihro^JaboBi. c. 3.

thing therein contained (ha&oifc in any Wife attend, or bn prejudicial to ait y grant orprivdtge, powir&c authority whatsoever heretofore made, gnartdd, allowed or uonfirined by any act of parliament now in Farce, so long as the same shall so continue in forea.

xxr, r, nf, VTJI. Provided also, That this ajft shall not extend to any granted to warrant 6t privy fed, matic or directed ar t bexunde or dircc-justices, laved, tfid by lus Majesty, hik berrs.orfocceffortyto-the joftkes of the courts of the King's bench or domoon pleas, and barone of the exchequer, justices of afltfce, jutbcej of oyer and ttrminer and gaol-deli Very, justices of the peace, and other justices for the time being, having power, to-hear and determine offences done against any penal! statute, to cothpound foe-the forfeitures of any penal statute, depending in suit and qqeftkn before them or any of them: relpe<9£vely, after plea: pleaded'by the party defendant.

IX. Provided aMo, and it is hereby further intended, declared and enabled. That this atft or any thing therein contained shall not in any wise extend or be prejudicial unto the city of London. or to any city, borough or toWn corporate within -this realm* far or concerning any grants, charters or letters patents, to them or any of them made or -granted, Or for or Concerning any culiom or customs used by or within them or any of them-} (2) or untO any corporations, companies or fellowmips of any art, trade, occupation or mystery, or p any companies' or societies of merchants within this realm, ended for the maintenance, enlargement, or ordering of any trade of merchandise; (3) but that the fame charters, customss corpora-tkmi, companies, fellowthips and societies and their liberties, privileges, powers and imtnunifies, shall be and continue of fucbiforce and cffetS as they Were before the making of this' ad, and of none otherj any tiring before in this act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding-.

X. Provided also, and be'«t enacted, Thar this act, Or any tents that con- declaration, provision, disabkment, penalty, forfcitute, or other lipetre, tin8' thing before-mentioned, shall not extend to any tetters patents gunpowder, or grants of privilege heretofore made, or hereafter to be made, great ord- of, for or concerning printings (a) nor taanycommission, grant Bfl£-ce' lf°!jor hr letters patents heretofore made, or hereafter to be made, ofy owoes, uvea.^0( Concerning the digging, making or compounding of lait-

petre or gunpowder, or the casting or making of ordnaboe, foot for ordnance, (3} nor to any gram orletters patents heretofore made, or hereafter to be made, of any office or offices heretofore ended, made or oretained, and ncAv in being, and put in execution, other than Inch offices-as 'have been decried by any his Majesty's iprodamatfon or proclamations: (4) But that aQ and every the same grants, commissions and letters patents, ind all Other matters and things tending to the maintaining, flrengthning and furtherance of the same, or any of them, shall be and remain of the'like force and effedf, and no other, and as free from the declarations, provisions, penalties ..... < and

Letters pa-

Anno vicesimo prittio Jacobi. q. 3. 259

and forfeitures contained in this act, as if this act had never been had nor made, and not otherwise<.

XI. Provided also, and bo it enacted, That this act, or any Th, »*Jj*n declaration, provision, disablement, penalty, forfeiture, or "omm^ffions10 other thing before-fnentioned, shall not extend to any com- for alhu» million, grant, letters patents or privilege heretofore mode, or mine* j hereafter to be made, of, for or concerning the digging, compounding or malting of allmn or alliim mines, but that all and every the same commissions, grants, letters patents and privileges shall be and remain of the like force and cffeA, and no other, and as free from the declarations, provisions, penalties and forfeitures contained in this act, as if this. aA bad never been had nor made, and not otherwise.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That this act, or any Nor to the li< declaration, provision, penalty, forfeiture, or other thing be- bertie* of fore-mentioned, shall not extend or be prejudicial to arty use, ^xinf^tmr custom, prescription, franchise, freedom, jurisidiction, imtnu- °o lueiice* of nity, liberty, or privilege, heretofore claimed, used or enjoyed keeping ta-by the governors and (towards, and brethren of the fellowfnip vernij

of the hoaft-men of the town of Ntwtaflkupon 77*, or by the ancient fellowship, guild or fraternity, commonly called hoaft-men, (.2) for or concerning the felling, canying, lacting, disposing, shipping, venting or trading of or for any sea-coals, (lone-coals or pit-coals, forth or out of the haven and river of f?*r; or to any grant made by the said governor and (lewards, and brethren of the fellowship of the said hoaft-men, to the late Queen Elizabeth, of any duty or (urn of money tobe paid for or iri respect of any such coals as aforesaid; (3) nor to any grants, letters patents or commission, heretofore granted, or hereafter to be granted, of, for or concerning the licencing of the keeping of any tavern or taverns, or felling, uttering or retailing of wines to be drank or spent in the mansion house or houses, or other place in the tenure or occupation of the party or parties So feNing or uttering the same; or for or concerning the making of any -cwnpositions for such licences, so as the benefit of such competitions be referred and appfied to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs of successors, and not to the private use of any other person or persons.

XItt, ' Provided allbj and be it enacted, That this-aA, or any Nor to letters declaration, provision, penalty, forfeiture, or other thing be- patent* grant-fore-mentioned, lfiall not extend or be prejudicial to a grant of 'd privilege for or concerning the making of glass, by his Maje- jjSt. or to"* fty's letters pat eh tv under the great seal of England, bearing date jametMaxe-the two and twentieth day of May in the one and twentieth well, Eup, year of his Majesty's reign of England, made and granted to Sir Robtrt Mmfel knight, vice-admiral of England: (2) Nor to a grant or letters patents bearing date the twelfth day of Junt in the thirteenth year of his Majesty's reign of, made

t o James MaimvtU e Squire, concerning the transportation of calves skins: .(3) But-that the foidfeveraf letters patents lift mentioned

Anno vicesimo primo Jacobs c. 4. tl&2&

shall be and remain of the like force and effect, and as free from the declarations, provisions, penalties and forfeitures before-mentioned, as if this act had never been had nor made, and not otherwise.

XIV. Provided also, and be it declared and enacted, That this act* or any declaration, provision, penalty, forfeiture, of other thing before-mentioned, shall not extend or be prejudicial to a grant or privilege for or concerning the making of fnkalt; by his Majesty's letters patents under the great seal of England, bearing date the sixteenth day of February in the sixteenth year of his Majesty's reign of England, made or granted to Abraham Baker: (a) Nor to a grant or privilege, for or concerning the melting of iron ewer, and of making the same into cast-works or bars with sea-coals or pit-coals, by his Majesty's letters patents under the great seal of England, bearing date the twentieth day of February in the nineteenth year of his Majesty's reign of England, made or granted to Edward lord Dudley; (3) but that the same several letters patents and grants shall be and remain of the like force and effect, and as free from the declarations, provisions, penalties and forfeitures before-mentioned, as if this all had never been had nor made, and not otherwise.

CAP. IV.

An act for the case of the subject, concerning informations upon penal statutes.

WHEREAS the offences against divers and sundry penal laws

r_..... and statutes of this realm may better, and with more ease and

statute* shall less charge, to the subject, be commenced, fiud, informed against, be orofecuted prosecuted and tried in the counties where such offences shall be com-wheiVtheof! nsitted: (2) And whereas the poor commons of this realm are griev-fences were ously charged, troubled., vexed, molejied, and disturbed by divers committed, troublesome persons, commonly called relators, informers and proInst. 17*. motors, by prosecuting and inforcing them to appear in his MajestyJs

elo courts at Westminster, and to answer offences supposed bp them to

383! 1 Vent. s. he committed against the Jhidpenal laws and statutes, or etfe to com-3 Inst. 193. pound yoith them for tlje same: (3) For remedy whereof, be it Latch 191. cnalled by the authority of this present parliament, That all

HMod aaV °^ences hereafter to be committed against any penal statyte, for Cro. Car. ii», which any common informer or promoter may lawfully ground 14$, 316. any popular ailion, bill, plaint, suit or information, before Jones 193. justices of assize, justjees of Nift prius or gaol-delivery, justices lisde H 4P °ycr an(* terminer* or justices of peace in their general or C. 197, '*quarter-sessions, shall after the end of this present session of parliament be commenced, sued, prosecuted, tried, recovered and determined, by way of action, plaint, bill, information, or indillment, before the justices of assize, justices of Ntji prius, justices of oyer and terminer and justices of gaol-delivery, or before the justices of peace of every county, city, borough, or town corporate, and liberty, having power to enquire of,

Nor to those granted to Abraham Baker, or Edward lord Dudley.

Informations

1623.] Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi. 6.4. 261

hear and determine, the same, within this realm of England\ or dominion of Wales, wherein such offences shall be committed, in any.of the courts, places of judicature, or liberties aforesaid respectively, only at the choice of the parties which shall or will commence suit or prosecute for the same, and not elsewhere, save only in the said counties, or places usual for those counties, or any of them: (4) And that the like process upon every popular action, bill, plaint, information, or suit, to be commenced, or sued, or prosecuted after the end of this present session of parliament, by force of or according to the purport of this act, be had and awarded, to all intents and purposes, as in an action of trespase, Vi & Carthew 4$s* armisy at the common law; (5) and that all and all manner of informations, adUons, bills, plaints and fuirs whatsoever, hereafter to be coiximeneed, sued, prosecutedi or awarded, either by the attorney general of his Majesty, his heirs or sucessors for the time being, or by any officer or officers whatsoever for the time being, or by any common informer or other person whatsoever, in any of his Majesty's courts at Westminr Jltr, for or concerning any of the offences, penalties or forfeitures aforesaid, shall be void and of none effect; any /aw, custom, or usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid? Upon default 'Chat in all informations to be exhibited, and in all bills; of proving counts, plaints and declarations, in anyadlion or suit to W jhattheo^ commenced again! any person or ersons, either by or on the behalf of the King, or any other fororconcerning any offencecdm- the ktAc

mitted or to be committed again! any penal statuse, the offence county, the shall be laid and alledged to have been committed in the said county where such offence was in truth committed, and not elsewhere: (2) And if the defendant to any such information, Carthewsijo, action or suit, pleadeth that he owetfi nothing, or that he rs*Mo^. 24$. not guilty; and the plaintiff or informer in such information, 9*-action or suit, upon evidence to the jury that shall try such issue, shall not both prove the offence laid in the said information, action or suit, and that the same offence was committed in that county; then the defendant and defendants shall be found not guilty.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The informer That no officer or minister in any court of record shall receive, Sat the file or enter of record ariy information, bill, of plaint, count offence was or declaration, grounded upon the said penal statutes or any committed in'

of them, which before by this act are appointed to be heaVd, Jt

and determined in their proper counties, until the informer* or relator hath first taken a corporal oath before fotae of the judges Cdmm, thx:d: of that court, that the offence or offences laid in such rpror- 1 saHc. 572I'mation, action, suit or plaint, was or were not comfoittfedhi 373* any other county than where by the said information, bill; plaint, count or declaration, the same is or are fopposed to.have been committed, ar>d that he believeth in his conference, the-offence

S339

Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi. C5.

was committed within a year before the information or within the same county where the said information or lint was committed, the same oath to be there entred of record.

The defen- be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

dant in an'in- if apy information, suit or action shall be brought or exhibited formation up- against any person or persons, for any offence committed or to on a penal.be committed against the form of any penal law, either by or ph»d the*ge- on behalf or the King, or by any other, or on the behalf neral issue. of King and any other, it shall be lawful for such defendants to plead the general issue, that they are not guilty, or that they owe nothing, and to give such special matter in evidence to the jury that shall try the same, which matter being pleacted, had been a good and foffieijent matter in law to have discharged the said defendant or defendants against the said information, suit or action, and the said matters shall bp then a* available to him or them, to all intents and purposes, as if he or they had sufficiently pleacted, set forth or alledged thfe same matter ia bar, or discharge of such information, suit or atftion.

Certain of- V. Provided always, That this act, or any dause contained

fence, ex- therein, shall not extend to any information, suit or action,

cepted. grounded upon any law qr statute made against popish recusants, of for or concerning popish recu fancy, or against thofethat shall not frequent the church and hear divine service; (2) nor to any information, suit or action, for maintenance, champerty',

or buying of titles; (3) nor to any suit or information grounded upon the statute made in the first year of the reign of our 1J it.i.e. 3V sovereign lord the King, of a subsidy granted, to the King, of tonnage, poundage, wool, &c. (4) nor for or concerning the , concealing or defrauding the King, his heirs or successors, of

any custom, tonnage, poundage, subsidy, import or prisage; (5)

or for transporting of gold, fiiver, ordnance, powder, (hot, munition of all Tons, wool, woolfels or leather, but that such offeree may be laid qr alledged to be in any county, at the plea- fore of any informer; any thing in this act to the contrary not-vvjthstanding. 18 El. i. 5.

'.CAP. V.

aft that ffieriffs, their, executors and,

having a Quietus eft, shall absolutely of their

accounts.

tfl T^GRASiVfUCH as divers Jb of 'fevered counties within this realm of England and of Wales have hem of late

d! scharge hiu\ nuteb troubled and vexed long time after that they have passed their pffdijtfamauaetokntly and had their Quietus eft, end

due to the.roosages, doits and otherfums if money pretended to have been by them levied and received, and not formerly accounted for, to the great dif-amragement of others, to take upon them the said office: (2) be it therefore enabled by the King's most excellent majesty, the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament

1623.] Anno oic«fci)<! promo Jacobi, c. 6. 263

Lament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That whensoever any Sheriff or Sheriff; within this realm of England or dominion otJVeies, upon the passing of their accounts, shall have their Quietus eft. That then and from thenceforth the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, their heirs, executors and administrators, lands, tenements, goods and chattels. shall be absolutely discharged of all manner of Sum or Stuns of money which he or they shall havo-so levied or received, and pretended' not to be accounted for within die Said account whemupori he or they had their Quietus eft, unless Such Sheriff or Sheriffs Shall- be The officer called in question for Such Sum or sums of money pretended to t!|a^lve^tb be levied and received, and pot accounted for, within the Space d?' of four years after the time of their Said account and Quietus: ail shall for-

(3) and that every officer or minister that shall lend out or feit 4.0I. Cause to be lent out any writer process, or by whose default any writ or process shall be sent out, contrary to this act, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay to the patty grieved forty c. 1. f. s.*pounds, with his cost and damages; the Said Sum of forty pounds and the said coils apd damages to be recovered by any action of debt, bill, plaint or information, to be brought and prosecuted in the court of the King's bench or the court of the common pleas, at the election of the plaintiff: wherein ho privilege, protection, efibin or wagejr of law shall be allowed to the defendant.

II. And further be it enacted, That every such offender bet- Focshe third* ing three times lawfully convicted of any such' offence or of- offence shall fences, upon the trial of such' action of debt, bill, plaint dr* to

information, shall for such his offence or offences contrary to die true meaning of this atfl, be utterly disabled to be or Con- y tinue in any office or imployment in the hud court of exchequer or in any other court of justice whatsoever.

CAP. VI.

An act concerning utppsen cottviftedof felonies.

WHEREAS by the laws of this realm the benefit of clergy is not For felony, allowed to women cormtUd offelony^by many where clergy.

women do ftcffifr death for J'malleauses; (2) be it enacted by the jf alto"*! to

authority of this present parliament, That any woman being ^tn^hall lawfully convicted by her 'confeSfion or by the verdict of twelve be burned in men, of of for the felonious taking of any money, goods or tbs to>4-'chattels, above the value of twelve-pence, and under-the value of ten Shillings, or as accessary to any such offence, the said offence being no burglary hor robbery in or near me highway, nor the felonious taking of any money, goods ©^chattels, from the person of any man or woman priyily, without' his or their knowledge, but only Such an offence, as in the like case a mah might have his clergy, shall for the first offence be branded and marked in the hand, upon tire1 brawn of the left thumb with a hot burning iron, having a roman T ripon the Said utm: The said mark to be made by the gaoler openly in the Court before the judge; {ift- and also to be further punched by imprisonment.

"Anno vice&maprima Jacobi. c. 7. 06i$Z

ment, whipping, flocking or fending to the house of oorredtion, in such fort, manner and form, and for so long time (not exceeding the space of one whole year) ?s the judge, judges oar other justices before whom (he shall be so convidbed, or which shall have authority in the cause, shall in their discretion think meet, according to the quality of the offence, and then to be delivered out of prison for that offence; any law, custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding. (4) Thfc act to continue until the end of the first leflion of the next parliament. 3 Car. 1.1. 4. Continued until the end of the first session of the next parliament, and farther continued by 10 Car. u c. 4.

CAP. VII.

An act for the better repressing of drunkenness, and restraining the inordinate haunting of inns* alehouses and other victualling* houses.

The statutes of

WHEREAS one statute, intituled, An act to restrain the in-j Jac. 1. c. 9. ordinate haunting of tipling in inns, alehouses and other Jac^ 1. c. 5. -victualling-houses, made in the first year of bit Highness happy reign madeperpe- ^England, and another statute* intituled, An adfc to repress the One witness odious and loathsome (in of drunkenness, made in the fourth year shall be fuf- of biy Highmfs reign of England* were made to continue to the end (ident to con- 0fi the first session of the next parliament, and by experience have been ri^in nd°f found good and necessary laws; be it therefore enacted, That the druiitarindi. f*M- statutes, with the alterations and additions hereafter expressed, shall be put in due execution and continue for ever: «(2) and whereas by the said statutes, proof of two witnesses ip

required, be: it enacted, That proof of one witness from hence-forth shall be allowed and takenfor fpffident in that behalf: (3) him that con- an<*kat d*6 voluntary confession (before any such persons as fefleth the of- by the said act are authorized to minister the oath) of any per-fence shall be son offending either of the said statutes, shall suffice to con-asufficient vince the person jbpffending; (4)'after such confession the wT°ouser, nft oath of the party so confessing shall And may be taken, and be any o ier. a proof against any other offending at the same time.

He that stays.And be it further enacted, That if any other person4 or tipling in an persons, wfteresoever his or their habitation or abiding bey shall inn, See. shall at any time hereafter be found upon view, or his own confession, nalty i!5i§La — 1r Pro0^ one witness, to be tipling in any jnn, alehouse or by4jac.i. c. 5. vjvftualling-house, such person or persons shall be from henceforth adjudged and construed to be within, the said statutes, as ..if he or they had inhabited, and dwelt in the city^ town corr porate, market-town, village or hamlet where the said inn, aler house, or yi^u^dling hcufe is or shall be, where he or they shall jbe so found; tipling, and shall incur the like penalty, and the same to be so such fort levied and disposed, as in the said act i? expressed concerning such 3s there inhabit: (2) and the voluntary confession of such person or persons so offending, before such as by the said statutes are authorized to cninifter the oath, tfiall suffice to convince themselves; (3) and after such con-tession, the oath of such person or persons so confefsing, shall

and

1623.] Anno vicesimo prtmo Jacobi. c, 8.

and may.be taken by such as by the said act have authority to minister an oath, and shall be a sufficient proof against any other offending at that time.

III. And be it further enacted, That any justice of peace in He that 1* any county, and any justice of peace or other head officer in any convicted of city or town corporate, within their limits respectively, shall drunkenness from henceforth have power and authority, upon his own view,or e4t confession of the party, or proof of one witness upon oath before him, which he by virtue of this act shall have power to administer, to convince any person of the offence of drunken-, ness, whereby such person so convict shall incur the forfeiture of five shillings for every such offence, and the same to be levied, or the offender otherwise punished, as in the said statute Forthesecond is appointed: and for the second offence he shall become bound offence he to the good behaviour, as if he had been convicted in open sessions; any thing in the said former statute made in the behaviour/ fourth year or his Majesty's reign to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any person being an An alehouse-

alehouse-keeper, or that shall at any time hereafter be an ale- keeper offend-house-keeper, shall at anytime hereafter be lawfully convict be

for any offence against any the branches of either of the said keeping an"* two former statutes, according to the alterations and additions alehouse three therein contained, or against the true meaning of this present years after, statute} That every person so convict shall for the space of three

years next ensuing the said conviction be utterly dilabied to kcepany such alehouse.

V. And whereas in tty said statute made in the fourth year of his jac t c said- Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to repress the odious and Constables, loathsome fin of drunkenness, constables, churchwardens, head* &c. shall be boroughs, tithingmen, aleconners and fidemen are appointed in tty charged (on paths incident to their offices, to be likewise charged to present the [opresent the offences contrary to the said statute; (2) be it enacted, That the offences cora-said oath shall always hereafter be also enlarged, and extend to mitted against present all offences done contrary to the statute made in the 1 J*0* 9-ftrff session of parliament held in the ffrff year of his Highness

reign, intituled, An act to refrain the inordinate haunting and tipling in inns and alehouses, and other victualling-houses, with the alterations and additions in this act contained, made in the said fourth year of his said Majesty's reign, according to the alterations and additions of the same in this act expressed. j Car, i. r. 4.

CAP. VIII.

An act to prevent and punish the abuses its procuring process.and Supersedeas of the peace and good behaviour, out of his Majestfs courts at Westminster, and to prevent the abuses in procuring writs of Certiorari out of the said courts, for the removing of indictments found before jttftices of the peace in their general sessions.

AX7HKREAJS divers turbulent and contentious persons, some out y r of malice and others in hope of gain by way of comp fit ion, do

oftentimes

Process and writs of Supei fedeas of trie

upon motion in open court,

Certiorarits shall not be allowed, un-JeA the in-diaee will be bound to pay cods.

6& Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi, 0.8. [rtfe#.

eft mimes upon their corporal oaths peremptorily and corruptly taken* or otherwise upon false Juggeftims and farmijis\ procure procefi of the peace or good behaviour out of his Meyeftft courts of chancery and King's bench, against divers of his Majestfs quiet fvhjeSts, whose dwellings and abodes are for the most part) m counties far defiant and remote from thefind courts, to their intolerable trouble and vexation, whereas they might upon good tause Shewed receive justtet at the hands of the justices of the peace in the counties where they dwell

II. For remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority of this present parliament. That all proeels of the peace or good behaviour, after the end of this feUion of parliament to be peace, or good granted or awarded out of the same courts or either of them, against any person or persons whatsoever, at the suit of or by granted but^prosecution of any person or persons whatsoever, shall be void and of none effect, unless such process shall be so granted or awarded, upon motion first made before the judge or judges of the same courts respectively, fitting in open court, find upon declaration in writing, upon their corporal oaths, to be then exhibited unto them, by the parties which shall delire such process, of the causes for which such process shall be granted or awarded, by or out of any the said courts respectively, and unless that such motion and declaration be mentioned to be made upon the "back of the writ; the said writings there to be entred and remain of record: (2) and ths*tif it shall afterwards appear unto the said courts or either of them respectively, that the causes exprefietj in such writings or any of them be untrue; that then the judge or judges of the said courts or either of them respectively, shall and may award such costs and damages unto the parties grieyed, for their or any of their wrongful vexations in that behalf, as they shall think fit: and that the party or parties so offending shall and may be committed to prison by such judge or judges*until he or they pay the said costs and damages. (3) And whereas divers turbulent and contentious persons, aefervedly fearing to be bound to the peace or good behaviour by the justices of peace of the counties where they dwell, do oftentimes procure themselves to be bound to the peace or good behaviour in the said courts or one of them, upon inefficient sureties, or upon colourable prosecution of some person or persons, who will be ready at all times to rtleafe them at their (nun pleajhre; whereupon his Majesty's writs of Super fedeas are oftentimes directed to the justices of peace and other his Majesty's officers, requiring them and every of them to forbear to arrest or irn-ffifin the parties aforesaidfor the causes abovesaid \ by means whereof the said turbulent and contentious persons misdemean themselves amongst their neighbours with impunity, to the great offence and disturbance of their neighbours amongst whom they converse and live, and to the affront of the justices of peace, and to the evil example and encouragement of like evil-disposed persons;

III. Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all writs of Superfeckas after the end of this present session of parliament, to be granted by or out of either of the courts aforesaid, shall be void and of none eflect, unless such process

267

1613.] Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi, c.fr.

be granted likewise upon motion in open court first made as aforesaidj and upon such Efficient sureties, as shall appear unto the judge or judges of the*famt court receptively upon oath, to be anefied at fiive pounds lands, or teo pounds in goods, in the subsidy-boak, at the least 5 (2) which oaths, and the names of inch sureties, with the places of their abode, and where the/

Hand so aflfeffed fa the subsidy-books, shall beentred and remain of record in the same courts: (3) and unless it shall also first appear unto the said judge or judges, from whom such super-feaeas is desired, That the prpcels of the peace, or good behaviour, is prosecuted again! him or them, desiring such Sup&-fedeas bona /dir, by some party grieved in that court out of which such Supersedeas is desired to be so awarded and dhre&ed. March7.

IV. And whereas divers lewd and evil-disposed persons, tom- p' manly called common bailers or knights of tip pofiy being base and beggarly persons, do oftentimes procure themselves to be ajfefjid at high rates in the subsidy-books, and sometimes do falfiy take upon them the names of other men of good ability, of purpose to enable themselvesto

hb accepted for bail, which persons being offinall or noability or worthy are ready for lucre and gain to become bound by recognizance os furetiesfor such persons as Jballprocure, themselves to be bound to the peace or good behaviour as oforesaidy by means whereof the judge or judges of the field courts not knowing the my may be easily abused and justice

V. Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That False sureties

the judgeor judges of thecoum aforesaid respectively, orof either procured for of them, Upon proof of any the misdemeanors aforesaid, to be committed fa the obtaining of the aforesaid Writs of Super feieas, MUiT

of procuring such surety as aforesaid, shall and may likewise punttbed by punish the false and infufikient sureties and bailers aforesaid, the judges, and the procurers thereof, according to their discretions, so as

such punishment extend not to the loss of life or member.

VI. And whereas divers bids of indictments of riot, forcible entry, or of assault and battery, being pun A before the justices of peace at their quarter-sessions of the peace or otherwise9 are oftentimes removed from the counties where such indictments are fotmd9 by writs of Certiorari unto them directed out of the said courts, by or by the means of the persons fojndicteiy who wed know that few or no persons grieved by such their outrages and misdemeanors whereof, they flan A so in-dieted, wilt undergo the travel or charge ofprosecution of such indictments so removed, by bringing the parties so indicted to trial; by means whereof such offendersfof the mofi part escape unprosecuted and unpurtished, and the King loseth the fines which ought and shouli have been imposed upon themy if such indictments bad been prosecutedy and not removed:

VII. Be it therefore enacted, That11 such writs of Certiorari Certiorari shall from ondafteftheend of this present feffiort of parliament, frail not be be delivered' at (btne quarter-sessions of the peace in open court:!1fow*cl "* (2) and that the'parties indicted shall before the allowance of distee ViHbe* such Ctrtioraritt become bound unto such person or persons come bound which shall prosecute such/bUto of k)di£jn»en£ again# them, in to payooft*

the

*68 Anno vicesimo prinio Jacobi, 0.9, 10. [1613.

Farther pro- the sum of ten pounds, with such sufficient fu reties as the itif-'ilatins tices of peace at their said quarter-sessions of the peace mall ricg, 'TxSc ia. think fit, with condition to pay unto the said prosecutors of such Car*, i. c. 6.* bills of indictment, within one month after the conviction of fi 16. such parties indieted, such reasonable costs and damages as the

z Car.2.c.ia* said justices of peace of such counties where such bills of in* <6c 6 w.&M. shall be found, in the said sessions of the peace shall

c. ix. ' assess or allow: (3) and that in default thereof, it shall be lawful for the said justices to proceed to trial of such indictments; any such writs of Certiorctri to remove the same indictments notwithstanding.

CAP. IX.

EXP. An act for the free trade and trastick of Welsh clothes, cottons, frizes,

linings and plains in and through (he kingdom of England and dominion of Wales. The inhabitants of Wales may fell their clothes freely. Welsh clothes may be transported. To continue for /evenyears*

CAP. X.

An act of repeal of one branch of the statute made in the session of parliament holden by prorogation at Westminster the twenty-second day of January the thirty-fourth year of the reign of King Henry,

An act for certain ordinances in the King's majesty's dominion and principality of Wales.

Tbebnnebof TB WHEREAS the subjects of the Country and dominion of Wales vl&ic°H j. bem conjiantly loyal and: and ham Jived in all

c7*<. that"'dutiful subjection to the crown of England: and whereas by an act of

concerns the parliament made in the four and thirtieth year of the reign of the late King's power King Henry the Eighth, intiAn act for certain ordinances in the taws*of King's majesty's dominion and principality of Wales, Wales, re-.amongst other things, it is enacted and ordained in theft words: pealed. II. Item, It is further e by the authority aforesaid, That the

The loyalty King's most royal majesty shall and may at all times hereafter from ottheWdfli*tlmC tD t*mt c^an£e' a, minish and reform all manner of things afore-rehearsed, as to his most excellent wifiom and By a branch tion shall be thought convenient; (2) and also to make laws and or-

\ King

power to alter theshire-ground of Wales, or any other act or tiffs, thing or things, to the laws of the contrary thereof heretofore made in any wise notwithstanding: (3)

*alcs* and that all such alterations of the p?em*Jfes or any part thereof. and all such laws and ordinances to be hereafter made, devised and publish-pd by authority of this aby the King's Majesty in writing under his Highness great JeaUJball be of as goodfirengthy virtue and effect> as if they had been had aM aMhortiy-of parliament:

III. Jnd forafmuih as H is manifest by long experience, That the laws and statutes already or Mdned for the said country, are in effect and for the most part agreeable to the laws and Jlaiutes f this his Highness kingdom of England, and, all and every of the same obeyed with freest alacrity: (2) and for tkfl after so long a.ytiejt ynfingthtm* any

1623.] Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi. c.i 1, 12. 269

future change or innovation herein would be dangerous, and for the abolition of dtflinftion and difference between the subjects of England and Wales, his most excellent Majesty, tendering the common and conjiant good of the fend country and dominion of Wales, and of their posterity for ever hereafter, is graciously pleased, That it may be enacty ea by his Majesty with the assent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament assembled\

IV. And be it enacted by the authority of the same, That the A repeal of that' said recited branch of the said act of parliament, and every ar- branch of 34. tide, word and sentence in that branch contained, be utterly

pealed and made void and of none effect, to all intents, con-'XI9' structions and purposes, as if the said branch had never been made nor contained in the said act: (2) and that the King's majesty, his heirs or successors, shall not by virtue of the said dause or brahch in the said act, at any time hereafter alter, ehange or reform any laws, usage or custom, or, make any new laws for or concerning the said dominion or principality of Wales \

V. Provided always, and, be it enacted by the authority The residue aforesaid, That all and every clause, article and thing contained that iUtute in the aforesaid act of parliament, other than the aforesaid

branch before recited, shall stand, refrain and be in as full force and effect, to all intents, condruftions and purposes, as if this present act had never been had or made.

CAP. XI.

A judgment given in chancery for the revoking and annulling of certain, letters patents (granted to Henry Heron for the foie privilege of (altinz, drying and packing of fish withm the counties of Deron and Cornwall) confirmed.

CAP. XII.

An act to enlarge and make perpetual the act made for ease in pleading against troublesome and contentious suits prosecuted against justices of the peace, mayors, constables and certain other his Majesty's officerfor the lawful execution of their office, made in the sevent h year of his Majesty's moji happy reign.

WHEREAS an act, intituled, An act for ease in pleading The statute of against troublesome and contentious suits prosecuted 7 Jac->*c. 5. against justices of the peace, mayors, constables, and certain other ma^perpe-his Majesty's officers, for the lawful execution of thair office, tuaa. " P made in the seventh year of his Majesty's most happy reign of England, was made to continue but for seven years, and from thence to the end of the next parliament after the said seven years, which by experience bath since been found to be a good and profitable law:

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, the lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act shall from and after the end of this present session of parliament be perpetual and have continuance for ever.

III. And be it further enacted l?y the authority aforesaid, Tnft. 174. That all churoh-wardens, and all persons called lvvorn-men. Churchwar-

- executing densando?er-

270 Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi. c*iu [1623.

frers of the executing of the office of church-wardens, and all overseers of P°°r the poor, and all others which in their aid and assistance, or by

S^ithin the ^ie*r commandment, shall do any thing touching of concerning purview of his or their office or offices, shall hereafter be enabled to receive 7 Jac. x. c. 5. and have such benefit and help by virtue of the said act, to all intents, constructions and ptupoies, as If they had been Ipecjally named therein.

IV. And.whir ecu mtmthfionding the /hidfiatute^ the plaintiff is -at liberty to lay his action which he shall bring agatn/l <my jqflice of peaeey or other officer9 in any for Ain county at hit choicey which hath proved very inconvenient unto /unary of the officers end persons afore*

' faicL that have been impleaded by same contentious and troublofome persons in countries far remote from their places of habitations;

An action V. Be it therefore further enabled by the authority aforesaid, an*of- That if any action, bill, plaint, or suit upon the case, trespass, leer shall be battery or false iipprisonment, shall be brought after the end of laid in the this present session of parliament, against any justice of peaces county where mayor or bailiff of city, or town corporate, headborough, por-Jtommkted* trevc> constable, tithing-man, collector of subsidy pr. fifteens,

1 left.83. churchwardens, and persons called sworn-men, executing the Vaughan, xx 3, office of churchwarden or overseer of the poor, and their 217* deputies, or any of them, or any other which in their aid and assistance, or by their commandment, shall do any thing touch* ing or concerning his or their office or offices, for or concerning any matter, cause or thing, by them or any of t; hem done by virtue or reason of their pr any of their office or office*, that the said action, bill, pkunt or suit shall be laid within the county where the trespass or fast shall be done and committed) and not elsewhere; (2) and that it shall be lawful to and for all and every person and persons aforesaid, to plead thereunto the ge-, neraJ lfliie, that he or they are not guilty, and to give such (pedal matter in evidence to the jury which shall try the same, as in or by the said former act is limited or declared: / 3) and that if upon the trial of any such action, bill, plaint or luit, the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein shall not. prove to the jury which shall try the same, that the trespass, battery, imprisonment, or other fast or cause of Ins, her, or their such action, bill, plaint or suit was or were had, made, committed or done, within the county wherein such action, bill, plaint or suit mail be laid} that then in every such case, the jury which shall try the same,

shall find the defendant and defendants in every such action, bill, plaint or suit, not guilty, without having any regard or respect to any evidence given by the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein, touching the trespass, battery, imprisonment, or other cause for which the same action, bill, plaint or suit, is or shall be The defen- brought: (4) and if the verdict shall pais with the defendant dant(ballhave or defendants in any such.action, bill, plaint or suit, or the double cosse, plaintiff or plaintiffs therein become nonsuit, or suffer any.discontinuance thereof, that in every such case the defendant or defendants shall have such double costs, and all other advantages and remedies, as ia and by the said former act is limited, directed or provided.

2r

Anno vicesimo prime Jacobs €.t$. ay*

CAP. XIII.

An act for the further reformation of jeofails*

WHereas in the two and thirtieth year of the reign of King Hen- This ail ex.

ry the Eighth, offamous memoryr, a good and prof tails kwo? to 'wr*is

intituled, An act concerning mifpleacting, jeofails, and attotoies, by

was mads and enacted: (a) and likewise another good and profitable9 Ann. c.o. law Was shade in the eighteenth year tfihe reign of our late foveriign f. 7. lady Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act For reformation of jeo-fails; (3) by which laws many delays of judgments were prevented\* h*

and pet notwithstanding 'many things have and daily do fall out, c. 330l 3n'a \ % not yet provided fory nor remedied by the lows before-mentioned: El. c. 14.

II. Be it therefore enacted by the authority of this present Godbott 18*. parliament. That if any verdict of twelve meh or more shall P|* hereafter be given for the plaintiff or demandant, or for the de- Diverf jeo-fehdatit or tenant, bailiff in assize, vouchee, pray in aid, or te- fails in suits nant by recelt, in any action, suit, bill, plaint or demand ki any of law precourt of record, the judgment thereupon shall not be flayed or ?ted j?* reversed by reason of any variance ia form only, between the \ a 16. original writ or biH, and the declaration, plaint or demand; (2) Cro. Car. 165, Or for ladt of any averment of any life or lives of aay person or89* »°3* peiibris, so as upon examination the said person be proved to be 3X. 48°* hi life; (3) or by reason that the venire facias % habeas corpora or Aleyn 64. dtjfringas is awarded to a wrong office^ upon any insufficient fuggeflio'n; (4.) or by reason the vifne is in some part mifawarded or sued out of more places, or of fewer places, than it ought to be, so as some one place be right named; (5) or by retxon that any of the jury which tried the Taid issue is misnamed, either in the fumame or addition, in any of the said writs, or in &ny return upon any of the said writs, so as upon examination it fee proved to he the same man that wes meant to be returned;

(6) or by reason thft there is ho return'upon any of the said writs, so as a panel of the names of jurors be returned and annexed to the said writ; (7) or for that the foerifftehame or other officer's name having the Tdfurn thereof, is not set to the return of any such writ, foas upon examination it be. proved that the said writ was returned by the Sheriff or under-sheriff,

orany such othft officer; (8) or by reason that the.plaintiff in an ejeifione firm*, or In any personal action or suit (being an infant under the age of one and twenty years) did appear by attorney therein and the verdict pass for him 3 any law, custom or tifkge to the contrary notwithstanding.

Ul. Pj OVided always, and be it further enacted, That this act, Certaiireafts or any thing therein contained, shall xiot extend to any writ, de- excePlcd' claration or suit of appeal of felony or murther, (2) nor to any indictment or presentment of felony, murther or treason, nor to iatty process upon any of them, (3) nor to any writ, bill, action or information upon any popular or* penal statute; anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 5 Geo. 1* c. 13-

tjz Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi, g. 14, 15. [1623.

CAP. XIV.

An act to admit the subject to plead the general issue in informations of intruftons brought on the behalf of the King's majesty, and retain his possession till trial.

Ininfonna- WHERE the King out of his prerogative royal may enforce tions ot in* y y the subject in informations ofintrufion brought against kimy to fbbiea'is all a fPecml ptsoding of his title5 The King's most excellent majesty lowed to pleadout of his gracious disposition towards his loving subjects, the general and at their numble suit being willing to remit a part of his an-ilTiie, and to cient and regal power, is well pleased that it be enacted; ' (2)^and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, the lords Inst. 116.*Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia- Jfyer ij8. ment assembled, and by the authority of the same, That when-soever the King, his heirs or successors, and such from or under whom the King claimeth, and all others claiming under the same title under which the King claimeth, hath been or shall be out of possession by the space of twenty years, or hath not or shall not have taken the profits of any lands, tenements or hereditaments, within the space of twenty years before any information of intrusion brought or to be brought, to recover the same; that in every such case the defendant or defendants, may plead the general issue, if he or they so think fit, and shall not be pressed to plead specially; (3) and that in such cases the defendant or defendants shall retain the possession he or they had at the time of such information exhibited, until the title be tried, found or adjudged for the King.

II. And be it further enacted, That where an information of intrusion may fitly and aptly be brought on the King's behalf, that no fare facias shall be brought, whereunto the subject shall be forced to a special pleacting, and be deprived of the grace intended by this act. 17 Ed. 2.fiat. t. c. 13.

CAP. XV.

An act to enable judges and justices of the peace to give refii-tution of possession in certain cases.

4 Tnft. tj6i TJ E it enacted by the authority of this present parliament, -D That such judges, justices or justice of the peace, as by rea-

possession shall be given, to avoid entries with force, in eftares for

iears, &c. -atch 183.

son of any act or acts of parliament now in force are authorized and enabled, upon enquiry, to give restitution of possession uh* to tenants of any estate of freehold, of their lands or tenements Which shallbeentred upon with force, or from them witholden by force, shall by reason of this present act have the like and the fameau-thority and ability from henceforth (upon indictment of such forcir bleefttfies, or forcible withholdings before themduly found) to give like restitution of possession unto tenants for term of years, tenant$by copyof Court-roll, guafdians byknights-service, tenants byr/^; V, statute-merchant and ffaple, of lands or tenements by them so holden, which shall be entred upon by force, of holden from them by force. 5 R{ 2JiaU 1. c, 7. 15 R. 2. c. 2. 8 H. 6. c. 9.

a73

1623, } Anno vicesimo £rimO.Jacobi, c.i6.

CAP. XVI.

An act for limitation of actions, and for avoiding of suits itt

laviy

FOR quieting of men* estatesj and avoiding of suits, be itjwritsoffor.

enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, the lords fpi- medoo shall be ritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament foed within assembled, That all writs offormedon in defender, in re- |r"r, ' minder, and formedon in reOerter, at any. time hereafter to be sued Hetley <7, 141. or brought* of or for any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, whereunto any person or persons now hath or have any title, or cause to have or pursue any such writ, shall be sued and taken within twenty years next after the end of this present fefliph of parliament: and after the said twenty years expired, no, $a]k. 4, 1, such person or persons, or any of their heirs, mail have or main- 42s, 4*3. tain any such writ, of or for any of the said manors, lands, te- nements or hereditaments j (2) and that all writs of formedtn in'defender, formedon in reminder, and formedon in reverter, of any manors, lands, tenements, or other hereditaments whatsoever, at any time hereafter to be sued or brought by occasion or means of any title or cauie hereafter happening, shall be sued and taken within twenty years next after the title and cause of action first descended or falien, and at no time after the said twenty years j (3) and that no person or persons that now hath any right or Entry into title of entry into any manors, lands, tenements or heredita- land, &c. And ments now held from him or them, shall thereinto enter, but J* "demth-within twenty years next after the end of this present fefhon of y parliament, or within twenty years next after any other title of,

*"*entry accrued j (4) and that no person or persons shall at any to

time hereafter make any entry into tfny lands, tenements or he- fin*,

reditaments, but within twenty year* next after his or their right fit* 4 M or title which shall hereafter first defcertd or accrue to the same; c* l6' 16'

and in default thereof, such persons so not entring, and their heirs, shall be utterly excluded and dUabled from such entry after to be made j any former law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided nevertheless, That if any person or persons, that infants, femes is or shall be-entitled to such unit or writs, or that hath or shall covert, have such right or title, of entry, be or shall be at the time of the excepted.

said right or title first descended, accrued, come or falien, within the Age of one and twenty years, same non compos mentis, imprisoned or beyond the ms, that then such person and per-.

- fons, and his and their heir and heirs, shall or may. notwithstanding the said twenty years.be expired, bring his ration, or make his entry, as he might have done Wore this act; (2) so as such person and persons, or his or their heir and heirs, shall within ten yean next after his and their full age, discoverture, coming of (ound mind, enlargement out of prison, or coming into this realm, or death, take benefit of and sue forth the lame*.and at no time after the said ten years.

Vou VII. T III. And

*74-

The limitation of certain personal actions. March 155. Stiles 109, 21493»-

Hut. 100. Hetley 140. Marco Y51.

1 Mod. 169*

4 Mod. 105. Carthew 136.

X Lutw. 160.

1 Saund. 37, 38. f 1M0d.89.s45. a Mod. an.

3 Mod. 311.

1 Shower 341. a Shower 116. aSalk 411, 4x4. Cro. Car. 115, 141, 160,45,95»>S>

5*3. 333-x Vera. 456. a Vera. 694,

'X

a vent. 185. 3Lev.i45,83<

x Salk. 28.

Their limit tion after judgment ot outlawry reversed.

After ftrdg^ ment or non-suit in a quart clausum tre-^it, the plaintiff is barred to renew the (hit.

Hetley 165.

Anno vtaffitttt prbno jAcofef. c. t6. [1625.

III. And be it further enacted, That all actions of trespass quart clausum fregit, all actions of trespass, detinue, action fur trover, and replevin for taking away of goods and eattk, all actions of account, and upon the case, other than such accounts as concern the trade of merchandize between merchant and merchant, their factors or servants, all adtiOnB of debt grounded upon any lending or contract without (pedalty; all addons of debt for arrearages of rent, and all actions of assault, menace, battery, wounding and imprisontnent, or any of them which shall be sued or brought at any time after the end of this present session of parliament, shall be commenced and sued within the time and limitation hereafter expressed, and not after (that is to say) (&) the raid addons upon the case (other than for (lander) and the said addons for account, and the said addons for trespass, debt, detinue and replevin for goods or cattle, and the said action of trespass quart clausum frtgit, within three years next after the end of this present session of parliament, or Within fix yean next after! die cause of such addons or suit, and not after; (3) and the said addons of trespass, of assault, battery, wounding, imprisonment or any of diem, within one year next after the end of this pre-j font session of parliament, or within four years next after the cause of such addons or fuk, and not after; (4) and the said. addons upon the case for words. Within one year after the end of this present session of parliament, or within two years next

": er the words spoken, and not after.

IV. And nevertheless be it enacted, That if in any the said actions or (bits, judgment be given for the plaintiff, and the same be reverted by error, or a verdict pass for the plaintiff', and upon matter a Hedged in anreft of judgment, the judgment be given against the plaintiff, that he take nothing by his plaint, writ or bill; or if any the said addons shall be brought by original, and the defendant therein be outlawed, and shall after reverse the outlawry; that m alt such cases die party plaintiff, his heirs, executors or administrators, as the case shall require, may commence a new action or fat*, from time to time, within a year after such judgment reverted, of such judgment ghtti against the plaintiff, or outlawry reverted, and not after.

V. And be it further enacted, That hi alt actions of trespass

quart clausum fregit, hereafter to be brought, wherein the de-

fendant or defendants shall di (claim in his or their pfoa^ to make any title or daim to the land in which the trespass is by the declaration fapposed to be done, and the trdpafs be by negligence-or involuntary, the defendant or defendants shall be admittex) tq^ plead a difdaimer, and that the trefoafe was by negligence or involuntary, and a tender or offer of fuftteient amends for such trespass before the action brought, whereupon or upon same of them, the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be enforced to join HTue; (a) and if the said issue be found for the defendant or defendants. Or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be noafaited, the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be dearly barred from the said action or actions, and all other suit concerning the same.

Anno vicesimo primo JAcoBi. c. 17. 475;

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, n anions of fThat in all anions upon the case for slanderous words, to be sued the pUitT-or prosecuted by arty person or persons in any the courts of re- tiff shall rcco-cord at Westminster, or in any courts whatsoever that hath power ver no greater to hold plea of the same, after the end of this present session of cofti than da-parliament, if the jury upon the trial of the issue in such action, or the jury that (halt esquire of the damages, do find or assess*$alk. {Qt. the damages under forty shillings, then the plaintiff or plaintiffs Cro. Car. 307. in such action shall have and recover only so much costs as the L*y» damages so given or ailefled amount unto, without any further Latch»* increase of the same; any law, statute, custom or ufcge to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That Infants, femes if any person or persons that is or shall be entituled to any such covert, &c. action of trespass, detinue, action fur trover, replevin, actions CX^P*of accounts, actions of debts, actions of trespass for assault, me- £ , 7", nace, battery, wounding or imprisonment, actions upon the 9.case for words, be or shall be at the time of any such cause of action given or accrued, fallen or come, within the age of twenty-one years, same covert, non compos mentis, imprisoned or be- x Sid. 453. yond the Teas; that then such person or persons shall be at liberty to bring the same actions, so as they take the same within % Mod. 71. such times as are before limited, after their coming to or being of full age, discovert, of fane memory, at large, and returned from beyond the seas, as other persons having no such impediment should have done. 20 H. 3. c. 8. 3 Ed. 1. c. 39. 32 H. 8. c. 2. i Ms. 1. Sejf. 2. c. 5.

CAP. XVII.

An act against usury.

WHEREAS tst this time there is a very great abatement in the None shall

value Of land* and other the merchandizes, wares and com- take ^oye the modities of this kingdom, both at home, and also in foreign parts whi- pounds for 4e ther they are transported; (2) and whereas divers subjects of this king- loan of an dom, as well the gentry as merchants, farmers and tradefmeny both for hundred their urgent andnecessary occafms for the following their trades, main- P°uml* for a tenance of their flocks and employments, have borrowed, and do borrow stat.au

divers sums of money, wares, merchandizes and other commodities; (3) c. 16. but by reason of the said general fall and abatement of the value of land, and the prices of the said merchandize, wares and commodities, and interest in loan continuing at so high a rate as ten pounds in the hundred pounds for a year % doth not only make men unable to pay their debts, and continue the maintenance of tradey but their debts daily in-creaftngj they are enforced to fell their lands and flocks at very low rates, to forsake the use of merchandize and trade, and to give over their Icafes and farms, and so become unprofitable members of the cm -niotiwealthj to the great hurt and hinderance of the same:

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, the lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament assembled. That no person or persons whatsoever, from and after the four and twentieth day of June, which

iy6 Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi. c.i/J [1623.

shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred twen ty and five, upon any contract to be made after the said four and twentieth day of June, shall take directly or indirectly, for loan of any monies, wares, merchandize or other commodities whatsoever, above the value of eight pounds for the forbearance of one hundred pounds for a year, and so after that rate for a greater'or lesser sum, or for a longer or shorter time; £2) and that all bonds, contracts and assurances whatsoever made after the time aforesaid, for payment of any principal or money to be lent or covenacted to be performed, upon or for any usury, whereupon or whereby there shall be reserved or taken above the rate of eight pounds in the hundred as aforesaid, shall be utterly void; (3) and that all and every person and persons whatsoever, which mall after the time aforesaid, upon any contract to be made after the said four and twentieth day of June, which shall be in the year of our Lord 1625. take, accept and receive, by way or means of any corrupt bargain, loan, exchange, chevisance, (hist or interest of any wares, merchandize or-other thing or things whatsoever, or by any deceitful way or means, or by any covin, engine or deceitful conveyance, for the forbearing or giving day of payment for one whole year, of and for their money or other thing, above the sum of eight pounds for the forbearing of one hundred pounds for a year, and so after that rate for a teller or

fgreater sum, or for a longer or shorter time, shall forfeit and ofe for every such offence the treble value of the monies, wares, merchandizes and other things so lent, bargained, fold, exchanged or shifted.

A ferivener

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That that takes a- all and every ferivener and feriveners, broker and brokers, foil — bove the rate citor and solicitors, driver and drivers of bargains for contracts, fe th f w ^a^er twenty-fourth day of June^ which shall

in the year of our Lord 1625. take or receive, directly or ih-year, " or a- directly, any sum or sums of money, or other reward or thing bove i*d. for for brQcage, soliciting, driving or procuring the loan or forbear-T fCng any sum or sums of money, over or above the rate or va-

shall forfeit )ue ^ve Shillings for the loan or forbearing of one hundred ao|. and im- pounds for a year, and so ratably, or above twelve pence for prisonment making or renewing of the bond or bill for the loan, or for-for half a year, bearing thereof, or for any counter bond or bill concerning the same, shall forfeit for every such offence twenty pounds, and have imprisonment for half a year; (2) the one moiety.of all which forfeitures to be to the King our sovereign lord, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that* will sue for the same in the same county where the several offences are committed, and not elsewhere, by action of debt, bill, plaint or Information, in which no essoin, wager of law or protection to be allowed. '

The contmu- IV. Thisict^to continue for the space of seven years from iit ct this the said four'and twentieth day of June, which shall be in the year of our Lord 1625. and so \o the end of the fir(t session of parliament then next following.

1623.] Anno viceliipo primo Jacobi. c.i$. 277

V. Provided, That no words in this law contained shall be The practice -construed or expounded to allow the practice of usury in point dliaI'

of religion or conscience. Made perpetual by 3 Car. 1. r.4. / 5.

2 H. 3. c. 5. 3 H. 7. c. 6. 11 H. 7. f. 8. 37 H. 8. c. o. 5 & f> Ed. 6s c. 20. 13 A/, a 8.

CAP. XVIII. tfS /er cantinuanct of a farmer act made in the fourth year of the King's majestfs reign of England, &c. intituled,

An act for the true making woolen clothes, and for some additions and alterations in and to the same.

WHEREAS in the fourth year of the reign of our sovereign lord The statute of the King's majesty that now is* there was amongst other* an act Jac. c. 2. made and intitule, 4. An act for the true making of woolen clothes, inwrt which in and by the said act is to continue in force and effect but unto altered. 1 the end of fhefirfl session of the then next parliament: forasmuch as the find ad ts found by experience to be very necessary* expedient and beneficial for toe commonwealth* both in the providing for the several and respective lengths\ breadths and weight of the several forts ofwoolen slothes mentioned in toe said statute, as also in the avoiding the mixture of flocks* thrums* and other deceivable things in the making of woolen flothes, saving in those points whereunto the additions and alterations in this present act do extend.: (2)' be it therefore enacted by the au- khority or this present parliament. That the same act above re* jnembred, and all and every the branches* clauses and provisions in the same contained, and which are not in this present act altered, repealed, discontinued or enlarged, shall continue pod be from henceforth in full force and effect, until the end of the first session of the next parliament.

llf And whereas in and by the aforesaid act it was amongst other things enacted and provided, That it should or might be lawful to and for any person and persons lawfully exercising the trade or art of a clothier or making of clothe; , to make flocks, thrums and lambs wool into cloth of one only kind or makings which should contain in lengthy being throughly wet* between twelve and thirteen such yards and inches as in the said statute had been mentioned and in breadth one yard at the least within the lifts* and being clean fcowred, thieked, milled and fully dried,

should weigh fifteen pounds the piece at the least; (2) be it enacted The clause of by the authority of this present parliament, Tharthe said clause 4 J*c. 1. c. 'or provision for the making of flocks, thrums, and lambs wool m£Sring ot into cloth, shall be from henceforth discontinued, or repealed thrums &f.° and void; (3) and further* whereas since the making of the said act* into doth, re-many ili-disposed persons for the\r own private gain and lucre, and in pealed. deceit of the buyers ofcloth, and to the discredit and difer editing of good cloth, have used to mix and put flocks and thrums, and also noises and hairs, and other deceivable things* into* within and upon the broad woolen clothes mentioned in the said afi\ which said broad woolen clothes be of far greater length* breadth and estimation, than be those clothes whereinto the said flocksf thrums and iambs wool in and by the said act have been permitted to be put into s and by the means of mixing wd putting in or upon such broad tlotbcs* of the said flocks* noiles*

T 3 thrums*

pounds.

Searchers of doth may enter into any iiiet

__________iv-

able cloth.

278 Anno viccfimoprimo Jacobi, c i8. [i foj*

thrums, hair and other deceivable things, into and within or upon the said broad woolen clothes, the said broad woolen clothes be much abused and discredited, and the buy ere of such broad woolen clothes cozened^ deceived and abused: '

He that puts III. For reformation of which foresaid wrongs, abides and thrums, See. misdemeanors, be it enacted by the King's most excellent* ma-foi?ett°five a jesty* the lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefen t parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from henceforth no person or persons shall mix or put any flocks, nodes, thrums, hair, or other deceivable thing or things, or any yarn made of the said deceivable thing or things, into, within or upon any broad woolen cloth or clothe*, upon pain to forfeit only five pounds and no more, for every such broad woolen doth, into, within or upon which any such flocks, nodes, thrums, hair, or any other deceivable thing or things shall be put into or used; the said forfeiture to be to the use of the poor of the parish where such deceivable cloth shall be made.

IV. And for the better finding out of every such deceivable thing and things mixed or put into or upon, or to be mixed or put into or upon, any broad woolen cloth or clothes, contrary find died?-to°* tnic m€an*ng of this law; (2) be it further enacted by n the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to ana

for any the pverfeer or overseers, searcher or searchers of cloth, of or within the several parish or parishes, or town or city where such deceivable cloth or clothes shall be made, or fofpected to be made, from rime to time to enter into any the house or houses, (hops, mill or mills, chambers or other rooms of any clothier, or person or persons suspected to have made any such deceivable broad woolen cloth, to view, search and fee all or any their woolen cloth or clothes, and the mixture of their wools for clothes to ^&\ceiofQTt (3) and also it shall be lawful for any two or more

peace may justices of the peace within the county, or within the city, bo-grant their rough or town corporate, where such deceivable doth shall be warrant to made, or suspected to be made, upon information of complaint them an°per- ?ny^ overseer or overseers, searcher or searchers, of fon7ufpe£Ud" any cither, of their knowledge or suspicion of any such offence, to grant their warrant to calf before them any person or persons whatsoever that shall be thought in their difefetions fit to dHeaver any such offence, (4) and to examine upon oath such person or persons for the trial and better finding out of the offence aforesaid; and if upon such examinations it shall be found by testimony of two witnesses or more, or by the confession 01 the party or parties' offending, that any such offence or offences have been committed, as aforesaid, then the party or parties that shall so confess his or their said offence or offences, pr who shall be found to have offended, and shall remain convicted of such his or their offence or offences: (j) and that then it shall and may be lawful for the said two justices to certify such offence or offences unto the church-wardens and overseers (for the time being) of the poor of the parish dr parishes where such deceivable cloth or clothes shall be made, under the hands and seals of the said justices.

for making deceivable doth.

16?3.] Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi. c. 18. 279

V. And be it ferther coasted by the authority aforesaid, That Upon certifi-imnsfdiately from and after such certificate shall be delivered to jj»te of, the fanny of thp church-wardens pod oyerfeere of the poor of any pa-rim or parishes where such offender or offenders shall dwell, and »; a«l for Warrant by them made to the said overseers and church-wardens, making of de-lor the levying of the said forfeiture, it shall and may be lawful ceivable cloth, to oq4 for the (fad cpprch-wardens and overseers for the time ^J^enr&c. befog, «r any of them, or for the successor or successors of them shall levy the* the Bid ehifrfh-wardans and overseers, to levy the sum or sums forfeiture, of money which by the said certificate and warrant shall appear to be forfeited* by way of distress and foie of the offender's goods,

endring to the party so offending the overplus which shall arise by the &le of such goods, more than the forfeiture for such offence or offences shall amount unto: (2) and in defeat of such distress, i| shall be lawful to and for the said two justices of peace In default of to commit the party or parties so certified to have offended to the distress, the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize until kT*

payment mall he made of the said sum or sums so forfeited* to committed to the said church-wardens and overseers, or some or one of them, the common to the uses aforesaid, who shall yearly be accountable for such S401-sum or fume so received and levied, at such times and in such manner as the said church-wardens and overseers are to account for other monies which they are to collect to the use of the poor,

by force of an act of parliament made in the three and fortieth year of the reign of the late Queeri Eliza: (3) and that if 43 Elk. c. >. may adipn or gdipcw (bast gt any tiipe of times hereafter happen |« be brought or commenced agaipft any person or persons, for talcing -of such difirefs or difireUes, or for or about any matter or thing concerning the same; that then it shall and may be lawful to and for every foeh person or persons agaipft whom such sfeps or ad ions M be brought or commenced, to plead the general issue, and to give ip evidence, and to be allowed double Theo*eer beheads in every Helped and degree, as in and by the statute of the }*Jl

fom)th year of the King's Majesty's reign of England that no, w pie»d<tl»e ge? ja, intituled, An act for ease in pleading against and con- nerslissue, &p. tminus frits profeciftedagatnji justices of the and recover

/tfd terrain others his Majestfs officers, for the lawful execution of do.^le cost*

their office, is already provided and eoacted, '*' s'

VI. And: whereas divers clothiers be and are of late time much troubled and grieved by and with several aulnegers atfd

viewers, of clothes, ytke after that clothes have been searched, viewed

land fealid by the searchers and overseers of the several parish and pa-

: rijbts where fifthchtb and clothes have been made, and cdfo by the'

King's arineger of cloth, or by his deputy, do nevertheless for their own

gain and hurt review or search again the same clothes, to the great r trouble, disturbame and hindrance of the fad clothiers, the loss of their snarket and sale of their cloth, although towards the end or conclusion of the said act of the fostrihyear of the Kings majesty's reign Eng- 4, jap.c, a,

land that now is, aforesaid, it is mentioned, that after Jach cloth be once lawfully searched, and lawfully fealtd, the same be not compelled

so be further viewed, fearthed, measured or feased;

zSq Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi. c.iSr'.$1623.

VII. Be it therefore likewise enacted by the autlfority aforesaid, That the said overseers and searchers authorized by thefeid last mentioned statute, or by any former act, to search. View and weigh any of the said clothes for the lengths, breadth and Weight of the said clothes, shall and may certify the same'by their feate affixed to such clothes, and with the y/drdjbulty thereon stamp-The/carfbe{' ed, (If there be cause) and that tione of the said clothes being &c. Chth al- forcperly searched, viewed, weighed and sealed by the said over-read v search- seers and searchers of the parish, tpwn or place, where the said <ed, &c. shall cloths shall be made, shall afterwards be viewedj searched or forfek five weighed by any other person or persons, officer or officers whatv 4<Jac?i". c a. soever; contrary to the said statute made in thfc skid'foqrth year '*' ' of his Majesty's reign; (2)upon pain-of forfeiture of five pounds to the party grieyed, who shall and may sue for and recover the same by bill, plain): or information, at dr in the general quafter-sessions of the peace to be holden for the county, city or town corporate wherein such* offence shall be committed, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege or wager of law shall be allowed.

All woolen

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the all-cloths shall be thority of this prefetit parliament, 'that act and all manner befor^ the&be w00^erl of what nature, kind or name foevfcr they be or

foId.rC Cy*shall be of, to be woven in any city or town corporate Withih 'the realm of England or dominion of Wale*, from and after forty days next after the end of this present session of parliament, mall be searched, tried and foaled, by the feveFal and respeAfce overseers of cloth, appointed or to be appointed of or for the cities and towijs corporate, or of or for some of the plates or bd-rifoes in them, where the same cloths (tail be woven, before such cloths shall be sold, or offered WtefokL The meafore

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority of this present of tenters for parliament, That from and after forty days hfcft after the end of cloths madein this present session of parliament, no tehtdr-otf tenters for bdoft} Yorkshire» cloths to be made within the cohttty of Yotki to be sold; '4ndl have, or shall or may be allowed any farther chafe <or liberty ibr or to the under bar of such tenter or tenters, than only half a quarter of a yard at the mod: (2) and that no tenter or tenters for narrow ploths to be made within the said county of York, to be sold, shall have or shall or may be allowed any further dhafe or liberty for or to the under bar of such tenter or tenters, ' than Searchers shall ?nty a half quarter of a yard at the most: (3) and that

make search the overfpers and searchers of cloth, or any of them, appointed of tenters in or to be appointed within the feveFal-and respective parishes Yorkshire. within the said county of York, shall, upon the penalties of their 39 Ehz. c. 20/ recogn}Z3nCes taken or to be taken by virtue of the statute made*in the nine and thirtieth- year of the feign of the late Queen Elizabeth, or of any other statute, make due search and view of - # the tenters to be uted in the aforesaid county of York: (4) and

if they or any of them shall happen to find any tenter or tenters used contrary to the true meaning of this act, that then they

Anno viceShio 'ptitfio Jacobi, c. i 8.'>g j

rfhaft forthwith deface, of cause to be defaced, such tenter or (enter*.1

X. And be k farther enacted, That if any person or persons The party of whose tenter or tenter* hath been or shall be once defaced, fen4'ngtbe shall eftfoona offend contrary to the true meaning of this for°ha»ing a act, that then such person or persons so offending shall for tenter con.'every his or their offence contrary to the true meaning of this trary to rtn> act, forfeit and lese the sum of forty shillings of: 'good and law- for".

ful money of England, to such uses and beh oofs, and to be lc- w°-s# wied and recovered in such manner and form, and by such means,

<to all intends and purposes, as before in and by this present act it is limited., appointed and enacted, for the Aim or forfeiture of five pounds to the use of the poor, in this act befdrer*

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority of this pine- Every over-

font parliament. That every overseer of cloth appointed by lh'th any former law now in force, -to fix unto any kind of cloths ^me upoJ? a leal of lead, shall from and after forty days next after the end the seal of the of this present session of parliament, upon the penalty of their doth, respective recognizance taken- or to be taken by virtue of the 39 Eli*«c* 'said-statute made in the nine and thirtieth year of the reign of the said Queen Bbzabeth, or of any other statute, engrave or A

let, or cauft to be' engraved or set^ m and upon every: of their -Terspective ftials of lead, which they shall fix unto any cloth by them respectively to be sealed, his or their, christian and surname)and that no cloth or cloths to be sealed with any seal.of lead which shall want such engraving or print, as aforesaid, shall bertaketl or allowed to be fumciently^sealed, within the comp&fe of arty former law orilatute.(2) and furthermore whereas of late years divers fubtilI ayd, naughty means and devices have been invented and prafttfedfor the pressing of woolen cloth of

fill forts, by heating of thick boards or planks^ andlaying 'the same \ under and> above the cloth in the cold prefer and also by putting of.thip or ceiling-boards and paste-boards, being made. very hot, into the ' cuttles'or plates of cloths, and then prefenily putting the same into a cold prefix and by divers other cunning Jleights and inventions, by tphkh deceitful pratiifes and devices the Shopmen pr buyers gf the r woolen cloth of this kingdom are deceived and greatly wronged, and the woolen cloth of this kingdom it self is disgraced, and held and reputed very deceitful, to the greatprejudice and scandal of the cloth of

this kingdom: (3) be it further enacted by the authority of this Pressing of present parliament. That all and every the pressing of any kind doths between or fort of woolen cloths by or with such subtil and deceitful means as aforesaid, or by or with any other, the like subtil or ni{hed with deceitful means or device, by or "with any heat of fire, which like forfeiture shall be used or practised at any time or times after the end of* pressing this present session of parliament, shall be taken and shall be a

f expounded and adjudged to be pressing with a hot press, and no s* shall be punished and punishable- with the like forfeitures^ and in like lort, to all intents and.purposes, as the pressing with the liot press is punish^ble by any former law of statute.

2rSa Anno viodsimo pHiw Jacobi* c,9*.

[1A33.

/ j»*XII. And be it further eyia&ed by «fce WthnPtsr aforesaid*

' - ( That all penalties and forfeitures for want of length, breadth*

rand weight of doth or cloths limited by S«y former act now in force, or by this present «&, As!) hadlftribvted into three t- equal parts, whereof one third part ftwJl hegpfo the said pverfeeps wwiree tarts, and searchers finding and certifying the said default of length, f&tPh.&M. breadth and weight, as aforesaid, to he recovered by them at c. j. or in the general qusrter-feflioris of the peace to he hojdpq for

ajEliz. c. 17. the county, city or town corporate, where the og; nec, therein jjEliz. c. 7&9*shall happen to he done or committed* byfldUon of debt, bill* J3Jac I.c.? P12* or information, wherein no efloln, prote#ioA« privilege,

'or wager of law. shall be allowed: (2) and the otbqr parts there-

of (hu.be unto the poor of the parish where the &d clpth or cloths shall be made, to be levied by way of distress, and ftfe of the offenders goods in default of suffictctU diffrefe, rendpng to the party the overplus, by the churchwardens, and ove>f«et» of the poor of every such parish, front time to dme rerpedlively, (wh^ch Aid church-wardens and overseers are iq such manner to account fin- the same, as for any other Aims /which ate by them to be coikdted to the use of the poor, by force of the Add Aatute made in the forefiud three and fortieth year of the reign«Eliz. c. a. of the kid late Queen, are by them to be leviw and accounted for;,) the said former act or any other act to the contrary so any wise notwithstanding. (3) This act tjp continue till the end of the first session of the next parliament. 3 Gar. 1. e,

Centinued until the end of the first of the next parliament, end

ip 16 Car., u c, farther continued. 5 Ed. 6. c. (x.

P- id ML- c. 5. .8 EL n 12... 27 El. t. 17. 35. EL id f.

43 El. e.jo* 4-Jot-1. c. 2. 13 id 14 Car, a. t. 3*.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for the further Description of a Bankrupt, and Relief of Creditors against such as shall become Bankrupts, and for inflicting corporal Punishment upon the Bankrupts in some special Cases.

Lam made Tj'Orafenuch at daily experience that the number cud

against bank- F multitude of banhupto do increase mere and mere, and olfi the rupts shall b*frauds and deceits invented and

construed ifor f^e penalties of Lsws in made, and the re-

iki creditor*. meb b them provided: (2) and for that divers defers are daily found 3+ & 3 j H- I in the former fames made against, both in the

c- f-. tion of a bankrupt, as also in the power.given the commisfteners for

£ Jac Cc dsftovery (W*d distributing the bankrupt's eftaie, the great

5 'Gcofi. % 30! coftragement of evil-minded persons, the hindrance of traffick and

sy Geo^. c. 3a. merer, the great decay, overthrew and undoing of many, b

whom ntany thousands of the natural-born of tins from time to time in all parts of this kingdom tit on war I all which do tend to the general hurt of this realm: (3) for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament

1623.] Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi, c. 19. 83

assembled, and by the authority of the same, That al!

2nd Angular the aforesaid statutes and laws heretofore made against bankrupts, and for relief of creditors, shall be in all things largely and beneficially construed and expounded for the aid, help and relief of the creditors of such person or persons as already be or hereafter shall become bankrupt:

II. And that all and every person or persons, using or that who shall be shall use the trade of mcrcnandize, by way of bargaining, dewncda exchange, bartering, chevisance or otherwise, in grols or by ^knipt.^retail 5 fa) or seeking his or her living by buying and selling;

(3) or that shall use the trade or profession or aTcrivener, rt- ^Axmr, ng other mens monies or estates into his trust or custody 5 c. 1$. 1*. 1.

(4) who at any time after the end of this present session of parliament, shall either by himself or others by his procurement, 'obtain any proteduon or protestions, other than fuctj person or persons as shall be lawfully protected by the privilege r* of parliament; (5) or shall prefer or exhibit unto his Majesty, his heirs or fufcceflors, or unto any of the King's courts, any 1 Show. 51 j. petition or petitions, bill or bills against his or her creditor or creditors of any of them, thereby desiring or endeavouring to compel or enforce them Or kny of them to accept lejTs than their just and principal debts, or to procure time or longer days Of payment than was given at the time of their original con-grafts j (6) Or being indebted to person or perform in the Skin. 170. Sum of one hundred* pounds or more, (haD not pay pr other- I?9: wife compound for the same within six months next after the 2^'caC8 A jfame shall grow due, and the debtor be arrested for the same, '

(7) or within six months after ao original writ sued put to recover the said debt, aijd notice thereof given unto him or left in writing at his or their dwelling-hpufe or last place of abode; or*being arrested for debt, shall after his or her arrest He in prison two months or more, upon that or any other arrest or detep-tion in prison for debt; (8) or being arrested for the fom one hundred pounds or more of just debt or debts, shall at any time after such arrest escape out of prison or procure his' enlargement by putting in common or hired bail; (o) shall be accounted and adjudged a bankrupt to all intents and purpose$;

(10) and in the said cases of arrests or lying in prison for such debt or debts, or getting forth by common or hired bail, from the time of his pr her said 'first arrest.

III. And be "it further enacted by the authority of this pre- Commissioit, lent parliament, that the like commissions, oraers, benefits order*, &c. and remedies which are and be provided and limited by the provided by said former acts of parliament, made in the thirteenth year j fc'£, of the late Queen Elizabeth, and in the first year of the reign shall be pur-5* of our sovereign lord the King's majesty, against any bankrupts sued against in them or either of them described, or for or concerning him that is def-his, her or their lands, tenements, hereditaments, fees, an- ^bamlcrnTb nuities, offices, goods, chattels, wares, merchandize, and thUac!*debts or any of them, shall and may be had, puriued, taken and expounded, against such person and persons as are herein and

z8+. Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi.

[1623.

hereby declared, described or expressed to be bankrupts, and against his* her and their lands, tenements, hereditaments, fees, annuities, offices, goods, chattels, wares, merchandize and debts, in such manner and form as the same ought and might have been, if the persons herein declared, described or expressed to be bankrupts, had been by the said statutes or either of then) described to be bankrupts, to all intents and purposes whatsover.

Orders, &c. iy. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the same orders, bene^ts and remedies, which are and be bepmfued provided and limited by this present act against any bank-a^hfthinf rupts, in of by this a#'declared, described or expressed to

that i* def- be bankrupts, or for or concerning his, ber. or their lands,

fcnbedtobe tenements, hereditaments, fees, annuities, offices, goods,

1 lEiizIcfl& jwares, merchandises ^nd debts pr any of then* or

1 Jac. ?. c/i5.he difcpvery of them or any of them, shall from henceforth be had, pursued, taken and expounded against such perfop and; persons as are declared or expressed to be bankrupts by the said former acts of parliament or either of them, and against his, her and their lands, tenettienfs^. hereditaments, fees, annuities, offices, gpods, chattels, wares, merchandizes and debts, in such manner and form as the same ought and might have'bseen, if the persons in the fprnjer statutes or either of them, described to be bankrupts, ' had been mentioned and described, x to be bankrupts inland by this present act.

Whereas by thi forrrier laws, the coinmjfmers appointed

have power so examine tpe, bankrupt himfff, '.ondjuck person or persons as are JufpeRed to have or detain any of the tslate, goods or chattels of the bankrupts \ "but some doubt hath been made, whether the commissioners' have power to examine the wives of the bankrupts touching the: same, bjjeafon whereof the bankrupts wives do daily conceal and convey away, (infcayfe to be, conveyed away, much part of their husbanis monies, ' wares, goods, merchandize and other estate, to person or persons unknown to any but such wives, by reason whereof much of the bankrupts estate, is concealed and detained from the creditors/' V. j!'.

The bank-

VI. For during the refore the said doubt, apd avoiding the rapt's wife inconveniencies aforesaid, be* it declared and enacted by the

may be ex- authority aforesaid, That after such time as any perfori shall

c^missioners6^ of executing the said commission, of 1 Wms. 610, the greater part of them, be lawfully adjudged or declared to 6tx.*be a bankrupt, the said of executing such commifr lion shall have power and authority to examine upon oath the wife and wive? of all and every such bankrupt, for the .'finding out and discovery of the estate and estates, goods and

chattels of such bankrupt or bankrupts, concealed, kept or disposed of by such wife or wives, in their own persons, or by their own aft or means, or by any other person or persons $ (2) and that (he and they, ' the said wife and wives, shall in-fur such danger apd penalty for not coming before the said

r$23*l Anno Vicesimo prhno Jacobi.1 c.tg'. 485

of, or for refuting'to be fworri and examined, of for not disclosing the truth upon her or their examination or examinations, as in and by the said former laws or either of them is already made and provided against any other person or persons in like cases. '

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The bankrupt That if any bankrupt shall upon his or her examination of ex- that fraudu-aminations, to be taken before the said of eXe-

curing the said commission, be found fraudulently or' deceit- or rendereth$*

fully to have conveyed away his of her goods, chattels, lands, notfome just

tenements, offices, fees, rents or annuities, or other' estate "afon why

or any part thereof, to the value of twenty pounds or above, to the end and purpose to hinder the execution of this statute

or of any other the aforesaid statutes, or thereby to defraud, upon the mU

delay or hinder his or her creditors of the same, and shall' lory, and lose

not upon his or her examination discover unto the said com- oueofiroear*.

missioners, and (if it lie in his or her power) deliver unto

the said of all 'that estate, goods and chattels so*

fraudulently and deceitfully conveyed away as aforesaid, or by him or her, his or her means, kept and detained from the said of, or that cannot make it appear unto the said of, that he or she hath sustainechfoirie casual

loss, whereby he or she is disabled to pay what he or she then'

owed, shall or may be indicted for such fraud or abuse at the

assizes or general sessions to be hofden before the judges of assize, or justices of the peace of the county or place where he or she shall become bankrupt:

(2) and if upon such indictment or indictments the bankrupt be thereof convicted, he or she so convicted shall be set upon the pillory in some publick place for the space of two hours, and have one of his or her ears nailed to the pillory and cut off.

VIII. And for that some doubt is' conceived^ u/hither the com-^hecommif-missioners in case of refinance have power by the former laws to break fioner* may*open, or cause to he broken open, the' house or houses. of such bank- break open rupts, which if they have noty the remedies by the former laws rilcban^ruPt fiven will be to little effect: (2) be it therefore enacted, That000"*

in execution of the said commission, it' shall be lawful to and for the said of or the greater part of them, or any other person or persons, officer or officers, by them; or the 'greater part of them to be deputed and appointed by their warrant or warrants under their hands and seals, to break open the house or houses, chambers, (hops, ware-houses, doors, trunks or chests of the said bankrupt, where the said bankrupt or any of his or her goods or estate shall be or reputed to be, and to seize upon and order the body; goods, chattels, ready money and other estate of such bankrupt, as by the said formdr laws are limited and appointed, whether it be by imprisonment of his or her body or otherwise, as to the said of or the greater part of th?m shall be thought meet.

&6 Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi.

The bank-

IX. And for the better division and distribution of the Iandsf ftPll bc°°fe teoements> hereditaments, goods, chattels and! other estate of ably divided, bankrupt to and amongst his or her creditors; (2) be it notwithstand- enacted, That the of, or the greatest part of them, ing any judg- shall and may examine upon oath or by any other ways or Stance^!' means 26 to "KK Audi seem meet, any person or persons, for" fa finding out and discovery of the truth and certainty

of the several debts due and owing to all such creditor and creditors as shall seek relief by such course of commission to be sued forth as aforesaid: (.3) and that all and every creditor and creditors having security for his or their several debts, by judgment, statute, recognizance, specialty with penalty or without penalty, or other security, or having no security, or having made attachments in London, or any other place, by virtue of any custom there used, of the goods and chattels of any such bankrupt, whereof there is no execution or extent served and executed upon any the lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods, chattels and other estate of such bankrupts, before such time as he or she shall oc do become bankrupt, shall not be relieved upon any such judgment, statute, recognizance, specialty, attachments or other security for any more than a rateable part of their just and due debts, with the other creditors of the said bankrupt, without respect to any such penalty or greater sum contained in any such judgment, statute, recognizance, specialty with penalty, attachment or other* security.

The commis- X. And be it further efta&ed. That if it shall happen, any sioners may the lands, tenements, goods, chattels, debts or other estate' proceed when of any bankrupt, to be extended after such time as he or she' f is become a bankrupt, by any person x>r persons, under folour

inake^himself or pretence of his or their being an accountant, or any way accountant indebted unto our sovereign lord the King's majesty, his heirs t6 the King, or successors, that then it shall be lawful to and for the said of to examine upon oath, whether the said debt were due to such debtor or accountant, upon any bargain or contract originally made betwixt such accountant and the said bankrupt, the said debtor or accountant and his or their servants: (2) and if such bargain or contract was originally made to and with any other person or persons than the said debtor or accountant, or for the use and trust of any other person or persons, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of or the greater part of them, to order and dispose of all such lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods, chattels and debts, so extended as aforesaid, to and for the use of the creditors which shall seek relief by, the said commission; (3) and that the order and disposition of the said of or the greater part of them shall be good and available ag^inst the said extent, and against all persons claiming from, by or under the said extent; (4) and that such person and persons to whom the said lands, tenements, goods and chattels so extended.

1623.] Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi. c. 19, 2.Uy

ed, shall be bargained, (bid, granted at assigned by the commissionen aforesaid or the greater part of them, shall hare good remedy to barb, demand and recover the same against foeh per* fan and peHons who shall detain the same: (5) And that it ofttn falls eatt that many persans infare they become. bankrupts, dt

convey their geeds to ether men upen geed yetJHU

keep the fames and are reputed toe earners thereof, and di/pose the farm at their earn:

XI. Be it etuded, That if at any time hereafter any period Good* in the

or persons shall become bankrupt, and at inch time as they possession, shall so became bankrupt Stall by the content and permit- of the bank-lion of the true owner and proprietary have in their pooession, M»hi* order and disposidon, any goods or chattels, whereof they debts, not-shall be reputed owners, and take upon them the iUe, altera- withstanding lion or difoofirion as owners, that in every such Case the any so*"-said of or the greater part of them mail have power.*

to sell and dispose the same, to and for the benefit of the^3*

creditors which shall feck relief by the said commifiton, as Ryan v. Rolt, fully as any other part of the estate of the bankrupt: (2) and j" Chan, by for the better payment of debts and discouraging men to be-

C0*?^n*P*: , three chiefs.

XII. Be it further enacted, That the said of A m of the or (he mater number of them shall have power by virtue of intailed lands this am, by deed indented and inrolled within fix. months of the bahk-afttr the making thereof, in some of his Majesty* courts of record at Westminster, to grant, batgain, sell and convey any 8°°a* manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, whereof any bankrupt is or shall be in any ways seised of any estate in tail, in possession, reversion or remainder, mid whereof no reversion or remainder is or shall be in the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, of the gift orprovision of his Majesty, his pro-

i'enitors, his heirs or succesibn, to any person or persons, or the relief and benefit of the creditors of all such bankrupts j

(2) and that all and every such grants, bargains, fates and conveyances, shall be good and available in (he law to such person or persons and their heirs, against the said bankrupts, and against all and every the i (files of the body of such bankrupts, and against all and every person and persons claiming any estate, right, title or interest, by, from, or under the said bankrupts, after such time as such person shall become bankrupt, and against all and every other person and persons' whatsoever, whom the said bankrupt by common recovery, or other Ways or means might cut on or debar from any remainder, reversion, rent, profit, tide or possibility, into or out of any the said manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments.

Xlir. And be it further enacted, That if any person that Conditional how is or hereafter shall become a bankrupt, have heretofore estate* granted granted, conveyed or ftflured, or shall at any time hereafter bf*)*eank-grant, convey or allure, any lands, tenements, hereditaments, tnPtnwy

goods,

redeemed by the of.

The commit* £on shall be lifted forth t within five ' years.

Stnuigers shall take advantage of this and all other laws again (I bankrupts.

None shall profanely (Wear orcurfe. x9 Geo. 2. c.si.

He that profanely curfeth or sweareth shall forfeit -

Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi. cao.\

goods, chattels, or other estate, unto any perfoit of persons, tipon condition, or power of redemption at a day to come, by payment of money or otherwise? That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said commissioners or the greater, part of them, before the time of the performance o? such condition, to assign and appoint under their hands and seals such person or penons they, shall think (it, to make tender or payment of money, or other performance, according to the nature of such condition, as fully as the bankrupt might' have done; (2) and that the find of, or the greater, part of them, shall after such tender, payment or performance, have power to sell and dispose of such lands, tenements^ hereditaments, goods and chattels, and other estates so granted, conveyed or allured upon condition, to and for the benefit of the creditors* as fully as they may sell or dispose of any the estate of the bankrupt.

XIV. Provided further, That no purchaser for good andr valuable consideration shall be impeached by virtue of this adty or any other act heretofore made against bankrupts, unless the commission to prove him or her a bankrupt be sued forth* against such bankrupt within five years after he or she shall be* come a bankrupt.

XV. Provided further, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act and all other acte of parliament heretofore made against bankrupts, shall extend to ft rangers born, as well aliens as denizens, as effectually as to the nar tural-born subjects, both to make them subject to the laws as bankrupts, as also to make them capable of the benefit or contribution as creditors by those laws. 13 1st 14 Gar, 2v tap. 24.

CAP. XX.

An act to prevent and reform profane swearing and cursing.

FORASMUCH as all profane swearing and curfrng is so?* hidden by the word of God; be it therefore enacted by the authority or this present parliament, That no. person or persons shall from henceforth profanely swear or curse: (2) and that if any person or persons shall at any time or times hereafter offend herein, either in the hearing of any justice of peace of the county, or of any mayor, justice of peace, bailiff or head officer of any city or town oprporate, where such offence is or shall be committed, or shall thereof be convicted by the oaths of two witnesses, or by confession of the party, oefore any such justice of peace of the county, or head officer or justide of the peace in the city or town corporate where such offence is or shall be committed, to which end every justice of peace and every such head officer shall have power by this act to minister the same oath*; That thea every such offender shall for every time so offending forfeit and pay to the use of the poor of that parish where the same offence

K&3.] Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi. c. 2t; 489-

is or shall be committed, the Turn of twelve pence: (3) and k nid.tothfettfe

shall also be; lawful for the oonftabltj churchwardens and over- ".the P9of-.

seers of the poor of that parish, by warrant from such jufooc &ce^"i j*

of the peace or head officer, td levy the same sum and sums the said forfei-

of money by distrefe and fele of the offenders goods, rendring tore.

to the party the overplus: (4) and indefaft of such- difoefe^6^ 4*

the offender if he or she be above the age of twelve years.

shall by warrant - from such justice of the peace-or head officer

be set tn the stocks by three whole hours, but if the offender

be under the age of twelve years4 and shall not forthwith pay

the fiud Aim of twelve pence, then he or she by -warrant of- such j \

justice of peace or.head officer* ftudlbe whipped by the con-

liable, or by the parent or masterin Ids prefrnce.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any such - offender -flie oilicir ! t-shall commence any suit in law against afiy officer or other ing faedthaif for such distraining, sale of goods* whirring or letting in the 5*" ftoclcs, the defendant or defendants.may phad the general ifibefc neraimuet j and give the special matter in evidence to: the jury at the trial $

and if it be found against the plaintiff, or that the plaintiff be - - nonfurt, the defendant or defendants shall his allowed good' costs, to be taxed by the court.

III. Provided nevertheless, That every -offence -agkinft tKifc This effcncC law shall be complained of, and prefeed as abovesaid, within be.prose-twenty days after (he offence committed! (2) And it is also enacted, That this act shall be read in every parish church by This act fJIaft the minister thereof, upon the Sunday after evening prayer, be read in the tWice in the year. church twice

IV. Provided, That this a iff shall continue until the end of eTcrjr Jre4r* the first session of the next parliament, and no longer. 3 Car. 1.

r. 4* Continued until the end of the first fejfm of the next parliament, wtdfarther continued by 16 Car. 1. c. 4.

CAP. XXI.

An act eofyerning boftjerf qnd inn hbl&trs.

BE it enatikd by the authority of this present parliament, Hostiers of That one statute made In the seven and thirtieth year of inn-holders the? reign of the-late King Edward the Third, made for the horseread, tf great dearth that then was in many places of the realm, of j°y^, poultry, and concerning the 'prices of poultry: (2) and so much of one statute made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King JUtbard the Second, as providfeth* that no hostler make horse*- ijR. 1, bread m his hefteryj nor without, and that the afllee thereof c. s. shall be kept, and that the weight heteasonable after the prices of the com irt their markers, and that the same hoftltrs (halt fell hay and-oat$, after a reafostable price, so that they take but one haif-penny over the common price in the market: (3) knd so much of one statute made in the fourth year of the reign of the late King Henry the Fourth, as doth Concern the putting 4 4. e,

in execution of the part of the statute made in the thirteenth jffcafr of the reign of King Richard the Second, that is before spe-f cified(4) and one statute made in the two and thirtieth year of Voi. -VII< V the

The sfore&id statutes repealed, bottlers, Sec. shall make no-borfc-bread. They shall fell provender according to the market.

Thqr may make horse-bread when no baker dwells in the lame town.

If they make it not of doe assize they shall be on-niflied say the justices, See.

the Adung $f horse-bread: ({) be from henceforth ref void, and of none effect.

II. And be it further enacted, That no hostler or shall at any time after the end of this present fefilon ment, make horse-bread in hid (lottery, nor wit bakers shall make it, and the assize dull be kept, the weight be reasonable after the prkse of the grain in the markets adjoining; (a) and the hotftier: holders shall-fell their horse-bread, and their hay, oat peas, provender, and also all kind of viAual both fori beast, for.reasonable gain, having respect to the prices they shall be sold in the markets adjoining, without tai thing for litter.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authe foresaid, That from henceforth it may and mall be law! , every bottler and inn-keeper, dwelling in any town or v being a thorough-fore or a common passage withi realm, and being no city, town corporate or market-wherein any common baker exercising the occupation a ing, and that hath been apprentice at the find occupafii the space of seven years, is dwelling, to make within his horse-bread sufficient, lawful and of due assize, accordir the price of grain and com now is and hereafter (ha from time to time; any thing herein contained to the con notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority afora That if the horse-bread which any of the said bottlers or i holders shall make, be not sufficient, lawful and of due aft according to the price of grain and com as i abovesaid; that if any of them shall offend in any thing contrary to t ad; then the justices of assize, justices of tyer and termir, justices of the peace in every shire, liberty or franchise wiri this realm, sheriffs in their turns, and (rewards in their Je and law-days, shall have foil power and authority to esquire, hear and determine the said defeults and offences the said hottlers and inn-holders, hereafter to be committed;

gainst the form of this present statute: (a) and the bottler inn-holder for the (irft offence shall be fined according t the quaotity of the offence; and if being once convicted hi shall again offend, for the second offence he shall be for die space of one month without bail or mainprise; and if he shall a third time offend, being thereof convicted he shall (land upon the' pillory, without being redeemed for money; and if he shall offend after the judgment of foe pillory given, he shall be fore-judged for keeping any inn again.

M.

Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi, c.h.

*91

Uo

CAP. XXII.

}n act for the explanation of the made in the

p^r^i^anact jar toe explanation oj toe parities maae in roe imra,

to fourth an* fifth years of Sang Edward Sixths concern-

mi^L1 ing the traders of butter and cheese.

WHEREAS in a parliament holdtn at Westminster in the u1 " third and fourth years of the reign of the most extellentfrince ot 3 &+Ed. 6.

i

1<0$ FH1

(f r. wai vvruini, jvtmai buy tO fell Ogutn unj JUKI ./ iv*cyt J um*r» w w

they fold the same again by retail in open /hop, fair or , and not tn gross, upon pain of forfeiture of double the Value of the

k*

benaij,

same butter and cheese so fold contrary to the tenor of the said act.

II. In and by which act it is provided and That the fetid

word of retail mentioned in the fad ait /be , declared and taken enly where a wey of cheese, or a barrel of putter, or ahfs quantity, and not above, /boteld be sold at one time to any terson or porfons in open/bop, fair or market, and that to be done without fraud or covin:

III. And whereas also by one other act made in a parliament holdeh 5 &6 Ed. at Wdhninster in the fifth year of the reign of the fad late Xing c. 14.

it was nailed, (aenong/tether thtngs) That whatsoever person or ferfins Jbesdd tngrofs or got into his hands any butter or theefe within the realm of England, to the latent to sell the same again, flmld be accepted, reputedand taken to be an unlawful and should loft

'aesi forfeit the value of the said goods: (a) in which ail there is nopro-viso for retailors at aft\ by occasion whereof, the traders fur butter and

theefe for the city of London are continually vexed and molested by common informers, sometimes upon the one statute and upon

the other, to their great loss and charge:

IV. Now for that by daily experience it is that the traders

ef butter and theefe for the city ^London, fetch and provide the said butter and cheese out of divers counties, upon their great travel, charge and adventure, for provision of the said city, and of others

thereunto reporting, and there fell the same in in open market, net only for the general uft and fervict of the said city, and the

centuries adjoining, but also for any occasion which may be offered for the better expedition of his Majestfs fervite; as also for of

'ships which daily are victualled from this port e/-London, which possibly cannot be performed by the /mall quantities aforesaid, and according to the said statute:

V j jindwhereas the common infortnets finding that

said statute extendeth agmft-fitch at do fell above the quantity ofa wey

ef cheese, or of a barrel of butter, at one time, though open/hop,

fair or market, and that in the other all no prorvtfo at all is made, as -aforesaid, for retailers, have of late years much troubled the traders of putter and cheese within the city of London, with mqny informations,

as well upon the one statute as the other, and have gotten several if money for compofitm of them, albeit they then were and are men

*9. Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi. C. 23J [1623.

that have been apprentices, trained up in the said trade, and have na other living or trade, of life, to their great hindrance and impoverishment:

The aforesaid VI. For remedy whereof* be it enacted by the authority of aft* restrained this present parliament, That the said acts, or any of them, or other act> statute, law, ordinance or other provision r Southwark. whatsoever heretofore, for or concerning the sale of butter v or cheese in open (hop, fair or market, or the providing or

buying of any butter or cheese, shall not in any wise extend to any person or persons, being cheesemongers or tallow-chandlers, free of the said city, and having been brought up as apprentices by the space of seven years, trading in butter and cheese, for such butter and cheese, and either of them, as he and they shall utter and fell within London and the liberties thereof, or within the borough of Southwark, or the city of Westminster, for the victualling of any of the shipping of his Majesty, nis heirs or successors, or for the ships of any other his Majesty's subjects, or to such butter or cheese which he or they shall fell by any quantities at one time, and to one person, not exceeding four wey of cheese, or four barrels of butter, without fraud or covin, so as he or they fell the same in open (hop, fair or market; any thing in the said adis and statutes or any of them to the contrary notwithstanding.

ThejdHcesof

VII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the autho-peace rc- rity aforesaid, That if the justices of the peace of any of the denhi^butter#C0UIlt*cs this realm of England or the dominion of Wales, and cheese to at their quarter-sessions of any of the said counties, shall declare and publish in open sessions, that the traders aforesaid in butter and cheese shall forbear to buy any butter or cheese for any time within the said county or counties or withirt any parts or places of the same; that then for and during the time of such restraint, the said traders in butter and cheese that shall buy any such butter or cheese, and fell the same again by retail, contrary to any the acts aforesaid, shall not be freed of or from any the penalties of the said acts, but shall be subject to the same as if this act had never been made. t % H. 6. c. 3. £2) This act to continue unto the end of the first session of the*& 3 Ph. & M. next parliament. 3 Car. 1. r. 4. Continued until the end of the c' first session of the next parliament, and farther continued by 16 Cfar, u

c. 4. 13 far 14 Car. 2. r. 26.

CAP. XXIII.

buy those commodities in the country.

An act for avoiding of vexatious delays caused by removing'unions and suits out of inferior courts.

Suits com- 'XT 7" WHEREAS there now Albert

mentted in in- courts of record in divers cities, liberties, towns corporate and fcaJUothere- tijewhere, same of them being far remote from Westminster, others

moved into J^ont the court of grand sessions in Wales, which were principally or- superior dinnedfor tie tafe and quiet of such have occasion to sue there

count, onlef> for debts, duties and wrongs, so that they might with expends

fcc* receive jujlitt according to tbs merits of their causes in those inferior

matt.

*91

frof

iiem.

ifioo itter i or end nd.

iP-

nd

as

r.

y

t

r

i

1623.] Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi, c. 23.

courts, without bring cemptlled ta travel to Westminsternr the court af the great feffiansIn Wales: (2) but of late divers of his

loving subjects, having far just and true debts and ether goad and lawful causes , commenced fiats in such inferior prof touted their

actions andfiats many times ready far trial, and the same causes being

for the most part but of small value, have been removed into same of his Majesty's courts at Westminster or the court of the great

in Wales, and being remanded by Procedendo into the same inferior courts where the oflion or fiat wasfirfi commenced, thefamefiave been again oftentimes removed into the same or other of his Majesty's courts at Westminster or court of the great feffums in Wales, to the intolerable delay of ruslice, and great expenses of money, and lofi and trouble,

to those which jufiby and honestly by such ablions and fiats have fought

only to recover or get satisfaction for debts, duties or wrongs owing, due e>r done unto them:

II. For remedy whereof, belt enacted by the King's most No writ to re-excellent majesty, the lords spiritual and temporal, and by the move an^; B commons, in this present parliament, and by the autho-^infcrjor rity of the same. That no writ or writs of habeas corpus, court shall be certiorari, or any other writ or writs, proceGs or proceHes what- obeyed, unless soever, other man writs of error or attaint, to be sued forth

after the end of this present session of parliament, by any m-d.&c.of the person or persons whatsoever, out of or from any of his Ma- same court be-jesty's courts jtt Westminster or the court of the great sessions fere Mue or in Wales, or out of any other court or courts having or denmntr pretending to have power to award such writs or processes, to stay or remove any adtionj bill, plaint, suit or cause brought,

commenced or depending, or hereafter to be brought, commenced or depending, in any court or courts of record with-

-in any city, liberty, town corporate, or elsewhete, which have or shall have jurisdiction, power or authority to hold 1 Saik. 14k plea in that action, bill, plaint, suit or cause: the lame cause of action, bill, plaint or suit arising or growing within the said city, liberty, town corporate or jurilaidtion, shall after the end of this present session of parliament be received or allowed by the steward or stewards, judge or judges, or officer or officers of the court or courts wherein or to whom any such writ or writs shall be directed and delivered; but that he and they shall and may proceed in the said cause or Cartbew 69. causes, as though no such writ or writs were sued forth or 3 Mod*5*

delivered to him or them, except that the said writ or writs be delivered to the steward. or stewards, judge or judges, officer or officers of the said court, beforeiffue or demurrer joined in the said cause or causes lb depending or to be depending in any such court of record in any city, liberty, town corporate, or dlewhere, having power to hold such plea, so as the said issue or demurrer be not joined within six weeks next after the arrest or appearance of the defendant or defendants to such action or suit commenced.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That a salt ones if any inch action, bill, plaint, suit or cause, which is or shall reminded

y 3 hoe-^never*

terwards be removed.

A suit, when the thing in demand ex-

Anno vkcfimoprimp Jacobi.

[1623.

hereafter be brought, commenced or depending in any such court of record in any city, liberty, town corporate or else--Where, shall after the ena of this present session of parliament be removed or staid by any such writ or writs, pro-cefe or precedes to be sued forth or out of any of his' Ma- lefty's courts at Westminster or the court of the great sessions in Wales pr any other court as aforesaid, that if afterwards the same action, bill, plaint, suit or cause shall be remanded*or sent back again by any writ or writs of procedendo or other writ whatsoever; that then the said action, bill, plaint, suit or cause, shall never afterwards be removed or staid before judgment, by any writ or writs whatsoever to be sued forth or out ojF any of his Majesty's said courts at Westminster or the said coyit of great sessions in Wales^ or any other court as aforesaid; any law, statute, custom, usage or restraint to the contrary there-of in ahy wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if in any action, bill, plaint, suit or cause, not concerning

coed^no^five "freehold or inheritance, or title of land, lease or rent, which pounds, shall shall be brought, commenced or depending in any such cot be remov-court of record in any city, liberty, town corporate or ed. Palmer elsewhere, if it shall appear, or be laid in the declara-tyuGta^u ^on» ^hat the debt, damages or things demanded, doth c. 9. f. 3.*or shall not amount to.or exceed the sum of five pounds;

that then such action, bill, plaint, suit or cause; shall not be stayed nor removed into any of his Majesty's courts at Westminster or other courts as aforesaid, by any writ or writs whatsoever, to be sued or prefecuted forth or out of his Majesty's said courts at Westminster or other courts as aforesaid, other; than writs of error or attaint; any law, statute, usage, cuC-.tom < or restraint to the contrary in any wise notwithstand-

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any writ or writs whatsoever, shall be after the end of this present session of parliament granted or sued forth or out of any of his Majesty's said courts at Westminster or court of the great sessions in Wales or other court contrary to the intent and meaning of this present act, that then it shall and may be lawful! to and for the judge or judges, and officer or officers, to whom such writ or writs shall be directed or delivered, to disallow and reftife the same, and to proceed as if no suchwrit or writs had been granted or sued out or forth as a* foresaid; any law* statute, usage, custom or restraint to the con-

This act shall trary in any wise notwithstanding.

only extend to

VI. Provided always, That this act shall extend only to such SrticV&c c6urts record in cities, liberties, towns corporate and elfli-and when ' where, and for so long time only, as there is or shall be an the steward is utter barrister of three years (landing at the bar of one bf n utter bar- the four inns of court, that is or shall be* stewafd, undergo &c.Cro. or deputy-steward, town-clerk, or judge, or recorder

75' of the same inferior court, or that is or mall be from time to time assistant to such judge or judges of such inferior

courts

i6*3'] Anno vfeesimo primo Jacobi, c. 24. 195'

courts as shall not be utter-barristers of such (landing as it aibtesaid, and there present, in which such actions, bills, plants, suits or causes is or shall be brought, cotntnenced or depending, and not of counsel in any action, suit or cause then depending in the lame inferior court; any thing in this present act, or any law, or other statuse, usage, custom or restraint to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. Provided that this act, or any thing therein contained, Tim aft shall shall not extend to any action, bill, plaint, mit or cause, where- not extend to in any such foreign or other plea shall be pleaded as could not foreign be tried or determined within the jurfidiaion of such inferior* courts.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for the relief of creditors against as die in

execution.

Forasmuch as heretofore it bath htm muh doubted and question- The land* of ed, if any person being in prifan and charged in execution him that dies

fan of any judgment given dgamft him, Jbtuid to

die m execution, whether the party atwhofe suit or to whom such -

fan food charged in execution at the time of hit death, he for ever af- debts. ter concluded and barred to have extension of the lands and goods of fatch per fan so dying:

II. And forasmuch as daily experience doth that divers

Persons of Juffciency in real and per fatted estate, rnnding to deceive others of their just debts for which tbn charged at.

have obstinately and wilfully ebofan rather to live and die in prison

than to mate any satisfaction according to their abilities: to prevent which deceit, and for the avoiding of such doubts and questions hereafter} (a) be it declared, explained and enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, ' the lords spiritual and, temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament af- fembkd, and by the authority of the same, That hcom and A newexecu. after the end of this present session of parliament, the party or parties, at whole suit or to whom any person shall (cmd^y* charged in execution for any debt or damages recovered, his Euidsof him or their executors or administrators, may after the death of the that dies in feid person (b charged and dying in execution, lawfully sue forth execution, and have new execution against die. lands and tenements, goods and chattels, or any of them, of the person so deceased, in such manner and form to all intents and purposes, as he or they or anyofthem might have had by the Jaws and statutes of this realm, if such person so deceased had never been taken or chanted in execution.

III. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted, That This act shall this act shall not extend to give liberty to any person or persona, their, executors or administrators, at whose suit wj2£" "*"* wits any such party shall be in execution, and, die in exe-'w' cation, to have or take any new execution against any the lands, tenements or hereditaments of such party so dying in execution, which shall at any time after the said judgment... V 4 or

Anno vicesimo pcwnp- Jacobs- cxzg: f j 6^3.

or judgments be by hint (pld bona fide, for thepavmeat of any of his creditors, and the money which shall be paid for the lands (o fold, either paid or secured to be paid to any of his creditors, with their privity and consent, in aifcharge of his or their due (debts, or of some part thereof»any thing before in this act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding,

CAP. XXV.

An act for the relief of p, tenants and farmers of frown-lands and duchy-lands, or of lands within the vey of, the court of wards and in cases of forfeiture

for not payment of their, or other service or duty.

FORASMUCH as the Kiout of bit gracious dispa-

1 Jition, is and ever hath been taking unyadvantage,

howfoeveq. lawful and just, against any of his growing by any

forfeiture, breach of condition, er interpretation of his Highness

grants or letters patents, or the grants or Utters patents of any of his royal predeteffors, of any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments;

(2) and yet the grantees or patentees deriving their estates by or front his Majesty or his predeteffors, havo been too apt and ready to exa£i

- advantage of such forfeiture, where his himftif or his predecessors have not required the Jame, which hath been ever held an unequal and extreme cotirfe, and hath many times been relieved by suits m courts of equity, though with the great charge and trouble of ties endangered thereby:

Vo advantage H. For remedy whereof, as well where the King as any of shall be taken his predecessors or successors hath granted or shall grant the as»a'nft the said manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any part t«esp*tenants t^iereo^ or the reversion or any part thereof, to any other, as ur non-pay- where the reversion, remainder or estate thereof is or shall be iiientofrpnt, in the King's majesty, or his successors, in the right of the ^c- crown of England, or duchy of Lancaster, or otherwise, his Majesty of his abundant grace towards his loving subjects is graciously pleased that it be enacted; (2) and be it enacted by the KingV most excellent Majesty, by and with the assent or the lords fpnitual and temporal, and commons, in this pitfenfc parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, having* holding or possessing, or Which hereafter shall have, hold or possess, any manors, lands, tenements of hereditaments, by vir-tee oy. colour of arty original grant or lease, or assignment of the same, made by the; King's majesty, or any of his predecessors, or to be iriade by arty of his successors, for any number of years, for life or lives, in fee-tail or fee^simple, or other 'eftaty whereupon any rent, fervieb of other duty hath been, is or fhM be refereed or payable with or liwder any condition er li- mitation of re-entry, cester; or to be void for defaulterf payment of torch rent, 'pr performance of such service or duty, h^oford bath made, or any other by, from or under Whom ho fclaimeth, hath made, or any which nereaftef shall tove, 'hold'or'ppftfs,

shall make My default therein; and yet after inch- default made, fuph rent, service or other dptyJhatn been or shall be answered.

16z$.] Anno -vkesimo primo Jacobi, c. 26. agjr

paid or done tmto his Majesty, or any of his predecefiort.or fuc-peflors, into his or their receipt of the exchequer, or duchy of Lancaster, or court of wards, or to any other having authority to receive the same, as the case shall require, before any advantage of such forfeiture or caufo of forfeiture hath beat or shall be taken, and before any commission awarded to esquire, fit other process ifined touching the fiud forfeiture, or non-payment of rent, that in all such cases no advantage shall be taken by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of, for or by reason of any such forfeiture or cause of forfeiture.

III. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons claiming, or which afterwards shall claim, by, from or under his Majesty, or any of his predecessors or successors, at any time pfter such cause or title of forfeiture given, shall in any wise have or take any benefit or advantage, by reason, means or colour of such default made or to be made; (2) but that every such estate forfeited or forfeitable by means or occasion of such default of payment of rent, or performance of service or other duty, shall be adjudged to continue and have its bring, as if no such default or cause of forfeiture had been had or made; any law, custom or usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVI.

fin aft against such as shall levy any fin any

knowledge any statute, recognizance, bail or, in

the name of any other person or persons not being privy and consenting thereto.

WHEREAS it is of late grown to be a great and general grievance to his Majesty's subjects within the realm Engtjand, and the dominion of Wales, that mam persons of bast condition, for very little reward or recompense, have of and

fitll doufe to levy fines, and suffer recoveries of lands and other here-

ditaments, to acknowledgeflatuses, recognizances, bade ayd judgments, in the name, or names of any other person or persons '.nft.Pr.ivy or to/s*

fenting to the same, which hatband daily doth turn ttt the great inaui-station, charge, trouble and undoing of.many of the gpod.fishjofts of this kingdom, and the rather, far that there is us remedy in if reform

theft and the lilt ahufts:

II. For remedy ^hereof, be it enacted by the King's 010ft Itft]ony to excellent majesty, the lords spiritual and temporal, and com- levy a fine; fuf-mons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho- fer a recovery, rity(of the same, That all apd-fvery -person and persons whiche\in ano* at^any time after the en<j of this present session of parliament shall acknowledge, or procure to be acknowledged, any - fine or thereto.7 fines, recovery or recoveries, deed or deeds iarolied, statute or fenosts, recognizance or recognjwtoacsf bail Oribaik, judgment , yentr let pfl judgments, ' in 'the same or riames of any other person oc jonei. Th. 6+ persons not privy or consenting to the same, and being , thereof hnrfolly-convicted ar attainted, shall be adjudged, 'cftacfticd and tgkeri to be'j£e|Qhs p (2) and suffer the pains of death, and incur

---

298 Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi. c. 27, 28. [1623.

such forfeitures and penalties, as felons in other cases convicted or attainted do by the laws of England lose and forfeit, without the benefit or privilege of clergy to be allowed to any such offender or offenders.

[This felony shall not corrupt the blood, nor take away dower.]

(3) Provided always, That such attainder shall not be any corruption of blood, not loss of dower to the wife, but the next heir shall have the lands whereof such persons attainted died seised, and such wife her dower, as if no such attainder had been had.

[An attorney may do it, where judgment is given.]

III. Provided always, and be it likewise enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall not extend to any judgment or judgments acknowledged by any attorney or attornies of record, for any person or persons against whom any such judgment or judgments shall be had or given.

CAP. XXVII.

An act to prevent the destroying and murthering of bastard children.

WHEREAS many lewd women that have been delivered of bastard children, to avoid their shame, and to escape punishment, do secretly bury or conceal the death of their children, and after, if the child be found dead, the said women do allege, the said child was born dead; whereas it falleth out sometimes (although hardly it is to be proved) that the said child or children were murthered by the said women, their lewd mothers, or by their assent or procurement:

[It shall be murther for a mother to conceal the death of her bastard child.]

II. For the preventing the refore of this great mischief, be it enacted by the authority of this present parliament, That if any woman after one month next ensuing the end of this session of parliament be delivered of any issue of her body, male or female, which being born alive, should by the laws of this realm be a bastard, and that she endeavour privately, either by drowning or secret burying thereof, or any other way, either by her self or the procuring of others, so to conceal the death thereof, as that it may not come to light, whether it were born alive, or not, but be concealed: in every such case the said mother so offending shall suffer death as in case of murther, except such mother can make proof by one witness at the least, that the child (whose death was by her so intended to be concealed) was born dead.

(2) and this act to continue until the end of the first session of the next parliament.

[3 Car. 1. c. 14. Continued until the end of the first session of the next parliament, and farther continued by 16 Car. 1. cap. 4.]

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for continuing and reviving of divers statutes, and repeal of divers others.

BE it enacted by the authority of this present parliament, That one act made in the one and twentieth year of the reign of the late King Henry the Eighth,

[Ships. 21 H. 8. c. 12.]

intituled, An act for true making of cables, halsers and ropes: (2) and an act made in the four and twentieth year of the reign of the said King

1623.] Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi. c. 28. 299

Henry the Eighth,

[Cattle. 24 H. 8. c. 9.]

---

intituled, An act against killing young beasts called weanlings: (3) and two acts made in the parliament*'*helden at Westminjttr by prorogation the fourth day of November, and continued until the first day of February next after, in the third and fourth years of the reign of the late King Edward the Sixth $ the one intituled, ail for 4 Cd. 6.

buying and selling of rother-beasts and tat; (4) the other inti- c. 19.

tuled. An act for the buying and felting of butter and cheese: (5) vftual. and one act made in the first year of the.reign of the late j 4 Ed. Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act for the.preservation of

/pawn and fry of jish: (6) and an act made in the fifth year of the reign of the said late Queen, intituled. Merchant*.*"

ail for avoiding divers foreign warei made by handicraftsmen < Eliz. c. j.

beyond the feat: (7) and so much of one act made in the FilH.

said fifth year of the reign of, the said late Queen, 5 Eh*.c. j.

Intituled, An ail toothing tertain potitiek made for the Maintenance of the navy, as is not repealed by any later

statote, nor doth concern the transportation of herring or

other seafish, nor freedom of custom, subsidy or tonnage for the lame, nor transportation of com, nor the prohibiting the bringing into this realm any cod or lings in barrels, or other calks; together with all and every other additions,

explanations and alterations made thereunto or thereof, or

<rf any part thereof, by any statute or statutes made fi thence

the making of the £ua last mentioned act, and in force the

hft day of the session of parliament that was in the seventh year at his Majesty's reign of England: (8) and an act made Games.

in the eighth year of the reign of the said late Queen Eli- s Eli. c. 10.

aabethy intituled, An act for oewyers, and the prices of bows:

(9) and three acts made in the thirteenth year of her his Majesty's reign, one intituled, An ail that purveyors may take Purveyors. torn and viiSuals within five miles of Cambridge and Oxford* >jEliz.<-». intertain cases i (10) one other. An ail against frauds defeat- EccW>*ft»cal ing remedies for dilapidations of ecclesiaflitul Strings, jj£c, IOt

to be granted by the collegiate churches % (11) another intituled, -An oil touching-leases of benefices, and other ettleftqflitd livings

with curej (12) together with all and every explanations, ad- Leafa. ditions and alterations thereof, or of any of mem* or to any >t f< of them, made by several statutes of the fourteenth, eight- 'J vr^'e' eenth and three and fortieth year of her fiud late Majesty's E|j£ £ '* reign: (13) and so much of an act made in the fourteenth p^, year of the reign of the said late Queen EBzaheth, intituled, 14 Etta. c. 5, An act for the punishment of vagabonds, and for the of the poor and impotent, as concerneth the taxing, rating, levying, receiving and imploying of gaol-money: (14) and so it Elia. c. j. much of an act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of the said late Queen Etizabeth, intituled, An for fitting the poor- on work, and avoiding idletufs, as concerneth bastards begotten out of lawful matrimony: (15) and an act made in the said eighteenth year of the reign of the said late Queen

Wa

18

SLc

20*

Sewers.

27. Eliz. not printed*

Franchise.

7 Eliz. net printed*

Com.

47 Eliz. c. 14. Sewers.

27 Eliz. c. 24.

Anno vicesirrfo primo Jacom. C. 28. [1623.

Elizabeth, intituled, for the repairing and mending of the bridges and highways near unto the city of Oxford: (16) and two acts made in the seven and twentieth year of the reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, the one intituled, An act for the maintenance of the pier and cob of Lyme-Regis in the county of Dorset: (17) and the other intituled, An act for the good government of the city or borough of Westminster; (18) and two other acts made in the said (even and twentieth year of the reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, the one intituled, An act for the reviving of a former statute for the true moling ff malt; {19) and the other entituled, An act for the keeping the feet-banks and sea-works in the county of Norfolk: (20; and an act made in the one and thirtieth year of her said Majesty's reign. Ale. intituled, An act for the true gaging of vessels brought from beyond

31 Eli*, c. 8. the seas, converted by brewers for the utterance and sale of al$

and beer: (21) and two acts made in the five and thirtieth Drapery. year of her said late Majest/s reign, the one intituled, An 35 Eliz. c. so. act for the reformation of sundry abuses in clothes catted Devonshire kersies or dozens, according to a proclamation of the four and Merchants, thirtieth year of her said Majesty's reign \ (22) the other intitul-.35 Eliz. c, si, ed. An act for the bringing in of clap-board from the parts beyond the seas? and the refraining of the transporting of wine casks, for the sparing and preserving of timber within the realm: (23) and so much of one act made in the said five and thirtieth year of the reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act to retain the Queen's majestfe subjects in their, due obedience, as hath not beenlithence repealed by any other statute: (24) and the several acts hereafter mentioned, made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth that is tq lay, An act intituled, An act for the punishment of rogues, vagabonds andfiurdy beggars* with the provision annexed thereunto by one act made in the first year of the King's majesty's reign that now is, intituled, An act for the continuing and reviving of , c. 25. divers/latuteSj and for repealing of some others: (25) an act intituled, An act for the increase of mariners, and for maintenance of Appren'tSe*0* navigation, repealing a former act made, in the twenty-third 39 Eliz. c. vs. year of her said Majesty's reign, bearing the same title; (26) c'Eliz. c. 4. An act, intituled, An act for the explanation of the statute made in the fifth year of her said Majtflfs reign, concerning labourers; (27J 39 Eliz. c. 14. An act intituled, An act prohibiting the bringing into this realm Corn. of foreign cards for wool: (28. An act intituled, An act for excef-

39 Eliz. c. 16* five making of malt \ (29. An act intituled, An act against lewd

Pope, 35 Eliz.

c. 1.

Poor.

39 Elis. c. 4.

Continuance 1 Jac Fish.

and wandring persons, pretending to be soldiers or mariners: /30)

43 Eliz. c/3. the several acts hereafter mentioned, made in the three and fortieth year of the reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth that is to say. An act intituled, An act for the necessary relief of fiddiers and mariners, (31) An act, intituled, An act to avoid trifling and frivolous suits in law in her Majestfs courts at Westminster; (32; An act, intituled, An act for the relief of the poor, with the addition thereunto made by an act made in the first ye^r of his Majesty's reign of England, intitule^, An act for

(Gih

43

Suits.

43 Eliz. c. 6. Poor.

43 Eliz. c.«. Continuance.

16z3.] Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi, c. 28.

continuing of divers statutes, and for repeal of fomt others; (33)*

and with this further addition, and be it enacted, That ^I'Thfoverieen persons to whom the overseers of the poor shall, according to-of the poor the said act, bind any children apprentices, may take and re- may put out ceive, and keep them as apprentices j any former statute to the apprentice*, contrary notwithstanding: (34) An act, intituled, An for Drapery. the true making and working of woolen tloth\(35) An act, inti- certiorari I0*

tuled. An act to prevent perjury and fuboma of perjury, andun- +J jyj*.c. neceftbry expence in fiats of law: {'zb) and the several acts made Apprentice..in the first year of the reign of our now sovereigil lord the 1 J»c* > a. 6. King, after mentioned; one intituled, An all made for the explanation of the fiatult made in the fifth year of the late jpetein Eli- Poor, zabeth't reign concerning labourers', (3 j)another intituled, An 5 31$. c. 4. alt for the continuance and explanation of the statute made in the nine1 J*v.1 c- 7-; and thirtieth year of the reign of the late Elizabeth, intituled, °*'An act for punishment of rogues, vagabonds andft beggars: (38), jjc, ' f. c. j. another intituled, An act to take away the benefit of for same kindof manslaughter: (39) another intituled, An act to refrain1 jac.», c. 9.

the inordinate haunting and tipling in inns, dlehouses and ether Corn.

tualling-houses; (40) another intituled, An act for avoiding deceit 1 Jac. 1. c. 8. in felling, buying or /pending corrupt and wtwholfomt haps: (4i)i*ather.'another act, intituled, An act concerning tanners, curriers, shoe- j jac. 1. c. a*. makers and otht/r-artificers occupying the cutting of leather, fairing*Jac. 1. c. 6. for such part thereof as is repealed by. one other act made in the fourth year of his Majesty's reign of England, in that be- p^i; half'; (42) another, intituled, An act for the better execution 0^1 Jac." i. c. tf. the intent and meaning of former statutet /booting in

guns, and for1 the preftrvation of game of phenfanti and pa fridgesand against the defraying of hares with'hare-pipes, and tracing hares in the/now: (43) and another, intituled, An allfortbe charitable, jac*i, c. j«. relief, and ordering-of persons infected uHtk the plague: {44) and Error, the several acts made in the third year of the reign of our find3 Jac-. foverdign lord King James after mentioned, 'the. one intituled, r —

An act for avoiding wtnece/hry delays if execution: (45) another 3 jac. t. c. 9.

intituled, An act for the relief of such as lawfully eft. the trade and imprison-handicraft offkmnets: (46) another, intituled, An act for the ment.

ing and levying of the charges for conveying maiffalters and offend- J Jae*»

ers to the gaol: (47) another act, intituled, An act for transpor- vfaL*'c* , 9", lotion of beer over the seas: (48) and another, intituled,

c.«fV

fir repairing of the highway from NortluCh to Taltforth, in tbt petrifies of Ewell and Long-Ditfcbn in the county of Surrey, lead- Drapery. ing to Kingstdn upon Thames in the 'county afirefiid: (49J 4- Jac. r. c* a» and that the several icts made in the fourth year of the reign of our now sovereign lord King James after mentioned; the one in- Ale. tituled, An act for the true making of woolen clothes: (50) another in- 4 Jac. t. c. 5, tituled, An act for the repr effing the odious and loathsome fin of drun'-l ienrnj(51) and another, intituled, An Oft fir the better provi- Husbandry. fion of meadow andpafiure, fir the necessary maintenance ofhusbandr* 4jac* I, c«4I. ry and tillage in the manors, lordftnps and parishe* ^Maiden, alias Mawarden, Bodenham^ Wellington, Sutton St. Mi- chad, SuttOn St. Nicholas, -Murton upon Lugge, ' and the^ parifi of Pipe and every of them, in the county of Hereford:

(52) and

302 Anno vicesiinoprinio JACOBI.c.c8. [i

Scotland. (5?) and the several alts made in the seventh year of the reign of 7 Jac. t. c. 1. our said sovereign lord King fames after mentioned) the one intituled, An act for the better execution of ef

Poor. trimind affkndtn in the north parts of the kingdom c/'England: (53)

7 Jac. 1. c. 4. another intituled, An act for the due execution of divert laws and Jiaiutet beret if ere made agatnji vagabonds and,

Pleading. ether lewd and idle persons: (54) another, intituled. aft

7 jac. 1. c. 5.. foreafe in pleacting, against troubkfime and frofeeuted

against justicetof the peace, motors, een/lables and certain other his Post!. Majesty's officers, for the lawful execution ef their office (55) ano-zJ*c-» ther, intituled, An act to prevent the and gram bp -

7 jac! t. c. 1*. tmeh hawking, and for the better prejirvation.efphtafonu and 7 jac. 1*. c. 13. fridges: (56) another* intituled, An act to avoid the double Forest. mint of debts: (57) another, intituled, An aftfer the txplanatlen 3 Jac. t. c. 13. of one statute made in the third sear of the reign of our now five-reign lord King James, intituled, An act against unlawful bunting Husbandry, and Jlealing ofdeer and conies: (58) another, intituled.

7 Jac. 1. c. 17. gainst burning f ling, heath and other moor-burning in the counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, Lancaster, Derby, Nottingham and Leicester* at 7 Jac. 1. c. it. times in the year: (59) another, intituled, An act for the

landing and tarrying offea-sand, for the bettering fgreunds, and for the increast f com and tillage within thtcouxtits /'Devon and Corn-gewm. wall: (60) and another, intituled, An act for the fpttdy recovery 7 Jac. 1. c. so. f many thonfahd acres of marfl> ground the ceunttts ^Norfolk

and Suffolk, lately surroundtd by the rage of the foa, inSvtrs parts of the said counties, and for the prevention of the of - like

The jt fta- surrounding hereafter5 (61) shall by virtue of this act be adjudged, tute* above- ever since the session of parliament in the seventh year of his Majesty's reign of England, to have been of such force and effect as til the next same were the last day of that session, and from thenceforth parliament, until the end- of the first lession of the next parliament!

II. Provided nevertheless, That (b much of every of the said acts, av by any- new act made in this session of parliament, shall be explained, altered or repealed, shall for lb much thereof, from the end of this session of parliament, (land and be In force,

ah by thbfe other acts shall be. ordained.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority

When com this present parliament. That when the prices, of corn or grain

may be trans- exceed not the rates hereafter following, at the times, havens ported. and places, when and where the lame corn or grain shall be

(" bought, shipped or loaden, viz. The quarter of wheat at two and thirty (rallinga, the quarter- of rye at twenty shillings; the quarter of pfeafe and beans at sixtetn shillings, the quarter of barley or malt at sixteen shillings, of current English money; That then it shall and may be lawful for all and every person and persons, being subjects of the King's majesty, his heirs or successors, to carry and transport of his own, (2) and to buy to fell again in markets and out of markets, and to keep or fell) or carry and transport any of the (hid corn and grain, from the places where they shall be of such prices, untp any parts beyond

1623.] Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi. ca8. .303

the- few m amity with his Majesty, as merchandize in ships, crays or other vessels, whereof any English-bora subject or sub-jeda then shall be the owner or owners, or the same to carry and fell in other (daces within this realm or dominions thereof; any law, usage or statute to the contrary hereof notwithstanding:

(3) and that the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, shall The custom have andreceive by the customers and officers of his ports, for and poundage the custom or poundage of every quarter of wheat, to be transported by force of this statute out of this realm, two shillings j of every, quarter of other grain, sixteen pence: which said several sunt so to be had and taken as custom or poundage, shall be in foil felisfadion of all manner of custom or poundage for the said cofen or grain, by any eonftitution, order, statute, law or euftoaa heretofore made* used or taken, for transporting of any such manner of com.or grain.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority of The this prfifent parliament, That the King's majesty, his heirs and proclamation, fiiccessors, may at alltimes byhis and their writ of proclamation, may rest rain to be published generally in the whole realm, or in any of the tnnfportarion Counties of the realm where any port towns are, command, °* c^tn*

That no period shall by virtue of this act. transpott or convey any manner of grain out of his Highnefe.dominions generally, or out of anyfpecial parts to be in me same proclamation particularly named, for such time as shall be therein limited aim appointed: (a) and it shall not be lawful for any person to dairy out-any such grain, contrary ta the tenor of the same proclamation, upon such pains and forfeitures as by the lews and statutes of this realm are and have been provided and ordained in that behalf j this act or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no person or per- Drapery, ions shall incur any penalty for want of length, breadth or Wdfih cotton*, weight of Wtl/bcottons, under the price of fifteen pence the c. 6. yard, or.two.shillings the goad, so as they be not mixt with hair or other deceitful stuff, nor for any others above that J. 5. C u. price, except they be mbit as aforesaid, or shall (brink above the rate of half a yard in twelve yards of length, or weigh less thetvfourtem ounces the yard, or hold not full three quarters of a yard broad.

[Sanctuary.]

[All statutes that concern the taking away of sanctuaries, revived.]

[1 James 1 c. 25.]

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all statutes heretofore made, that take away sanctuary for any offence, shall for so much as concerneth the taking away of such sanctuary be revived, and shall be and stand in force and power; any words of repeal contained in the statute made in the first session of parliament held in the first year of his Majesty's reign of England, intituled An act for continuing and reviving divers statutes, and for repealing of some others, or in this present act to the contrary notwithstanding.

[All sanctuaries taken away.]

[3 Inst. 115, 217.]

VII. And be it also enacted by the authority of this present parliament, That no sanctuary or privilege of sanctuary shall be hereafter admitted or allowed in any case. 22 H. 8. cap. 14.

[Oath. 5 Eliz. c. 9.]

VIII. And whereas in a session of parliament holden in the fifth year of the reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, one act was made,

intituled, An act for the punishment of such as shall procure or Commit perjury: and by one other alt made in the of parlia — intitule, ment begun in thf eight and twentieth year said lata

*9 Eli*. t.5; Queen Elizabeth, it was enacted, That the said a8 from

thenceforth be, remain and continue in force and for ever (2}

1 Jac. x. c. 5. and yet nevertheless in the parliament holden in the year of Ins Majestfs reign of England^ by one all, intituled, An act for continuing, and reviving ofdivcrsstatutes, and for repeating of feme-other, it was anting/i other things enalied, That the said act made itt the said. fifth year of the said late i^v/mElizabeth, for pumflmunt of perjury, should bt revived, and continued end of the first fef-

a Jat.i. c.»5. sien of the next parliament, (3) it. is now declared: and enacted by-f. ao. authority of this present parliament. That the said act concern -

'H? perjury made in the bud fifth year, and every clause, branch, ^, 1 p^' article and pravision therein, doth now stand, and shall from henceforth be, remain and continue in force and effect for ever, fttwl.'LX. And be it also enacted, That one partof the statute made5 H. t. c. it. in the five and twentieth year of the reign of the late King

the Eighth, intituled, An act for thedefiruHion of wild fowl, which J&4E1I.6.C. 7. ^as repealed by slater ad madfe in the parliament*holden in the third and fourth years of thereign of the late King the

Sixth, (halt be revived and stand in force until the end of the first session of ther next parliament.

Ways. X. And be it allbenacted, That one act made in the first

iM.Sess. j. c. 5. year of the reign of the late Queen fqr and concerning the staking, repairing and amendment of the common high- way. and causey in the counties of Dorfot and Somerset, between the towns of Shaftsbury and in the same county of Dir-

set, be revived and Hand in force until the end of the first session of the next parliament.

Onfteriemere.

XI. And be it further enacted by authority of this present 4. Ed. 3. c.s. parliament. That one statute made in the fourth'year of the reign of the late King Edward the Third, reciting, That before' that time a horseman was wont to have his passage over the lea from the port of Dover for two shillings, and a footman for six-pence, and ordering concerning passage at Dover and other places, as in the said statute is contained: (2) and one other t}R.s. stat.x. ftafote made in the thirteenth year of the reign of the late King c. so.'Richard the Second, by which it is enacted, That all pilgrims, and ill other people, except certain person* in that statute, excepted, shall pals at the ports of Dover and Plymouth, and not elsewhere, without special licence of the King himself: (3) and >'one statute made in the fourth year of the reign of the late King

4 Ed. 4. c. 10. Edward the Fourth, concerning pallage from Dover, and alt9Ed. j. c. s. otherfiatutes therein recited or mentioned: (4) and one other fta-Fowl. tute made in the seven and thirtieth year of the reign of the late-

37 Ed. j. c. j. King Edward the Third, concerning the prices of'poultry(5) Meafunp, and one statute made in the four and thirtieth year of the reign4. Ed.3. of the late King Edward tb* Third, concerning weights and

1623.] Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi, c. 28. 305

measures suid beginning, where it is contained in the great charter, that one measure shall be used through the realm, and by which it is ordained. That certain articles IhaJ'Xcie holdenand kept, upon the pains contained in a (iatute r ide in the eight and twentieth year of the reign of the late king Edward the Third: (6) and one other statute made in the said four and Corn, thirtieth year of the reign of the said late King Edward the Third, 34 Ed. 3. e. by which it is ordained. That the passage of corn shall be defended in all the ports of England* to that none have licence or warrant to pass with such com in any wise, unlefe it be to certain places in the said act specified: (7) and one statute made ty R. s. c. 7. in the seventeenth year of the reign of the late King Richard the Second, whereby licence is granted to all the King's liege people to ship and carry com out of the realm: (8) ar>d one statute 3 Ed. 4. e.« made in the third year of the reign of the late King Edward the Fourth, concerning com not to be brought into the realm in certain cases: (9) and one statute made in the fourth year Apparel, of the reign of the late King Henry the Seventh, concern- 4 H* 7- c. 9. ing the prices of hats and caps: (10) and one other statute Metal, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of the late King 14 7#

Richard the Second, ordering that the passage of tin out of the realm shall be at the port ot Dartmouth* and no where else.:

(11) and one other statute made in the fifteenth year of the reign of the late King Richard the Second, concerning carriage '5*c.

of tin to Calais: (12) and one statute made in the fourth year of Wood. the reign of the late King Henry the Fifth, concerning making of^cCfe^c^ pattens of afp: (13) and one statute made in the fix and persons. thirtieth year of the reign of the late King Edward the Third, 36 Ed. 3. c. s. concerning (Upend and wages of priests, and priests passing from one diocese to another; (14) and one other statute made 1H. 5. flat. 4. in the second year of the reign of the late King Henry the Fifth, c*concerning wages or (Upend of chaplains and priests: (15) and Drapery, so much of one alt made in the fourth year of the reign oi King 4H. 7. c. s. Henry the Seventh, as appointed the rates and prices how broad cloths of the colour of icarlet, or other colours, and other cloths shall be sold: (16) and one statute made in the eleventh Poor..year of the reign of the late King Henry the Seventh, con- u H. 7. c. a. cerning vagabonds, unlawful games and alehouses, and every part thereof, together with one statute made in the time of the 7 r, c# late King Richard the Second therein mentioned: (17) and one 19 H. 7. c. is. statute made in the nineteenth year of the reign of the late King Henry the Seventh, concerning vagabonds, beggars, unlawful games and alehouses, and every part thereof: (18) and one fta-3 Ed. 3. c. 7. tute made in the three and twentieth year of the reign of the late King Edward the Third, concerning valiant beggars: (19) and one other statute made in the seventh year of the reign 7 R. t. c. 5. of the late King Richard the Second, concerning roberts-men, draw-latches, vagabonds and faitors: (20) and seven several Apprentice, alts and statutes made in the twelfth year of the reign of the i» R. 2. c. 3. late King Richard the Second, whereof the first coricemeth 11* c-4-artificers, labourers, servants, victuallers $ (21) the second Vox. VII. X con-

3Q 6

ix R. x. c. 5. lx R. x. c. 6.

it R. x. c. 7. ix R. x. c. 8.

'Poor.

jiz R. 1. c. 9.xH. 8.C. ix.

5 & ^£d« 6. c. 16.

Wax.

si U. 6. c. ix.

*4 H. 8. c. 6.

aS H. 8. c. 14

Drapery.

*5 H. 8. 18.

Husbandry.

4 H. 7. c. 19.

7 H. 8. c. 11. 27 H. 8. c. xx

Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi, c. 28. ft623.

concerneth wages of servants; (22) the third concerneth Ia-bonring at plough and cart; (23) the fourth concerneth servants bearing or buckler, swords and daggers, and using unlawful games$ (24) the fifth concerning persons that go a begging; (25) the sixth concerning those that feign themselves men travelling out of the realm, and there to be imprisoned; (26) and the seventh concerneth the execution of the ordinances aforesaid concerning servants, labourers, beggars and vagabonds: (27) and one a ft or statute made in the two and twentieth year of the reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An act how aged, poor end impotent persons, compelled to live by alms, shall be ordered, and how vagabonds and mighty strong beggars Jbeil he punished, and every part thereof: (28) and one aft or statute made in the third year of the reign of the late King Edward the Sixth, intituled. Ays alt touching the punishment of vagabonds, and other idle persons: (20) and one statute made in the eleventh year of the reign of the late King Henry the Sixth, concerning wax-chandlers, the price of candles, and other things wrought of wax: 130) and that part of one statute, commonly called Statutumde pijloribus, c. 5.

[1 Vol. 391.J which ordaineth. That the assize of wine shall be kept according to the assize of our fbvereign lord the King, that is to wit, a fextern at twelve-pence; and that if the taverners exceed the same assize, their doors shall be (hut up by the mayors and bailiffs, and shall not be suffered to fell wine until they have obtained licence of the King: (31) and one statute made in the four and twentieth year of the reign of the late King Henry the Eighth*intituled, An aht concerning the sale of wines: (32) and that part of one statute made in the eight and twentieth year of the reign of the late.King Hetiry the Eighth, by which it is oretained, That no person or persons shall fell any Gascoigne, Guyen or French wines, above certain prices in that act mentioned, under the pain in the said act specified; and that no Mabnfeys, Romneys, Sachs, or other sweet wines, shall be sold by retail above the prices therein contained, under the pains in that act mentioned: (33)

and also that part of a statute made in the five and twentieth year of the reign of the fete King Henry the Eighth, by which it is enacted, That the lords and owners of the meases, tenements or cottages in the city of Worcester and other towns and boroughs in the said act mentioned, should at no time after that admit, set or let any mease, tenement or cottage sufficiently repaired within the said city, borough or towns in that act limited, to any person or persons that after that should inhabit in the said city, borough or towns, and exercising the mysteries or craft in that act mentioned, at any higher rent, imposition or charge, than was given for the same at any time within twenty years next before the making of that act: (34) and one aa made in the fourth year of King Henry the Seventh, concerning houses of husbandry and tillage: (35) and one act made in the seventh year of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An act to avoid letting down of tomis: (36) and one act made in the

1623.] Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi. c.aS. 307

seven and twentieth year of King H the Eighth, intitu- led. An act concerning decay of houses and inckfurts: (37) and j&6 Ed.fi.c.j.

1 one act made in the fifth year of the reign of King Edward the

Sixth, intituled, An act for the maintenanc of tillage., and increast 1 of tarn: (38) and one act made in the fifth year of the reign 5 Eliz. c.«.

of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act for maintenance and - ereciftof tillage: (39) and that part of the statute made in the

1 seven and twentieth year of the reign of the late King Henry the Abbey.

1 Eighth, by which it was ordained. That all and fineular per-7 H. 8. c.t V 1 fons, bodies politick and corporate, to whom the King's majesty after that should give, grant, let, let or demile any site or precind, with the homes thereupon builded, together with the demeihes of any monastery, priory or other religious houses, that should be dissolved or given to the King by that ad, should i be bound to keep House and houshold, and occupy demesnes'in ploughing and tilling of bulbandry, as in that ad is specified, i under the pains therein contained: (40) and one statute made Wool;

1 in the fourteenth year of the reign of the late King Richard the '4 R-a*c* 4t

1 Second, against buying of wool of others than of the owner of 1 the ftieep and tithe, and every clause in the same statute: (41) Weights.and that part of one statute made in the eighth year of the reign 8 H*6-c- S* of the late King Henry the Sixth, by which it is enacted, That 1 no man may buy yarn of wool, called woolen yarn, unless he will make cloth thereof: (42) and one statute made in the fifth wool, and sixth year of the reign of the late King Edward the Sixth, j&6 Ed.6. c. 7« intituled, An act limiting the times of buying and selling of wools:

(43) and one statute made in the three and thirtieth year of the Cat^e' reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An act - 35 cerning keeping of great horses: (44) and so much of the statute War. made in the reign of King Edward the First, commonly called 13EdJ.stat.as the statute of Winehefer, as concerneth the having, keeping, and view of harness and arms: (45) and that part of the statute ftaf commonly called articuli superchartas, by which it is ordain- c.*o. 3*

ed. That none shall make rings, erodes or locks: (46) and 37 Ed. 3. c. 7. one statute made hi the seven and thirtieth year of the reign of the late King Edward the Third, by which it is ordained. That makers of white vesselg shall not gild: (47) and that part of one*H- 5>

statute made in the second year of the reign of the late King Ca

Henry the Fifth, by which goldsmiths are prohibited to take more than forty-six shillings and eight-pence for a pound Trey of silver gilt: (48) and one statute made in the second year of H. 6. c. 13. the reign of the late King Henry the Sixth, by which it is enacted, That no silver be bought for more than thirty shillings the pound of Trey: (40) and one statute made in the second year Money, of the reign of the late King Henry the Fourth, against bringing- in*H. +. c. 6. coin of Handers, Scotland, and other foreign coin: (50) and one wales,

statute made in the second year of the reign of the late King*H. 4. c. is, Henry the Fourth, by which it is enacted, That no WelJhman whole born in (Vales, and having father and mother born in Wales, shall purchase lands and tenements within the town of Chester, and other places named in that ad 3 and that no Welsh-

308

a H. 4. C. 16. 2 H. 4. c. 17.«H* 4. c. IS. 2 H. 4. a 20.

4H.4.C. 26. 4 H. 4. c. it.

4 H. 4. c. 30.

4H. 4* c* 31* 4 H. 4* c. 12.

4H. 4- c-33H. 4. c. 34.

9 H. 4* c. 3-

25 H. S. c. 1.

Hoftlcr.

ijR.a.itat.!.

c. 8.

Hostler.

4H. 4. c. 25.

Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi, c. 28. [1623.

man shall be chosen a citizen or burgess in any city, borough or merchant town; and that Welshmen be not put in certain offices, nor bear arms, and every clause thereof: (51) and one other statute made in the same year concerning arrests made by the inhabitants of Wales, and driving of distresses into Wales

(52) and ohe other statute made in the same year concerning Welshmen entering into the counties adjoining, and in the same do kill, bum, ravish, and commit any other felony or trespass:

(53) and one other statute made in the same year, by which it is enacted, That the lords of the marches of Wales shall ordain and set sufficient (luffing and ward in their castles, and ieigniories of Wales: (54) and one other statute made in the same year, by which it is established, That no Welshmen be received to purchase lands or tenements within England, nor within the boroughs or English towns of Wales; nor that no Welshman should be accepted burgefc, nor to have any other liberty within the realm, nor withm the boroughs and towns aforesaid, and every clause in every of the said statutes made in the said second year: (55J and one statute made in the fourth year of the reign of the late King Henry the Fourth, whereby it is ordained. That no Englishmen, liege to the King, be convicted by any Welshman; nor that English burgesses which have married Weljawmen, have franchises with English burgesses; (56) and one other statute made in the same year by which it is ordained. That no congregations be made or suffered to be made by the Welshmen*, but as in the said statute is appointed: (57) and one other statute made in the same year, concerning fending and bringing merchandize and armour into Wales: (58) and one other statute made in the same year, concerning Welshmen not having of castle, fortress or house of defence to keep: (59) and one other statute made in the same year, That Welshmen shall not be made justice, chamberlain, nor have certain other offices in the said statute mentioned: (60) and one other statute made in the same year, concerning storing of the castles and towns in Wales with English: (61) and one other statute made in the same year. That Englishmen marrying Welshwomen, shall not be put in offices; and every clause of the said statute made in the said fourth year: (62*) and one statute made in the ninth year of the reign of the said late King Henry the Fourth, concerning felonies and robberies done within any seigniory of Souib^WaUs: (63) and so much of one statute made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of the late King Henry the Sixth, as concerneth the confirming of statutes made before that time against Welshmen, and making void grants of franchises made to Welshmen, and concerning villains in Wales: (64) and that part of one statute made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Richard the Second, by which it is oretained, That hoftlers shall fell hay and oats at a reasonable price, so that they take not but one half-peny over the common price in the market; (65) and that part of one other statute made in the fourth year j of the reign of King Henry the Fourth, by which it is enacted, j

That 1

1623JL Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi, c. 29 — 31; 309

That hoftlers shall incur the quadruple value of t&at that he

hath taken over one half-peny of every bushel of oats above the

common price in the market: (66) and one part of the statufe Drapery.

made in the fourth and fifth year of the reign of the late King^Pk.aeM.

Philip and Queen Mary and other statutes, by which it is r&$Ed.6. c. 6.

enacted, That none shall put to sale within the realm of England 5

any coloured cloth of any other colour or colours, than are in

these acts mentioned: (67) and one other part of the same fta-

tute of Philip and Mary^ by which it is oretained, That after the first day of May then next coming, none shall use or exercise

the feat or mystery of making, /weaving or rowing of woolen

clothes long or short, or kersies, pinned whites or plain (traits,

to the intent to put the same to sale^ but only in a market-town

where cloth had used to be made by the space of ten years then

lad past, or in a city, borough or town corporate, upon the

pains therein contained: (68) and one statute made in the eigh- 1* Elite. 16.

teenth year of the reign of the late Queen Elizabeth for tolera-

tion of certain clothiers to dwell out of towns corporate: (69) repealed!1*

shall be by virtue of this act repealed/

XII. And be it also eroded, That ip much of the statute Cattle, made in the thirty-second year of the reign of the late King Henry 1*. s. c. 13. the Eighth, intituled, An act concerning the breed of horsecof higher tend"o\ht" future, as concerneth or inhibited) the putting of horses into county of certain grounds, unless they be of statures in that ad men- Cornwall, tioned, under the pains therein contained, and that giveth aur-thority to kill mares, fillies, foals or geldings, in certain cases in that ad mentioned, shall not extend to the county of Corn* wall after the end of this session of parliament.

CAP. XXIX.

An act to enable the most excellent prince Charles to make leases of EXP. lands, parcel of his Highngfs duchy of tom wall, or annexed to the same.

CAP. XXX.

A messuage called York-house, and divers other raefluages and tenements, part of the possessions of the archbishop of York, Situate in the parish of St. Martin's in the fields in the county of Middlesex, affined unto the King's most excellent majesty, his heirs, successors and assigns $ and the manors or lordships of Brighton, Santon, Acombe, alias Acorn, with Holgate, and the grange called Beckhcy grange in the county of York, or in the county of the city of York, part of his Majesty's possessions, assured to Toby, lord archbishop ot York and his successors,

CAP. XXXI.

The makers of knives and other cutlery wares in Hallamshire in the county of York, made a corporation: divers orders for the better government of the same corporation.

tO

Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi, c. 32.

[162x.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for making the river of Thames navigable for barges* boats and lighters, from the village of Bercot, in the county of Oxon, unto the university and city of Oxon.

The con vc

WHEREAS the clearing and effecting of a passage for barges,

mcnclci of W boats and lighters, by the river of Thames, to the university rivei^of Tha- Clif 9f Oxon, will be very convenient for conveyance of free-on* navi gable ft*tte, commonly called Oxford fione, or Heddington fione, from to the city of Bullington quarry, near the find city and river ^Thames, by the Oxford. fiaidpassage, to the city ^London and other parts, and most profitable and necessary to and for the find university and city of Oxon, for conveyance thereby of coals, fuel and other necessarus, to the said university and city, whereof there is now very great scarcity and want, and Jar greater hereafter like to grow, if same help therefore be not made and provided: (l) and also the said passage wtll be very behoveful for preserving of the highways leading to and from the said university and city, and other parts thereabouts, which now by continual carriages by carts are fio worn and broken, that in winter feafin they are for travellers dangerous, and hardly to be amended and continued paffabU without exceeding charge: (3) and whereas the said river of Thames* for many miles beyond the said city of Oxford, westward, is already navigable and paffabU for boats of good burthens and contents, and likewise is already navigable for barges from London to the village ^Bercot in the county of Oxford, being within six or seven miles of the city of Oxford, whither and from whence, by the carriage of font, iron and other provision, by carts, the highways are spoiled, as aforesaid: (4) and whereas the said river may easily be made paffabU and navigable for barges, boats or lighters, between the aforesaid university and city of Oxford and the village of Bercot aforesaid, by removing some lets and impediments, by which means the said university aAd city of Oxford shall be greatly relieved and helped: (5) be it therefore ordained and enacted by the King's majesty, the lords spiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the lord chancellor or lord ofaTVamcsIVCr ^cePer of great of England for the time being, at 1 any time after the end of this present session of parliament, shall and may at the request of the chancellor of the said university, or his vice-chancellor, for the time being, appoint and authorize by commiflitfn under the great seal or England eight of, whereof four to be of or for the university aforesaid, to be chosen by the said chancellor of the said university, or his vice-chancellor, for the time being, and by them or either of them to be nominated and certified to the aforesaid lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great seal of England, and four to be of or for the city of Oxon, to be chosen and nominated by the mayor, bailiffs and commonalty of the said city of Oxford for the time being, and to be certified by them as aforesaid; (6) which said of or the mojre part of

them

Eight commiflicmers shall be appointed to

navigable from Oxford to Bercot.

l&j.] Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi, c. 32. % n

them shall have full power to cleanse, fcowre, open and make navigable the said river of Thames from the said city of Oxon to the village of Bcrcoc aforesaid, and for that purpose to dig the banks of the said river or other ground, ditch, brook or (bream near thereunto adjoining, and to cut away all trees and roots of trees that may be hurtful or hindrance to the said paf-

(age, and to open, prepare or make all wears and locks or turnpikes fit for the said passage, and to remove any thing that shall be any impediment or (top to the clearing and making of the said passage; and likewise to cut, fcowre or open any other ft ream or water-course that shall be most convenient for making the said passage or river navigable $ and likewise to make and erect any wharfs, locks or turnpikes, or pens for water, in or near the said river or passage, that shall be fit or necessary for the same, and to bring, lay and work all materials requisite for the making, erecting and repairing of the said locks or turnpikes upon the banks or ground near the said river or passage.

II. And for that the thing of the things aforesaid may be prejudicial The commit to the inheritance and profit of divers persons, bodies politick or cor- J11

porate* that have land adjoining to the said river or passage, (a) and satisfy all be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the com-parties that missioners aforesaid or the more part of them, before they do "jay be dam-jneddle with the lands, inheritance or possession of any person ^re^by or persons, bodies politick or corporate, shall first agree with rK*' such persons, or body politick or corporate, for the loss and damage that any of them shall any way receive by the making of the said passage or any thing concerning the same; (3) and if the said of or the more part of them, and the party or parties owner of such lands, inheritance or possessions, cannot agree touching the value thereof, that then the three next justices of peace of the county where the land doth lie, being no parties, nor dwelling within the university or city of Oxony nor interested in the foil, dwelling nearest to the said land or inheritance, or in their default the justices of assize of the said county of to, shall determine, appoint and set down what and how much satisfaction every such person or persons, body politick or corporate, shall have for or in respect of the said loues so by him or them to be sustained> and the said price or value so set down by them shall bind all parties: (4) which agreement or order so made shall be set down in writing under the hands and seals of the said of and parries, upon die agreement between them made, or of the said justices of the peace, or justices of assize of the said county, which shall set down the said price for satisfaction, within three months after the first resort unto them for that cause, according to this act, and the same to be kept among the evidences of the said university, and to be registred in the lieger-book of the said university, and to beinrolled in the court of the said city of Oxford; (5) and that then upon payment of such sum or Aims of money so agreed upon or ordered as aforesaid, or tender thereof maae, with purpose to pay the same, it shall then be lawful to and for the said of

jit Anno vicesimo prime Jacobi, c. 32. [1623.

missioners or the more part of them, to dig and make or caufl to be digged or made, the said locks, wharfs, passage, or <k any such other alt for which any such agreement or ordbr shal be made as aforesaid. 1

III. And for that the said pa/fagi cannot be effofted and maintained without great charge, and that the principal benefit thereof will rew

a»u tlound immediately to the unherjity and city of Oxford aforesaid, (2) dtyof Oxford^ therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at reasonable the said of, or the more part of them, by this present act shall have full power and authority to tax and assess the inhabitants within the said university and city of Oxon9 or with* in either of them, and suburbs thereof, and bodies politick and corporate within the same, at such reasonable sums and payments for the purposes foresaid, as they in their discretions shall think meet; the said sums and every of them to be disposed and itnployed for and towards the bearing of thecharge of making and maintaining of the said passage.

IV. And whereas the said university and city are the procurers of the said passage, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

The comtniffiooen may tax the university and

sums for the effecting of the said paffcge.

Th

con

may

itute

7.

lfti __________ ^__________

of^of the* That the^of aforesaid, 0/the more part of them.

laid passage.

by virtue of this act, shall have power and authority from time I to time, with the consent of the vice-chancellor of the said university, and mayor of the city of Oxford, for the time being, to ordain and make orders and constitutions for the good and orderly usage of the said passage, and for all locks, wears or turnpikes thereof, to be made and maintained at the charge of the university and city of Oxon aforesaid; and for all boats, boatmen, passengers, wharfs, carriages and rates for carriages, by or through the said passage, and all things concerning the same; and to set, lay and execute such reasonable pains and punishments upon the breakers thereof as they shall think fit: (2) nevertheless, the justices of assize of the said county of Oxford for the time being, upon complaint made to them oy any person grieved with the said taxations, assessments, charges, orders, constitutions, pains and punishments or any of them, shall and may abridge, moderate or reform the same, as they shall find just pause.

When any of V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissio- when any of the said of shall happen to die, or be-lord chan-thC come un"t forhe service, that then and so osten, it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great sea! of England for the time being, from time to time to supply, appoint and authorize one commissioner or so many of to be nominated, chosen and certified as aforesaid, out of and for the said university or city respectively, as shall make and fill up the full number of eight commis-The commis- fl0ners: (fc) an<l that the of aforesaid or the more Turners may part of them, by the authority of this all, shall have full power >1- to choose, nominate and appoint one or more such person or persons as they shall think fit, to collell, gather and lay out the said fcYcral sums; and the person and persons so appointed

shall

cellor, & c. may appoint others.

appoint col leftors 01 the tux.

1623.] Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi, c. 33 — 35. 313

shall gather and take up the said sums assessed, by distress and sale of the goods of every person refusing to pay the tax or assess-merit imposed upon him, restoring to the person whose goods shall be so distrained, the overplus (if any be) of the price thereof, being fold. (3) And forthat the said f passage from Bercot aforesaid to the said city of Oxford, is against die stream, the barges, boats, lighters or other vessels, must of necessity in some places and at some times be haled up by the strength of men, horses, winches, engines or other means in that behalf

convenient; be it therefore enacted by the authority of this The boatmen, present act, That it shall and may be lawful to and for water- &c. may go on 1 men, boatmen, bargemen and other helpers of them, in convenient places, to have and use winches, ropes and other en- tu*'gines, and with the same by strength of men and horses or either of them, going up the land or banks near the said river 1 or passage, through the said passage, without the hindrance, trouble or impeachment of any person or persons, to draw or hale up the barges, boats, lighters or other vessels, doing none other narm than only by going or treading upon the said land or banks near adjoining as aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, That no privileged person of the uni- a prorifo for verfity of Oxford (half be taxed as aforesaid, without the con- the tax of the sent of two or more of the commissioners of or for the said uni- u."lvcrfity verfity, nor any freemen inhabiting of or in the said city, or01

the suburbsor liberties thereof, shall be taxed as aforesaid, without the consent of two or more of the commissioners of or for the said city.

VII. Provided also, That this act, nor any thing therein The course contained, shall give power and authority to the said commis- 5"* chan5^ sioners or enable them to, do any act or thing, whereby the said not*bT&-river of Thames shall be diverted or turned out of his ancient verted.

course or chanel, wherein the same now runneth, or to draw more water thence than shall conveniently fervefor the said passage.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority of this present parliament. That one act of parliament made in the third year of the King's majesty's reign, the twentieth chapter, (intituled, An act for clearing the passage by water from London to 3 Jac» l.c.ia, and beyond the city of Oxon) shall be from henceforth utterly

repealed and of none eflfeft 6 W 7 W* 3, r. 16. This to be deemed afublick act, 3 Geo. 2. c. n./ 26.

CAP. XXXIII.

Four entire ftibiidies granted by the spiritualty. EXP.

CAP. XXXIV.

The temporality considering that the King might be engaged in a present par by breaking of the two treaties with Spain, viz. The one of the marriage, ^nd the other of the restitution of the Palatine, freely grants unto his Majesty three entire subsidies, and three fifteens and tenths, whereof 18000 pounds shoulu be imployed towards the repair of certain decayed cities and towns, and the rendue was to be expended in the jnanagingpf the expected war: Now for the better imployment of those;

ponies, eight citizens of London are appointed to be treasurers, and tpsx other lclefted persons to be of his Majesty's council for the war,

all

£14 Anno primo Caroli. c.i.

[1625.

alt wfeich <haH make oath, viz. the treasurers, that none of those monies should issue out of their hands without warrant from the said council of war j and the other, that they should make no warranto for the payment of any of those monies, but only for the end above-mentioned j and further, should all be accountable for their doings and proceedings in that bebalf, to the commons in parliament, when they or any or them should be thereunto required. '£ X P.

CAP. XXXV.

A confirmation of the King's general and free pardon, except. See. EXP.

Cro.Car.44*.

Anno Regni Caroli Regis,

Francia & Hibernia,

At the parliament begun at Westminster the eighteenth day of June Anno Dom. one thousand six hundred twenty-five in the first year of the reign of our most gracious sovereign lord Charles» by the grace of God, of Great,

France and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &e. And there continued until the eleventh day of July following; and then adjourned until the first day of August following, unto Oxford i To the nigh pleasure of Almighty God, and to the wealpublick of this realm, were enacted as followeth.

There shall be no assemblies for unlawful pastimes upon the Lord's day.

Unlawful meetings and pastimes on

CAP. L

An act for punishing divers abuses committed on the Lord's day, called Sunday.

FORASMUCH as there is nothing more acceptable to God than the true and sincere service and worship of him according to his holy will, and that the holy keeping of the Lord's day is a principal part of the true service of God, which in very many places of this realm hath been and now is profaned and neglected by a disorderly fort of people, in exercising and frequenting bear-baiting, bull-baiting, interludesy common plays and other unlawful exercises and pastimes upon the Lords day; and for that many quarrels, bloodjheds and other great inconveniences have grown by the resort and concourse of people going out of iheir own fmrishes to such disordered and unlawful exercises and pafimesy neglecting divine service both in their own parishes and elsewhere; (a) be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, the lords fpijritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present

1625.'] Anno pritno Caroli. C. 2, 3. 315

present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, the Lord's That from and after forty days next after the end of this session dy forbidden, of parliament, there shall be no meetings, assemblies or con* course of people out of their own parishes on the Lord's day,

'within this realm of England or any the dominions thereof, for 1

any sports and pastimes whatsoever; (3) nor any bear-baiting, bull-baiting, interludes, common plays or other unlawful exercises and pastimes, used by any person or persons within their own parishes; (4) and that every person or persons offending Every person it) any the premises, shall forfeit for every offence three fhil- ofing any un-lings four-pence, the same to be employed and converted to ^'^1*"* the use of the poor of the parish where such offence shall be committed; (5) and that any one justice of the peace of the fen'is. +d. county or the thief officer or officers of any city, borough or to the poor of town corporate, where such offence shall be committed, upon P»nd>* his or their view or confession of the party, or proof of any one or more witness by oath, which the said justice or chief officer or officers shall by virtue of this act have authority to minister,

shall find any person offending in the premisses, the said justice or chief officer or officers shall rite-warrant under his or their After convic. hand and foal, to the coristables and church-wardens of the t, °"?* war* parish or parishes where such offence shall be committed, to levy the said penalty so to be assessed, by way of distress and sale the constables, of the goods of every such offender, rendnng to the said of- &c- may levy fenders the overplus of the money raised of the said goods so penalty, to be sold; and in default of such distress, that the party of- c* fending be set publickly in the stocks by the space of three hours; (6) and that if any man be sued or impeached for execution of this law, he shall and may plead the general iffiieand General iflbe. give the said matter of justification in evidence: (7) provided. Limitation of that no man be impeached by this act except he be called intht &>o&* question within one month next after the said offence committed: (8) provided also, that the ecclesiastical jurisdiction within Theeccleji-this realm or any the dominions thereof, by virtue of this act or any thing therein contained, shall not be abridged, but that bridged? the ecdefialtical court may punish the said offences as if this act had not been made. (9) This act to continue until the end of the first session of the next parliament smd no longer.

3 Car. 1.c. 4. Continued until the end of the firstJefftoH of the next parliament, and farther continued by 16 Car. I. c. 4. and enforced by 29 Car. 2. c. 7.

Cap. n.

An act to enable the King"* majesty to make leases of lands, parcel of his sijac.i_c.sj, Highness duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same. All leases to be made within three years by the Ring's majesty, of the duchy lands of Cornwall, shall be good. Except they be made for above thirty-one vears or three lives, &c. The ancient rent to be reserved, and it pone anciently, a reasonable rent. Covenants, See. contained in such leases shall be good. The right of others saved.

CAP. III.

An act for the ease in obtaining oflicences of alienation, and in the pleading of alienations with licence, or of pardons of alienations without licence,

in

Anno primo Caroli- C. 4--6.

[162$.

in the court of exchequer, or elsewhere. it Car. a. c. 14. jfl/ fiats* Jeixttres and pardons Jar aiuuations9 and all incidents thereunto9 at/ taken away and discharged.

CAP. IV.

an for the further refiraint of tippling in, and other villualling-houses.

Foreigner*, as WHEREAS in the U/I parliament it was mailed. That if any well as inhabi- person or persons, wheresoever his or their habitation or abiding tent*, shall not should after be fund upon view, or his own or proof

to tipple in °fm witness, to he tippling in an or;

innt, ale- such person or persons should be thenceforth a to

house». See. be within the statutes of the firs andfourth years of the late King's ma- Jac.«. c.jesty's reign. King James of famous memory; the one , An

jac. 1. c. 5. to restrain the inordinate haunting of tippling in inns, aJe-houses, and other victualling-houses; and the other An act to reprefe the odious and loathsome fin of drunkenness; as if be or they had inhabited and dwelled in, the city town,

market-town, village or hamlet where the inn, or viflual-

ling-heuse was or should be, where he or they should be tippling,

should incur the like penalty, and the fathe to be in such fort levied and disposed, as in the find act is expressed, as there

inhabit; (2) but no punishment by any or either of the fold alls or by any other statute, is infilled upon the alehouse-keeper

or vUhuUtr, that permits orfujfers such person or persons not there

inhabiting, to tipple in his inn, alehouse or vtHuaUing-house: (3) for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That every inn-keeper, alehouse-keeper and other victualler, that at any time after the end of this session of parliament shall permit and fuller any person or persons not inhabiting in the city, town corporate, market town, village or hamlet, where such inn, alehouse or vic-tualling-house is or shall be to tipple in the said inn, alehouse or victualling-house, contrary to the true intent of any or either of the said former statutes, the said inn-keeper, alehouse-keeper and victualler so offending shall incur the same penalty, and in such manner to be proved, levied and disposed, as in the former s Jae. e.Astute of the first year of his said late Majesty's reign is appointed for permitting such to tipple as dwell in the lame city, town corporate, market-town, village or hamlet, vintner* and n. And be it further enacted, That the keepers of taverns, victualler* to an(j such as fell wine in their houses, and do also keep inns or and Aepthw v'&u^hng in their houses, shall be taken to be within the said two fonper statutes, and also within this statute.

CAP. V.

Three intire fobfidies granted by the spiritualty. EXP.

CAP. VI.

Two intire fnbfidie, granted by the temporalty. EXP.

1627.] Anno tertio Caroli. c.i. 317

CAP. VII.

This feffioH of parliament (by reafen of the incrtafe of the sickness and other incottvemencits of the requiring a Speedy adjournment, nevertheless) shall not determine by his Majestfs royal assent to tins andfome other alls. EXP.

III. AND all statutes and acts of parliament which are to Acts that are' JLX. have continuance unto the end of this present session, 10 shall be of full force after the said adjournment, until this pre- in sent session be fully ended and determined: (3) and if this fef- force.

(ion shall determine by dissolution of this present parliament, then

all the acts -aforesaid mail be continued until the end of the first

session of the next parliament: (4) and all statutes and acts of When the acts

parliament which before the said adjournment shall pass by his Jjow

Majesty's royal assent, shall be put in execution immediately af- take effect.

ter forty days after the said adjournment, notwithstanding that

by the words or letters of the said acts or any of them, they he

limited to take effect, or be put in execution, from or at any

time after the end of this present session.

Anno RegniCaroli Regis Anglia, Scotia, Francia

& Hibernia, tertio.

AT tie parliament begun at Westminster the Seventeenth day of March, Anno Dom. one thousand six hundred twenty seven, in the third year of the reign of our

cious Sovereign lord Charles, by the Grace of God, ^England, Scotland, France and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. and there continued until the day of

June following, and then prorogued unto the twentieth day of October next ensuing, to the high of Almighty

God, and to the weal publick of this realm, were enabled as followeth.

The petition exhibited to his Majesty by the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, concerning divers rights and liberties of the subjects, with the King's majesty's royal answer thereunto in full parliament.

To the King's most excellent majesty.

HUMBLY Shew unto our Sovereign lord the the lords fpU The petition, ritual and temporal, and commons in parliament assembled, of right.

That whereas it is declared and matted by a flatuse made in the time of the reign of King Edward-/Ar First commonly tailed Statutum de hF.iI.t. (tat*. tailagio non concedendo, That no tallage or aid shall be laid er le- c-

vied by the King or his heirs in this realm, without the good will and assent of the archbishops, bishops, earls, barons, knights,

and

ajEd.i.stat.i. c. 6.

s Ed.3. Rat. % c. 6.

ix R.». c. 9.

s R. 3. c. x.

9H.3. Hat. 1. c. 19.

18 Ed. 3. c. 3.

37Ed.3. c. 18. 38Ed.j.stat.». c. 9.

4* Ed. 3. c. 3. S7R. a. c. 6.

Inst. 187.

Anno tertio Caroli. c.i.

[1627.

other the freemen of the commonalty of this realm; (2) and by authority of parliament holden in the five and twentieth year of the reign of King Edward the Thirds it is declared and enabled* That from thenceforth no per fan should be compelled to mate any loans to the King against his will* bicause such leans were against reason and the frandnfe of the land; (3) and by other laws of this ream it is provided, That none should be charged by any charge or imposition called a benevolence* nor by such like charge: (4) by which the fatutes before mentioned and other the good laws and statutes of this realm* your subjects have inherited this freedom* That they should not be compelled to contribute to any tax* tallage* aid or other like charge not fit by common consent in parliament.

II. Yet nevertheless* of late divers commissions dire bled to funiry of in several counties* with injlrublions* have issued* by means whereof your people have been in divers places assembled* and required to lend certainJums of money unto your Majesty and many of them* upon their refusal so to do* have had an oath administred unto them not warrantable by tie laws or statutes of this realm* and have been conjlrained to become bound to make appearance and give attendance before your privy council and in other places* and others of them have been therefore imprisoned* confined* and sundry other ways mo-lefied and disquieted; (2) and divers other charges have been laid and levied upon your people in several counties by lord lieutenants* deputy lieutenants* of for muflers, justices of peace and others* by command or direction from your Majesty* or your privy council* against the laws and free customs of the realm.

III. And white also by the statute called The great charter of the liberties of England, it is declared and enabled* That no freeman may be taken or imprisoned* or be disfeifed of his freehold or liberties, or his free customs* or be outlawed or exiled* or in manner destroyed*-but by the lawful judgment of his peers* or by the la w of the land.

IV. And in the eight and twentieth year of the reign of King Edward the Third* it was declared and enabled by authority of parliament* That no man of what estate or condition that he be* JboulA be put out of his hnd or tenements, nor taken* nor imprisoned* nor dishe-rited* nor put to death without being brought to answer by due process of law:

V. Nevertheless against the tenor of the said statutes* and other the good Jaws andflames of your realm to that end provided, divers of your subjects have of late been imprisoned without any cause jbew id; (2) and when for their deliverance they were brought before your justices by your Majesty's writs habeas corpus, there to undergo and receive as the court should order, and their keepers commanded to certify the causes of their detainer* no cause was certified, but that they were detained by your Majesty's special command* Jtgmfied by the lords of your privy council* and yet were returned bad to several pri-fens* without being charged with any thing to which they might make answer according to the law:

VI. And whereas of late great companies of foliiers and mariners have been dispersed into divers counties of the realm* and the inhabitants against their wills have been compelled to receive them into their

16*7.] Anno tertio Caroli. c.i.

hcufis, end there to sass or them itagainji the laws and cu-sims of thit realm, end to tie great grievance and vexation of the people:

319

VII. And whereat alft by atdborily of parliament, in the five and ajEd.3.

twentieth yeartf the retgn of King Edward the it is declared c-

and mailed, Teat no man /could he forejudged of life or limb against the form of the great charter and the law of the land; (a) end by 9H.3. flat. the fend great charter and other the laws and statutes of this your c. >9. realm, no man ought to be adjudged to death but by the laws5^-1

ed in this your realm, either by the custonu of the same realm, or by

acts of parliament: (3) and whereas no offender of what kind foovtr '3' '3*

is exempted from the proceedings to be uftd, and to

filled by the laws and statutes of this your realmnevertheless of late time divers commissions tender your Majestfs great seal have issued forth, by which certain porfens have been ajfgned and appointed missioners with power and authority to proceed within toe land, according to the justice of martial law, against such soldiers or mariners, or other dtjfokte persons joining with them, as should commit any murder, robbery, felony, mutiny or other outrage or misdemeanor whatsoever, and by suchjummary course and order as is agreeable to martial law, and as is used in armies in time of war, to proceed to the trial and condemnation of fiuhoffenders, and them to cattfe to be executed and pm to death according to the law martial:

VIII. By pretext whereof same of your Majesty's fulfills have been

by same of the said commfjvmers put to deathwhen and where, if by the laws and statutes of the land they bad defined death, by the same laws and statutes cifi they might, and by no other ought to have been judged and executed:

IX. And cdfo sundry grievous offenders, by colour thereof claiming

an exemption, have tfiapedthe pimishments due to them by the laws

and statutes of this your realm, by rtafan that of year officers and ministers of justics have unjsft/y refufid or forborn to proceed against such offenders according to the same laws and statutes, upon pretence that the said offenders were punishable only by martial law, and by authority of fiuhsemmiffums as aforesaid: (a)

and all other of like nature, arc wholly and contrary to the said laws andjiatutesof this your realm:

X. They do therefore humbly pray your most excellent Majesty, That no man hereafter be compelled to make or yield any J 5 gift, loan, benevolence, tax, or such-like charge, without common consent by act of parliament; (2) and that none be caUed to make answer, or take such oath, or to give attendance, or be confined, or otherwise molested or disquieted concerning the same, or for refusal thereof; (3) and that no freeman, in any such manner as is before-mentioned, be imprisoned or detained;

(4) and that your Majesty would he pleased to remove the said loft. 51. soldiers and mariners, and that your people may not be so burthened in time to come; (5) and that the aforesaid commissions, for proceeding by martial law, may be revoked and annulled; and that hereafter no commissions of like nature may issue forth to any person or persons whatsoever to be executed as aforesaid,

Anno tertio CaroLl c. 2. [1627.

left by colour of them any of your Majesty's subjefb be dcftrov-ed, or put to death contrary to the laws and fctnchife of toe land.

XI. All which they most humbly pray of your most excellent Majesty as their rights and liberties, according to the laws and statutes of this realm; and that your Majesty would also vouch-safe to declare. That the awards, doings and proceedings, to the prejudice of your people in any of the premiflcs, shall not be drawn hereafter into consequence or example; (2) and that.your Majesty would be also graciously pleased, for the further

comfort and fefety of your people, to declare your royal will and pleasure. That in the things aforesaid all your officers and ministers shall serve you according to the laws and statutes of this realm, as they tender the honour of your Majesty, and the prosperity of this Kingdom. Qua quidem petition leftd plenties tnteUeftA per dictum dormnum regent taliter eft responsum in pleno par-Uamento, viz. Soit droit salt come eft desire.

CAP. I. (II.)

An act for the further reformation of fundty abuses committed on the Lord?* day, commonly called Sunday.

A carrier, See. FORASMUCH as the Lord's dajy commonly called Sunday, is lJjat 0, 1 A1 much broken and profaned by carriers^ waggoners, carters, wain-shall forfeit* butchers y and drovers of cattle, to the great dishonour if Gody so s. °nd reproach of religion: (2) be it therefore enacted by the King's

most excellent majesty, and the lords spiritual and temporal, and by the commons, in this present. parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no carrier with any horse or horses, nor waggon-men with any waggon or waggons, nor carmen with any cart or carts, nor wainman with any wain or wains, nor drovers with any cattle, shall after forty "days next after the end of this present session of parliament, by themselves, or any other, travel upon the said day, upon pain that every person and persons so offending shall lose and forfeit twenty (hil-Butchers that*n8s f°T every such offence: (3) or if any butcher, by himself fell or kill vie- or any other for him by his privity or consent, shall after the wponffiatend of the said forty days kill or fell any vidual upon the said ftdt 6sTid* t*lcn evciT ^ch butcher shall forfeit and lose for every such offence the sum of six shillings and eight-pence; (4) the said offences and every of them being done in view of any justice of peace, mayor or other head officer, of any city or town corporate within their limits respectively, or being proved upon oath by two or more witnesses, or by the confession of the party offending, before any such justice, mayor or head officer, within their several limits respectively, wherein such offence shall be committed; to which end every such justice, mayor or head officer, shall have power by this a St to minister an oath to such After convic- wjtness or witnesses: (5) all which sums or penalties shall or sismnt from may be levied by any constable or church-warden, by warrant a justice, See, from any such justice or justices of the peace, mayor or other*head officer, as aforesaid, within their several limits where such

offence

i6iyJ\ Anno terfio Caroli. c. 2. (3) '32

offence shall be committed or done, by distress and sale of thi Wnstable*, Offenders goodsj rendring to the party the overplus, or shall be recovered by any person Or persons that Will sue for the same, by turet to so, bill, plaint or infonnation, in any of his Majesty's courts of re- use of the cord, in any city or town corporate, before his Majesty's justices poor i or they of the peace in theft general sessions of the peace r (6) all which m?Lbhrfl?« forfeitures shall be implbyed to and for the use of the poor or e^1 ' the parishes where the said offences shall be committed of done, laving only that it shall tfe lawful to and for any such justice^ mayor or Head officer, out of the said forfeitures, to reward any such person or persons that shall inform dr otherwise profecufe any person or persons offending against this present aQ, according to their discretions, lb that such reward exceed not the third part of the forfeiture: (7) provided that such bill, plaint or in* formation, shall be commenced, sued and prosecuted in the county, city of towh corporate, where such offence shall bd committed and done, and not elsewhefe wherein no essoin, protection or wager of law shall! be allowed to the defendant:

(8) provided always, That it shall be lawful for siny constable or churchwarden, that shall have any suit Otj action brought a* gainst them for any distress by them or any of them to be takeii by force of this present act, to plead the general issue, and to give the special matter in evidence: (9) provided likewise, Thai no person at persons whatsoeVCr shall be impeached by this act, unlefe he be thereof questioned within six months after the of- fence committed: (it) provided further, That this act shall nol in any (brt abridge or take away the authority of the courts ec- defianical. (11) This act to continue to the end of the tirft fef» fion of the next parliament. Enforced 29 Car. 2. 7.

CAP. II. (Ill, )

An act torefirain the faffing or fending of any to be fopifhb/*

bred beyond the seas.

FORASMUCH as divers iU-assessed perjbris lo the trite religion A rfcdftdlrt td

estabtijbedwithin this realm, have sent their children into foreign passage or.parts to be bred up in Popery, notuiithjlanding the restraint thereof bf fendiitgany the Jlatutt made its tfte first pear of the reign of our late sovereign lord King J&meS of famous memory j bfe it enacted, That the Grid statute popishly bred, shall be put in due execution: (2) and be it further enacted by 1 Jsc. x. c. 4. the King's moty excellent majesty5 and the lofds spiritual and ^ethatgoeth temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in case any person or other beyond persons under the obedience of the King, his heirs and succes- the Teas to be fors, at any time after the end of this session of parliament, shall trained up in pals or go, or shall convey or fend, or cause to be sent or conveyed, any child or other person, out of any of the King's do-- Med to sue, &e. minions, into any the parts oeyond the seas, out of the King's and shall lofeall obedience, to the intent and purpose to enter into, dr be red- W«gopdx, and dent of trained up in, any priory, abbey, nunnery, popish university, college or school, or house of jesuits, priests, or in any for life.'private popish family, and shall be there by any jesuits. semina-7 Elia. c. 1. Vot. VII, Y xy, |jac., c. J.

£R AttOO tcrtjo UAROU, C. 2. L1D27

ry priertsjfrier, monk, or other popish , inlf ru<sted, perfwad. ed or fccqfff hened in the popish religion, in any fort to profess th same, or in ail convey or fend, or caqfe to be conveyed or sent, by dte hands or means of any person whatsoever, any sum 01 sums of money, or other thine, for or towards the m^intenano) of any child or other person already gone or sent, or to go or be sent, and trained and instructed as is aforesaid, qr under tht name or colour of any charity, bcnevqleqfe or alms*. toward) the relief of any priory, abbey, nunnery, ooliege, festool,

any religious house whatsoever; eycry person so lending, ' conveying, or causing to be sent and cpoveypd, as well any fuel) child or other person, as any sum or sums of money, or other thing, and every person passing or being sent beyond the seas, bong thereof lawfully convicted, in or upon any information, presentment or indictment, as is aforesaid, shall be difebled from thenceforth to sue or use any action, bill, plaint or information, in course of law, or to profecqte any fojt ip any court of equity, or to be committee of any ward, or executqr or adroiraftratewr to any person, or capable of any legacy or deed of gift, or to bear any office within the realm} (3) and shall lose and forfeit all his goods and chattels, and shall forfeit all his lands, tenements and hereditaments, rents, annuities, offices and estates oS freehold, for and during his natural life*

A convert flail H. Provided always, That no person sent er conveyed as a-not incur the foresaid, that shall within six months after his return into this g realm conform himself unto the present religion established in a* Eliz.'c. s. dwrch of England, and receive the fscrameot of the Lord's supper, according to the statutes made concerning conformity in other cases required from popish recusents, shall, incur any the penalties aforesaid.

III. And it is enacted, That all and every the offences against this statute may be enquired, heard and determined before the justices of the King's bench, or justices of assize or gaol-delivery, or of oyer apa terminer., of such counties where the offend-

ers did last dwell or abide, or whence they departed out of this kingdom, or where they were taken.

Iv. Provided also, That if any person or child, so passing or lent, or now being beyond the sea, shall after his return info this realm conform himself to this religion established in the church of England, and receive the sacrament of the Lord his supper, according to the ilatutes made for or concerning conformity in other cases required from popish recusents, for and during such time as he or she shall so continue in such conformity and obedience, according to the true intent and meaning of the said laws and Ilatutes, mall have his or her lands rellored to them again.

Anno tertio CAROti, c. 3. (4)

CAP. III, (IV.)

An act for the better [upprejfing of unjicenced alebouji-keeper*.

WHEREAS by an act made in the fifth year of the reign of King The forfefoira Edward the Sixth, offamous memory, intituled, An adfc for and Pu*-Jteeperi of alehouses to be bound by recognizance, amongst other things it is enacted, That if any person or persons, other than such as alehouse vritK-. should be from thenceforth admitted and allowed by the justices men- out licence. Honed in the said act, should after the day in the said act limited, ob- 5 & 6 Ed- fiinately and upon his own authority, take upon him or them to keep a c*151 gammon alehouse or tippling-house, or should contrary to the command-fnent of the said jufiicesy or two of them, use commonly felling of ale ar beer9 that then said justices of peace9 or'two of them (whereof on4 io be of the quorum) should for every such offence commit every such person or persons so offending to the common gaol within the same Joire, city, borougPy town corporate, franchise or liberty* there to remain without bail on ffiainprije by the (face of three days: (2) and before his or their deliverance, the said justices should take recognizance of him or them so committed, with two Jure ties, that he or they should not keep any common alehouse, tippling-houses or use commonly felling of ale or beer, as by the discretion o f the said justices should seem convenient: (3) and the said justices should make certificate ef every such recognizance and offence at the next quarter-sessions that should be holden within ibe same shire* city, borough town corporate, franchise or liberty where the same should be committed or done 5 (4) which certificate should fie a Sufficient conviction in law of the same offence: (5) and the said justices of peace, upon the said certificate made, should in open sessions ajfefs the fine for every such offence, at twenty shillings, as by the said act may appear; (6) which law hath not wrought such reformation as was intended, for that the said fine of tweniy shillings is seldom levied, and for that many of toe said offenders, bj reason of their poverty, are neither, able to pay the said fine of twenty Jbiilings, nor yet to bear their own charges of conveying them to the gaol; and moreover. do leave a great charge of Wife and children upon the parijfies wherein they live: in regard whereof, the constables and Other officers ai'i much discouraged in presenting them, and the offend* ers become obfiinate and incorrigible:

II. Foi* remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority of He that kee|>s this present parliament, That if any person or persons, afterl«house, forty days next ensuing tht end of this present session of parlia- licence foall ment, mall upon his own authority, not being the reunto law- forfeit aoa. fully licenced, take upon hitn, her or them, to keep a common alehouse or tippling-house, of use commonly felling of ale, beer; cyder or perry, that then every such person or persons shall for tvery such offence forfeit and lose the sum of twenty shillings of current money of England, to the use of the poor of the parish where such offence shall be committed^ the same offence being viewed and seen by any mayor, bailiff or justice of peace, of other head officer within their several limits, or confessed by


3*4

The confta-bleiorchurch-wardens AaU levy the said forfeiture to the uic of the poor.

The party that is not able to pay the forfeiture shall be whipped.

The officer neglecting to putiifh the offender shall be imprisoned, or pay 40s.

For the second and third offence the offender shall be committed to the house of correction.

Anno feftto Caroli. C.j. (4} [1627.

the party so offending, or proved by the oath of two witnesses, to be talcen before any mayor, bailiff or other head officer, or any one or more justice or justices of the peace, who by virtue of this act shall be authorized to minister the said oath to any person or persons that can or will justify the lame, being within the limits of their said commission: (2) the said penalty to be levied by the constables or churchwardens of the parish or parishes where the said offence shall be committed, who shall be accountable therefore to the use of the poor of the said parish, by way of distress to be taken and detained by warrant or precept from the said mayor, bailiff, justice or justices or other head-officer by whom the said offence shall be viewed, or before whom the same shall be confefied or proved as aforesaid: (3) and for default of satisfaction within three days next ensuing, the said distress to be by the said constables or churchwardens appraised and fold, and the overplus to be delivered to the party or parties offending, and this to be only for the first offence: (4) and if such offender or offenders shall not have sufficient goods and chattels, whereby the said twenty shillings may be levied by way 1 of distress as aforesaid, or shall not pay the said sum of twenty fhil-lipgs within six days after such conviction as aforesaid; That then the said mayor, bailiff, Justice or justices, or other head officer before whom the said offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall commit all and every the said offender or offenders to some constable or constables, or other inferior officer or officers of the city, borough, town, parish or hamlet, where the offence shall be committed, or the party apprehended, to be openly whipped for the said offence, as the said justice or justices shall limit or appoint.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any constable or inferior officer shall neglect to execute the said precept or warrant, or do refuse, or do not execute, by himself or some other to be by him appointed, upon the offender, the punishment limited by this statute, that in that case it shall and may be lawful for the said mayor, bailiff, justice and justices of peace or other head, officer, to commit the constable or other inferior officer so refuting, or not executing the said punishment by himself or some other, to the common gaol of the said county, city or towm corporate, there to remain without bail or main-j rize, until the said offender or offenders shall be by the said constable or constables, or other inferior officer so refusing, or not executing the said punishment, or some by his or their procurement, punished or whipped as is above limited and declared, or until he or they so neglecting or refusing shall have paid the sum of forty shillings of lawful money of England, unto the use of the poor of the parish, for their said contempt.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the said offender or offenders, being an unlicenced alehouse-keeper, shall offend in any of the premisses the second time, and be thereof lawfully convicted in manner and form aforesaid, That then the said mayor, bailiff, justice or justices of peace or other head officer,

16z7.] Anno tertio CAROLI. c. 4, (5) 32.5

shall commit him, her or them unto the house of correction, there to remain for the space of one month, and be dealt withal as idle, lewd and disorderly persons: (2) and if such person or persons shall again offend, and shall be thereof convicted as aforesaid, That then the said offender or offenders for every such offence shall be committed unto the said house of correction as aforesaid, there to remain until by order of the justices in their general sessions for the county, city, borough or firanchife, he, 'the or they shall be delivered from thence.

V. Provided always, That such offender or offenders as shall The offender be punished by virtue of this act, shall not be punished again l^/dfbed by, for the same offence by the former act made in the fifth year of King Edward the Sixth afore mentioned; (2) and that such of- punished by fender or offenders as shall be punished by virtue of the before 5 & 6 Ed. 6. mentioned act made in the fifth year of King Edward the Sixth, c-$ $ econ-shall not be punished again for the same offence by virtue of this present act, nor any thing therein Contained..'

' VL Provided always, That in such towns and places where Alehouse* any fair or fairs shall be kept, that/or the time only of the sameePt jh.e fair or fairs it shall be lawful for every person or persons to use excepted* " common felling of ale or beer in booths or other places there, for the relief or the King's subjects that shall repair unto the same, in such like manner and fort as hath been used and done in times past $ this act, or any thing therein contained, to the contrary notwithstanding. 1 Jot. 1.c.g. 4 Jac. 1. r. 4. f. 7. 1 Car. 1. #.4,

CAP. IV. (V.)

An act for continuance and repeal of divers statutes.

BE it enacted by the authority of this present parliament, Fife.

That one act made in the first year of the reign of the late Divers statntes Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act for the preservation ofhnscon-

and fry of fishyexcept the proviso in the said act mentioned, tinued, and " That the same act dull-not extend to the rivers of Tweedy nor <bme other* waters or rivers whereof the Queen was answered of any yearly repealed, rent or profit, nor to farmers, owners or occupiers of the ri-El1*' c' , 7' vers of Wjty UJk*, and other rivers in the said proviso mentioned or contained:

IL One act made in the thirteenth year of the reign of the Lease*. late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An ail touching leafts >3 c. so.

and other ecclesiastical livings with cure; together with all and eve- Efjz- c- ry explanations, additions and alterations thereof or of any of^E1;' them, or to any of them, made by several statutes in the fourteenth, eighteenth and three and fortieth years of her said late Majesty's reign:

III. And one act made in the seven and twentieth year of the pier of Lyme-reign of the late Queen Elizabetby intituled, An all the -

tenance of the pier and cob e/Lyme-Regis in the county of: "*?

IV. And one act made in the third year of the reig n of the late King Jamety intituled, An act for the avoiding of tomeerfiary delays Vhefouraft* of executions j be by authority of this parliament made perpetual, abort me».


326

tioned made perpetual* Execution. Usury.

i Jac. 1. c.rj made perpetual.

CiWtCB, Sec. fi H. 8. c.

Cattle.

I & 4 Ed. 6; C. 19.

Anno tertio C4R.0LI. c. 4. (5)

[1627.

Cattle.

Butter and cheese.

3 & 4 Ed. 6.

f »i.

ai Jac. 1. c.xa.

Fish.

5 Eliz. c. 5.

*? Jae.j. c. 28

Trrchants.

5 Llxfi. c. 7.

and shall from henceforth (land in full force and effect, and be put in due execution for ever hereafter.

V. And be it also enacted by the same authority. That one statute made in the one and twentieth year of the reign of the hte King James* intituled, An act against usury, which act was to coptinuc for the space of seven years from the four and twentieth day of June, which then fhcnild be in the year of our Lord God one thousand six hundred twenty and fire, and lb to the end of the first session of parliament then next following, be aish by authority of thh parliament made perpetual.

VI. And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That one act made in the one and twentieth year at the reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An act for tbf true mating of cables, bailers and ropes:

VII. And that part of one f& made in the parliament holdT en at Westndnjler by prorogation the fourth day of November* and continued until the first day of February next after, in the third and fourth years of the reign of the late King Edward the Sixth, by which it is ordained and enacted, That no person or perform after the time in the fad aft mentioned shall ftU again lire cattle in the said act mentioned, at or in the market or fair wherein he bought the same, during the time of the same fipr or maket, under the.pains therein contained:

VIII. And that no pprfoti being a butcher, and using the craft or myllery of butchery, shall at any time-after the said feast buy any fat oxen, fleers, runts, kine, heifers, calyes, or sheep, and fell or cause to be sold the same again alive, upon pain of forfeiture of every such ox, fleer, runt, cow, heifer, calves or sheep, bargained or fold contrary to the form of that act:

JX. One other act made in the same parliament, intituled, An act for the buying and selling of butter and cheese j together with one statute made in the parliament holdrn in the one and twentieth year of the reign of the late King James, intituled, An act for the explanation of the fatutes made in the third, fourth and fftb years of the reign of the said late King Edward the Sixth, concerning the traders of butter and cheese:

X. And so much of an act made in the fifth year of the reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act touching certain politick cofifli tut ions made for the maintenance of the navy* as Is not repealed by any later statute, nor doth concern the eating of fleih, or using of fish upon the Wednesday, nor the transportation of herring or other sea-fisti, nor freedom of subsidy, custom or ton- nage for the same, nor transportation of com, nor the prohibiting the bringing into this realm any cod or..ling in barrels or other calks; together with all and every other additions, explanations and alterations made thereunto or thereof, or of any part thereof, by any statute or statutes made fitbence the making of the said last mentioned act, and in force the last day of the session of parliament that was in the one and twentieth year of the reign of the late King James:

XL. And one other act made in the said fifth year, intituled,

' An

16*7.] Anno terdo Carou. c. 4. (5) 3*7

yfh all fir avoiding divers foreign wares made handscraftfmenbe-

yond the feos:

XII. And an act nude in the eighth year of the reign of the Game*,

said late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act for and the 8 Eliz. c. it.

prices of hews:

XIII. And one act made in the thirteenth year of the teigo Furrtyora.

jof the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An all that purveyors map1 c*tu take tern and viftuedswithin fine miles if Cambridge and Oxford,

in eertaih cases:

XIV. And ib much of an act made in the fourteenth year of Poor.

the reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, Ah fat 14. Elia* c. j. the pnhifinient ef vagabohds, and the relief tie peer and impotent,

ns concerned* the taxing, rating, levying and imploying of gad*money:

XV. And so much of on act made in the eighteenth year of it Eliz. c j. the reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act for the setting the poet* on work and avoiding idlcmfls, ae conce'meth bastards begotten but of lawful matrimony: (a) with this, That all kritioet of the peace within their several limits and precincts, and in their sevenkl session*, may do end execute all things con* -eerhing that part of the said statute, that by justices of the pCScd in the several counties are by the said statute limited to be dbnC:

XVI. And an act made in the said eighteenth year of thC.yngiM —

reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, alt fir re-18 Elis. c.

fairing deed amending of the bridges and highways mar unto the dtp

XVII. And one ad shade the (even and twentieth year of the Westmmter. reign of the said late Qtoeeh Elizabeth, intituled, An act for tie7.Elis. net good government of the cfty or borough Westminster: printed.

XVIII. And two Other acts made in the said (even and twen- Malt.

tieth year of the reign of the dud late Queen Elizabeth*, the one7 EU*-C> tj. intituled, An act for reviving ef a farmer flame fir the true making&jEd'6, c, 1D' tf*&, together WftH the statute by die ad revived 1 (2) and g. n., y. the other intituled, An act for the keeping of the fen-banks andfea- % J Eliz. c. 14. works in the county ^'Nbtfolk:

XIX. And one act made in the one and thirtieth year of the Ale.

reign of the late Queeh Elizabeth, intituled. act for the true J*EKl*

gauging tf veffds brought froth beyond the converted by brewers, for the utterance and file ef ale and beer:

XX. And two acts made in the five and thirtieth year of her said Kersies.

late Majesty's reign, the one intituled, An act for the reformation js Eliz. c. 10. of fimdry amflesin cloths called Devonshire ktrfies or dozens, according to a proclamationaf the four

vr and thirtieth yea

fifs rtign, (a) the other intituled, An act for the bringing in ^Timber.

' 1 d the feat, and the restraining of the Js Eliz.'c.

'L - 'rtjtrvin-

clapboard from the parts beyond the fe

transporting of wine teflks, fir the jparing and preserving if timber

within the realm:

XXI. And so much of one act made in the live and thirtieth Pope, year of the reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An 35 c*all to retain the Queen's majesty s subjcHs in their due obedience, as hath not b$en (iqcc repealed by any other statute:

it*.

w

Poor.

ito.

Mariners.

39 Eli?, p. so.-ajEl}z.c. 7.

Wool cards. 39 Eliz. c. 14* Malt.

39 Eliz. c. 16. Poor.

41 Eliz. c. 3.

Frivolpus fnits. 4? Eliz. c. 6. Foor.

43 Eli?. C. ^Jaq.s.c. 45.

Apprentice. The overseers of the poqr may put qut apprentices. The churchwardens, &c. jnayfetup any trade to nnd poor work.

Woolen cloth, 43 Eliz. c. 10. Perjury.

43 Eliz. c. 5. Poori

I Jac. 1. c. 7. 39 Eliz. c. 4.

1 Jac. f. c. 8

Leather.

1 Jac. 1. c. a*. 4 Jac. i. c. 6. Came.

) Jac. 2. c. 27.

Anno terdo Caroli. c. 4. (5.) [1627.

XXII. And the several acts hereafter mentioned, made in the thirty ninth year of the reign the late Queen that

is to say, an act, intituled, An off of,

vagabonds and Jlurdj beggars, with the provision annexed thereunto by one act made in the first year of the reign of the late King Jams, intituled. AnaB for the continuing and reviving of divers statutes, and for repealing offome others; (a) an act, intituled, An act for the increase of and for maintenances

of navigation, repealing a former act made in the three and

twentieth year of her said Majesty's reign, bearing the same title; (?) An act, intituled, An act prohibiting the hinging into this realm of foreign cards for wool-, (4) An act, intituled, An act for refraining the excessive making of malt-, (5) An a->

gainjl lewd and wandring persons, preten to be fildiersor nut-! rivers: (6) and the several acts hereafter-mentioned, made in the three and fortieth.year of the reign of the said http Queen. Elizabeth, that is to say, An act, intituled, An act for the fej/ary relief offoidiers or mariners-, (7) An act, intituled, ait to avoid trifling and frivolous fyitfin law in her Majesty's courts

Westminster; (8) An act, intituled, An for relief of poor, with the addition thereunto made by an act made in the tirft year of the reign of the late King James, intituled, An for continuing of divers statutes, and for repeal of some others, and with this further addition; (9) and be it enacted, That all persons tp whom the overseers of the poor shall, according to the said act, bind any children apprentices, may take and receive, and keep them as apprentices; and also that the churchwardens and pverfpers of the poor, mentioned in the said act made in the said three and fortieth year, may, by and with the confen^ of two or more justices of the peace, whereof one to be of the quorum, within their respective limits, wherein shall be more justices than one, and where no more shall be than one with the assent of that one justice of the peace, let up, use and occupy any trade, mystery or occupation, only for the setting bn work and better relief of the poor of the parish, town or place, of or within which they shall be churchwardens.or overseers of the poor; any former statute to the contrary notwithstanding; (id) An act, intituled, An act for the true making and working of woolen cloth: (; i) An act, intituled, An act to prevent perjury and subornation of perjury, and unnecissary expence in suits of law .-(12) and the several acts made in the first year of the reign of the late King James after-mentioned; one ad, intituled, An act for continuance and explanation of the statute made in the nine and thirtieth year of the reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act for punishment of rogues, vagabonds anifiurdy beg-

gars: (13) another, intituled, An qB to take away the benefit of

clergy for some kind of manslaughter: (14) another intituled, An act cincer/iing tanners, curriers, jhee and other artificers occupying the cutting of leather, saving for such part thereof as is repealed by one other act made in the fourth year of his said

lata

*-627.] Anno tertio Caroli. c. 4. (5.) 529

late Majesty's reign of England, in that behalf: (15) another, intituled, An act for the better of the intent and meaning of former statutes made against Jbooting in and for the preservation of the game of pheasants andpatridges, and the desireping of hares with bare-pipu, and tracing of harts in thp /new: (16) An ait, intituled, An act for avoiding of deceit in Hop*. felling, buying or /pendingcorrupt and unwb (17) An»J.«e. i*.

ait, intituled, An act for explanation the made in Labourer*. fifth year of the late Queen Elizabeth'/ rconcerning labourers: 5 E1»*«4* {18. An act for the charitable relief and ordering ofinfilled p,ffue>

with thy plague: (19) and the leyeral aits made in the third year of the reign of the late King fames, after-mentioned, J* that it to (ay, one intituled, An act for relief of fiuh as lawfully Skinner*. use the trade and handicraft of Jkinners; (ao) Another ait, inti- 3J*0-'0 9* tuled. An act for rating and levying of the charges for conveying malefactorsand offenders to the gaol', (21) Another ait, for tranj-ijae.s.e. so, fortation of beer over the seas(?) one other, intituled, An Ale. against unlawful bunting and Jlealing of deer and j (23) and iJac*c- one ait made in the fourth year of the reign of the said late ( c King fames, intituled, An act for the better provision of meadow Husbandry.

andpaflure fir the necessarymaintenance of and in ejac. 1. c. 11.

the manors, lordships and parishes of Marden, alias Mawarden,

Bodenham, Wellington, Sutton St. Michael, Sutton St. Nicholas, Murton upon Ltjgge, and the parish off Pipe, and every of them, in the county of Hereford: (24) and the several acts Offender* in 1 made in the seventh year of the reign of the said late King north. fames after-mentioned} the one, intituled, An act for the hot-1 'ac'* c'T* s ter execution of jtfslice, and 'suppressing of criminal offenders the north parts of the kingdom of England; (25) another, in*l(t. tituled. An act for the due execution of avers laws and statutes here- 7 J*"

tofore made against rogues, vagabonds and fiurdy beggars, and' other lewd and idle persons; (26) Another, intituled, An act to Hawking. prevent the spoil of corn and grain by untimely hawking, and for the 7 J*6, c"* better preservation tf pheasants and patridges \ (27) one other, in- Debt, tituled. An act to avoid the double payment of j (28) one 7 Jac. 1. c. 1*. other, intituled, An act for the explanation of onestatute made in the _ second session of that present parliament, intituled. agrnft unlawful hunting of deer and conies', (29) And one other Husbandry. ait, intituled, An act for the taking, landing and 7jac.«. c.i*.

fond for the bettering /grounds, and for the increase of corn and tillage, within the counties of Devon and Cornwall: (30) and wild fowl, that one part of the statute made in the five and twentieth year »sh. c. 1. of the reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An 5 & E4-act for the destruction of wild fowl, which was repealed by a later c> 7' ait in the parliament holden in the third and fourth years of the reign of the late King Edward the Sixth, and revived in the parliament holden in the one and twentieth year of the reign of the late King James: (31) and one ait made in the first year of the reign of the late Queen, for and concern- vtrayt. fng she making, repairing and amendment of the common c.<.

'.high-ijac. ».c. »S.

jgo Anno tertio Caroli. c. 4. (5.) [162;

highway and Cawley in the counties of Dorset and

between die towns of Shaftfi and in the said count of Dorset^and revived in the find one and twentieth year: (32

and also the several acts hereafter-mentioned, made in the fail One and twentieth year of the reign of the late King fames Women. that is to say. An act intituled, An concerning women roast Jao. 1. c. 6. viftedof fmsm fohnies\ (33) And one ad, intituled. act fot

the continuance of a former statute trade in the fourth year of the Wosleo doth, reign of the/hid late King James, oA for true

making of woolen ctubes, and for fotiu additions and alterations in

sij?CiYr*y dnd to the Jhmei together with so much of one act made In the said fourth year, as was in forte the last thy of the session of parliament noldfcn in the said otte and twentieth year: (34)

Curing and And one Other ad, intituled, An act to prevent and resorth pro- (Wearing. same /wearing and ckrsing; (35) And one ad, intituled, »frc.s.c.ao. prevent the defrejittg am murdering fhiidrm; (36)

si Jac. t'c.tj.t>y virtue of this act, shall be and continue until the fend of the The jisatutea Am (session of the next parliament, in force and eflfed as the above men- same were the first day of the session of parliament holden in tto"*d «he first year of the reign of our (bvenetgh lord the King «nd oft he first t*'at now 'h: (37) «id be it allb enacted, that one statute ieflionof the made in the said hrft year of his Majesty's reign that now is, next parlia. intituled, An act for punishing of Overs obtejescommitted on the Lord's

nfft' dayt shall continue in force until the end of the first session of LonTi d/v.*next parliament.

Continued till

XXIII. Provided nevertfteless, That fd much of every of some other ad the said acts, as by any new ad hiade in this feflkm of par-he made for foment afe or shall be explained, altered or repealed, shal| ordifrontf8 thereof, from the end of this session of parlia-

nuance of the ment, stand and be in force as by those other acts shall be or-said a£U Jained.

Com;

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the

w*e*>rn authority of this present parliament. That when the prices of ported?traBt* com or grafoj at the times, havens and places, when and where 5rijac.it, c. , g. the said corn or grain shall be bought, shipped or loaden, exceed not the rates hereafter following, iwz; The quarter of wheat at thirty and two shillings the quarter} the quarter of rye at twenty shillings} the quarter of pease and beans at sixteen shillings; the quarter of barley or malt at sixteen shillings of current English money} that then it shall be lawful for all and every person and persons, being subjects of the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, and born within this realm, to carry and transport of his own, and to buy to fell again in markets and out of markets, and to keep or fell, or carry and transport, any of the said corns and grains from the places where they shall be of such prices, unto any parts beyond the seas in amity with his Majesty, as merchandize, in ships, crayers or other vessels, whereof any English-born subject or subjcds then shall be the owner ctf owners, or the same to carry and fell in other places with-

ib

1627.] Anno tertio QakoLi. 04. (5.) 331

in this realm or dominions thereof; any law, Statute or usage to the contrary hereof notwithstanding: and that the The caftom King's majesty, his-heirs and successim, shall have and re-and poundage ceive by the customers and officers of his ports, for the of cor*, custon or poundage of every quarter of wheat, to be traits* ported by force of this Statute, out of this realm, two (hit* lings; of every quarter of other, grain, Sixteen-pence: which said Several Sums So to be had and taken as custom or pouts* dage, shall: be in, full Satisfactioil of all manner of culfont or poundage for the Said corn or grain, by any constitution, or*

tier. Statute, law or custom heretofore made, used or taken fcr transporting any fitch manna: of own- or grain, or made in this present session of parliament of hereafter to be made.

XXV. Provided always, and be it cnaftad by the autho-The King's i rity of this present parliament. That the King's majesty, hte prpobmatW > heirs and successors, may at ah times by hie and their writ"1*!'*1*?1.

' of proclamation, to be published goticrilly in the whole realm, ^MnT*1* 1 or in any of the counties of this realm, where any ports ere, k.{command, that no person shall by virtu* of this act transport' or convey any nftmher of graio ont of hie Htghflefk donti*

1 pions generally, or out of any Special ports, to be in the said proclamation particularly named, for fodl time is shall be therein limited and appointed: (a) and it shall Mot be 1 lawful for any person to carry ont any such grain contrary jto the* tenor of the dud proclamation, upon such pans and I forfeitures as by the lajws and Statutes of tins realm are.and have been provided and ordained in- that behalf; this I aft or any dung therein contained to the contrary notwithstand-

Provided also, and be it enacted, That, no period Welsh cottons, or persons shall incur any penalty for want of length, breadth, or weight of Welsh cottons, under the price of fifteen pence the yard, or two Shillings the goad, so as they be not mixt with hair or other deceitful fluff, nor for any others above that

Erice, except they shall be mixt as aforesaid, or shall Shrink a-ove the rate of half a yard In twelve yards of length, or weigh lets than fourteen ounces the yard, or hold not full three quarters of a yard broad.'

XXVII. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, Spicery.

That that part of one Statute made in the Sixteenth year of the if R. c.«. reign of the late King Richard the Second, by which it is oretained, that no manner of fpieery, after that it be brought into the realm. shall be carried out of the same realm by aliens nor by denizens, upon pain of forfeiture thereof: (2) Liveries, and one Statute made in the Sixteenth year of the reign of16 R-c- 4-the late King Richard the Second, concerning liveries: (3)*, R.*, c. and on^ other Statute made in the twentieth year of the reign of the late King Richard the Second, by which it is oretained, that no vadelets called yeomen, nor other of leSfer estate than an esquire, shall use or bear any Sign of livery, called ..... livery

33*

i H. 4. c. 7. 7^4.. c. 14* 13H.4. c. 3.

SH. 6.C. 4.

S Ed- 4. c. % 3H.7.C. 1.

3 H. 7.C. it. A repeal of the mne fbu tutesla&mfln-tioned.

Lands pre* fared from thefea.

7 Jac. i. c.«o. Continued until the next parliament.

Anno tertio CAROLI. c. 6 — 3.

[1^2;

livery of company, of any lord within the realm: (4.) and on statute made in the first year of the reign of the late Kiln Henry the Fourth, concerning giving of liveries: (5) and on statute made in the seventh year of the reign of the late ICin Henry the Fourth, concerning giving of liveries: (6) and on other statute made in the thirteenth year of the reign of th late King Henry the Fourth, concerning giving of liveries (7) and one statute made in the eighth year of the reign o the late King Henry the Sixth, concerning liveries: (3) ant one statute made in the eighth year of the reign of the lat< King Edward the Fourth, concerning liveries: (9) and fc much of one statute made in the third year of the reign erf" the late King Henry the Seventh, concerning the star-chamber, as tojicheth or concerneth die punishment of those that Audi give or take liveries: (10) and one other statute made in the said third year, concerning taking of liveries by the King's officers and minors; (n) be from henceforth repealed.

XXVIII. And be if also enacted by authority of this parliament. That one act of parliament made in the seventh year of the reign of the late King James, intituled, An act for the spetiy recovery of many thoujana acres of vutrjb grounds, and other grounds within the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, lately

ei by the rage of the sea, in divers parts of the faii, and fer

the prevention of the danger of the like surrounding he

continued, and shall stand in force until the end of the next ieifion of parliament By 16 Car. 1. c. 4- All aits hereby continued are further continued.

CAP. V. (VI.)

The estates of the tenant* of Bromfield and Yale in the county of Denbigh, and of the tenure*, rent* and service* thereupon referred (according to the late composition made for the same with the King's roost excellent majesty, then prince of Wales) ratified and confirmed.

CAP. VI. (VII.)

Five subsidies granted by the spirltualty.

EXP.

Cap. vii. (vm.)

Five subsidies granted by the temporally Anno quarto Caroli Regis.

duflO

1640.] Anno decimo sexto Caroli. $33

; AmnoRegni Caroli, Regis Anglia*, -

cia, & Hiberniai de

i AT the parliament begun at Westminster the third dag t UTIL of Novembef, Anno Dom. one thousand six hundred and forty* in the Jiuteenth year of the reign of Charles the First* by the grace of God* e/England* Scotland, France<w»<flre-land, King* defender of the faith* &c. To the high

' sure, of Almighty God* and the weal of this realmi

[ were enabled as followeth.

; cap. 1.

An act for the preventing of inconvenience* happening by the long inter*

( mission of parliament. Repealed and altered. 16 Car. a. c. i.

Cap. 11.

An act for the relief of his Majesty's array, and the northern parts of the kingdom. EXP.

; cap. ni.

An act for the reforming of some things mistaken in the late act made this present parliament for the granting of four subsidies, intituled, An act for the relief of his Majesty's army, and the northern parts or this kingdom, and to make good the acts of the commissioner* and other officers by them authorized or appointed, and to be authorized or appointed. EXP.

CAP. IV.

An act for the further relief of his Majesty's *and the northern parts of the kingdom.

(II.) AND be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Dira-astatute* i\ the passing of this present act or or any other ad or continued, acts, or his Majesty's royal anent to them or any of them in this present feluon of parliament, shall not be any determination of the said session; and that all statutes and acts of parliament which have their continuance, or were by an act of parliament made in the third year of the reign of his Majesty that now is, intituled, An act for the continuance and 3 Car. i. c. 4.

fames* continued until the end of the first session of the then continued next parliament, shall by virtue of this act be adjudged ever"1*, since the session of parliament in the said third year, to have been of such force and efted as the same were the last day of that session, and from thenceforth until some other act of parliament be made'touching the continuance or discontinuance of the said statutes and acts in the said act of the third year of his Majesty's reign continued as aforesaid.

'$$4 Anno decimo sexto Caroli. C, 5, & [1640.

CAP. V.

An act for the better rafling and levying of maifraen, ' fafloin add other?, for the nrefeut adding of su*4 neecfti^ defence of tht

realm, EXP.

Cap. vt

An act warning tUUmtiutm and of Mi-

chaelnw ttrm.

Incenvenience WHEREAS the ttrm 8t.Michael, commonly called Mi-dfMichaelmas chgelflits ttrm, doth begin ft soon after the feast of St. Mi-tow being chael, that His generally found to be very to his Maief-

thefeaftrf to>s subjects, both nobles and, as. well for the keeping of the

St. Michael. quarter-sessions next after the of Si. Michael the and

3 Roll. 443. the keeping of their leets, law-doit court-baronS, which thej tan by no means attend in of the necessity of their

to the find term fejpeedily after the feast of St. Michael the

angel, to appear upon juries, and to their causes hnd 'suits in the law', the same time being the chief time of all the year for the sowing of /and with winter, and for the disposing fitting

in order of ail their winter hujbondry and and for the

receiving and paying of rents I many parts of this kingdom

barveft is fildom or never till three weeks after the find

XL.Therefore the King's fooft excellent^ Majesty, out of the princely care that he hath of all his loving subjects, having a ((fecial care to the increast and continuance of their wealth and good estates, by the assent of the loftb spirituaf and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, erdaineth, ena&eth and oftabliiheth, That in the Aid Michaelmas term there shall be fix common days of return only, and not In Michael- _ above; that is to say, (2) the first day of the return thereof J?'*? shall be and be called A die Mubaelis in day sof return (a) the fecood day of return of the same term shall be and be only. cftled A die Sanfii Adtchoehs in unstm men/cm1, (4) the third day of return of the same term shall be and be called in (rapine quimorum-, (5) the fourth day of return of the same term shall be and be called In craftiao Sanfii Martini-, (6) the filth day of return of the fiune term shall be and be called In ofidbis Sanfii Martini i (7) and the sixth day of return of the said term shall be and be called A die Sanfii Martini in quindecim dies:

III. And that the same days of return shall be observed in all the high courts of record of our sovereign lord the King, his heirs and fucecssors, hereafter to be holden at fter, or other place or places at the assignment or appoint* ment of our sovereign lord the King, his heirs and successors: The return- (a) and that from and after the feast of St. Michael the archday* to be ob- angel next coming the re shall not be nor be called any days (erved# gf

1640.] Anno decimo sexto Caroli. q.6. J|$

of retiim in Offabis Sanffi MicbaeHs, nor fanffi Mtehae*'

lit in quindeeim dies, nqreither of them: (3) and that the said

term of St. Michael yearly for ever, from and after the said feast of St. Miebael the archangel next coming, begin in and upon the said ires feptimanas Sanffi Michael}*, vrhensoever it shall happen to fall (except it be on the Lord's day commonly ! called Stfndep, and then on the morrow next after) for the keep*

ing of the eflbins, prefers, returps and other Ceremonies heretofore used and kept, in like manner and form.as hath been.

I used to be done in the day of the* return, commonly called I Offabis Sanffi, Michaetis: (4.) and that the fiiU terpt of 3t. Mi- Two retnrjt-

1 ebael shall yearly for ever, from and after the said feast of St. day*takca Mitbael next coming, in all the aforesaid court of record be- awsy*

gin and take his commencement upon the IPvarttdit of the When the > said tree feptimanas Sanffi Mtebaelit, tad not before, as former-t*nB*

; ly it hath been used upon the quart* die of Sanffi Mi- gm'

ebattis, except it be on the lord's day commonly called Sunday, and then on the morrow next after.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Howdaysfludt That if after the feast of St. Michael the archangel next com- be£iTen on. ing, any writ in any real a<fti«d, other than writs of entry for Ether common recoveries, and writs of right of advowfen, and writs than writ, of of dower unde nihil babel, hereafter mentioned, crime in and be entry, right of returnable in Jus Majesty's court of common pleas. In the day advowsoo, or of return of fret feptimanas Sanffi Mebaebs, then (by shall be dower* given in crajlinePurificationis beata Maria: (2) and if A

Sanffi Msfbfuliiin unummenfint^thm In Offabis parishatienis bea-ta Maria-, (3) if in crafiino onimarum, then in fop

cha\ (4) if mi crajline Sanffi Marlin*, then A die pafeba in tret feptimanas, (5) if in Offabis Sanffi Martini, then

umm menfem: , (6) if in quindena Sanffi Martini, then in quing-,

feptimanas pafeba; (7) it in Off obis Sanffi.Hillarii, then in crafe tine Ascenjumis Domini-, (8) if in mundtua Sanffi Hsllarii, then in

trafiino SanffaTrinitatis-, (9) it in crafiino purificationis

Maria, then in Off obis SanffaTrinitatis-, (10) if m Off ate*

purificationis beata Maria, then in q Sanffa Trinitatis» (u) if in quindena pafeba, then A die Sanffa Trinitatis in tres

feptimanas$ (12) if A die pafeba in tret feptimanas, then A He Sanffi Michaelis in tres feptimanas; (13) if in unseat

menfem, then A die Sanffi Miebaelis in uoum; (14) if A

die pafeba in quing-, feptimanap, then in crajline amrnarum-, (15)

if in crafiino Afeen/mis Domini, then in erajlinaSanffi -

(i6) if in crafiino Sanffa Trinitatis, then in Offabis Sanffi Martini i (ij) if in Offabis Sanffa Trinitatis, then Sanffi Martins-, (18) if in quindena Sanffa Trinitatis, then in Offabis

1 Sanffi fiillarii -, (19) if A die Sanffa Trinitatis in feptimanati

then in quindena Sanffi Hillarii.

V. And for the more speedy proceeding in writs of dower, How days and writs of entry for common recoveries, to be find and pro. P»Hb* given fecuted by writs of entry, or writs of right of advowlbn, (2)m wnt* be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if after

th*

3<J Afind decimo fcxtoCAROLl. C. 6.

[164.6;

the said fcaft of St. Michael the archangel next coming, any writ of dower unde nihil habet, or any writ of entry whereupon a com-riion recovery is to be sued, or writs of rignt of advowson, be returnable, A die Sancti Michaelis in tree Jeptimanas, then a day shall be given in Odfabis Sancti Martini; (?) if A die Sancti Mi-ebaelis in unum menfem, then in quindena Sancti Martini; (4) if in craflino animatum, then in Odfabis Sancti hillarii: (5) if in cras-tino Sancti Martini* then in quindena Sancti hillarii; (6J if in Detains Sancti Martini, then in crajtino purificationis beater Maria \ (7) if in quindena Sancti Martini, then in Obtains purificationis neater Maria; (8) if in Odiabis Sancti hillarii4 then in quindena pqfcber; (9) if in quindena Sancti hillarii, then A die pafehet in ires Jeptimanas; (10) if in craflino purificationis beater Marue\ then A die pafeha in uhum tnenfetn\ (ji) it in Odfabis purificationis beater Maria, then A die pafeha in quinque Jeptimanas; (12) if quindena pafchay then in ciraftino AJcenfionis Domini; (13) if A fie pafeha in tres Jeptimanas, then ik crajtino sancta Trinitatis ? £14) if in mense pafcbety then in Odiabis Sandler Trinitatis; (i <) if in.qitinque Jeptimanas pafehety then in quindena Sdndfeb Trinitatis; (r6) if in craflino AJcenfionis Dominiy then A die Sdndfeb Trinitatis in tres Jeptimanas.; (17) if in crafiiko Sandier Trinitatis, then A die Sancti Michaelis in tres Jeptimanas; (18) if in Odfabis Sandler Tri-nitatisy then A die Sancti Michaelis in unum menfem; (19) if in quindena Sandler Trinitatis, then in craflino animarum; (20) if A die Sandler Trinitatis in tres Jeptimanas, then in craflino Sancti Martini.

XXI. Provided nevertheless* 2nd be it liklwife Chadted by the authority aforesaid, That in all writs of doWer unde nihil habetj after issue joined, it shall not be needful or requisite to have bove fifteen days betwixt the tefie and retWrri of the Venire fa-ciasy or any other process to be sued out for the trial of the said tumsufficient. iflTuej but that the writ of venire facias, and other process after issue joined, until judgment be given* having only fifteen days between the tefie and return thereof, shall be good and effectual in law, as is used in personal actions; arty law* statute of usage to the contrary heretofore notwithstanding.

Craflino Aflm-

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority afofreftid, That floras a perfect from and after the fcaft of St. Michael the archangel now next Theeff#.com*ng> the day of return* Called craflino AJcenfionis Doming days. 0Ul# shall he z g00^ apd perfect return to all intents and purposes, as any other of the fain days of return before-mentioned is or Hath been used, notwithstanding the re be not fifteen days between the quarto die of the said return of craflino AJcenfionis Domini and the essoin day of the return of craflino Sandler Trinitatis.

Writ* in per-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all writs and process in ional actions, personal actions hereafter to be made out of any of his Majesty's courts at Westminster, and having day from tres Michaelis un-ehaefutiW trap, til craflino ammarum, mail be good and effectual in law, notwith-tko emimantm, (landing the re be not fifteen days betwixt the quarto die of the said tres Jeptimanas Sandii Michaelis and the days of essoin of crajtino animarum; any law, statute or usage to the contrary hereto- fore notwithstanding.

- 6 IX, Pro-

fa writs of dower, after issue jollied, fifteen days between the teste and re-

utw. s6.

1640.] Anno depmo fegto Cakoli. £.7, 937

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- Proviso for

rity aforesaid, That all writs and process to be made from and w"*s r*tur*- after the feast of Easter in the year of our Lord God one thou- £*4I*

sand six hundred forty-one, returnable in o&abis, or quindena

Sancti Mxchaelis now next ettsuing, or having days betwixt any of the said returns, shall by force of this ac have day unto tfes Jeptimanas Sancti Afichaelis next, and the parties to the said writs and process shall then appear and plead, and proceed thereupon, to all intents and purposes, as if the said writs and process had been made returnable a dieSanfli Michaelis intres feptimanas.

X. And whereas before the making of this act, all writs ofsummons writs of furru

ad Wprsanrizand. against the vouchees, upon common recoveries had mans ad War-in writs of entry, and writs of right of advowson, were made for rantizand. up* nine returns intbifme \ (a) now for the more speedy perfecting of0, 1 com.motl such recoveries, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That of

from and after the said feast of St. Michael the archangel next, right of ad-act and every such writs of summons ad Warrantixtmd\ upon the vdwfon, a-appearance of the tenant to every such writs of entry, and writ bridged* tofive of right of advowson, shall and may he made Mid abridged to return#' five returns, as writs of summons ad Warrantizand. in writs of

dower unde nihil habet, heretofore have been used and accustomed.

XI. And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ebmmoct

That all common writs and process, as well personal as mixt, writs and pvo* which shall fortune to be returnable in the said Michaelmas term, 6 ,

shall have and keep the said returns of A die Santti MicbaeHs in ^turns.* tres feptimanas, A die Sanfli Michatlis in mum menjem, in crajlinef aenmarum, in craftino San&i Martini, in oftabis Sanifi Martini,

and a die Sanfli Martini in quindecim dies, or any of them.

XII. Provided always, and it is further enacted by the autho- Special days rity aforesaid, That in such and like cases and process, as special may be ap-days have been used to be appointed and assigned and given, for P0* f* the returning of writs and process, it shall be lawful to the juf-

rices of every of the King's said courts of record for the time being, in all the process by them awarded, to allign and appoint special days of returns, as by their discretions shall be thought convenient.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the autho- Da?* in afftze rity aforesaid, That the days in assize of darrein presentment, and ot darrein pre-in plea of quart impedit, limited and appointed by the statute of Marlebridge, and also the days to be given in attaint, limited in quart imped: i9 the statute made in the fifth year of the reign of the noble King and in attaint, Edward the Third, and also in the statute made in the three and ?ot C0B2aV twentieth year of the reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, of j^nface. worthy memory, being not contrary to the tenors of this act,

shall be holden firm and liable, and shall stand in their full force and effect. 52 H. 3. c. 12. 5 Ed. 3. c. 6. 53 H. 8. c. 3. 32

if. 8. c. a.

CAP. VII.

An act to prevent inconvenienties by the untimely adjournment of pariia- ia Car. a. c. i. merits. EXP.

Anno decimo sexto Caroli. C. 8 — io.

[1640.

CAP. VIII.

A subsidy granted to the King of tonnage, poundage, and other sums of money payable upon merchandize exported and imported. EXP.

CAP. IX.

An act for the speedy provision of money for disbanding the armies, and settling the peace of the two kingdoms of England and Scotland. EXP.

CAP. X.

An act for the regulating of the privy council* and for taking away the court commonly called the Jlar-chamber.

Recital of WHEREAS by the great charter many times confirmed in parti-magna charts, \y ament, // js enabled, That no freeman shall be taken or impri-statutes! fined* or diffeifed of his freehold or liberties, or free customs* or be9H. 3. flat. 1. outlawed or exiled or otherwise destroyed* and that the ting will not c. 9. pass upon him* or condemn him* but by lawful judgment of his peers,

5 Ed. 3- c, 9. w the law of the land: (2) and by anotherstatute made in the*" 7# c*l' fifth year of the reign of King Edward the Third* it is enabled9 That no man shall be attached by any accusation, nor forejudged of life or limb* nor his lands* tenements* goods nor chattels seized into the King's hands* against the form of the great charter and the law of the land: «5 Ed«3.stat.5.(3) and by another statute made in the five and twentieth year of the reign of the same King Edward the Third* it is accordedt qffintd and established* That none shall be taken by petition or suggestion made to the King* or to his council* unless it be by indiblment or presentment of good and lawful people of the same neighbourhood where fmh deeds be done* in due manner* or by process made by writ original at the common law* and that none be put out of his franchifi or freeholdi unless he be duly brought in to answer* and forejudged of the same by the course of the law* and if any thing be done against the same* it shall sS Ed. 3. c. 3. be redrejfed and bolden for none: (4) and by another statute made in the eight and twentieth year of the reign of the same King Edward the Third, it is amongst other things enabled* That no man of what estate or condition soever he be* shall be put out of his lands or tenements* nor taken* nor irnprijoned* nor disinherited* without being brought in to answer by due process of law: (5) and by another Jla-4a Ed. j. c. 3. tide made in the two and fortieth year of the reign of the said King Edward the Third* it is enabled* That no man be put to anfiverY without presentment before justices or matter of record* or by due process and writ original* according to the old law of the land* and if any thing be done to the contrary* it shall be void in law* and holden 36 Ed. 3. c. 15. for error: (6) and by another statute made in the fix and thirtieth year of the same King Edward the Third* it is amongst other things enabled* That all pleas which shall be pleaded in any courts before any the King's justices or in his other places, or before atiy of his other ministers* or in the courts and places of any other lords within the realm* shall be 3 H. 7. c. 1. entred and enrolled in latin: (7) and whereas by the statute made in the third year of King Henry the Stventh* power is given to the chancellor* th+lord treasurer/" England for the time being* and the keeper of the King's privy seal, or two of them* calling unto them a bishop and a temporal lord of the King's most honourable council, and the two

chief

339

1640.] Anno decimo fcxco Caroli. c. to.

thief justices of the Kings bench and common pleas for the time being, or other two juJHces in their absence, to proceed as in that act is expressed, for the punishment of some particular offences therein rhentioned: (8) and by the statute made in the one and twentieth year of King »iH. 8. c.ao. Henry the Eighth, the president of the council is associated to join with the lord chancellor and other judges in the said statute of the Third of Henry the Seventh mentioned 5 (9) but the said judges have not kept themselves to the points limited by the said Jiatutet but have undertaken to punish where no law doth warrant, and to make decrees for things having no such authority, and to inf ift heavier punishments than by any law is warranted:

II. And forasmuch as all matters examinable or determinable be- irtatteri fore the said judges, or in the court commonly called the star-chamber^ examinable lit may have their proper remedy and redress, and their due piimjbmertt the starchana* and correction, by the common law of the land, and in the ordinary

course of justice efewhere j (2) and forasmuch as the reasons and mo-an<j redressed fives inducing the erection and continuance of that court do now cease: by the com-( 3) and the proceedings, censures and decrees of that court, have by men law. experience been found to be an intolerable burthen to the subjects* and the means to introduce an arbitrary power and government; (4) and forasmuch as the council-table hath of late times assumed unto it self a power to intermeddle in civil causes and matters only of private interest between party and party, and have adventured to determine of the estates and liberties of the subject, contrary to the law of the land and the rights and privileges of the subject, by which great and manifold mischiefs and inconveniences have arij'cn and happened, and much incertainty by means of such proceedings hath been conceived concerning mens rights and estates \ for settling whereof, and preventing the like in time to come,

III. Be it ordained and enabled by the authority of this pfe- Court of fbtr-sent parliament. That the said court commonly called the star- chamber, and' chamber, and all jurisdiction, power and authority belonging!* P?w*rs unto, or exercised in the same court, or by any the Judges, of-dl 07*fleers or ministers thereof, be from the first day of August in the

year of our Lord God one thousand six hundred forty and bnej clearly and absolutely dissolved, taken away and determined j (2) and that from the said first day of August neither the lord chancellor, or keeper of the great seal of England, the lord tresurer of England, the keeper of the King's privy seal, or president of the council, nor any bishop, temporal lord, privy councilor or judge, or justice whatsoever, ftlall have any power or authority to hear, examine or determine any matter or thing whatsoever, in the said court commonly called the star-chamber, or to make* pronounce or deliver any judgment, sentence, order or decree, or to do any judicial or ininifterial aft in the said court: (3) and that all and every act and acts of parliament, and all and every article, dause and sentence in them, and every of them, by which any jurisdiction, power or authority is given, limited or appointed unto the said court commonly called the star-chamber, or unto all or any the judges, officers or ministers thereof, or for any proceedings to be had or made in

Anno decimo facto Caroli. c.iO. t«4'

the said courts or for any matter or thing to be drawn into qui (bon, examined or determined there, mall for so much as cot ceraeth the said court of star-chamber, and the power and authority thereby given unto it, be from the said first day of Augi repealed, and absolutely revoked and made void.

Uke ]unfdk>

IV. And be it likewise enacted, Tbzt the like juriscKdion no tion in several and exercised in the court before the president and counc repeded'andn t*lc marches of Walts; (2) and also in die court before th taken away, president and council established in the northern parts; ( 3) an also in die court commonly called the court of the duchy c Lantajler, held before the chancellor and council of that court

(4) and also in the court of exchequer of the county palatine 0 4 ChtfitTy held before the chamberlain and council of that court (5; the like jurisdiction being exercised there, shall from the faic first day of August one thousand six hundred forty and one, \x also repealed and absolutely revoked and made void; any law, prescription, custom or usage, or the said statute made in the 1H. 7*third year of King Hairy the Seventh, or the statute made the

*x H. g, c. to one and twentieth of Henry the Eighth, or any ad or a Sts of parliament heretofore had or made, to the contrary thereof in any No court or wjfe notwithstanding: (6) and that from henceforth no court, have^he Hke council or place of judicature, shall be erected, oretained, con-)unfdidion. stituted or appointed within this realm of England, or dominion of WoltSi which shall have, use or exercise the same or the like jurisdiction as is or hath been used, practised or exerdfed in the said court of star-chamber.

The King or V. Be it likewise declared and enacted by authority of this P"vy present parliament. That neither his Majesty, nor his privy not "have iu- c°uncil> have or ought to have any jurisdiction, power or au-rifdididn over thority, by English bill, petition, articles, libel or any other ar-any man's bitrary way whatsoever, to examine or draw into question, de-estate. termine or dispose of the lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods

or chattels of any the subjects of this kingdom, but that the same ought to be tried and determined in the ordinary courts of justice, and by the ordinary course of the law.

Penalties up-

VI. And be it further provided and enacted, That if any lord on great om- chancellor, or keeper of the great seal of England^ lord treasurer, anr h deeper of the King's privy seal, president of the council, bishop, i firfoffence. temp°ra^ lord, privy counsellor, judge or justice whatsoever,

shall offend, or do any thing contrary to the purport, true in-j tent and meaning of this law, then he or they shall for such of# fence forfeit the lam of five hundred pounds of lawful money of England unto any party grieyed, his executors or administrators, who shall really prosecute for the same, and first obtain judgment thereupon, to be recorded in any court of record at Westminster % by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, whero in no essoin, protection, wager or law, aid prayer, privilege, injunction or order of restraint, shall be in any wise prayed, granted or allowed, nor any more than one imparlance: (ass Second of- and jf any person against whom any such judgment or recovery shall be had as aforesaid, shall after such judgment or recoveiyj

34i

1640.] Anno decimo sexto Caroli. c. 10.

offend again in the same* then he or they for such offence shall forfeit the sum of one thousand pounds or lawful money of England unto any party grieyed, his executors or administrators, who shall really prosecute for the lame, and first obtain judgment thereupon, to be recorded in any court of record at Westminster, by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in which no effoin, protection, wager of la*, aid prayer, privilege, injunction or order of restraint shall be in any wise prayed, granted or allowed, nor any more than one imparlance: (3) and if any person against whom any such second judgment or recovery shall be Third ojfenct. 1 had as aforesaid, shall after such judgment or recovery offend a-t gain in the same kind, and shall be thereof duly convicted by t indictment, information, or any other lawful way or means, that such person so convicted shall be from thenceforth disabled, and become by virtue of this act incapable ipso faflo, to bear his and their said office and offices respectively; (4) and shall be likewise disabled to make any gift, grant, conveyance, or other disposition of any of his kinds, tenements, hereditaments, goods or chattels, or to take any benefit of any gift, conveyance or legacy to his own use.

VII. And every person so offending shall likewise forfeit and Treble da* lose unto the party grieyed, by any thing done contrary to the mages to the true intent and meaning of this law, his treble damages which P^y grayed, he shall sustain and be put unto by means or occasion of any such act or thing done, the same to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of reconi at hVejbmnjhr^ by action of debt, bill,

Elaint or information, wherein no essoin, protection, wager of iw, aid prayer, privilege, injunction or order of restraint, shall be in any wise prayed, granted or allowed, nor any more than one imparlance.

VIII. And be it also provided and enacted, That if any person shall hereafter be committed, restrained of his liberty, or suffer imprisonment, by the order or decree of any such court of star-chamber, or other court aforesaid, now or at any time hereafter, having or pretending to have the same or like juris-diction, power or authority to commit or imprison as aforesaid,

(2) or by the command or warrant of the King's majesty, his heirs or fuccpffbrs, in their own person, or by the command or warrant of the council-board, or of any of the lords or others of his Majesty's privy council; (3) that in every such case every Every period person so committed, restrained of his liberty, or suffering im- committed prisonment, ppon demand or motion made by his counsel, or contiw to other employed by him for that purpose, unto the judges of thecamn court of King's bench or common pleas, in open court, shall kesu corpus/ without delay, upon any presence whatsoever, for the ordinary fees usually paid for the same, b*vt forthwith granted unto him a writ of habeas carpus, to be directed generally unto all and every sheriffs, gaoler, minister, officer or other persons in whole Custody the party committed or restrained shall be, (4) and the sheriffs, gaoler, minister, officer or other person in whose custody ftie party so committed or restrained shall be, shall at the return

73

34. Anno decimo sexto Caroli c.io.

[1640.

of the said writ, and according to the command thereof, upon due and convenient notice thereof given unto him, at the charge of the party who requireth or procureth such writ, and upon security by nis qwn bond given, to pay the charge of carrying back the prisoner, if he shall be remanded by the court to which he shall be brought, as in like cases hath been used, such charges of banging up and carrying back the prisoner to be always ordered by the court, if any difference shall arise thereabout, bring or cause to be brought the body of the said party so committed or retrained unto and before the judges or justices of the said court from whence the same writ shall issue, in open court, (5) and shall then likewise certify the true cause of such his detainer or imprisonment, and thereupon the court, within three court-days after such return made and delivered in open court, shall proceed to examine and determine whether the cause of such commitment appearing upon the said return be just and legal, or not, and shall thereupon do what to justice shall appertain, either by delivering, bailing Or remanding the prisoner: (6) and if any thing shall be otherwise wilfully done or omitted to be done by any judge, justice, officer or other person afore-mentioned, contrary to the difeftion and true meaning hereof, that then such person so offending shall forfeit to the party grieved his treble damages, to be recovered by fjich means, and in such manner as is formerly in this act limited and appointed for the like penalty to be sued for and recovered. '

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this act and raumthit act several clauses therein contained shall be taken andexpound-shall extend, ed to extend only to the court of liar-chamber, (2) and to the said courts holden before the president and council in the marches of Wales, (3) and before the president and council in the northern parts, (4) and also to the court commonly called the court of the duchy of Lancaster, holden before the chancellor and council of that court, (5) and also in the court of exchequer of the county palatine of Chester, held before the chamberlain and -council of that court, (6) and to all courts of like jurisdiction to be hereafter crested, oretained, constituted or appointed as aforesaid; and to the warrants and directions of the council-board, and to the commitments, restraints and imprisonments of any person or persons made, commanded or awarded by the King's Majesty, his heirs or successors, in their own person, or by the lords and others of the privy council, and every one of them.

Offenders a-And lastly, provided, and be it enacted, That no per-gairtft this att son*or persons mall be filed, impleacted, molested or troubled shall be im- for any offence against this present act, unless the party sup-pleaded within posed to hayi ft) offended shall be filed or impleaded for the same within two years at the most after such time wherein the any offence. said Offence shall be committed.

Treble damages in default.

To what

343

1640.] Anno decimo sexto Carou- c. x u

CAP. XI.

A repeal of a branch of a statute primo Elizabethan, concerning of for causes ecclesiastical.

WHEREAS in the parliament holden in the first year of they EJiz. c. i.

reign of the late Queen Elizabeth late Queen of England, L 1 " there was an act made and established, intituled, An act reftclring'to the crown the ancient jurisdiction over the (late ecclesiastical and spiritual, and abolishing all foreign power repugnant to the: same; in which act* amount other things* there is contained one clause* branchy article or sentence* whereby it was enacted to this ef- fcti: namely* That the said late Queen's highnessy her heirs andfue-: cessors, Kings or Queens of this realm* should have full power a?(i authority by virtue of that aH* by letters patents under the great seal,

of England, to assign* name and authorize* when and as often as'her Highnessy her heirs or successors* should think meet and conveni- enty and for such and so long time as should please her Highness* her heirs or successors* such perj'on or persons being natural-born subjects: to her Highness* her heirs or successors* as her Majesty* her heirs or \ successors* should think meet to exercise* use* occupy and execute under her Highness* her heirs and successors* all manner of jurisdictions* i privileges and preheminence* in any wise touching or concerning any: spiritual ar ecclesiastical jurisdiction within these her realms of England and Ireland, or any other her Highness dominions and countries, and to visit* reform* redress* order* correct and amend all such er- rors* berefiesyjchifms* abuses* offences* contempts and enormities what- foeyer* which by any manner of spiritual or ecclesiastical power* authority or jurisdiction* can or may lawfully be reformed* ordered* re- dreffedy correlled* refrained or amended* to the pleasure of Almighty 1 Qod* the increase of virtue* and the conservation tf the peace and uni- ty of this realm: and that such person or persons so to be named*

1 assigned* authorized and appointed by her Highness* her heirs or successors* after the said letters patents to him or them made and delivered as aforesaid* should have full power and authority* by virtue of that

all* and of the said letters patents* under her Highness* her heirs or successors* to exercise* use and execute all the premisses* according to the tenor and effect of the said letters patents; any matter or cause to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And whereas by colour offome words in the aforesaid branch tf/'High comnylfr the said all* whereby of are authorized to execute their court. commission according to the tenor and effect of the King's letters patents* and ty letters patents grounded thereupon7 the said of have* to the great and insufferable wrong and oppression of the King's sub- jells, ufei to fine and imprison them* and to exercise other authority not belonging to ecclesiastical jurisdiction refit ored by that all* and divers other great mischiefs and inconveniencies have also ensued to the King's'subjects* by occasion of the said branch and commissions issued thereup-on* and the executions thereof: therefore for the repremng and preventing of the foresaid abuses, mischiefs and inconveniencies in time to come;

III. Be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, and The said

branch of tb*

44 Anno decimo sexto Caroli. C.tt. [if

1 Eliz*, the lords and commons, in this present parliament aflemt c. s« repealed. and tjjC authority of the same, That the forefarid bnu clause, artide or sentence, contained in the £ud ad*, and e word, matter and thing contained in that branch, daule, ar or sentence, shall from henceforth be repealed, annulled, re dd, annihilated and utterly made void soir ever; any tbinj the said act to the contrary, in any wise notwithstanding. Power taken

IV. And be it a!so enacted by the authority aforesaid, 1 no archbishop, bishop nor vicar general, nor any chance official nor commissary of any archbishop, bishop or vicar g< o^erecckfi- nor any ordinary whatsoever, nor anjr other spiritual or ffical persons clefiastical judge, officer or minister of justice, nor any oi tiad courts, person or persons whatsoever, exercising spiritual or eccJefis cal power, authority or jurisdiction, by any grant, licence commission of the King's majesty, his heirs or successors, or any power or authority derived from the King, his heirs or fi -cessors, or otherwise, mail from and after the first day of Aug which shall be in the year of our Lord God one thousand hundred forty and one, award, impose or inflict any pain, j nalty, fine, amerciament, imprisonment or other corporal p riishment upon any of the King's subjects, for any contem; misdemeanor, crime, offence, matter or thing whatsoever, h longing to spiritual or ecclesiastical cognizanceor jurisdictioi (2)'or shall tx officio, or at the inffance or promotion of an other person whatsoever, urge, enforce, tender, give or mini fter unto any churchwarden, side-man or other person whath ever, any corporal oath, whereby he or she shall or may b< charged or obliged to make any presentment of any crime or of fence, or to confess or to accule himself or herself of any crime, offence, delinquency or misdemeanor, or any neglect, matter 01 thing, whereby or by reason whereof he or she shall or may be liable or expoied to any censure, pain, penalty or puniftunen; whatsoever; (3) upon pain and penalty that every person who shall offend contrary to this statute, shall forfeit and pay treble damages to every person thereby grieyed, and the sum of one hundred pounds to him or them who shall first demand and sue for the same; which said treble damages and sum of one hundred pounds, shall and may be demanded and recovered by action of debt, bill or plaint, in any court of record, wherein no privilege, essoin, protection or wager of law shall be admitted 01, dif a^owc^ to ^e defendant. (4) And be it further enacted, That abled from " evefy Person who shall be once convicted of any act or offence pro-any office or hibited by this statute, shall for such act or offence be from and af-imployment ter such conviction, utterly disabled to beor continue in any office by the Kings or imployment in any court of justice whatsoever, or to exercise letters patents. Qr executc any pOWcr> authority or jurisdiction by force of any commission or letters patents of the King, his heirs or successors. No new court V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said to be erected first day of August, no new court shall be erected, ordained or with the like appointed within this realm of England or dominion of power* which shall or may have the like power, jurisdiction or authority, as the said high commission-court now hath or pretendeth to

haves

3 Cro.62.

13 Car. >. flat. z. c. is. £ 4.

Penalty, treble da* mages, and one hundred pounds.

Offenders

345

iave; but that all and every such letters patents, commissions md grants, made or to be made by his Majesty, his heirs or fuc-ressors, and all powers and authorities granted, or pretended or Tientioned to be granted thereby, j&nd all alts, ferttfcnces and de-: rees to be made by virtue or colour thereof, shall be utterly /oid and of none effect. Repealed by 13 Cflr. 2. flat. 1. r. 12. fl 2. except as to the high commission-courtj fee.

CAP. XII.

A subsidy granted to the King of tonnage and poundage, and other Turns Tonnage and of money payable upon merchandizes exported and imported. EXP. poundage.

CAP. XIII.

An act for the securing of such monies as are or shall be due to the inhabitants of the County of York, and the other adjoining counties, wherein his Majesty's army is or hath been billeted, for the billet of the

is prt

their pay as they shall so forbear. EXP.

CAP. XIV.

An act for the declaring unlawful and void the late proceedings touching flap-money % and for the vacating of all records and proofs concerning the same.

WHEREAS divert writs tf late time ijfuedUnder the great The late pro* seal of England, commonly tailed Ship-writs, for the charge ceding* ing of the ports* towns* cities* boroughs and counties of this realm re- moneylfedwl spetlively* to provide and furnish certain ships for his Majesty's fer- cd unlawful, " vice: (2) And whereas upon the execution of the same writs and re- andallrecorda turns of certioraries thereupon made* and the fending the same by and process mittimus into the court of exchequer* process bath been thence made thcfame"* again/l sundry p&fohs pretended to be charged by Way of contribution* made void, for the making up of certain sums afjejfedfor the providing of the said Ship-writs. ships, and in especial in Easter term tn the thirteenth year of the reign Certiotaiiea. of our sovereign lord the King that now is, a writ of scire facias was awarded out of the court of exchequer* to the thenjberiff of Bucking- aninft John hamshire, against John Hampden, esquite* to appear and Shew Hampden, cause* why he should not be charged with a certain sum so qffejfed upon*him; (3) upon whose appearance and demurrer to the proceedings Vaurian therein* the barons of the exchequer adjourned the same case into the excheauer-chamber* where it Was solemnly argued divers days* and at length it was there agreed by the greater part of all the justices of the courts of King's bench and common pleas* and of the barons of the exchequer* there assembled* That the said John Hampden Jboiudbe charged with the said sum so as aforesaid assessed on him \ (4) the main grounds and rcafohs of the said justices aild barons which so agree* being* that when the good and fajfely of the kingdom in general is concerned* and the whole kingdom m danger* the King might by writ under the great seal of England, command all the subjects of this his kingdom* at thetr charge* to provide and furpifh such number of ships with men* victuals and munition, and for such time as the King should tlmk fit* for the defence and safeguard of the kingdom from such danger and peril, and that by law the King might compel the doing the re-

346 Anno decimo sexto Caroli. c0 i5. [1640.

Inst. 5»J.f> in case of refusal or refralloriness; (5) and that the King is tk

foie judge, both of the danger and when and bow the same is to be prevented and avoided; (6) according to which grounds and reasons, all the justices of the said courts of King's bench and common pleas, and the said barons of the exchequer, having been formerly consulted with Extrajudicial by his Majestfs command, had set their hands to an extrajudicial epi- opinion. niony expressed to the same purpose; which opinion, with their name;

thereunto, was also by his Majesty's command inroiled in the courts of chancery, King's bench, common pleas and exchequer, and likewise en-ired among the remembrances of the court of Jtar-chambery and ac- Judgment. cording to the said agreement of the said justices and barons, judgment was given by the barons of exchequer, That the said John Hampden should be charged with the said sum so affcjfed on him \ (7) and whereas form other allions and process depend, and have depended, in the said court of exchequer, and in some other courts against other persons, for the hie kind of charge, grounded upon the said writs, commonly called ship-writs, all which writs and proceedings as aforesaid, were utterly agatnjl the law of the land;

Ship-money, II. Be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's most and pioceed- excellent majesty, and the lords and commons, in this present ings thereup- parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said charge imposed upon the subject, for the providing and furnishing of ships, commonly called ship-money, and the said extrajudicial opinion of the said justices and barons, and the said writs, and every of them, and the said agreement or opinion of the greater part of the said justices and barons, and the said judgment given against the said John Hampden, were and are contrary to and against the laws and statutes of this realm, the right of property, the liberty of the subjects, former resolutions in parliament, and the petition of right made in the third year of the reigil of his Majesty that now is.

3 Car. 1.

III. And it is further declared and enacted by the authority

Petition of aforesaid, That all and every the particulars prayed or desired in Jbfved° be°b* the petition of right, shall from henceforth oe put in execu-Judgmenu tion accordingly, and shall be firmly and strictly holden and ob-and proceed- served, as in the same petition they are prayed and expressed; ings touching (2) and that all and every the records and remembrances of all andaUentrie* an<* every the judgment, inrolments, entry and proceedings as records and aforesaid, and a]l and every the proceedings whatsoever, upon or inrolments by pretext or colour of any of the said writs, commonly called thereof, ship-writs, and all and every the dependants on any of them, jpde void. shall deemed ajid adjudged to all intents, constructions and purposes, to be utterly void and disannulled 3 and that all and every tj\e said judgment, inrolnjents, entries, proceedings and dependants of what kind soever, shall be vacated and cancelled in such mannpr and fopn as repords use tq be that are vacated.

CAP. XV.

An all against divers incroachpsents and opprejftons in the stannary courts.

Ed. 1, charter. '

WHEREAS King Edward the first, of famous memory, did -fot the amendment of the fannqries in the county of Devon,

347

grant divers franchises and liberties to the tinners there: (2) And whereas in the parliament in the fiftieth year of King Edward the Explained third, upon the petition of the commons of the county of Devon, cer- $s> 3-

tain branches and articles of the said charter were explained in manner followings that is to Jay % Whereas one article of the said charter is in theft words followings viz. Sciatis nos ad cmendatiopem stan* nariarum noftrarum in com. Devon, -ad tranquillitatcjn & utili-tatem stannatorum noftrprum praedidiorum earundem, conceffif-pro nobis & haeredibus noftris, quod omnes stannatores prae-dicti operantes in stannariis illis quae sunt dominia nostra, dun), operantur in eifdem stannariis, liberi Tint & quieti de pjacui* nativorum, & de omnibus placitis he querelis curiam nostra ra?

& hseredum noftrorum qualitercunque tangen'. Ita quod non respondeant coram aliquibus justiciariis vel miniftris noftris feu haeredum noftrorum de aliquo placito feu querela infra prae-didtas stannarias emergen', nisi coram custode noftro stannaria-rum noftrarum prsedidtarum, qui pro tempore fuerit (except.* placitis terr*, vitae & membrorum) nec recedant ab opera tioni-bus fuis per summonitionem alicujus miniftrorum noftrorum, feu haeredum noftrorum, nisi per summonitionem communem. dicti custodis nostri; & quod quieti sint de omnibus tallag, ' Theolon. stallag. auxiliis he aliis custumis quibufcunque in vilias, portubus, reriis, & mercatis infra com. prsedidt. de bonis fuis propriis, &c. (3) Whereupon the said commons prayed a de-

claration, as followeth, Requeste, Sur quoi plefe declarer ft auters persons que les efteynors overantz in les efteineryes averont he enjoyeront la francnife grante per la dite chartre du Roy deii-come la dite chartre voet. Quod omnes stannatores praedidti operantes in stannariis illis, sint liberi, &c. Et autres persons que les overours ceftaftavoir leurs maiftres que les louent he leurs servants & auters dayment mefme la franchise. Et auxint plefe declarer fi les dites overours y averont les firanchises que in autres temps a quant ils averont in mefme lefteinery deficome la chartre voet; dum operantur in eifdem stannariis sint liberi, &c.

(4) Upon which request, answer was made as followeth: Responf. fen droit de les dites paroles, operantes in stannariis illis, he dum operantur in eifdem stannariis, soient clerement entenduz de operariis laborantibus duntaxat in stannariis illis fine fraude he dolo, he non dc aliis, nec alibi iabprantibus. (5) And whereas the said commons prayed a farther declarations as followeth: Requeste,

Item soit declares, fi le gardein de lefteinery puisse tenir plee inter eftyeinor & forreyn de querele fourdante aillours que en les lieux ou ils font overantz deficome la chartre voet. Quod custos noster predidtus, vel ejus locum-tenens teneat omnia placita inter stannatores predidtQs emergen, et etiam inter ipfos he alios forinfecos de omnibus transgressionibus, querelis, & contradtibus fadtis in locis in quibus operantur infra stannarias praedidtas similiter emergen. &c. Quare il ticot plee des tieux quereles fourdantz in chefcune parte deins le dit counte. (6)

Upon whiebs answer was in these words, viz. Resp. Et en droit de ceftc article, f$ eat extende la jurisdiction ejerprne^te folone' Ie$

348 Anno decttno sexto Caroli c. 15; [1640.

proles dd dit chartre, ceftaflavoir; in locis ubi iidem operari IR. ooerantur, & nemy aillours ne en autre manere* (7) fVbich charter so declared, was repeated again; and in the eighth year of the reign of King Richard the Second, commanded to be put in execution:

II. And whereas the said King Edward the first made the Sk charter to the tinners in the county of Cornwall, which charter woj in the fertsaid parliament\ upon the request of the commons of tk county of Cornwall, declared in the same manner and Words:

The like char* HI- And whereas the tinners of the counties ef Devon and Com* ter to tinners wall have by virtue of the find charters enjoyed divers and great S-inCortvwall. berties, and are quit from ail tolls, tallages, aids and other customs n Declaration.^ports, fairs and markets within the said counties respective-

ly: (a) Which peat liberties do of right belong to the working tin nor, working without fraud or deceit in the stannaries aforesaid, and not to any other nor elsewhere working, and were granted to the JgU Abuse of ii- tinners for their incouragement in their works: (3) And whereas if berties. late years sundry inhabitants within the said counties, and others, te

entitle themselves to the said liberties, have by fraud and covin, fir finaU or no ionfiderations, bought and acquired, and do buy and acqsdn to themselves decayed tin-works, and small and inconsiderable parts h the same and other tin-works*which abuses are done principally to in-, able the fend false and finned tinners to vex and sue their neighbour in the flannary courts, whore for the mo/l part the defendant is uxr-jnfily debarred his cofis, although the cause be adjudged with him; {4.) and thejurtfiUHon of the said stannaries bothy contrary to antient right and ufagty and the feed charters, been endeavoured to be extended out of the places where the tinner j do work, through the whole counties of Devon and Cornwall respectively, which is noway for the benefit $/ his Majesty, but fir the singular lucre of same private persons: (5) And whereas by the find abuses great inconveniencies dofpuow, (that is to say) the inhabitants of theflttd counties are miserably vexed, afpref-Jed and imprisoned, his Majepy defrauded of his aids and customsj and the lords and owners of fairs, markets and other franchijesy of their tolls and duties, and the government of the country exceedingly confounded and eluded, the said false and feigned tinners claiming when they lift to be tinners, and when they lift to be foreigners \ befiies, that if timely provision be not made, the certain decay of his Majesty's profit in the tin-tvorks will ensue, for that the same being divided into fi many bands and parts, cannot conveniently be set on tqork, nor contribution raised for the working of the same:

The fonder IV. Be it therefore enacted by his Majesty, and the lords fpi-declarations ritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parlia- confirmed. ment assembled, That the said declarations be henceforth held and duly observed 5 with this, That the words of the said char-In locis ubi o- ters and declarations, in locis ubi operantur, be expounded of the perantur, how vill9 tithing and hamlet where same tin-work in work is situate, expounded. antj^eif^here, and no longer than the same tin-work is or None but tin- shall be in working: (*) And it any person or persons that shall ners to be fa- he fuccj jnhit fakl stannaries, shall swear ojr tender his or their working iin-y oat^ m t*lc fai(* court where he or they shall be sued, that he ners,' or they are not, nor is, nor at time of the salt commenced was

not, nor were a tinker or tinners, tfyen such defendant or defendants*

349

1640.] Anno o decimQ sexto CARpii. c. 15.

fendants shall be forthwith dischajrged of frch fiiit, unless that the plaintiff or plaintiffs do forthwith make oath that the said plaintiff or plaintiffs is or are trye and working tinners, without frapdor deceit, and that the cauls of his or their suit arose within the said (tanneries, or concarneth tin or tin-works: (3) And if Persons feed any person he not revert7, and without fraud, a working and la- by others shall bouring tinner, in or about Come tip-work, let on work within havehe*r as-one half-year next before his suit, shall sue, prosecute or impleadtxm' in any the said courts, or before the warden, vice-warden or steward of the said stannaries, any person or persons, that is or are not a tinner or tinners at the time of such frit commenced, then the defendant and defendants in every fitch case frail havn his and their action at the common law, against frch person filing or prosecuting, wherein he frail recover ten pounds and his damages and colts of fiiit: (4) Provided, That such action be Such action to brought within two years next after the action or suit brought in be brought the said stannary courts, or before the said warden, vice-warden within two or steward. years.

V. And be it declared and enacted, That in all cases where Costs in fan* the plaintiff or defendant, plaintifft or defendants, are to have nary courts, costs by the laws or statutes of this realm, there alfr the said plaintiffs and defendants shall have the like costs in the stannary

courts: (2) And in regard that the said charters were granted for the ease and advantage of the tinners, and not for their disadvantage or oppression, and yet divers of them who for special Teafons have desired to sue at the common law, have been re-drained;

VI. Be it declared and enacted, That it frail be lawful to and Timers may

for the said tinners, if they think fit, to sue any foreigners at the Sue foreigners common law: the said charter or any usage to the contrary not- at th? eom* withstanding.mon , aw'

VII. And whereat the bailiffs of the said stannary counts arc very Ahufesofpoor numerous, and art persons of finalI or no credit, and yet upon bailiff, in the return that any ptrfm is btcosno fiersty for any other upon arrest by fannsr'es. precefi out of the said cotarts, fitch person who knows nothing

of the matter, is by falft returns of the said batlffs, made liable to the

debt or demand, which bailiffs, by roafon of, art often

not responsible, andfo the party without remedy;

VIII. Be it enacted, That no person or persons be charged how sureties or troubled as surety by any return of any bailiff or bailiffs of may be sued. the said stannaries, unless that the person or persons returned

fuiety or sureties frail in the presence of two witnesses subscribe or sign a note in writing, that such person or persons is or are become surety or sureties; (a) which note frail mention the names of the plaintiffs and defendants in the suit, and the sum or damages in demand, and the nature of the action, and shall be signed or subscribed by the said witnesses, and returned and filed in the court out of which such process shall issue, and no bailiff or bailiffs of the said stannaries frail be admitted as witnesses to any such note.

IX. And whereas in the said stannaries it is, that if the bailiffs return any person arrested, that if such person snake default at

the

35

Anno decimo sexto Caroli. c. i 6. [1640.

the day, he shall be condemned, and execution is fuddetdy awarded, when as often the forty was not amjlid;

No defendant X. Be it further enacted, That no defendant shall be con-shall be condemned upon such return for not appearing, unless also a note fiSS5-"*under the hand or sign of the party arrested, and subscribed by turn, unlefton tw0 such witnesses as aforesaid, be returned into the said coun a note sub- at or before the day of appearance; and the said bailiff or bai-fcished by the Jiffs shall take but four-pence for every, such note as aforesaid;

and it is provided, that none shall be bailed upor arrest there, till he give such note.

Refcous.

XI. And in case any the said bailiff or bailiffs shall return 2

refcous against any person or persons, he or they shall be admitted to traverse the said return; which traverse if it be found with him or them so traverling, then he or they shall be it further troubled or occasioned by reason of such return.

CAP. XVI. din act for the certainty of forests, and of the meets, mem, limits and bounds of the forests. tEd.j.stat.su TI7 WHEREAS by act of parliament made in the first year of /i* c*reign of the late King Edward the Thirds it was oretained,

That the old perambulation of the forest in the time of King Edward j the first, should be thenceforth holden in Hie form as it was then ridden and bounded, and in such places where it was not boimdedy the King would that it shoula be bounded by good men and lawful:

II. And whereas for many ages pa ft certain meets, meers, /emits and bounds of the forejlsy have been commonly known and obfetrved in the several counties wherein the said forests lie:

III. And whereas of lato divers presentments have been madty and same judgments given, whereby the meets, meers, limits and bounds of same of the said forests have been variously extended, or pretended to extend, beyond some of the said meets, meets, limits and bounds so commonly known, and formerly observed, to the great grievance and vexation of many persons having lands adjoining to the said meets, sneers, limits and bounds so comtnonly known, and formerly observed 3 And whereas of late time some endeavours or pretences have been to set on foot forests in some parts of this realm, and the dominion of W ales, where in truth none have been or ought to be, or at leaf have not been used of long time; For remedy whereof, may it please your most excellent Majesty, That it be declared and enabled by authority of parliament;

What shall be

IV. And be it declared and enabled by the King's mott ex-themMeiand client majesty, and the lords and commons, in this present t^u °- parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from henceforth the meets, meers, limits and bounds of all and every the forests respectively, shall be to all intents and purposes taken* adjudged and deemed to extend Ho further respectively than the meets, meers, limits and bounds which ifi the several counties respectively wherein the said forests do lie, were commonly known, reputed, used or taken to be the meet's, meers, limits and bounds of the said forests respectively, in the twentieth year of the reign of our late sovereign lord King

35*

JFamtSj and not beyond in any wise; any perambulation or perambulations, presentments, extents, uirveys, judgments, records, decrees, or other matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding: (2) and that all and every the pre- Presentments fentments since the said twentieth year made, and all and every other preferment and presentments, and all and every judg- v" ment and award upon, or by reason or pretext of, any such preferment or presentments, and all and every perambulation and perambulations, surveys, extents, and other act and acts, at any time heretofore had or made, by which the meets, meers, limits or bounds of the said forests, or any of them, are or are pretended to be further extended than as aforesaid;

(3) and also all and every presentment of any person or persons at any justice-feat, fwainmote, or court of attachments, for or by reason or by colour of any act or acts whatsoever done or committed in any place without or beyond the said meets, meers, limits or bounds respectively, so commonly known, " reputed, used or taken as aforesaid, and all and every fine and fines, and amerciament and amerciaments, upon, oy reason or colour of any such presentment or presentments, shall from henceforth be adjudged, deemed and taken to be utterly void, and of no force or effect; any law, statute, record or pretence whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, N°pl« where-That no place or places within this realm of England\ or do- ^Inmate, minion of Wales^ where no such justice-feat, fwainmote, or court of at« court of attachment have been held or kept, or where no vpr- tachments, derers have been chosen, or regard made, within the space of bath bee* sixty years next before the first year of his Majesty's reign that years^ail^e-now is, shall be at any time hereafter judged, deemed or accounted taken to be forest, or within the bounds or meets of the forests 5 forest.

(2) but the same shall be from thenceforth forever hereafter dif-afforested and freed, and exempted from the forest laws; any justice-feat, fwainmote, or court of attachment held or kept within or for any such place or places, at any time or times since the beginning of his Majesty's said reign, or any presentment, enquiry, ad or thing heretofore made or hereafter to be made or done to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the autho- For ascertain-tfty aforesaid, That for the better putting into certainty all and °* mc€.ts> every the meets, meers, bounds and limits of all and every

the forest, as aforesaid, the lord chancellor, or lord keeper of jffued. the great seal of England for the time being, shall by virtue of this act, upon request of any of the peers of this kingdom, or of the knights and burgesses of the parliament, or any of them, grant several commissions under the great seal of England, to of to be nominated respectively by the said peers, knights and burgesses, or any of them, (2) to enquire of and find out by inquests of good and lawful men upon oath, and by the oaths of witnesses to be produced at the said inquests,

and by all other lawful means, all and every the meers, meers, " bounas and limits of the forests respectively, which were commonly

35*

Annp decimo fixto Caroh. c.i6. [i64a

manly known to be their merrs, meets, bounds and limits re. foeftively, in the said twentieth year of the reign of our late sovereign lord King James, and to return the inquesta so taken into the court of chancery; (3) and that all and every the fficriffs and bailiffs, of and in every county wherein anj such inquestf shall be so to be taken, and all and every the verderers, foresters, rangers, and other officers of the forefo respectively where any such officers be, shall be alfiftam and attendant to the executions of the Cud commisfioc; according as by virtue of the said commissions respectively the; shall be commanded; (4.) and where no such officers are, cr where such officers be, if they or any of them ffiajl refute 0: neglect such affiffance and attendance as aforesaid, then the (aii commissioners shall and may proceed without them in the execution of the said commissions.

Forest* shall V1L And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, not extend That the forests whereof the meets, meers, limits and bounds meets ic* so returned and certified by virtue of any the said com*

returned.*millions as aforesaid, from thenceforth shall not extend nor be extended, nor be deemed, adjudged or taken to extend any further in any wise than the meets, meers, limits and bounds that shall be so returned and certified: (a) and that all the places and territories that shall be without due meets, meers, limits and bounds so returned and certified, shall be and are hereby declared to be from thenceforth free to all intents and purposes, as if the lame had never been forest, or so reputed; any act or aft$, matte or thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. Grounds dif- VIIlT Provided, and be it further enacted by the autho-afforcited shall rity aforesaid, That all and every the grounds, territories or be excluded, places, which have been or are disafforelied, or mentioned to be difefforested in or by any letters patents, charters or otherwise, since the said twentieth year or the reign of our said late sovereign lord King James, shall be excluded and lpft out of the meets, meers, limns and bounds of the forests, which-are to be enquired of, returned and certified by virtue of the said commissions, or any of them respectively, and ffipll be and hereby are declared and enabled to be utterly difefforested, free and exempt to all intents and purposes, as if the same had never been at all forest, or so reputed -> any thing in this present a#, contained, or any other act, matter or thing whatsoever to the coritrfcfyin any wise notwithstanding.

Tenants,

IX. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That the te-

ownerm, See. of nants, owners and occupiers, and every of them, of lands and tenements, which shall be excluded and left out of the meets, enjoy their meers, limits or bounds of the forests to be returned and cer-antient com- tified by virtue of any of the said commissions, shall or may roona. Sec. use and enjoy such common, and other profits and easements, within the forest, as anciently or accustomably they have used and enjoyed; any thing in this present act contained, or any act or ordinance made in the three and thirtieth year of King S^Ed'n.stat.j. Edward the First, or any custom or law of the forest, or any other matter or thing to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

16nn.] Anno decimo sexto Caroli. c. 17 — 19.

CAP. XVII.

An act for the pacification between England and Scotland. EXP. Rymer's F$ecUra, Vol. ao, p. 488.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for (ecuring by publick faith the remainder of the friendly assistance and relief promiied to our brethren of Scotland. EXP.

CAP. XIX.

An act for the better ordering and regulating of the office of clerk of the market, allowed and confirmed by this statute \ and for the reformation of false weights and measures.

Forasmuch as the undue execution of the office of clerk of the Grievances market hath been very grievous unto divers of his Majesty's most by clerkjof loving subjects, who have been much troubled by unnecejfaryJummons, ^be uahtr and charged with exalfions of divers sums of money, by colour of the wriglitsaaS said office, and in regard the find evils have partly arisen by means of measures* an inequality of weights and measures throughout this kingdom, (2) and by granting and letting to farm the said office of clerk of the market and the execution thereof in and through all or the most of the several counties of this kingdom, for great sums of money, which the said farmers or grantees, by their unjujl and undue proceedings in the said office, do extort from his Majesty's subjects again, to their great impoverishment, and yet little or no redress at all in their said weights and measures, or any benefit thereby accruing to his Majesty:

(3) for remedy whereof, and for regulating ofall weights and mbafuret according to the true intent of this statute, and the other statutes in that behalf formerly made and provided, and preventing the said inconveniencies:

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent There shall be majesty, the lords and commons of this present parliament but one met* assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from hence-forth there shall be but one weight, one measure, and one One yard, yard, according to the standard of the exchequer, throughout9H. 3. Hat. 1. all the realm, as well in places privileged as without; anyc*5-usage or custom to the contrary notwithstanding: (2) and that every measure of com shall be strike without heap: (3) and7Ed.3.stat a. whosoever shall fell by or keep any other weight, measure ore. 10. yard, than as aforesaid, whereby any corn, grain or other thing is bought or sold, after six months after the end of this present session of parliament, shall forfeit for every such offence five shillings; Forfeiture.

(4) being thereof lawfully convicted by the oath of one sufficient witness, before any justice of peace, mayor, or other head officer of the county, city or town corporate respectively where the said offence shall be committed, who by virtue of this act shall have power to administer an oath in that behalf: (5) which How to be said sum or penalty of five shillings shall be levied by the levied, church-wardens and overseers of the poor of the parish, or some or one of them, where such offence is or shall be committed, to the use of the poor Of the same parish, of the goods and chattels of such offenders, by way of distress dnd sale of the offenders goods, rewiring the overplus to the party Ho offending:

' Vot. VII. A a.(6) and

35 4

Anno decimo sexto Caroli. C. 19. [1640.

(6) and in default of such distress, it shall be lawful for any justices of peace, mayor, or other head officer of the county, city or town corporate respectively, to commit the said party to the prison or gaol, there to remain without bail or mainpriig until he shall pay such sums of money forfeited as aforesaid. Clerk of the

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

market, hn That no clerk of the market of the King's house, which no* is or hereafter shall be, or of the prince his highness, his heirs or successors, which is or shall be duke of Cornwall, or his or their deputy or deputies, shall hereafter execute his or the: said office or offices respectively in any part of the kingdom, but only within the verge of the King's court where it shall then Mayor, bead reside for the time being: (2) and that it shall be always here-londsf Hiber a^tcr ^aw^ui for any mayor or other head-officer of any city, ties havepower borough or town corporate, or for any lord or lords of liberty, as clerks of liberties or franchises, his or their deputy or deputies or agents, the market, according to their several liberties and jurisdictions, to have ful power to execute the said offices respectively, as they ought cri might have done before the making of this a <S. (3) And fori

the more ease of his Majesty's subjects; forfeiture of IV; Be it further enacted, That if any clerk of the market °Lth % w^in his aforesaid precincts and limits of the verge of the martet for of King's house only, or any mayor, or other officer whatsoever, who by virtue or this act shall have power to enquire of any abuses in weights and measures, shall seal or give allowance unto any other weight or measure, weights or measures, other than according to the said standard of the exchequer, or /ha'.! upon reasonable request and warning refiife to seal or give allowance unto such weight or measure, weights or measures, 2$ are according to the said standard of the exchequer, paying only such fee or fees for such allowance, as by the statute or statutes, or by antient custom, are in that behalf formerly provided and allowed, and no more, that then the said clerk of the market, mayor, and other officer or officers of such city, borough or town, and the said lord and lords of liberty or liberties, and his and their deputy or deputies and agents respectively, shall forfeit for every such offence five pounds, to be levied as aforesaid to the use of the poor of the parish where such offence is or shall be committed.

Forfeiture for V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, taking unlaw- That if the clerk of the market, his deputy or deputies, fol fines or or agents within the verge aforesaid, or any mayor, or any other officer or officers of any city or town, or any lord or lords of liberties, his or their deputy or deputies, agents or assigns respectively, shall take or receive of any of his Majesty's subjects, by colour of the said office, any common fine or fines, or any fees, other than are formerly allowed by the statute or statutes, or ancient custom in that behalf madeorused; (2) shall take any fee or fees, or other sum of money, reward or consideration, for the making, signing or examination of any weights or measures which have been formerly marked or sealed, (3) or shall impose or affess, or cause to be imposed or afleffect;

any

it 640.] Anno decimo sexto Caroli.* c. 19, 20. $55

any fine or amerciament, fines or amerciaments, without a due and legal trial of the offences for which the said fine or fines, axnerciament or amerciaments, are imposed or assessed; (4) or shall otherwise misdemean himself in the execution of his said office, and be thereof lawfully convicted; (5) he shall forfeit for the first offence whereof ne shall be so lawfully convicted, five pounds; (6) and for the second offence, ten pounds; (7) sind for the third offence, and every other offence afterwards, twenty pounds; to be levied as aforesaid to the use of the poor of the parish where such offence shall be committed.

VI. And be it enacted, That whosoever shall be fined or 15 R. a fiat. 1. amerced by virtue of this act, shall not be again fined or amerced £ 4* for the same offence, by virtue of any former law or statute. bythi^aft*

VII. Provided always, That this act or statute shall not n£t to be fined extend to the rents of farms or lands, or any com or upon any grain due or payable to any lord or lords, or any colleges, sonner law. houses or other societies, by virtue of any lease or leases, JlSSied^0 or other covenant or agreement, but that the same, during p the continuation of such lease, leases or other agreements, shall be paid, delivered and performed, in such measure and form as the same hath been paid, delivered and performed before the making of this act: (2) and that such measure, that ^ater"Ti* is commonly called water-measure, in any ports, maritime towns or other places, shall be fiill used and continued as Repealed as 1* formerly the same hath been; any thing in this statute con- com and salt fy tained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding. »tCar.i.c.s.

VIII. Provided alu>, That no justice or justices of the peace, g*nen\ mayor, bailiff or other head-officer, churchwardens, overseers, issue nay be or any other authorized by this statute for the due execution pleacted, thereof in any point, shalll be sued, impleaded or otherwise impeached for doing or executing their said offices respectively:

(2) and if any suit or suits hereafter shall be commenced against them or any of them, their agents or aflifiants, touching the premisses; That then it shall and may be lawful for them and every of them so sued or troubled in any court or courts whatsoever to plead the general issue, not guilty, and to give this statute in evidence, or any other special matter in evidence.

IX. And in case by or upon this law they or any of them Treble costs shall be found not guilty, or the plaintiff be nonfqited, the forunjuft vcx« defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs against the tion* plaintiff for his unjust vexation.

CAP. XX.

An act for the prevention of vexatious proceedings touching the order of knighthood.

WHEREAS upon the pretext of an ancient custom or usage of None shall be this realm of England, That men of full agey being not compelled to knights, and being seised of lands or rents of the yearly value of forty of ki^ght-^pounds or more (especially if their seisin bad so continued by the space hood.5 of three years next pajl) might be compelled by the King's writ, to receive or take upon them the order or dignity of knighthood> or else Aaz to

356 Anno decimo sexto Caroli, c. 2 i.

[1640.

Writs issued to male fine for the discharge or respite of the same; several writ rd°r a^0Ut^beginning of his Majesty's reign issued out of the court a Jf ignigh»hn^L chancery, for proclamations to be made in every county to that purpofi m and for certifying the names of all fitch persons, and for summonin\ them personatly to appear in the King's presence before a certain day to be there ready to receive the find order or dignity: (2) upon retun of which writs, and transmitting the same with their returns inti the court of exchequer, and upon other writs for further inquiry 9) the names of such per fins, iffiung out of the said court of exchequer, process by distringas was thence made against a very great number r persons, many of which were altogether unfit, in regard either s; estate or quality, to receive the said order or dignity, and very man were put to grievous fines and other vexations for the same, although in truth it were not sufficiently known how or in what fort or when they or any of themshould or might have addressed themselves for th receiving the said order or dignity, and for favtng themselves thereby from the said fines process and vexations: (3) and whereas it is mofi apparent, that all and every such proceeding in regard of the matter therein pretended, is altogether useless and unreafinable; May it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it be by authority of parliament declared and enacted: shall be m- And be it declared and enacted by the King's most ex-

pelled to take cc^cnt majesty, and the lords and commons in this parliament him the assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from hence-

order of forth no person or persons, of what condition, quality, estate

knighthood, or degree soever, shall at any time be distrained, or otherways any fine for* compelled by any writ or process of the court of chancery or that cause. court of exchequer, or otherwise by any means whatsoever, to receive or take upon him or them respectively, the order or

dignity of knighthood; (2) nor shall suffer or undergo any fine,

trouble or molestation whatsoever, by reaion or colour of his or their having not received or not taken upon him or them the said order or dignity: (3) and that all and every writ or

Erocefs whatsoever, and all and every proceeding which shall ereafter be had or made contrary to the intent of this act, shall be deemed and adjudged to be utterly void: and that all and every process, proceeding and charge now depending by reason or colour of the said pretended custom or writs aforeisaid, or of any the dependants thereof, shall from henceforth cease and (land, be and remain discharged and utterly void $ any former law or custom, or any pretence of any former law or custom, or any other matter whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. 1 £. 2.7?. 1.

CAP XXI.

An act for the free bringing in of gun-powder and salt-petre from foreign parts, and for the free making of gun-powder in this realm.

Mischiefs by

WHEREAS the importation of gun-powder from foreign parts prohibiting hath of late times been against law prohibited, and the the smporta* mfing thereof within this realm ingrojfid, whereby the price of gun-

pcivdtr

Distringas.

Fines.

Mo person

164°.] Anno decimo sexto Caroli. C. 22--25. 357

powder hath been exeeffively raised, many powder-works decayed, this*onofgun-kingdom very much weakened and endangered, the merchants thereof?0* much damnified, many mariners and others taken prisoners, and brought into miserable captivity and flayery, many jb 'ips taken by Turkish and other pirates, and many other inconveniences have from thence ensued, and more are likely to ensue, if they be not timely prevented:

II. Be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's most Liberty to all excellent majesty, and the lords and commons, in this presentpar- to import liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall gun-powder, and may be lawful to and for all and singular persons, as well strangers as natural-born subjects of this realm, to import and

bring into this kingdom any Quantities of gunpowder whatsoever, paying such customs and duties for the same as by authority of parliament shall be limited and set down.

III. And be it further declared and enacted by the authority All subjecti aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and may make Angular his Majest/s subjects of this his realm of England, to an"^make and sell any quantities of gun-powder at his and their

will and pleafore j (2) and also to bring into this kingdom any petre.

5[uantities of salt-petre, brimstone or any other materials necessary or requisite for the making of gun-powder. 1

IV. And lastly, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That penalty for if any person or persons from and after the tenth day of August, putting in which shall be in the year of our Lord God one thousand fix execution hundred forty and one, shall put in execution any letters £^t"proc1a^ patents, proclamation, edist, act, order, warrant, restraint or mation*, &c- other inhibition whatsoever, whereby the importation of gun- aeainst this s powder, salt-petre, brimstone or other the materials afore- liberty, mentioned or any of them from foreign parts, or the making of gun-powder within this realm, shall be any way prohibited or restrained; That then the said person and persons so offending shall incur and sustain the pains, penalties and forfeitures contained and provided in the statute of provision and 16 R.», c. 5. pramunire made in the sixteenth year of the reign of King Richard the Second.

CAP. XXII.

A subsidy granted to the King*of tonnage and poundage, and other sums of money, payable upon merchandize exported and imported. EXP.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for the raising of mariners and Tailors, for the guarding of the teas, and his Majestysdominions. EXP.

CAP. XXIV.

An act to relieve captives taken by the Turks, and to prevent the taking of others hereafter. EXP.

CAP. XXV.

A subsidy granted to the King of tonnage, poundage, &c. from the last of November one thousand six hundred forty-one, to the first of February next, and the like until the second of July one thousand six hundred forty-two. EXP.

35*

Anno decimo sexto Cakoli. c. 26 — 3 7.' f 164c,

CAP. XXVI.

An act for the raising of mariners and laDors, for the guarding the feat, and his Majesty's kingdoms. EXP.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for the disabling all persont in holy orders to excidfc any tern, poral jurisdiction or authority. REP. 13 Car. a. Hat. 1. c. a.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for the raising of soldiers for the defence of England and Ireland.

EXP.

CAP. XXIX.

A subsidy granted to the King of tonnage and poundage, and other fan of money payable upon merchandize exported and imported.

EXP.

CAP. XXX.

An act for a contribution and loan for the distressed people of Ireland.

EXP.

CAP. XXXI.

A subsidy granted to the King of tonnage and poundage, and other fam of money payable upon merchandize exported and imported. EXP.

CAP. XXXII.

For the raising and levying of monies for the necessary defence and grei' affairs of the kingdom of England and Ireland, and for the payment 0i \ debts undertaken by the parliament. EXP.

Cap. xxxiii.

An act for the reducing the rebels in Ireland to their obedience to his Majesty and the crown of England. EXP. See an act for the settle. I mart of Ireland, faffed in that kingdom Anno 14 Car. a. one thief and six hundred andftxty-touo, by which this and the following a3s concerning Ireland are % besides their exfiratum, of 90 force,

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for the explanation of a former act for the reducing the rebels in Ireland. EXP.

CAP. XXXV.

An act to enable corporations to adventure in Ireland.

CAP. XXXVI.

A fobftdy granted to the King of tonnage, poundage, and other fams of money payable upon merchandize exported and imported.

---

EXP.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for the further reducing of the rebels in Ireland to their obedience to the King and crown of England.

EXP.

[Caroli II statutes moved to part 2.]

