THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii III. Regis:

Being the FIRST Session of the Seventeenth Parliament of Great Britain.

Vol. XXXVII Part II

A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno tricesimo primo

GEORGII III. Regis:

Being the First Session of the Seventeenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. 1. FOR granting to his Majesty additional duties upon worts, wash, and other liquors, brewed or made in England, for extracting spirits for home consumption; spirits made in Scotland and imported into England and upon Foreign spirits imported into Great Britain; and to continue certain acts for discontinuing, for a limited time, the several duties payable in Scotland upon low wines and spirits, and upon worts, wash, and others liquors, there used in the distillation of spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the exportation of British-made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and spirits for home consumption; and for granting and securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof and for the better regulation of the making and vending British spirits.

Cap. 2. For granting to his Majesty additional duties upon malt.

Cap. 3. To give further time to John Macbride esquire, and his sureties, for entering into their recognizances, in respect of his petition presented to the house of commons, complaining of an undue election and return for the borough of Plymouth, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 4. To continue and amend so much of two acts, made in the last session of parliament, as relates to the importation and exportation of corn and grain, and to the authoring his majesty to permit the exportation of corn, grain, meal, or flour, and to prohibit the importation thereof on the low duties.

Cap. 5. For granting to his Majesty additional duties on the amount of the duties under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes therein mentioned.

Cap. 6. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.

Cap. 7. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain, duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.

Cap. 8. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law; and for giving further time for that purpose.

Cap. 9. For the regulation of his majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 10. For altering and amending so much of an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for removing any doubt respecting the power of the commissioners for the affairs of India, to direct that the expense of raising, transporting, and maintaining, such troops as may be judged necessary for the security of the British territories and possessions in the East Indies, Should be defrayed out of the revenues arising from the said territories and possessions; and for limiting the application of the said revenues in the manner therein mentioned, as relates to such directions as shall be given or approved by the said of with respect to the payment of certain proportions of his majesty's forces in India, and of the European forces of the East India company, therein specified.

Cap. 11. For removing any doubt respecting the sale of mortgage of annuities, pursuant to an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable the East India company to raise money by sale of annuities, and by increasing their capital stock.

Cap. 12. To continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united states of America, so far as the same relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the said united states.

Cap. 13. For punishing mutiny and desertion; for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 14. For appointing of for putting in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.

Cap. 15. For granting to his Majesty an additional duty on sugar imported into this kingdom.

Cap. 16. For defraying the charge of pay and clothing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.

Cap. 17. For cleansing, lighting, and watching, and levelling the surfaces of the streets, and other public places, within the hamlets of Deretend and Bordesley in the county of Warwick; and for removing and preventing nuisances, obstructions, and encroachments, and regulating the driving of carts and other carriages used for carrying goods, wares, and merchandises therein.

Cap. 18. To explain and amend an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, and watching the streets and other public places, within such part of the parish of Saint Pancras in the county of Middlesex, as lies on the west side of Tottenham Court Road; and for preventing nuisances and obstructions therein; and for obliging the trustees for the care of the said road, to pave, repair, and cleanse such part of the said road as is therein described.

Cap. 19. For amending and enlarging the powers of, and rendering more effectual, an act made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for ascertaining and collecting the poor's rates, and for better regulating the poor, in the parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the county of Surrey, and for other the purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 20. For dividing and enclosing certain open fields, lands, and grounds, in the parish of Cottingham, in the east riding of the county of York, and for amending an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, and draining certain lands, grounds, and common pastures, in the said parish.

Cap. 21. For granting to his Majesty an additional duty on certificates blued with respect to the killing of game.

Cap. 22. For building a new common gaol and session house with accommodations thereto, for the county of Surrey, and for disposing of the present county gaol, and the ground thereto belonging.

Cap. 23. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts made, one in the twenty second, and the other in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the harbour of Mary Port, in the county of Cumberland.

Cap. 24. For the better relief and employment of the poor belonging to the town of Oswestry, and to certain parishes within the hundred of Oswestry, in the county of Salop, and to such part of the parish of Llanymynech as lies within the said hundred; and to the parish of Chirk, in the county of Denbigh; and to the parish of Llanfilin, in the counties of Salop and Denbigh.

Cap. 25. For repealing the duties now charged on bills of exchange, promissory notes, and other notes, drafts, and orders, and on receipts; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 26. To allow the importation of seal skins cured with foreign salt free of duty, for a limited time.

Cap. 27. For repealing certain duties of excise upon tanned goat skins and sheep skins, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and also certain duties of customs on tanned goat skins imported.

Cap. 28. To enable his Majesty to make compensation to the officers of the late wine licence office, for the loss of their offices.

Cap. 29. For establishing a court of civil jurisdiction in the island of Newfoundland, for a limited time.

Cap. 30. For regulating the importation and exportation of corn, and the payment of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty on British corn exported.

Cap. 31. To repeal certain parts of an act passed in the fourteenth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for making more effectual provision for the government of the province of Quebec, in North America; and to make further provision for the government of the said province.

Cap. 32. To relieve, upon conditions, and under restrictions, the persons therein described, from certain penalties and disabilities to which papists, or persons professing the popish religion, are by law subject.

Cap. 33. For the payment of the sum of five hundred thousand pounds by the governor and company of the bank of England into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer.

Cap. 34. For enabling his Majesty to settle an annuity of twelve thousand pounds on his royal highness the duke of Clarence, during pleasure.

Cap. 35. To render persons convicted of petty larceny competent witnesses.

Cap. 36. To prevent keels, pan keels, and pan boats, and other boats, and wains and carts being used in the removal or carriage of coals, after having undergone any alterations or repairs, without being first inspected, re-admeasured, marked, and nailed.

Cap. 37. To prohibit the importation into Great Britain of silk crapes and tiffanies of the manufacture of Italy, unless brought directly from thence.

Cap. 38. To amend an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty's colonies and plantations in North America and in the West India islands, and the countries belonging to the united states of America; and between his Majesty's said subjects and the foreign islands in the West Indies; and also an act, made in the twenty seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, in the ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the island of Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the island of Grenada, in the port of Rosea, in the island of Dominica, and in the port of Nassau, in the island of New Providence, one of the Bahama islands, under certain regulations and restrictions.

Cap. 39. For the better regulation and government of seamen employed in the coasting trade of this kingdom.

Cap. 40. For establishing and confirming a certain resolution or order of the governor-general in council of Fort William in Bengal, and all acts done by virtue thereof; and for granting further powers to the said governor-general, during his residence on the coasts of Coromandel and Malabar.

Cap. 41. For granting to his Majesty certain sums of money out of the consolidated fund; for applying certain moneys therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety one; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 42. For indemnifying all persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into execution a certain order of council respecting the importation of a limited quantity of saltpetre; for repealing the duties now payable upon the importation of saltpetre; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 43. To continue several laws, relating to the granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax; to the importing salt from Europe into the province of Quebec in America; to the allowing a bounty on the exportation of British made cordage; to continue and amend several laws relating to the encouragement of the fisheries carried on in the Greenland seas and Davis's Straights; and to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and steel manufactures of this kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of artificers and workmen employed in those manufactures to go into parts beyond the seas; and to make perpetual an act made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to permit the free importation of raw goat skins into this kingdom.

Cap. 44. To continue the several laws therein mentioned, so far as relates to the ascertaining the strength of spirits by Clarke's hydrometer

Cap. 45. For the encouragement of the pilchard fishery, by allowing a further bounty upon pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

Cap. 46. For the better regulating of gaols, and other places of confinement.

Cap. 47. To prevent other ships than those laden with tobacco from mooring and discharging their lading at the places appointed by an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the duties on tobacco and snuff, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof; to prohibit the exportation of damaged or mean tobacco; and for permitting the importation of tobacco and snuff into the port of Newcastle upon Tyne.

Cap. 48. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.

Cap. 49. For raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for defraying the public expenses occasioned by the augmentation of his Majesty's forces, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

Cap. 50. For raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.

Cap. 51. For better protecting the several oyster fisheries within this kingdom.

Cap. 52. To continue, for a limited time, an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for further regulating the trade or business of pawnbrokers.

Cap. 53. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

Cap. 54. To continue for a limited time, and to amend an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to amend and continue, for a limited time, several acts of parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying slaves in British vessels from the coast of Africa.

Cap. 55. For establishing a company for carrying on trade between the kingdom of Great Britain and the coasts, harbours, and countries of Africa; and for enabling the said company to hold, by grant from his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and from the native princes of Africa, a certain district of land, commonly called The Peninsula of Sierra Leone, now vested in his Majesty, or belonging to the said princes, for the better enabling the company to carry on the said trade.

Cap. 56. More effectually to prevent abuses and frauds committed by persons employed in the manufactures of combing wool and worsted yarn, in the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the said city.

Cap. 57. For building and maintaining a bridewell and correction house in and for the city and county of Edinburgh.

Cap. 58. For the better regulation and government of the company of cutlers, within the liberty of Hallamshire, in the county of York, and within six miles of the said liberty, and of their journeymen and apprentices.

Cap. 59. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from, or from near to, the town of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick, to communicate with the river Severn, near to the city of Worcester.

Cap. 60. For building a bridge, near the ferry over the river Ouze, from Selby, in the west riding of the county of York, to the opposite shore, in the parish of Hemingborough, in the east riding of the said county.

Cap. 61. For paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, widening, regulating, and improving, a certain street called The Upper Ground Street, in the parish of Christ Church, in the county of Surrey, and certain other streets, lanes, passages, and places, within the said parish; and for removing and preventing encroachments, nuisances, and annoyances therein; and for shutting up part of an alley or passage leading from Bull Alley to Marygold Court.

Cap. 62. For widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleansing, and lighting the streets, lanes, and other public passages and places, within the King's town of Maidstone, in the county of Kent, for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, nuisances and annoyances therein; for better supplying the said town with water, and for repairing the highways within the parish of Maidstone.

Cap. 63. For repealing an act, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act for paving of the city of Chichester, and for the better paving, repairing and cleansing, the streets, lanes, and public ways and passages within the walls of the said city, and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 64. For repairing, paving, and cleansing the highways, streets, and lanes, within the town and borough of Deal, in the county of Kent, and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 65. For making and maintaining a navigable communication between the Loughborough canal and the town of Leicester, and for making and maintaining a communication by railways or stone roads, and water levels, from several places and mines to the said Loughborough canal, and for continuing the same, by passing along the said canal to the said navigable communication, all in the county of Leicester.

Cap. 66. To enable the earl of Egremont to make and maintain the river Rother navigable from the town of Midhurst to a certain meadow called The Railed Pieces, or Stopham Meadow, in the parish of Stopham, and a navigable cut from the said river to the river Arun, at or near Stopham Bridge, in the county of Sussex, and for other purposes.

Cap. 67, To enable the company of proprietors of the Thames and Severn canal navigation to borrow a further sum of money to complete the said navigation.

Cap. 68. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from Manchester to or near Presto-lee Bridge, in the township of Little Lever, and from thence, by one branch, to or near the town of Bolton, and by another branch to or near the town of Bury, and to Weddell Brook, in the parish of Bury, all in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 69. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from Kington, in the county of Hereford, by or through Leominster, to join the river Severn near Stourport Bridge, in the county of Worcester.

Cap. 70. For lighting, cleansing, and watching the streets, lanes, and other publick passages and places, within the township of Stourbridge, in the parish of Old Swinford, in the county of Worcester, and for removing and preventing obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 71. For taking down and rebuilding the parish church of All Saints, within the town and county of the town of Southampton and for purchasing land for the purpose of a church yard for the use of the said parish.

Cap. 72. For the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundreds of Loes and Wilford, in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 73. For repairing the parish church of Saffron Walden, in the county of Essex.

Cap. 74. For building a new church in the town of Wakefield, in the west riding of the county of York, and for providing a proper burial ground, and making provision for a minister to officiate in the said church.

Cap. 75. For enlarging the powers of an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for rebuilding the parish church of Saint Chad, in the town of Shrewsbury, and county of Salop; and for providing a new cemetery or burial ground, and making convenient avenues and passages to the said church and cemetery, and for raising a further sum of money for fully effecting the general purposes in the said act mentioned.

Cap. 76. For improving the navigation of the river Ouse, between Newhaven Bridge and Lewes Bridge, in the county of Sussex, and for the better draining of the lowlands lying in Lewes and Laughton Levels, in the said county.

Cap. 77. For making navigable the rivers Wreak and Eye, from the junction of the said river Wreak with the intended navigation from Loughborough to Leicester, at or near a certain place called Turnwater Meadow, in the lordship of Cossington, to Mill Close Homestead, in the parish of Melton Mowbray, all in the county of Leicester.

Cap. 78. For the better relief and employment of the poor belonging to the several parishes of Ellesmere, Middle, Baschurch, and Horsley, and to the chapelry or district of Hadnal (otherwise Hadnal Ease) in the county of Salop.

Cap. 79. For better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the town of Dudley, in the county of Worcester, and for better supplying the said town with water.

Cap. 80. For paving the footways of certain streets within the city of Lincoln; for cleansing, lighting, and watching the said streets, and other streets, lanes, and public passages and places, within the said city; and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, and encroachments therein.

Cap. 81. For embanking and draining certain fen lands and low grounds within the parishes of Chatteris and Dodington, and hamlet of Wimblington, in the said parish of Dodington, in the isle of Ely and county of Cambridge, and for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the commons and waste lands within the said hamlet of Wimblington.

Cap. 82. To continue two acts, made in the fifteenth and thirty first years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny Sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer, which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the town of Kirkaldy and liberties thereof.

Cap. 83. For repairing, enlarging, and preserving the harbour of Swansea, in the county of Glamorgan.

Cap. 84. For building a bridge cross the river Thames from Stanes to Egham, in the counties of Middlesex and Surrey.

Cap. 85. For making and maintaining a canal, or navigable communication, from or near a certain place called Abernant, in the county of Glamorgan, to and through a certain place called The Brickfield, near Melincrythan Pill, into the river of Neath, near the town of Neath, in the said county.

Cap. 86. For enlarging and extending the powers of the present prescriptive market within the town and borough of Lewes, in the county of Sussex, and removing the same to a more convenient place within the said town and borough, or within the precinct of the castle of Lewes aforesaid.

Cap. 87. For the better maintenance and support of the poor of the parish of Sunderland, near the sea, in the county palatine of Durham.

Cap. 88. For confirming an agreement entered into between the company of proprietors of the undertaking for recovering and preserving the navigation of the river Dee, and certain lords of manors, and other persons intitled to right of common upon the wastes and commons, and the old common salt marshes, lying on the south side of the said river, below, or to the north-east of Greenfield Gate, in the county of Flint, and an award made in consequence thereof.

Cap. 89. For making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the city of Hereford to the city of Gloucester, with a collateral cut from the same to the town of Newent, in the county of Gloucester.

Cap. 90. For paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering repairing, and keeping in repair, Finsbury Square, in the parish of Saint Luke in the county of Middlesex, and part of the manor of Finsbury, and certain other streets and places communicating with, or near to, the said square, and for preventing or removing nuisances and annoyances within the same.

Cap. 91. For draining and dividing a certain moor, or tract of waste land, called King's Sedgmoor, in the county of Somerset.

Cap. 92. For dividing, allotting, and enclosing, a certain large open tract of land within the manor of Holy Island, in the county palatine of Durham, and for extinguishing the right of common upon the ancient infield lands within the said island.

Cap. 93. For dividing and enclosing the open common fields, meadow ground, half year's land, common fens, and waste lands, within the parish of Anwick, in the county of Lincoln, and for embanking and draining the said common fens, and certain enclosed lowlands adjoining thereto, called The Praie Grounds in or near the township of North Kyme, in the said county.

PUBLIC ACTS not printed in this Collection.

Cap. 94. For making a new road from Saint George's Gate, in the city of Canterbury, to a place called Gutteridge Bottom; and for repairing and widening the present road from thence to the Dover turnpike road, in the parish of Barham, in the county of Kent.

Cap. 95. For amending an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and repairing the road from the city of Glasgow, in the county of Lanerk, to Muirkirk, in the county of Ayr, and from thence to the confines of the said county of Ayr towards Sanquhar, in the county of Dumfries; and other roads communicating therewith; and for the more effectually repairing the said roads, and the road from the village of Gorbals, and new bridge of Glasgow to the chapel of Cambuslang, in the said county of Lanerk, and branches thereof; and for making and repairing the road from the said chapel of Cambuslang till it joins the high road leading from Hamilton by burn bank towards Eaglesham, in the county of Renfrew.

Cap. 96. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts, of the tenth year of his present Majesty, and the last session of parliament, for repairing the road from Biggleswade, in the county of Bedford, through Bugden and Alconbury, to the top of Alconbury Hill, and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall, to Great Stoughton common, in the county of Huntingdon; and also the road leading out of the aforesaid road, at or near the Ferry House, in the parish of Tempsford, to and through Little Barford, Eynesbury, and Saint Neots, to the turnpike road at the end of Cross Hall Lane, and from the turnpike road in the parish of Eaton Soken to the said turnpike road near Saint Neots Bridge.

Cap. 97. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, made in the tenth year of his Majesty's reign, repairing several roads in the county of Cardigan; and for repairing other roads in the said county.

Cap. 98. To enlarge the term of an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending the road from Wellsbourn Mountfort to Stratford upon Avon, in the county of Warwick.

Cap. 99. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts, of the seventeenth year of his late Majesty, and the ninth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from a place called Harlow Bush Common, in the parish of Harlow, in the county of Essex, to Stump Cross, in the parish of Great Chesterford, in the said county.

Cap. 100. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, of the tenth year of his present Majesty, for amending and widening several roads leading from The Bell, in Stoke Ferry, in the county of Norfolk; and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Methwold Warren House, to a place called The Devil's Ditch, in the said county.

Cap. 101. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Bicester, in the county of Oxford, to Aylesbury, in the county of Bucks.

Cap. 102. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Robeston Wathan to Saint Clears, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Pembroke and Carmarthen.

Cap. 103. For repairing and widening the road from the market place in Bicester, in the county of Oxford, to the Buckingham turnpike road in Aynho, in the county of Northampton.

Cap. 104. To repeal so much of an act of the eleventh year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the turnpike road at Vinehall, in the parish of Mountfield, in the county of Sussex, to Cripps's Corner, and from thence to Staple Cross, and to the turnpike road near the windmill, in the parish of Beckley, and from Staple Cross to Longley's water corn mill, at Kent Ditch, and from Cripp's Corner to the town of Rye, in the said county, as relates to the said roads from Staple Cross to the turnpike road near the said windmill, and from Staple Cross to Longley's water corn mill aforesaid; and for enlarging the term and powers of the said act, so far as relates to the rest of the said roads.

Cap. 105. For enlarging the term and powers of three several acts, passed in the sixth and twelfth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Fyfield, in the county of Berks, to Saint john's Bridge, in the county of Gloucester; and from an inn called The Hind's Head, in the parish of Kingston Bagpuze, in the said county of Berks, to that part of Newbridge which stands in the said county of Berks.

Cap. 106. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the town of Haverfordwest through the town of Fishguard, to the town of Newport, in the county of Pembroke, and also from the town of Fishguard to the city of Saint Davids, in the said county of Pembroke.

Cap. 107. To enlarge the term and powers of several acts, made for repairing the roads from Living ft one, by the kirk of Shotts, to the city of Glasgow, and by the town of Hamilton to the town of Strathaven, and for repairing and widening the roads from the confines of the county of Ayr at or near Lochgate, to the town of Strathaven, and for repairing the several roads leading into the city of Glasgow so far as the same relate to the road leading from the town of Airdrie towards the city of Glasgow, through the village of Shettleston, till it falls into the great road from Murriehall to the said city; and for repairing the road from the said great road, by Drygate and Whitehill, to Carntyne; and for repairing and widening several other roads; and for building a bridge over the river Clyde, at or near Theevesfoord; and for opening and making certain streets in and near the city of Glasgow.

Cap. 108. For more effectually amending, widening, and repairing, the road through the several parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the counties of Hertford and Middlesex.

Cap. 109. For opening a new road from Milford, in the county of Pembroke to Stainton, and for amending and widening the road from the said new road, through Stainton and Johnson, to Merlin's Bridge, in the same county.

Cap. 110. For enlarging the term, and for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, the powers of two several acts, passed in the twenty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the seventh year of his present Majesty, for making a new road from New Street, in the parish of Saint John Southwark, to and through the several places therein mentioned, and for keeping the same, and several other roads adjoining, in repair.

Cap. 111. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, of the fifth year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from Chapel on the Heath, in the county of Oxford, to Bourton on the Hill, in the county of Gloucester.

Cap. 112. For continuing and amending an acts, of the tenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the several roads from the south gate in the borough of King's Lynn, into the parishes of East Walton, Narborough, Stoke Ferry, and Downham, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 113. For continuing an act, of the tenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from the east gate in the borough of King's Lynn, into the parishes of Geyton and Grimstone, and to the gate next Hillington on Congham Common, and to the north end of Babingley Lane, in the county of Norfolk.

Cap. 114. For enlarging the term, and varying the powers, of an act, of the thirteenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain roads leading into the town of Ross, in the county of Hereford, and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, certain streets or highways within the said town, and also certain small pieces of road communicating with the roads comprised in the said act.

Cap. 115. To continue the term and powers of an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the road from Lewes to Brighthelmston, in the county of Sussex.

Cap. 116. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the Alcester and Evesham turnpike road at the end of Wixford Lane, in the county of Warwick, to Chipping Campden, and from thence to Upton Old Lane, in the county of Gloucester.

Cap. 117. To continue and amend an act, of the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the Exeter turnpike, at Reedy Gate, in the parish of Dunsford, in the county of Devon, to Cherrybrook, in the forest of Dartmore, in the said county.

Cap. 118. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads leading from Brighthelmston to the County Oak on Lovell Heath, in the county of Sussex.

Cap. 119. To enlarge the term of an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Whitchurch, in the county of Southampton, to the turnpike road at Aldermaston Great Bridge, in the county of Berks.

Cap. 120. To enlarge the term and powers of three several acts, passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the fifth and twentieth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the town of Shepton Mallet, in the county of Somerset, and for repairing the road from a place called Long Cross Bottom to the Bruton turnpike road near Batcombe church, in the said county; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating the streets, lanes, and other public passages, within the said town.

Cap. 121. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from Swindon, to the centre of Christian Malford Bridge, and from Caine to Lyneham Green, and from the direction post in Long Leaze Lane, near Lydiard Marsh, to Cricklade, in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 122. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts, of the sixteenth year of King George the Second, and the ninth year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Bowes, in the county of York, to Borough under Stainmore, in the county of Westmoreland; and for repairing and widening the road from Maiden Castle, to Kaber Cross, and other roads therein mentioned, in the said counties.

Cap. 123. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Darly Moor, in the county of Derby, to Ellaston, in the county of Stafford, and from thence to the turnpike road between Leek and Ashborne, in the said counties of Derby and Stafford.

Cap. 124. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the highways from that part of Counter's Bridge which lies in the parish of Kensington, in the county of Middlesex, leading through the towns of Brentford and Hounslow, to the powder mills, in the road to Staines; and to Cranford Bridge, in the said county, in the road to Colnbrook; and for repairing, turning, or altering, the highway leading from the said road, at or near the end of Sion Lane, to the town of Isleworth, in the said county, and from thence to a gate on the south side of Teddington Field; and also the highway leading out of the said great road, near Smallbury Green turnpike, to a house known by the sign of The George, in the town of Isleworth aforesaid; and for lighting and watering part of the said highways.

Cap. 125. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from The Broken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the county of Chester, over the Long Moss and Monks Heath, to the turnpike road in Nether Tabley, in the said county, and for turning and exchanging part of the said road.

Cap. 126. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from the town of Haverfordwest to the city of Saint David's, and from the said city to Caerfai, in the parish of Saint David's, in the county of Pembroke.

Cap. 127. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the roads from Butterton Moor End, near Oncott, in the county of Stafford, to the three mile stone in the turnpike road leading from Buxton to Ashborne, in the county of Derby, and from Blackton Moor, in the county of Stafford, to the turnpike road leading from Buxton to Ashborne, near Newhaven, in the county of Derby, and from Warslow to Ecton Mine, in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 128. For enlarging the term of an act, of the tenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Burford to Banbury, in the county of Oxford, and from Burford aforesaid, to the turnpike road leading to Stow, in the county of Gloucester, at the bottom of Stow Hill, and from Swerford Gate, in the said county of Oxford, to the turnpike road in Aynho, in the county of Northampton.

Cap. 129. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for reducing into one act of parliament the several laws now in force for repairing the road leading from the town or village of Tittensor, to the most northern part of Talk on the Hill, in Butt Lane, in the county of Stafford; and for repairing the road from Darlastone Bridge, over Tittensor Heath, through the town or village of Tittensor aforesaid and for making, and keeping in repair, a road branching out of the said turnpike road, near the house known by the sign of The Black Lion, to, or nearly to, Shelton Wharf, all in the parish of Stoke upon Trent, in the said county of Stafford.

Cap. 130. For more effectually repairing several roads leading from the town of Bromyard, in the county of Hereford, and other roads adjoining thereto.

Cap. 131. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Dunham Ferry to the south end of Great Markham Common, in the county of Nottingham.

Cap. 132. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Worksop to the turnpike road at Kelham, and from Debdale Hill to the great northern road at South Muskham in the county of Nottingham.

Cap. 133. For amending and widening several pieces of road and opening and making several pieces of new road therein described, so as to make a convenient carriage road from Buckingham, through Brackley, to join the Daventry turnpike road near Banbury.

Cap. 134. To enlarge the term and powers of three acts, made in the first and twelfth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the third year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from the powder mills on Hounslow Heath, in the county of Middlesex, to a place called Basingstone, near the town of Bagshot, in the parish of Windlesham, in the county of Surrey; and for maintaining and repairing Egham Causeway, in the said county of Surrey.

Cap. 135. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Great Marlow, in the county of Buckingham, to Stokenchurch, in the county of Oxford.

Cap. 136. For enlarging the terms of two several acts, passed in the tenth and twenty-fifth years of his present Majesty's reign, for amending the road from Aylesbury, in the county of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to the turnpike road between Bensington and Shillingford, in the county of Oxford; and for amending the road from the turnpike road at Thame to the Oxford turnpike road between Postcomb and Tetsworth, in the said county; and for making more effectual provision for repairing the said roads.

Cap. 137. For continuing and amending certain as, of the second and twenty second years of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Flimwell Vent, in the county of Sussex, through Highgate, in the county of Kent, and the parishes of Sandhurst, Newenden, and Northiam, to Rye, in the said county of Sussex, and from Highgate aforesaid to Cooper's Corner in the said county of Sussex, and for repairing and widening a piece of road communicating with one of the roads comprised in the said acts, called Whitebread Lane.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. An act for dividing and enclosing the open common fields, meadows, ings, or pastures, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, within the lordships or liberties of Beal, otherwise Beaghall, and Kellingley, in the parish of Kellington, in the west riding of the county of York.

2. An act for dividing and enclosing the common fields, common pastures, and waste lands, within the parish of Doveridge alias Doverbridge, in the county of Derby.

3. An act for naturalising Christian Noordingh.

---

4. An act for vesting the estates devised by the will of the honourable Elizabeth Byng, deceased, in the county of Somerset, in trustees, to be sold, and for inverting the money arising by the say thereof in the purchase of other estates, to be settled to the like uses to which the estates so to be sold are subject.

5. An act to enable trustees to cut down and fell timber upon the estates devised by the will of Thomas Brand, esquire, and to invert the moneys arising therefrom in the purchase of lands and hereditaments, to be settled to the uses of the will, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

6. An act to dissolve the marriage of John Parflow, esquire, with Elizabeth Hall, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

7. An act for dividing and enclosing the open common fields, meadows, ings, pastures, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, within the loroship or liberty of Kellington, in the west riding of the county of York.

8. An act for dividing and enclosing the open common fields, common ings, stinted pasture, common and waste grounds, within the manor of Tadcaster, in the county of York, and county of the city of York.

9. An act for naturalising Luke Foreman esquire.

10. An act for naturalising Nicholas Albert Martinius and James La Fontaine.

11. An act for naturalising Peter Godejfroy, Johanna Catherine Godeffroy, his wife, and John Thornton.

12. An act for naturalising Jacob Krohn.

13. An act for establishing and confirming an agreement made between William Parkes and Thomas Read, and Mary his wife, and the right honourable George earl Brook of Warwick cajue and earl of Warwick, for the exchange of certain lands in the county of Warwick, and in the borough of Warwick, in the said county,

14. An act for enabling the dean and chapter of Canterbury and Thomas Glutton to grant building leases, pursuant to an agreement entered into for that purpose.

15. An act for vesting the Bath estate, situate in the island of Barbados, and late belonging to Edward Day esquire, deceased, together with the stock and effects upon or belonging to the same, in trustees, to be sold and conveyed, pursuant to an agreement for that purpose; and for applying the money to arise by such sale in discharging the encumbrances thereon, and for other purposes therein expressed.

16. An act for enabling the trustees of Henry Smith esquire, deceased, to accept ac onveyancedof diverse hereditaments in the parish of Reigate, in the county of Surrey, and an annual or see

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

farm relit of twenty-five pounds, reserved out of, or for the manor of Mount Bures, in the county of Essex, and a yearly relit of thirty pounds, part of an annual or fee farm relit of forty pounds, reserved out of, or for the manor of Heddington, with the hundred of Bullingdon, in the county of Oxford, in exchange for the several manors of Knowle, Sevenoaks, Kempsing, and Sealy in the county of Kent, and diverse hereditaments in the several parishes of Sevenoaks, Kemsing, and Seal, in the said county of Kent, and to convey the last mentioned hereditaments accordingly.

17. An act to dissolve the marriage of John ivalford the younger, with Sophia Elizabeth Jeanes, his now wife, and ro enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

18. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common field, and commonable land andground, within the manor and parish of Great Kineton otherwise Kington, in the county of fvcir wick, called gr*at Kineton Field.

19. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and open fields, common meadows, common pastures, fiinted pastures, commons and waste lands, within the manor and parifil of eg ginton, in the county of Derby.

20. An act for dividing and enclosing the open parts of the common arable fields, a common fiinted pasture, called The Town Close, and a certain common, or waste, called The Hollings, within the manor and township of Kippax, in the west riding of the county of York.

21. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the opetv. and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, waste, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Little jvoolston, in the county of Bucks.

22. An act for dividing and enclosing the open common fields, pastures, meadows, woods, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, within the parishes of bar/lon otherwise barke ft one and Pluugar, in the county of Leicester.

23. An act for dividing and enclosing the open common fields., meadows, and pastures, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, within the parish of Hole, in the county of Leicester.

24. An act for naturalising Charles Theophilus Cazenove and John Francis Batard.

25. An act for naturalising Frederick Koithan.

26. An act for naturalising Henry Hyman the younger.

27. An act for naturalising Jean Baptijle Armcnd de Choifeuly called Marquis de Choiseul.

28. An act for establishing and confirming a certain exchange agreed upon between his grace the archbishop of York and William Markham esquire, of certain lands and heriditaments of the said archbishop, called Beckey Grange, in the pari fit of Abberford, in the county of York, for certain lands and hereditaments of the said William Markham, situate at Langthorne and Crakehall, in the parishes of Bedale and Hornby, or one of them, in the said county.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

29. An act for vesting certain ettates, late of or belonging to Thomas Staunton esquire, deceased, in the counties of Essex, Suffolk, and Buckingham, in trustees, to be sold, and for applying the money to arise therefrom in such manner as therein is mentioned.

30. An act to empower Nathaniel Webb esquire, and others, to grant building and repairing leases of certain ettates in the parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the county of Middlesex.

31. An act for dividing and inclottng certain commons and waste lands within the manor of Chadwich, otherwise Chadwick, in the parish of Bromsgrove, in the county of Worcester.

32. An act for dividing and enclosing that part of the Manhood Common, in the hundred of Manhood in the county of Spfsex, which lies in the parish of Birdham, in the same county commonly called or known by the name of Birdham Common

33. An act for dividing and enclosing that part of The Manhood Common, in the hundred of Manhood, in the county of Sussex, which lies in the parish of Wef wittering, in the same county, commonly called or known by the name of We [twittering, Common', and also a certain other open watte or common, called Cackham Green, in the same parish.

34. An act for dividing and enclosing the commons and waste grounds within the parish of Eajhvood, in the county of Nottingham.

35. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing certain commons and waste lands, within the parish of Tarvin, in the county of Chester.

36. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing certain commons and waste lands within the manor and township of gbriftle tonne, in the county of Chester.

37. An act for dividing and enclosing the open fields, common pa.ttures, and waste grounds, within the manor or township of Norton in the Clay, in the north riding of the county of York.

38. An act for dividing and inclottng the open field, commons, and waste lands, within the manor of Handsworth, in the county of Stafford.

39. An act to enable dame janetrafford, widow ind relict of sir Clement Trafford knight, deceased, to take and use the surname of Southwell, pursuant to the will of Edward Southwell esquire, deceased.

40. An act for enabling trustees to grant leases of part of the ettates of Susanna Ann Treffry Dormer and Jane Treffry Dormer, infants, and to invest the moneys arising from the leases to be granted on fines, in the purchase of real ettates to be settled to the subsisting uies of the ettates so to be leased.

41. An act for confirming and rendering effectual a partition and division between Thomas ituflier esquire, and Richard William Peirfe esquire, of the manor and mantton house of Acklam, in the north riding of the county of York, and of diverse mettu3ges, lands, tenements, tithes, and hereditaments, in the parishes of Aikhun and Middle [brought and in the townfliipsof Linthorpe and

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Alrsome, in the said north riding of the said county of Fork; and for settling and limiting the intirety of the said manor and mansion house, and of the specific messuages, farms, lands, and hereditaments, which, upon such partition and division, were allotted to each of them, to the several uses therein mentioned, and for other purposes.

42. An act for vesting the settled ertates of William Dicconfon esquire, and Meliora likewise, and Edward Dicconfon esquire, in the county of Lincoln, and at Wigan, Penwortham, coppuu char nock, Richard, Croston, Worthington Burscough, and Dalton, in Fumess, in the county of Lancaster, in trustees, upon trurt, to raise money by sale or mortgage thereof, and to apply the money so to be raised, in the purchase of an estate at Parboldy in the said county of Lancaster, to be settled to the uses of the settled ertates.

43. An act for vesting the settled estate of Samuel Clowes the younger, esquire, in the county of Lancaster, in himself, in fee simple, and for settling an estate of greater value, in the same county, in lieu thereof, and in exchange for the same; and for enabling the said Samuel Clowes to grant building leases of the estate hereby settled.

44. An act for amending and rendering effectual the power of sale contained in the marriage settlement of sir Jacob Wolff baronet, and dame Anne, his wife, so far as such power relates to, or extends over, the manor of Chumleigh, and diverse messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the counties of Devon and south amptony which have been settled to the uses therein limited.

45. An act to empower Charles Pierrepont esquire, and his issue male, and also the several tenants for life under the will of the duke of Kingston, and their respective issue male, to grant building leases.

46. An act for vesting part of the ertates late of sir Charles Sheffield baronet, deceased, and devised by his will in ftrid settlement, in trustees to be sold, and for laying out the money arising by the sale thereof in the purchase of other estates more contiguous to the bulk of the family estate of the said sir Charles Sheffield, in the county of Lincoln, to be settled to the same uses.

47. An act for effectuating and establishing an exchange agreed upon between the trustees of Wilde's charity and Robert Sparrow esquire, and Mary Bence spinster, of certain estates in the county of Suffolk.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain commons or waste grounds, within the lordships or liberties of Heanor and, Codnory in the parish of Heanory in the county of Derby.

49. An act for dividing and enclosing the common marflieq. droves, waste lands, and grounds, in the pari sin of Gedney, and hamlet thereof, called Gedney Feny in the county of Lincoln.

50. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, heathy and waste grounds, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the lordship of Curdworth and Minworth7 in the parish of Gitrdwfrtb> in the cpnntv of Warwick,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

51. An act for dividing and enclosing the open or common fields, meadow, commons, and waste grounds, within the liberty of Chaddefdeti, in the parish of Spondon, and county of Derby.

52. An act for dividing, enclosing, and laying in several ty, the openahd common fields, heaths, and commonable lands, within the township of Chippenham, in the county of Cambridge.

53. An act for dividing and enclosing the moors or waste lands within the manor and parish of Nylands with Badcombe, in the county of Somerset.

54. An act for dividing and enclosing the common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable places, within the manor and parish of Stockton, in the county of war wick.

55. An act for dividing and enclosing several commons and waste grounds, common fields, and mesne enclosures, within the manor of Sheffield, in the west riding of the county of York.

56. An act for dividing and enclosing several lands and grounds, in the township of Leven, in the parish of Leven; in the east riding of the county of York.

57. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the open and common fields, common pastures, moors, and waste grounds, within the parish of Nettleton, in the county of Lincoln.

58. An act for dividing and enclosing the common and open fields, common meadows, common pastures, lot grounds, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish, townships, or hamlets, of West Langton, East Langton, Thorpe Langton, and Tur Langton, in the county of Leicester.

59. An act for dividing and enclosing certain open common fields, commons, waste, and other commonable lands or grounds, within the manor and parish of Oddington, in the county of Oxford.

60. An act for dividing and enclosing the several common and open fields, common meadows, and common pastures, commonly called Edingale Fields, within the parish of Edingale, in the county of Stafford, and the parish of Croxall, in the county of Derby.

61. An act for dividing and enclosing the open common fields, meadows, pastures, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, in the lordship of Ludford, in the county of Lincoln.

62. An act for allotting, dividing, and enclosing certain moors, commons, and waste lands, called Stoke Moor and Draycott Moor, within the manor and parish of Rodney Stokey in the county of Somerset.

63. An act to enable Henry Hopkins Sane esquire, and Katherine his wife, and the heirs male of the body of the said Katherine, to take the surname of Cholmley only, and to bear the arms of the family of the Cholmleys of Whitby and Wentworth of Howsham, pursuant to the will of Nathaniel Cholmley esquire, deceased.

64. An act to enable Edward Addon Barrar esquire, and the heirs male of his body, to take the surname of Act on only, pursuant to the will of Edward Action esquire, deceased.

65. An act to enable Thomas' Leigh esquire, and the heirs male of his body, to take and use the surname and arms of Hare only,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

66. An act for naturalising Francis Louis Bonapace esquire.

67. An act for naturalising Anthony Ravee.

68. An act to dissolve the marriage of Henry Cecil esquire, with Emma Vernon his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

69. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing, the commons and waste grounds within the manor of Hope, in the county of Flint, and also a certain trad of common or waste ground in the townships of Lower Kinnerton and Dodlesson, within the manor and parish of Dodlesson, in the county of Chester.

70. An act for dividing and enclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, commons, and waste lands, within the parish of Alconbury with Weflon, in the county of Huntingdon.

71. An act to enable Baldwin Duppa Hancorn, of Hollingbourne, in the county of Kent esquire, and his heirs, to take and use the surname and arms of Duppa, pursuant to the will of Baldwin Duppa, late of Hollingbourne aforesaid, esquire, deceased.

72. An act to enable Baldwin Hancorn esquire, and his first and other sons, and their issue male, to take, use, and bear, the name and arms of Duppa, pursuant to the will of Baldwin Duppa esquire, deceased.

The End of the TABLE.

THE

STATUTES at Large,

Anno regni GEORGII III. Mag

nce Britannia, Francice>,

AT the parliament begun and held at Westminster, the twenty-fifth day of November, Anno Domini 1790, in the thirty first year of the reign of our sovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, C Being the first session of the seventeenth parliament, of Great Britain.

CAP. I

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon wortsy wash, and other liquors, brewed or made in Englander extracting spirits for home consumption; upon spirits made in Scotland and imported into England; and upon Foreign spirits imported into Great Britain; and to continue certain acts for discontinuing, for a limited time, the several duties payable in Scotland, upon low wines and spirits, and upon worts, wah, and other liquors, there used in the distillation of spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the exportation of British made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue for a limited time, an act made in the twenty fxth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and spirits for home consumption, and for granting and securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending British spirits.

176 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 1. [1791.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

We, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your majesty's publick expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional rates and duties herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present From Jan. 5, parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, 1791, the fol from and after the fifth day of January one thousand seven hun tien^duties red anc ninety northeast? there shall be raised, levied, collected, and of excise to paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for be paid; viz. and in respect of the several kinds of wort, wash, or other liquor herein after mentioned, brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England, for extracting spirits for home consumption; and for and in respect of spirits made or manufactured in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and imported or brought from thence into that part of Great Britain called England; and for and in respect of brandy, rum, spirits, or aqua vita, imported from beyond the seas into Great Britain, over and above all duties already imposed for or in respect thereof respectively, by any act or acts of parliament, the further duties of excise herein after mentioned; (that is to say),

For every gal For every gallon of fermented wort or wash which shall be Ion of wort brewed or made, in that part of Great Britain called England, for landon" extra<^ng spirits for home consumption, from any malt, corn, malt, C for grain, or tilts, or any mixture with the same, to be paid by the extracting makers or distillers thereof, one penny: spiritsforhome consumption, id.

For every gal For every gallon of cyder or perry, or any other wash or liquor cor ofwafh brewed or made, as aforesaid, from any sort or from other kind of British materials (except such p.s. are before mentioned), British mate or from any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home rials than be consumption, to be paid by the makers or distillers thereof, one edreidenun- penny:

Forever al For evel7 ga^on, f fermented wort or wash which shall be jotofwort brewed or made, as aforesaid, from melasses or sugar, or any mix from melasses, ture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumption, to be or sugar, paid by the makers or distillers thereof, one penny halfpenny: zcb For every gallon of wash which shall be brewed or made, as

Jon of'washt " afore^a^> from foreign refused wine, or foreign cyder, or wash from foreign prepared from foreign materials, except melasses and sugar, or wine, See. ad. any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consump for every 96 ^on' to y the makers or distillers thereof, twopence:

gallons of For every ninety six gallons of wash which George Bishop of

wash pro Maidstone shall produce from a weight of malt or other corn, induced

by G. eluding the bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and Eifliop from 5 0 & twelve

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. i? 177

twelve pounds, the sum of two Shillings and eight pence three not more than

farthings; and foin proportion for any greater or less quantity of such wash

For every gallon English wine measure of spirits of a strength For ev^not exceeding that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, which ]on of spirits shall be made or manufactured in that part of Great Britain called not exceeding Scotland, and imported or brought from thence into that part of*10 over

Great Britain called England to be paid by the importer thereof proof, ^ade before the landing thereof, five pence halfpenny: in Scotland

and imported into England, 5d. sq. and for every And for every gallon English wine measure of such spirits of a gallon of greater strength than that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, i^to^o^ and not exceeding three per centum over and above one to ten over hydro over hydrometer proof, an additional duty in proportion to the metre proof, surplus strength, to be paid by the importer thereof before the and not ex

landing thereof: ceefns 3 per cent, a proportional additional duty.

For every gallon of Angle brandy which shall be imported into. For every Great Britain, to be paid by the importer before the landing on Gf hngle thereof, ten pence: brandy imported

into Great Britain, iod. and for every gallon of brandy above proof, which shall be im for every gal ported into Great Britain, to be paid by the importer before the Ion above landing thereof, one shilling and eight pence: proof, is. 8d.

For every gallon of rum, spirits, or aqua vita of the produce fr every gal of the British colonies or plantations, which shall be imported from fvom\he beyond the seas into Great Britain, to be paid by the importer British colo before the landing thereof, eight pence: nies, 3d. and

For every gallon of rum, spirits, or aqua vita above proof, of for every gal the produce of the British colonies or plantations, which shall be lon ^/ucil imported from beyond the seas into Great Britain, to be paid by pr*00f the importer before the landing thereof, one shilling and souris. 4cj.*pence:

For every gallon of rum, spirits, or aqua vita, of the produce For every gal of the British colonies or plantations, which, on the twenty-eighth Ion of such day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety, shall be rum, C in any warehouse in which the same shall have been put, subjects house on Dec. and according to the rules, regulations, restrictions, and provi a8, 1790, and lions contained and provided in an act, made in the fifteenth year delivered out of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, con after that day cerning the landing of rum or spirits of the British sugar planta*tiens before payment of the duties of excise, and lodging the same in warehouses, and which shall, from and after the said twenty-eighth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety, be delivered out of any such warehouse, eight pence, to be paid by the importer upon demand:

For every gallon of rum, spirits, or aqua vita, over proof, of for every gal the produce of the British colonies or plantations, which, on the ln above said twenty-eighth day of December one thousand seven hundred ^ered and ninety, shall be in any such warehouse, and which shall, from and after the said twenty-eighth day of December one thousand

178 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. i [1791.

seven hundred and ninety, be delivered out of any such warehouse one hilling and fourpence, to be paid by the importer upon demand:

For every gal For every gallon of Angle spirits, or aqua vita (other than such f^rhs^&c16 brandy rum, spirits, or aquavit as aforesaid) which shall be otherthan such imported from beyond the seas into Great Britain, to be paid by brandy, C the importer before the landing thereof, ten pence: as aforesaid, imported into Great Britain, iod. and for every gal For every gallon of spirits, or aqua vita, (other than such roof V 8d brandy rum spirits, or aqua vita as aforesaid), above proof, which proo, is. shall be imported from beyond the seas into Great Britain, to be

paid by the importer before the landing thereof, one shilling and eight pence.

Additional

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore &cty from^t1he, fr*d> bat the additional rate or duty hereby imposed, for or in British pianta respect of rum, spirits, or aqua vita, of the produce of the British tiens, may be colonies or plantations, imported into this kingdom, may be bonded. bonded and secured, and shall be paid and payable in such manner only, and under such regulations and restrictions, as the rates and duties of excise heretofore charged for or in respect of such rum, spirits, or aqua vita, may be now bonded and secured, and are by law paid and payable.

Wash brewed

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the autho in England, ac rjty aforesaid, That no wash which shall be brewed or made in a8geo?3 C 46 that Part Great Britain called England, under and according to to be ex*rules, regulations, and provisions of an act made in the ported to twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for ex snotland^jiot tracking low wines or spirits for exportation from thence to that with any duty Part Great Britain called Scotland, hall be charged or charge under this atf: able with any duty or duties of excise granted by this act.

Duties to be

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That under the such of the duties by this act imposed as hall arise in that part of Great Britain called England, hall be under the management of mi (Boners of the commissioners of excise in England for the time being; and excise in Eng such thereof as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called scot land and Scotland, shall be under the management of the commissioners of ex tivel cife hi Scotland, for the time being.

V. And whereas Jlanding contrasts may have been made, before the said fifth day a/'january one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, by distillers and makers of spirits, for British spirits to be delivered after the said fifth day of January one thousand seven hun a sum equi dred and ninety one; be it therefore enacted by the authority valent to the aforesaid, That such distillers and makers of spirits delivering dutltl<mal be uch British spirits after the said fifth day of January one thou charged on sand seven hundred and ninety one, in pursuance of such con British spirits tracts, hall be allowed to add so much money as will be equivalent delivered alter to the duties by this a<sb imposed, for or in respect of the wort or o^contrl&l* wa from whence such spirits were extracted or made, to the made before price thereof, and shall be intituled, by virtue of this act, to be that day. paid for the same accordingly

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. r 179

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The additl the duties by this act imposed, for or in respect of rum, spirits, or onal duty on

aqua vita, of the produce of the British colonies or plantations,

shall be allowed, on the shipping thereof as stores to be spent and plantations, to consumed on board in any voyage' to parts beyond the seas, in the be allowed on same manner as the former duties imposed thereon now are, or Shipping it as hereafter may be directed to be allowed by law. stores.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the powers, Powers of directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and ^tend^to4, things, which in and by an act made in the twelfth year of the t^s

reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for taking away the court of wardsyand liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights service, and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof; or by any other law now in force relating to his majesty's revenue of excise, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining, the duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in such cases for which other penalties or provisions are made and prescribed by this act), shall be practised, used, and put in execution in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the excise duties by this act imposed, and for preventing, detesting, and punishing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated, and re enacted in this present act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Duties of ex the several duties of excise which were by an act made in the cife imposed twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for re time pealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other a7geo.3. c.i3. duties in lieu thereof, imposed for a limited time, for or in respect on wash

of fermented wort, or wash, brewed or made in that part of Great brewed in Britain called England, for extracting spirits for home consump Engtod, for tien, from any malt, corn, grain, or tilts, or any mixture with fpb its for the same, and for or in respect of cyder or perry, or other wash home Conor liquor, brewed or made as aforesaid, from any sort or kind of fumption, and British materials, except such as are before mentioned, or from ^ondnued b any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consump subsequent^and for or in respect of fermented wort or wash, brewed or acts, further made as aforesaid from melasses or sugar, or any mixture there continued till with, for extracting spirits for home consumption; and for or in b respect of wash, brewed or made as aforesaid from foreign refused wine or foreign cyder, or Wash prepared from foreign materials, except melasses and sugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumption, and which were, by several acts made in the twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, and thirtieth years of the reign of his present Majesty, continued until and upon the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, shall be, and the same are hereby severally and respectively further continued from the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, until and upon the fifth day of July one thousand

io Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 2. [1791.

seven hundred and ninety three: and the said duties, together with the additional duties by this a imposed (except in such cases where other provisions are hereby prescribed), shall severally and respectively be paid and payable by the several and respective makers and distillers of such wort, wash, cyder, perry, or other liquor respectively, at such times, and in such manner, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as the said duties by the said al imposed, and hereby continued, were severally and respectively payable by law, under or by virtue of any act or acts of parliament in force immediately before the passing of this at.

3ogeo.3. c. 3y.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to continue two acts, made in the twenty-eighth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited time, the several duties payable in Scotland upon low wines and spirits, and upon worts, wash, and other liquors there used in the diffcillation of spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the exportation of British made spirits from England to Scotland? and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, u to discontinue for a limited time, the payment of the^duties upon low wines and spirits for home consumption; and C for granting and securing the due payment of other duties in C lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and CC vending British spirits; for discontinuing, for a limited time, CC certain imposts and duties upon rum and spirits imported from a the West indies" and for amending the said act, made in the twenty-ninth year of his present Majesty7 s reign; and such parts of the said actes of the twenty sixth, twenty-eighth, and twenty-ninth years aforesaid, as were continued by the said act of the thirtieth year aforesaid, until and upon the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, shall, from and immediately after further>conti the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety nued till July one, continue in full force and effet until and upon the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety three.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all moneys arising by the said rates and duties (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatever; and the said money, so paid into the said receipt, shall be subject and liable to the uses and purposes herein after mentioned.

Duties paid

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, into she ex That all the moneys arising or to arise by the said several rates

and such parts of 26 Geo. 3. c. 73.28 Geo. 3. c. 46. and s^Geo. 3.0.45. as were continued by that atto July, 5, 1791,

5> 1793 Duties to be paid into the exchequer, and kept separate from other moneys

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 2. 181

and duties hereby imposed, which shall be paid into the said re chequer on or ceipt, at any time or times on or before the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety two shall be carried to, and carried to the made part of, the fund called The Consolidated Fund and that, consolidated from and after the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hun fund, and af dred and ninety-two, all the moneys arising, or to arise, by the ^jttetto bet said rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt, after the said appiieci in fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, payment of shall, together with such other rates and duties as shall be granted 8oo, ooool to by any act or acts of this present session of parliament, for this exch^uer^purpose, be a fund for the payment and discharge of the principal i sum of eight hundred thousand pounds, part of the sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand pounds, to be raised by loans or exchequer bills, in pursuance of any act of this session of parliament, together with such interest as shall by the said act be directed to be paid, or made payable, for the said principal sum of eight hundred thousand pounds; and shall be issued, applied, and disposed towards the paying off and discharging the said principal sum of eight hundred thousand pounds, and interest to become due thereon as aforesaid, and to no other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Upon payment

upon payment of the said principal sum of eight hundred thousand of the said * r. ' t .800, 0001. and

pounds, and all interest to become due thereon, or reserving at interest, the

the said receipt of exchequer so much money out of the said fund, duties hereby to be established as aforesaid, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and granted to discharge the said principal sum of eight hundred thousand pounds, ceape# and all interest as aforesaid, and publication thereof in the manner to be directed by the said act of this session of parliament, the said rates and duties hereby imposed, shall from thenceforth cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and all the rules and regulations of this act, respecting the said additional rates and duties hereby imposed, shall also from thenceforth cease and determine, except as to the recovery of any arrears of the said rates or duties, which may at that time have accrued or grown due; or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture which may have been then incurred.

CAP. II.

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon malt.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, being desirous by the most easy and effectual ways and means to raise the necessary supplies for defraying your majesty's public expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and

lowing additional duties to be paid, viz.

182 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 2. [1791.

From Jan. 5,

be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with ?79*' t ?.p9 the advice and consent of the lord's spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, there shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and satisfied, unto and for the use of his Ma > his heirs and successors, for and upon all malt, the rates, duties, and malt impositions herein after mentioned; (that is to say, )

For every For and upon every bushel of malt which, at any time or times,

bushel or malt, ball be made of barley, or any other corn or grain, within that land Wale?' Part Great Britain called England, Wales, and the town of and Berwick Berwick upon Tweed, by any person or persons whomsoever, upon Tweed, whether the same shall be or not be for sale, the sum of threepence, and so proportionably for any greater or lese#quantity, to be paid by the maker or makers thereof respectively, over and above all other rates, duties, and impositions charged or chargeable thereupon, f or that may be payable for the same:

And for and upon every bushel of malt which, at any time or times, shall be made of barley, or any other corn or grain, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by any person or persons whomsoever, whether the same shall be or not be for sale, the sum of one penny halfpenny, and so proportionably for any greater or less quantity, to be paid by the maker or makers thereof respectively, over and above all other rates, duties, and impositions charged or chargeable thereupon, or that may be payable for the same: every And for and upgn every bushel of malt which, at any time or from Scotland times, shall be brought from Scotland into England, Wales, or the into England, town of Berwick upon Tweed, the sum of one penny halfpenny, and cid. aq. so proportionably for any greater or less quantity, over and above ronnrk11^ the ^ere^n" ^e^ore granted upon malt made in Scotland, and made^scot other rates, duties, and impositions, charged or chargeable land. thereupon, or that may be payable for the same.

3d. and for every bushel made in Scotland, id. aq.

For every

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

bushel of malt there shall also be raised, levied, collected, paid, and satisfied fion^of^aif6^' unto an ortie ue his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for

i^alfter, ai&c. and upon every bushel of malt, whether ground or unground,

on Jan. 5, made of barley or of any other corn or grain, belonging to any 1791, an act maltster or maker of malt for sale, seller or retailer of malt, o "n brewer, distiller, innkeeper, victualler, or vinegar maker, either land, C and n his, her, or their custody or poflection, or in the custody or of id. aq. in possession of any other person or persons whatever in trust for sctiand; to him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their use, benefit, or ac times herein C count upon the said fifth day of January one thousand seven specified. hundred and ninety one, the sum of threepence, in that part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed; and the sum of one penny halfpenny in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and so proportionably for any greater or less quantity, to be paid by the person or persons respectively

possessed of such malt, over and above all other rates,

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii I'll. C 2, 2s3

duties, and impositions, charged or chargeable thereupon, or that may be payable for the lame: provided always, That the said additional duty, hereby directed to be imposed, raised, and satisfied to his Majesty on the said malt which shall be in the possession of any such persons as are herein before describea, on the said fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, shall be collected and paid in manner following; (that is to say], one third part thereof on the fifth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety one; one third part thereof on the fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety one; and the remaining one third part thereof on the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Duties to be such of the duties, by this act imposed, as shall arise in England, ^a^ement of" Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the the commis management of the commissioners of excise in England for the (loners of extime being; and such thereof as shall arise in Scotland., shall be cife in England

under the management of the commissioners of excise in an Scotland.

respectively

for the time being.

IV. And whereas several maltsters, who have sold or contracted for the sale of malt, may not have delivered the same to the buyers thereof before the said fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, and it is reasonable that such buyer's Should reimburse to the said maltsters all such money as they shall have paid for the duty charged thereon by virtue of this act;

be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all Buyers of cases where any person shall have sold or contracted for the sale ma^' c<^nv of any malt, and shall not have delivered the same to the buyer fore Jan, e or person who shall have contracted for the purchase thereof, be 1791, and not fore the said fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and delivered till ninety one, every such sale and contract shall, and is hereby de atter dared to be as valid and effectual as if this act had not been made; duty

and the buyer or person who shall have contracted for the pur

of any such malt, shall, and is hereby required, at the time of the delivery thereof, to pay to the person who shall have sold or contracted for the sale of such malt (over and above the price agreed to be given for the same) all such money as shall have been charged for the duty thereon by virtue of this act.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Powers of all and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, 33 geo/a. c. 7. exemptions, dedudions, bounties, penalties, and forfeitures, ^tead

clauses, matters and things, which in and by an act made in the to thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (intituled An act for granting to his Majesty sever al duties upon malt; and for raising the sum of eight 7nillions by tv ay of annuities, and a lottery, to be charged on the said duties; and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of allowances in the gauging of corn making into malt; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed)> or as are contained in any other act or acts of parliament in the said act mentioned, or referred unto, or any of them,

184 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 2. [1791.

are provided, settled, established prescribed, or directed, for managing, ascertaining, securing, raising, collecting, levying, V recovering, paying, allowing, repaying, adjlisting, and settling the duties thereby granted, or to the payment of rents payable in malt, or according to the price of malt, other than in such cases for which other directions are prescribed by this at, or any other act or acts of parliament, shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing, ascertaining, securing, raising, collecting, levying, recovering, paying, allowing, repaying, adjudging, and settling the several and respective rates, duties, and impositions by this at granted upon malt, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, exemptions, deductions, bounties, penalties and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated, and again enacted, in the body of this present act.

VI. And for the better encouragement of common brewers and makers of beer or ale for sale, mid to the e?id that no such brewer or maker of beer or ale may be under the necessity to take any more in the price thereof upon the retail of the same, thai according to the usual From Jan. 5, rates and prices; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, 1791, the fol from and after the said fifth day of January one thousand seven thtnag How" hundred an ninety one, there shall be paid and allowed put of ances to be*the mornes to arise by the said duties on malt, to every common made to com brewer, or other person or persons who brew beer or ale, and mon brewers, sell or tap out the lame, publicity or privately, over and above all C via; other allowances already given by any law now in force, the several and respective allowances herein mentioned 5 (that is to say),

To every such brewer, C within the bills of mortality, upon every barrel of beer above six billings, 8d;

and, without the bills of mortality, iod.

To every such brewer in England, C upon every barrel of beer at or under six billings, 2d. In the bills of mortality, on

The sum of eight pence upon every barrel of beer or ale above six billings the barrel (exclusive of the duties of excise) brewed by the common brewer, or by any other person or persons who doth or hall sell or tap out beer or ale, publicly or privately, within the cities of London and Westminster, or within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, and returned by the gauger j and foin proportion for any greater or less quantity:

The sum of ten pence upon every barrel of beer or ale above six billings the barrel (exclusive of the duties of excise) brewed by the common brewer, or by any other person or persons who doth or shall sell or tap out beer or ale, publicly or privately, in England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, not within the said cities of London and Westminster, nor within the weekly bills of mortality, and returned by the gauger; and foin proportion for any greater or less quantity;

The sum of twopence upon every barrel of beer or ale of six billings the barrel, or under, brewed by the common brewer, or any other person or persons who doth or hall sell or tap out beer, or ale, publicly or privately, throughout England, wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, and returned by the gauger $ and foin proportion for any greater or less quantity:

The sum of fourpence for every barrel of beer or ale above

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 2.

six shillings the barrel (exclusive of the duties of excise), and not exceeding eleven shillings (exclusive of such duty), commonly called Table Beer, brewed by the common brewer, or by any other person or persons who doth or shall sell or tap out beer or ale, publicly or privately, within the cities of London and Westminster, or within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality;

And the sum of fourpence farthing for every barrel of beer or ale above six shillings the barrel (exclusive of the duties of excise), and not exceeding eleven shillings (exclusive of such duty), commonly called Table Beer, brewed by the common brewer, or by any other person or persons who doth or shall sell or tap out beer or ale, publicly or privately, in England., Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, not within the said cities of London or Westminster, nor within the weekly bills of mortality; under, subject, and according to the rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions contained and provided in and by an act made in the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, concerning beer or ale, commonly called Table Beer, and returned by the gauger; and after that rate for any greater or less quantity:

7'he sum of five pence upon every barrel of beer or ale above six shillings the barrel (exclusive of the duties of excise) brewed by the common brewer, or by any other person or persons who doth or shall sell or tap out beer or ale, publicly or privately, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and returned by the gauger; and foin proportion for any greater or less quantity: The sum of threepence upon every barrel of twopenny ale, mentioned and described in the seventh article of the treaty of union, brewed within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and returned by the gauger; and foin proportion for any greater or less quantity:

And the sum of one penny halfpenny upon every barrel of six shillings beer or ale, or under, brewed by the common brewer, or any other person or persons who doth or shall sell or tap out beer or ale, publicly or privately, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and returned by the gauger; and foin proportion for any greater or less quantity.

Which said several and respective allowances for the said beer or ale, so brewed as aforesaid, shall be paid at the end of every four months respectively, after the duties shall have been paid for the same, and not sooner.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any common brewer, or other person or persons who brew beer or ale, and sell or tap out the same publicly or privately, shall, by himself or themselves, or his or their agent or agents, at any time after the end of four months after he or they shall have paid the duties for any beer or ale by him or them brewed after the said fifth day of 'january one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, produce to, and leave with the colletor of excise of the pounty, Shire, stewartry, or place, where the beer or ale for which fcjie allowances are by this adirected to be made was brewed,

and

185

every barrel of table beer, above six Shillings, and under eleven shillings, 4d.

and without the bills of mortality, L iq.

To every such brewer, in Scotland, on every barrel of beer above six shillings, 5d.;

on every barrel of twopenny ale, described in article 7 of the union,

3d.;

and on every barrel of 6 s. beer, or under, id, aq.

Allowances to be paid at the end of four months after the duties have been paid,

upon certificate as herein mentioned,

its Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 2. [1791.

and where the duties were paid for the same, a certificate or certificates from the officer who received the said duties, that the duties charged or chargeable upon the said beer or ale have been actually paid, and that the same beer or ale was brewed since the said fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, (which certificate the said officer is hereby required to give gratis), then, and in every such case, the said collector shall, out of the moneys arising from the duties by this at imposed upon malt, forthwith pay to the person producing the said certificate, for every barrel of beer or ale mentioned within the respective allowances by this ah in such case directed to be made; and in case the said collector shall not have sufficient money in his hands, arising by the duty by this act imposed upon malt, to pay the same, then the respective of for the said duty are hereby required to pay the said allowances out of the said duty upon malt arising by this at; and if at any time it shall happen, that the said respective of shall not have in their hands moneys arising by the said duty sufficient to pay the said allowances, then, and in every such case, the said respective of ffyall pay the said allowances out of any moneys then in their hands.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The powers That all and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules, me of ia Car. a. thods, penalties, and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, C tv m and by an a made in the twelfth'year of the reign of

een o is jing Charles the Second, intituled An act for taking away th court of wards, and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knight's service, and purveyance; and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof; or by any other law now in force relating to his majesty's revenue of excise upon beer, le, or other liquors, are provided, settled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the duties or penalties thereby granted, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing frauds relating thereto, (other than in such cases for which other penalties or provisions are prescribed by this at), shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing, jaising, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertaining, recovering, and paying the several duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, directions, methods, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present act.

Duties to be

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That paid into the all moneys arising by the said rates and duties, (the necessary exchequer, charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), shall,

parate from* rom t*me to be Panto ^c^pt h*s majesty's ex

other moneys, chequer, distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered,

separate

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. j.' 187

separate and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatever; and the said money, so paid into the said receipt, shall be subject and liable to the uses and purposes herein after mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Duties paid all the moneys arising or to arise by the said several rates and du into the exties hereby imposed, which shall be paid into the said receipt at before April 5* any time or times on or before the fifth day of April one thousand to be9seven hundred and ninety-two, shall be carried to and made part carried to the of the fund called The Consolidated Fund and that from and after consolidated the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety ^nvardsthe two, all the moneys arising or to arise by the said rates and duties, duties to be and paid into the said receipt after the said fifth day of April one appliedinpay thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall, together with such ment of other rates and duties as shall be granted by any a or as of ^e^aised br this present session of parliament for this purpose, be a fund for the exchequer payment and discharge of the prinicipal sum of eight hundred bills, thousand pounds, part of the sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand pounds, to be raised by loans or exchequer bills, in pursuance of any act of this session of parliament, together with such interest as shall by the said at be directed to be paid or made payable for the said principal sum of eight hundred thousand pounds, and shall be issued, applied, and disposed towards the paying off and discharging the said principal sum of eight hundred thousand pounds, and interest to become due thereon as aforesaid, and to no other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, On payment upon payment of the said principal sum of eight hundred thousand of the said pounds, and all interest to become due thereon, or reserving, at

the said receipt of exchequer, so much money out of the said fund duties hereby to be established as aforesaid, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and granted to discharge the said principal sum of eight hundred thousand pounds, cease. and all interest as aforesaid, and publication thereof in the manner to be directed by the said abos this session of parliament, the said rates and duties hereby impoied shall from thenceforth cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and all the rules and regulations of this at shall also from thenceforth cease and determine, except as to the recovery of any arrears of the said rates or duties which may at that time have accrued or grown due, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture which may have been then incurred.

CAP. III.

An act to give further time to John Macbride esquire, and his sureties, for entering in their recognizances, in respect of his petition presented to

the house of commons, complaining of an undue election and return for the borough of Plymouth, in the county of Devofo.

i88 Anno Regni tricesimo prhno Georgii III. c. 4. [1791.

CAP. IV.

An act to continue and amend so much of two adtsy made in the last session of parliament, as relates to the importation and exportation of corn and grain, and to the authorising his Majesty to permit the exportation of corny grainy mealy or flour, and to prohibit the importation thereof on the low duties.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act waspaffed in the last session of parliament 3ogeo.3. c.i. (intituled An act for indemnifying all persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into execution certain orders of council, respecting the importation and exportation of corn and grain, and also certain orders issued by the governor-general of his majesty's colonies in America; and for preventing suits in consequence of the same; and for making further provisions relative thereto;,) which act was to continue in force until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety: and whereas by another adly passed in the same session, in and3ogeo.3. tituled, An act to continue, for a limited time, certain provisions C recited, contained in an act made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for indemnifying all persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into execution certain orders of council respecting the importation and exportation of corn and grainy and also certain orders issued by the governor-general of his Majesty's colonies in America; and for preventing suits in consequence of the same; and for making further provisions relative theretoy relating to the importation and exportation of corn and grain; and to authorise his Majesty to permit the exportation of corn, grain, meal, or flour; and to prohibit the importation thereof on the low duties); so much of the first mentioned act as related to the importation and exportation of corn and grain ivas continued from the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety, until and upon the twenty-eighth day of February one thousand seven hundred and So much of the ntnety northeast: and whereas it is expedient, that so much of the said first recited first mentioned act as relates to the importation and exportation of

at as relates corn and grainy and also the whole of the said last mentioned adiy Should to the impor so farther continued in force: be it therefore enacted by the king's pm tation of" mo: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the corn and lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia

grain, and ment assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much

he iwfi0le first mentioned act as relates to the importation and ex

continue^ki portation of corn and grain, and also the whole of the said last force till June mentioned act, hall continue and be in force until the tenth day 10, 1791- of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.

If the expor If. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That tation of j f9 at any time or times, during the continuance of this at, any

frorrf Great ort w^eat> wheat flour, biscuit, rye, rye meal, barley, barley

Britain shall be meal, oats, oat meal, peas, or beans, hall be prohibited to be prohibited by exported from Great Britain, by virtue of the said recited acts, or virtue of the any authority therein given to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc makfty'in c^rs> by and with the advice of his or their privy council, it J ihau

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 5. 189

shall and may be lawful, nevertheless, for his Majesty, his heirs council may and successors, and he and they are hereby authorised, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, to permit and allow the such^uanti exportation to any dominion, territory, plantation, colony, island, ties to such province, factory, place, or fishery, to his Majesty, his heirs or places belong successors, belonging, of such quantities of each and every such have

sort of corn and other articles as aforesaid, as hath at any time Jbeee^ allowed been allowed to be exported to such or the same dominion, terri by any act of tory, plantation, colony, island, province, factory, place or fishery parliament, respectively to his Majesty belonging, by any a St or acts of parliament heretofore made, and of any quantity or quantities of and of any northeast each and every such sort of corn and other articles as aforesaid, to New

the island of Newfoundland, and to the British islands in the West foundland and Indies, as shall from time to time be found necessary and requisite the West in for the use of the fishery of the said island of Newfoundland, and dies, for the food and sustenance of the inhabitants of the said islands respectively.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Whenever the whenever the exportation of corn, grain, and other articles made exportation thereof, on which bounties have been heretofore payable, shall be f corn, C so permitted, and that the prices thereof respectively, taken in the bounties have manner directed by an act passed in the tenth year of his present been playable, majesty's reign, (intituled An act for registering the prices at which shall be per corn is sold in the several counties of Great Britain, and the quantity mitted, and exported and imported), shall not, upon an average of the returns not exceed^on made by virtue of the said acts, exceed the prices upon which an average'of bounties have been heretofore allowed on each sort respectively, the returns

it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the advice of his made under privy council, to order that the same bounties be allowed on each thepricesupmi fort respectively, as would be allowed and payable thereon, if such which boun corn, grain, or other articles, were exported under the authority ties have been of any act or acts of parliament now in force, and subject to the allowed, his same regulations, conditions, and restrictions, and to the same ^ndfmay penalties and forfeitures, as are enacted and imposed in and by the order the same said acts, bounties as

would be allowed if the corn, Sec. were exported under any act in force.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That This act may

this act may be altered, varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be altered this be made in this present session of parliament. e ln

CAP. V

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on the amount of the duties under the management of the commissumers for the affairs of taxes therein mentioned.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the com Preamble mons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, being de jirous of raising the necessary supplies to defray your majesty's extraordinary expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to

190 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 5. [1791.

give and grant unto your Majesty the several rates and duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par from April 5, liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from

ditiona^dut an ater the ay Apr one ^oufand seven hundred and

of 10 percent, ninety one, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto upon the gross and for the use of his Majesty, throughout the kingdom of Great amount, to Britain, upon every assessment to be made after the fifth day of

au assessments one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, Under or by

made after virtue of any act or acts of parliament now in force, for or in re that day un spect of the several rates and duties under the management of the der any act of for the affairs of taxes, an additional rate or duty bthe comej ater the rate ten poun<^s Per cenium upon the gross amount of rnissioners for the said former rates and duties charged by such assessment, extaxes; cept as herein after is excepted.

and also upon

II. And be it further enacted, That there shall be raised, levied, ^collected, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, upon fnr fh* every assessment made or to be made for the year ending the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, under or by virtue of any act or acts of parliament now in force, for or in respect of the rates and duties before mentioned, an additional rate or duty after the rate of ten pounds per centum upon the gross amount of all the said former rates and duties charged by such assessment, except as herein after is excepted, to be computed for the half year ending the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho not to extend rity aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or to the land be construed to extend, to charge with the said additional rate or

duty of ten pounds per centum, the amount of the duty commonly called The Land Tax, granted to his Majesty in and by an act of the last session of parliament, (intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to - be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety,) or granted, or to be granted, by any act of the present session of parliament, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, or that shall or may be granted by any act or acts of parlia nor to the du ment during the continuance of this act; nor the amount of the son Tnha rates and duties on all inhabited houses, granted by an act of the granted by^ wen ty fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled 34geo.3.c, 38. An act for repealing the several duties on tea, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and also several duties on inhabited houses; and upon the importation of coconuts and coffee; and for repealing the inland duties of excise thereon), anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said: additional rates and duties hereby imposed as aforesaid, shall be paid over and above, and in addition to, the respective

houses, C by rates and duties on houses windows, and lights, granted by an

aft

New duties to be paid in addition to the duties on

IUC11U* IKJ L lile

half year ending April 5> 1791.

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 5; 191

act of the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty; upon in 6 Geo. 3. c. 38. habited houses, granted by an act of the nineteenth year of the reign of his Majesty; upon wagons, wains, carts, and other car riages, granted by an act of the twenty-third year of the reign of on wagons, his said Majesty; upon horses, granted by two several acts of the C by 23 twenty-fourth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his said Ma e 3- C

j j o qq Tories by

jesty; upon male and female servants, granted by an act of the a4 Geo. 3.0.31. twenty-fifth year of the reign of his said Majesty; and upon and 29 Geo. 3.; coaches and other carriages, granted by two several acts of the C 49. on fer twenty fifth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his said Majesty. q^sf

and on coaches, CC by 25 Geo. 3. c. 47. and 29 Geo. 3. c. 49.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Commission

the of authorised or appointed, or who shall be autho ers, C under rifed or appointed, to put in execution the said several acts before the before mentioned, relative to the said former rates or duties, or any of to put them, on the amount of which the said additional rates or duties nare

hereby imposed, shall be of for executing this pre execution lent aft; and that the several receivers general appointed, or who

hall be appointed, to receive the said former rates and duties, to be assessed and collectced under or by virtue of the said former acts,

hall, without any new commission or commissions, or any further security to be had, obtained, or given, be receivers general of the said additional rates or duties hereby imposed within their respective districts or collections; and that the several surveyors, inspectors, assessors, and collectors respectively appointed, or to be appointed, to put in execution the said several acts before mentioned, or any of them, shall be surveyors, inspectors, assessors, and collectors, to put in execution this present act, according to the respective powers and authorities given to them by the said former acts, or any of them; and the said of, receivers'general, and other the persons aforesaid, being duly qualified to act in the execution of the said several acts before mentioned, relative to the said former rates or duties, or any of them, shall, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required to do all things necessary for putting this act in execution with relation to the said additional rates or duties hereby imposed, in the like, and in as full and ample a manner as they, or any of them, are or is authorised to put in execution the said former acts relative to the said rates and duties, or any matters or things therein respectively contained.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Additional the said additional rate or duty hereby imposed for the said half duty for the year ending on the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, shall be paid at the times and in the manner fol 1791, to be*lowing; (that is to say), on the fifth day of January, and the fifth paid by equal day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, by even portions on and equal portions; and shall, from and after the passing of this v !5' n,

1 1 ', r c\' r rr rr i i April?, i7qt

act, be a charge upon the respective persons aiieiied to the pay C ment of any of the said former rates and duties for the year ending the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, and shall be paid by such persons respectively at the times before mentioned; and the respective collectors, to whom any Vol XXXVII O assessments

igz Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 5. [ 179x*

assessments for the year ending the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, hall be delivered for the purpose of collecting the former rates or duties according to the directions of the several acts before mentioned, shall have full power and authority to demand, collect, and receive, the said additional rate or duty hereby imposed, for the said half year of and from the persons respectively charged with the said former rates and duties, in addition thereto, and at the times and in the manner hereinbefore mentioned, without any new assessment to be made for the same, and to give acquittances for the said rate or duty received, in such maimer as is directed by the said acts with relation to the said former rates and duties.

to the of of the division, See.

Collectors of

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That t^dtimate^5 ^evera^ anc respective collectors of the said former rates and March, 1791, duties, to whom any assessments thereof for the year ending the the amount said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety one of the addi shall be delivered, hall, on or before the fifth day of March one e^e^affectn ^lou^anc^ even hundred and ninety one, estimate and ascertain, merit andeer according to the best of their kill and judgement, the amount of tify the same the rate or duty by this act imposed upon every such assessment, and shall, by writing under their respective hands, certify the same to one or more of the said of, acting for the respective division or place in which such assessments shall be made, together with the names of the several persons chargeable therewith, and the amount of the said former rates and duties whereon such additional rate or duty is by this act imposed; and hall also cause two duplicates thereof to be made out and delivered to the said commissioner or of in each division or place, all which certificates and duplicates thereof respectively shall be signed by such commissioner or of; and the said duplicates shall be forthwith transmitted to such persons, and in such and the like manner, as is directed by the said acts relative to the said former rates or duties, or any of them, with respect to the duplicates of assessments therein mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Inspectors to That the respective surveyors or inspectors appointed, or to be ap exanfine th pointed, under or by virtue of the said several acts relative to the the additional former rates and duties, or any of them, shall be, and are duty for the hereby respectively empowered and required to inspect and exhalf year end amine the certificates to be made of the said additional rate or ing duty for the said half yer, ending the said fifth day of April one

the comnfif thousand seven hundred and ninety one, before the commissioner lionersfignthe or of shall have signed the same, and to alter and same, C amend any such certificate or certificates, if they, or any of them, shall see just cause for fa doing; and every person, in whose custody such certificate shall be, is hereby required, upon the request of any such surveyor or inspector as aforesaid, to produce the same for inflexion for the purpose aforesaid.

From April

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ditmna^dut^" roman ar the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hun 10 be paid'anc ninety one, the said additional rate or duty hereby imposed

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 5. 193

posed shall be paid quarterly in each year, on the four mod: usual quarterly; the days of payment in the year for the said duties: (that is to say), f11 ft paynjleilt on the fifth day of January, the fifth day or April, the fifth dav 5 of July, and the tenth day of October^ in every year, by even and the assessors to equal portions, the first payment thereof to be made on the fifth ascertain the day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety one; and q^an^cert^f'* upon every assessment to be made after the said fifth day of April the same to the one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, under or by virtue of of the said acts, or either of them, the aftessors appointed or to at their resp.ec be appointed to make such assessments, and in their default the meetlns respective surveyors and inspectors appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of the said several acts before mentioned, or any of them, shall ascertain the amount of the said additional rate or duty hereby imposed, and shall certify and return the same upon such assessments to the respective of authorised to put the said acts in execution, at their respective meetings to beheld for returning such assessments in all and every the respective counties, shires, stewar.tries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns and places respectively; which said additional rate or duty so certified, shall be added to the amount of the former assessed rates and duties, and shall be collected, raised, levied, and received under the rules, regulations, and directions, prescribed by the said former acts, subject nevertheless to such proportional increase or abatement in the amount thereof as shall be necessary in case, the said former rates or duties so assessed shall be increased or diminished by any surcharge thereupon, or appeal therefrom, in pursuance of the said former acts.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Additional the several additional rates or duties by this act imposed upon the duties to be amount of the several former rates and duties as aforesaid, shall ^ej^j?g^er and may be respectively ascertained, managed, collected, paid, duties unless recovered, paid over, and accounted for, under such penalties, where varied forfeitures, and disabilities, and according to such general rules, bythisact, C methods, and directions, by which all the former rates and duties, on the amount of which the said additional rates or duties are by this act imposed, or according to such special rules, methods, and directions, by which such of the former rates and duties, upon the amount of which any of the said additional rates or duties may be chargeable by virtue of this act, were or might be ascertained, managed, collected, paid, recovered, paid over, and accounted or, except as far as any of the said rules, methods, and directions are expressly varied by this act; and all and every the powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, contained in any act or acts of parliament relative to the said former rates and duties, or any of them, now in force, and not hereby otherwise provided, for the computing, surcharging, recovering, paying and accounting for the said rates and duties by any former acts granted, as far as the same are applicable to the additional rates or duties by this act imposed, and not repugnant to the particular directions of this act, shall be in full force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in execution,

194

Duties to be paid into the exchequer, and kept separate from

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 5. [1791.

throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for computing, surcharging, recovering, paying, and accounting for the several additional rates and duties by this act granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same or the like powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re enacted in the body of this present act.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all moneys arising by the said rates and duties, (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exether moneys, chequer, distinctly and apart from all other branches of the public

revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer a book or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said rates and 'duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatever; and the said money so paid into the said receipt shall be subject and liable to the uses and purposes herein after mentioned.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the moneys arising, or to arise, by the said several rates and

before April 5, duties hereby imposed, which shall be paid into the said receipt at 1792, to be any time or times on or before the fifth day of April one thousand carried to the seven hundred and ninety-two, shall be carried to and made part consolidated 0p the fund, called The Consolidated Fund and that from and after Un'an C the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, all the moneys arising or to arise by the said rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt after the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall, together with such other rates and duties as shall be granted by any act or acts of this present session of parliament for this purpose, during the terms for which such rates and duties shall be respectively granted, be a fund for the payment and discharge of the several principal sums of eight hundred thousand pounds, and one million and thirty-three thousand pounds, amounting to the sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand pounds, to be raised by loans or exchequer bills, in pursuance of any act of this session of parliament, together with such interest as shall by the said act be directed to be paid or made payable for the said principal sums of eight hundred thousand pounds, and one million and thirty-three thousand pounds; and shall be issued, applied, and disposed towards the paying off and discharging the said principal sums of eight hundred thousand pounds, and one million and thirty-three thousand pounds, and interest to become due thereon as aforesaid, and to no other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, payment That upon payment of the said principal films of eight hundred

thousand pounds, and one million and thirty-three thousand pounds, and all interest to become due thereon, or reserving at the additional the said receipt of exchequer so much money out of the said fund duty to cease. to he elhblished as aforesaid as shall be sufficient to satisfy and discharge

Duties paid into the exchequer, on or

duties after wards to be applied in payment of 1, 833, 000l. to be raised by exchequer kills.

O;

of the said Mj3, ooooh and interest,

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 6, 7, 195

discharge the said principal sums of eight hundred thousand pounds, and one million and thirty-three thousand pounds, and all interest: as aforesaid, and publication thereof, in the manner to be directed by the said act of this session of parliament, the said rates and duties hereby imposed shall from thenceforth cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and all the rules and regulations of this act shall also from thenceforth cease and determine, except as to the recovery of any arrears of the said rates or duties which may at that time have accrued or grown due, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, which may have been then incurred.

XIV. And whereas the inhabitants of many parishes or places have frequently suffered by the frauds and insolvency of their col leftorsy by being subjected to re assessments for moneys embezzled by them; be it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That such persons as shall be nominated to be collectors of the said Collectors of former rates and duties shall; if required so to do, give good and former duties

sufficient security to any three or more of the commissioners for &*ve*e?ult

carrying this at into execution, equal to the amount of the whole filing of

rate to be collected in each district, for their duly paying to the which, the

receiver-general such moneys as shall come to their hands, which of

security the said of, or any three or more of them, hers^pm*

+are hereby authorised and empowered to take; and on failure of the persons so named to be collectors as before directed giving such security, if required, the said of, or any three or more of them, shall be at liberty, and are hereby authorised to appoint any other two or more sufficient persons, who can give such security as aforesaid, residing within the limits and bounds of the parishes, townships, constablewicks, and places where they shall be chargeable, to be collectors of the said former rates and duties.

XV. Provided always, That if no persons can be found within If no person the several parishes, townships, constablewicks, or places respectcan be found tively, who are willing or able to give such security, then, and in willing to give such case, the persons who were first named by the of, person first

as directed by the said act, shall be collector of the said former named to be

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.  Four shillings in the pound in engla?id, to raise 1, 989, 673k 7s. iod. iq. mScotland) 47, 954k is. ad. Total, a, 037, 617l. 9s. iq.

rates and duties.

collector,

CAP. VI.

CAP. VII.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.  1 Geo. 3. c. 3. continued until June a793*

196 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 8  io.

[1791.

CAP. VIII.

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and tile affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for that purpose.

CAP. IX.

An act for the regulation of his majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. X

An act for altering and amending so much of an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of his Majestfs reign, intituled An act for removing any doubt respecting the power of the commissioners for the affairs of India, to direct that the expense of raising, transporting, and maintaining, such troops as may be judged necessary for the security of the British territories and possessions in the East Indies, Should be defrayed out of the revenues arising from the said territories and possessions; and for limiting the application of the said revenues in the manner therein mentioned, as relates to such dirzfttm^ as shall be given or approved by the said of with respect to the payment of certain proportions of his Majestfs forces in India, and of the European forces of the East India company, therein specified.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of the ssgeo.3. C reign of his present Majesty, (intituled An act for removing any doubt respecting the power of the commissioners for the affairs of India, to direct that the expense of raising, transporting, and maintaining, such troops as may be judged necessary for the security of the British territories and possessions in the East Indies, Should be defrayed out of the revenues arising from the said territories and possessions; and for limiting the application of the said revenues in the manner therein, mentioned), it is, amongst other things, provided and enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said of to give or approve any such dir eft ion as in the said'aft is mentioned, with respect to the payment of any greater number of his Majestf s forces, or of the European forces of the East India company, than is therein specified respectively: and whereas, by reason of the present war in India, it is become expedient, that a further number of his Majests forces Should now be sent to the East Indies, in addition to those, the payment of which the said of are by the said act authorised to dir eft and approve; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enaeffect; and be it enacted by the king's

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. n

king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said of for the affairs of India, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, at any time before the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, to give or approve orders and directions that the expenses to be incurred for transporting and maintaining such a number of his majesty's forces, not exceeding two thousand six hundred and eighty-two men, including the commissioned and noncommissioned officers, as shall be sent to India, in addition to the number of the same forces mentioned in the said act, shall be paid, defrayed, and born out of the revenues arising from the said territories and possessions; anything in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding

i97

comfriiffion ers for the affairs of India empowered to order the expenses of transporting, can additional number of forces to India, to be, paid out of the revenues of the company.

CAP. XI.

An act for removing any doubt respecting the sale or mortgage of annui ties, pursuant to an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable the east-india company to raise money by sale of annuities, and by increasing their capital stock.

26 Geo. 3. c. 62. recited. east-india company may at any time raise money on their annuity fund, or sell the same, agreeable to the regulations of recited act.

CAP. XII.

An act to continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united fates of America, so far as the same relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the said unitedjlates.

WHEREAS an act was made in the twenty-third year of the

[Preamble.]

reign of his present Majesty, (entitled An act for preventing 23 Geo. 3-c. 39. certain instruments from being required from ships belonging to the united states of America \ and to give to his Majesty, for a limited time, certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the subjects of his majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the said united states); which said act has been continued, by several subsequent acts, until the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety one: and whereas by an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, (entitled,

An act to extend the powers of an act, made in the twenty-third a4geo.3 c. 45. year of his present Majesty, for giving his Majesty certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the united states of America, to the trade and commerce of this kingdom with the British colonies and plantations in America, with respect to certain articles therein mentioned); the powers given by the said recited ft were extended to the trade and intercourse between this kingdom

a3geo.3 c. 39. so far as relates to the commerce between this kingdom and the united states ofame rica, and 24

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 12. [1791.

and the British colonies and plantations in America, so far as the same might relate to iron, hemp, and sail cloth, and other articles of the produce of any place bordering on the Baltic, which might be exported from this kingdom; u thick foetid last mentioned act has also, by several fabsequent acts, been continued until the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety one: and whereas it is expedient that the said act of the twenty-third year of his present Majejlf s reign, so far only as the same extends to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the people and territories belonging to the united fates of America; and also that the said act of the twenty-fourth year of his Majesty's reign Should be further continued; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's mod: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, hat the said act of the twenty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, so far only as the same extends to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the people and territories belonging to the united dates of America; and that the said act, made in the twenty-fourth year of his present ma Geo.^. c. 49^0 jesty's reign, and all the matters and things therein contained, continue in shall continue and be in force until the fifth day of April one thou forcetill April fancj seven hundred and ninety-two, and till the end of the then 5? if next session of parliament, and no longer.

y ^ace II AM be it further enacted, That if any iron, hemp, fail bordering on coth, or other articles of the produce of any place bordering on the Baltic, the Baltic, which may be lawfully exported from this kingdom, which may be shall be exported from hence in any other manner than such as is ^p^ed Jrom or shall be allowed by any law now in force, or which shall here if exportedm> ater 'm force, or by order of his Majesty in council; or if any contrary to goods or commodities whatever shall be imported from any of the law, and goods territories of the united slates of America into any of the ports th^ustedr0m kingdom, other than such as by any law now in force, or

statesof Ame which frail hereafter be in force, or by virtue of this present at, rica, and not or by order of his Majesty in council, now are, or hereafter shall permitted by be permitted to be imported; or if any goods or commodities law, shall be imported from the territories of the said united slates of

and also gooes America into any of the ports of this kingdom, in any other man tbs'erftatesm ner whatever than such as is or shall be allowed by any law now contrary to in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, or by order of his

law, to be Majesty in council, the same shall be forfeited, together with the forfeited with hip or veiled in which such goods or commodities shall respectshe ship, C tively be exported or imported, and all the guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel belonging thereto.

How forfei

III. And be it further enacted, That every forfeiture incurred

tures are to be virtue of this at shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered and A, m _____

applied.

recovered, by such and the like ways, means, and methods, and the produce thereof disposed of, paid, and applied, in such and the like manner, and to such and the like uses and purposes, as any forfeiture incurred by any law respecting the revenue of custorps pray now be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in the places

where

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 13  15. 199

where respectively the offence shall be committed; and that the produce thereof shall be disposed of, paid, and applied in like manner in the said places respectively; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this at?l shall continue atto conti and be in force until the fifth day of April one thousand seven ^rc hundred and ninety-two, and till the end of the then next session j7yzm

of parliament, and no longer.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this but may be

avst, or any part thereof, may be altered, varied or repealed, by tili8

any at or acfts to be made in this present session of parliament.

CAP. XIII.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.  Number of forces 17, 013, including L zo invalids.

CAP. XIV.

An act for appointing of for putting in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.

Cap. XV

An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty on sugar imported into this kingdom.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your majesty's public expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the additional duty of customs herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament alfem bled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fromapviln* eleventh day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety one i 79i>anaddi there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the ^cwt

use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, over and above the to be ptidori* duties payable by law, on and immediately before the said eleventh sugarsimport day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, the into Great following additional duty on sugars imported or brought into an

Great Britain, and not warehoused, to be paid in ready money, housed without any discount, abatement, or deduction whatever; that is to say, For every hundred weight of sugar, containing one hundred and twelve pounds weight, the sum of two Shillings and eight pence, nd foin that proportion for any greater or less quantity.

200 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 15. [1791.

Duty to be

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That na^ement of the ^ut}b by at imposed, shall be under the management the commit anc^ direction of the respective of of his majesty's iioners of cuf customs in England and Scotland for the time being, toms m Eng - And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That land refoec t upon ^uar which shall have been imported into Great Britain, tively. after the said eleventh day of April one thousand seven hundred

A drawback anc ninety one, and on which the duty by this act imposed shall of thesaidduty have been paid, there shall be paid or allowed, on exportation to be allowed thereof within the times limited by law, to the exporter thereof, a drawback of the whole of the said duty by this act imposed and the stateftwas Pa; provided the said sugar be exported in the same state in imported; which it was imported, but not otherwise.

and an addi

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That iional draw for all refined sugar, called Bastards, and ground or powdered back of 3s.4d. sugar, and refined loaf sugar broke in pieces, and all sugar called portation^f*Candy, which shall be made from sugar which shall have been refined sugar, imported into Great Britain, after the said eleventh day of April &c.made from one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, and on which the sugar form' duty by this at imposed shall have been paid, there shall be al

port. lowed, on exportation of every hundred weight thereof, containing

one hundred and twelve pounds, within the time limited by law, to the exporter thereof, a drawback of three billings and fourpence, and foin proportion for any greater or less quantity of such sugars respectively, over and above all other bounties or drawbacks allowed for the same by law, on and immediately before the said eleventh day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.

Duty and V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

drawback to^said duty imposed, and the said bounty and drawback allow fante manner ec respectively by this a CL shall and may be respectively afeer as former du tained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, al tie, C lowed, and managed, in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the ways, means, and methods, and under the rules, regulations, oaths, and powers respectively, by which the former duties, bounties, and drawbacks on sugars respectively were or might be ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, allowed, and managed; and all sugar, on which by this act any additional duty is imposed, and bounty or drawback allowed respectively, shall be and is hereby made subject and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, restrictions, and forfeitures, to which sugar was subject and liable, by any act or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the said eleventh day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety one; and all and every penalty, fine, or forfeiture, of any nature or kind whatever, for any offence whatever committed against or in breach of any act or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the said eleventh day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, made for securing the revenue of customs, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the several clauses, powers, and directions therein contained.

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 15. 201

shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in execution, for and in respect of the said duty and bounty or drawback respectively, by this act imposed and allowed, in as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if all and every the said acts, clauses, provisions, powers, directions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, were repeated and re enacted respectively in the body of this act.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Duties to be

all moneys arising by the said rates and duties (the necessary Paid into the charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall,ait

from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his majesty's ex from other chequer, distinctly and apart from all other branches of the public moneys, revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer, a book or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, hall be entered separate and apart from all aether moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, upon any account whatever; and the said money, so paid into the said receipt, shall be subject and liable to the uses and purposes herein after mentioned.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Duties paid all the moneys arising or to arise by the said several rates and into the eic duties hereby imposed, which shall be paid into the said receipt, beforearilr at any time on or before the fifth day of April one thousand seven 1792) to be hundred and ninety-two, shall be carried to and made part of the carried to the fund called The Consolidated Fund; and that from and after the said consolidated fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, all ^erwardsthe" the moneys arising or to arise by the said rates and duties, and duties to be paid into the said receipt after the said fifth day of April one thou applied inpay sand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall, together with such ment f other rates and duties as shall be granted by any al or ais of b^raised^v^ this present session of parliament for this purpose, during the terms exchequer for which such rates and duties shall be respectively granted, be a bills.

fund for the payment and discharge of the several principal sums of eight hundred thousand pounds, and one million and thirty-three thousand pounds, amounting to the sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand pounds, to be raised by loans or exchequer bills, in pursuance of any adft of this session of parliament, together with such interest as shall by the said act be directed to be paid or made payable for the said principal sums of s

eight hundred thousand pounds, and one million and thirty-three thousand pounds, and shall be issued, applied, and disposed towards the paying off and discharging the said principal sums of eight hundred thousand pounds, and one million and thirty-three thousand pounds, and interest to become due thereon as aforesaid, and to no other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ^fp^epfoident upon payment of the said principal sums of eight hundred thousand 1, 833, 0001. pounds, and one million and thirty-three thousand pounds, and and interest,

all interest to become due thereon, or reserving at the said receipt the duties

'*' u of hereby grant

gi ed to cease.

202 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 16, 17. [1791.

of exchequer so much money out of the said fund to be established as aforesaid, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and discharge the said principal sums of eight hundred thousand pounds, and one million and thirty-three thousand pounds, and all interest as aforesaid, and publication thereof in the manner to be directed by the said act of this session of parliament, the said rates and duties hereby imposed shall from thenceforth cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and all the rules and regulations of this a ft shall also from thenceforth cease and determine, except as to the recovery of any arrears of the said rates and duties which may at that time have accrued or grown due, or to any fine, penalty or forfeiture which may have been then incurred.

CAP. XVI.

An act for defraying the charge of pay and clothing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.  Continued annually.

CAP. XVII.

An act for clean sing, lighting, and watching, and levelling the surfaces of the streets, and other public places, within the hamlets of Deretend and Bordesley, in the county of Warwick; and for removing and preventing nuisances, obstructions, and incroachments, and regulating the driving of carts and other carriages used for carrying goods, wares, and merchandises therein.

Commissioners names. Qualification of of, inhabitants occupying a house of iol. a year, or possessing 20l. a year in one of the hamlets. Commissioners not to hold places of profit under the act. Commissioners may act as justices. Meetings of the of Notice of meetings. Proceedings not to be valid unless done at meetings; and seven of may aft. Chairman to be appointed; and to have the casting vote. Commissioners to appoint: officers; and to take security from the treasurer and other officers. Officers to account. Temporary officers may be appointed, though not at meetings. Commissioners to cause streets to be cleansed, lighted, Sec. and may provide an engine house, office, store house, clamps and materials vested in the of Penalty on will fully breaking or damaging them, 40s. Persons carelessly or accidentally breaking or damaging lamps, Sec. to make good the damage. Night cop stables and watchmen to be appointed. Copies of orders, C to be given to the night constables. Commissioners may contrast for performing any of the works. Penalty on causing annoyances in the streets, 5s. Penalty on baiting bulls, 5l. making bonfires, See. 5s. Annoyances by hogsties, C to be removed. Time of emptying necessary houses directed. Bulks, bulk sashes, spouts and gutters to be regulated. Posts, See. to be removed. Penalty on leaving open cellar windows, See. in the night time, 10$. Notice to be given previous to removal of signs, See. Owners or occupiers may be permitted to remove signs, See. and be allowed the expenses. Penalties not to extend to scaffolds, rubbish, See. occasioned by building. Driving of carts regulated, and width of the wheels 6 inches. Commissioners may number the houses, and affix the names of the streets. Foot paths, Sec. to be levelled. Rates to be made by assessors appointed by the of Houses, Sec. under 61. a year to pay 6d. in the pound. From 61. to iol. a year, 9d. from iol. to 15l. a year, is. from 15i, to aol. a year, is. 3d. of 20l. a year and upwards, is. 6d. in the pound. Rates to be apportioned where different tenants. Rates to be examined and confirmed by of Assessors to obey orders of of Gardens, orchards, land and empty houses exempt from rates. Rates to be apportioned

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 18, 19.

[Public act.]

tioned between occupiers quitting and coming into houses, C Power to mitigate rates in certain cases. Rates not to be less than certain sums, without creditors content. Recovery of rates. Commissioners may raise money by loan; or by granting annuities. Money borrowed or raised not to exceed iooool. Notice to be given of borrowing money in a Birmingham newspaper. Securities transferable Proceedings of of to be entered, and be free for creditors inspection. Application of money arising by rates. Hamlets united for the purposes of the ad, and the limits afeer tained. Accounts to be made up annually. Actions may be brought in the name of treasurer or clerk. Recovery of penalties. Commissioners may compound for penalties for nonperformance of contracts. Person aggrieved by rates may appeal to the quarter sessions. Distress not unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover unless notice given, nor after tender of amends. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Inhabitants may be witnesses. Justices may mitigate penalties. Limitation of actions.

CAP. XVIII.

An act to explain and amend an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering, and watching the streets, and other public places, within such part of the parish of Saint Pancras, in the county of Middlesex, as lies on the west side of Tottenham Court Road; and for preventing nuisances and obstructions therein; and for obliging the trustees for the care of the said road, to pave, repair, and cleanse such part of the said road as is therein described.

12 Geo. 3. c. 69. Treasurer may ad as a commissioner. Acts of commissioner, who held the office of treasurer, rendered valid. Treasurers indemnified from penalties incurred for acting as of For preventing allies being taken away by any person but the contrador for cleansing. For removing bulks or flails. For making recompense to owners of bulks, C

[Public act.]

For preventing annoyances on carriage or footways. For repairing flaps and doors to cellars. For repealing power of water companies, to re lay pavement taken up to repair pipes. Commissioners to repair pavement taken up for mending the pipes. Water companies to pay of expense of repairing such pavement. Commissioners may appoint watch housekeepers, See. and give rewards for security of the inhabitants. Manner of paying off securities on rates. Commissioners may borrow money for repairing pavement. Rates may be recovered before quarter day. Rates to be apportioned between parties quitting and entering into possession of houses between quarters. Rates to be paid where goods of inhabitants are taken in execution. Rates may be levied by warrant from one magistrate where inhabitants are quitting their houses. Manner of recovering penalties. Justices may ad, though they are of Clauses of former act extended to this act. How the expenses of this act shall be paid.

CAP. XIX.

An act for amending and enlarging the powers of, and rendering more effectual, an act made in the thirty first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for ascertaining and col leding the poor's rates, and for better regulating the poor, in the parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the county of Surrey, and for other the purposes therein mentioned.

Ad 31 Geo. 2. c. 45. recited. So much of the former act as authorises the appointment of governors and directors of the poor repealed, and others appointed. Confirmation of the orders of the governors and directors by the vestry not necessary. Powers of the vestry, as far as respects the poor, transferred to the governors and directors. Election of governors and di redors in the room of those dying, quitting the parish, or neglecting to ad qualification of future governors and directors. Occupier of a house of

204 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 20. [1791.

[Public act.]

10l. a year, or possessed of 50l. a year in the parish, or entitled to a personal estate of 500l. Penalty on persons not qualified presuming to act, aol. Governors and directors concerned in contracts disqualified, and subject to a penalty of 20l. Times and places of meetings of the governors and directors. Governors and directors may order the vestry clerk or churchwarden to summon a special meeting. Chairman to be appointed, and governors and directors, at all their meetings, to pay their own expenses. Proceedings to be entered in a book. No act valid, unless at a public meeting, except orders for special meetings. Majority at a public meeting to act, if nine be present. Justices of the peace may act as justices, notwithstanding their being governors and directors, and administer oaths, e. For appointing a clerk and other officers. Officers to give security, C For recovering money, in case of death, orinsolvency of officers, C Power to enlarge the workhouse, and purchase ground for that purpose, and to provide necessaries for the relief and employment of the poor. Recital of leases granted to the churchwardens of ground adjoining the church yard. Veiling the interests under the respective leases in the governors and directors. Trusts of the leases assigned. Governors and directors may indemnify the assignors against the rents and covenants in the leases assigned. Lessors not to be prejudiced. Power to purchase a larger interest in the burial ground, and to purchase more ground for the same purpose. Bodies politic, C empowered to sell and convey land. Money arising from the sale of the premises to be inverted and settled to the same uses as the said premises were settled; and in the mean time in the funds, or i*eal securities. Recovery of rents reserved on leases to be granted or assigned to the governors and directors. Legal estates of premises, left in trust for the parish, to be diverted out of the present feoffees, and verted in the governors and directors. Power to let leases of any of the parish dtates. Contracts to be entered into. Furniture, C provided for the poor verted in the governors and directors. Governors and directors may borrow 5000l. on annuities. Annuities to be paid out of the rates, &rc. Purchasers of annuities not to be prejudiced by irregularity in the grants. Annuities transferrable. Annuitants to sue for and recover annuities. As annuitants die, rates to be lowered. Money arising from the poor's rates to be paid to the treasurer, and be under the management of the governors and directors, and paid according to their order. The general rate to commence at ladyday yearly, with power to supply omissions or defects in the rate or assessments. Donations, and other moneys, to be paid to the treasurer. Parish officers to be aiding and assisting in the execution of this act. Against conveying spirituous liquors into the workhouse. Encouragement may be given to industrious poor. Overseers may relieve casual poor. Power to sue for rates, penalties and fines. Penalties and forfeitures may be recovered in a summary way. Governors and directors may compound for penalties contained in any contract. Justices to proceed on the complaint of governors and directors. Inhabitants deemed competent witnesses. Actions may be in the name of the treasurer. Persons appealing to the quarter sessions, to give notice and security. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Actions not to be brought without notice, or after tender of amends. All the clauses of the former act not altered by this extended thereto. The expenses of this act to be first paid.

CAP. XX.

An act for dividing and enclosing certain open fields, lands, and grounds, in the parish of Cottingham, in the east riding of the county of York; and for amending an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for dividing, enclosing, and draining certain lands, grounds and common pastures, in the said parish.

Commissioners, Robert Dunn, John Wood, Peter Neville and Joseph Dickinson. Notice to be given of meetings. Survey to be made. commissioner, See. to be sworn. Lands may be entered to survey. For choosing new of and surveyor. Commissioners to settle disputes. Act

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 2r. 205

not to extend to matters of title. Roads. Commissioners to appoint who shall have herbage of the roads. Surveyor of the roads to he appointed.

Stone quarries, C Turnpike roads not to be altered. Road to epple worth Wood not to be altered. Compensation for tithes. Quantity, quality, and situation to be considered in making allotments. Proprietors may enclose after allotments are staked out, with consent of of.

Proprietors may have their allotments laid together. Freehold and copy hold lands to be distinguished. Fencing allotments. Gaps to be left. Ringfencing tithe allotments. Where parties neglect or refuse to fence their allotment, of may do it. Commissioners to direct the course of hufbaiidry. Allowance to be made for Handing crops. Sheep not to be kept in new enclosures for a limited time. Commissioners to make an award and inroll it in the public register office in Beverley. Allotments to be accepted. Guardians, C to accept. non'acceptance of guardians, C not to bar. For making exchanges and partitions. Allotments to be to the same use as land in respect whereof they are made. Leases at rack relit to be void. Paying expenses of the at. Tithe allotments not to pay any part of such expenses. Arbitrator, Peter Johnson esq; Allowance to arbitrator. For choosing new arbitrator. Power to borrow money.

Securities may be assigned. Commissioners to account. Allowance to of Appeal. Saving rights of lords of manors. General saving.

Act of 6 Geo. 3. for draining and inclosing Cottingham. Altering some of the powers of that act. Trustees to be appointed. Meeting of trustees.

[Public act.]

For making and keeping out ring and division fences. Trustees power to enter lands to view. Paying trustees expenses. Present of to account with new trustees. Trustees to account. Appeal.

CAP. XXI.

An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty on certificates issued with respect to the killing of game.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjetfts, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, being desirous of raising by the most easy means the necessary supplies towards defraying your majesty's public expenses, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several additional rates and duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of July one From July r, thousand seven hundred and ninety one, there shall be raised^colledbed, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Bri tiontl^duties tain, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to be paid, viz. the several additional rates and duties following; that is to say,

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of For every cer paper, upon which any certificate issued to any person who shall use any dog, gun, net, or other engine, for the taking or destruc any person tien of game, (not acting as a gamekeeper under or by virtue of not being a a deputation or appointment duly registered), shall be engrossed, gamekeeper, written, or printed, there shall be charged, an additional stamp IS duty of one pound one shilling:

And

206 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 2 r.

[1791.

to any game And for every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece keeper, ios.6d. paper upon which any certificate issued to any person under any deputation or appointment of a gamekeeper, shall be engrofit ed, written, or printed, there shall be charged an additional stamp duty of ten Shillings and sixpence.

uties he ip And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nagement of fr more effectual levying, collecting, and paying the said du the commis ties herein before granted, the same shall be under the government, sioners for care and management of the commissioners for the time being Ramps. appointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment,

and paper, who, or the major part of them, are required and empowered to employ the necessary officers under them for that purpose, and to cause such new (lamps to be provided to denote the said several new and additional duties respectively, as shall be requisite in that behalf, or to cause, if they see occasion, one new (lamp to be provided to denote the former duties and also the duties granted by this al, and to alter or renew the same respectively from time to time, and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this afin execution, with relation to the said several duties herein before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample a manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorised to put in execution any former law concerning damped vellum, parchment, or paper.

Provisions of

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That not repealed powers, provisions, articles, clauses, penalties and forfeitures, by 26 Geo. 3. and distributions of penalties and forfeitures, and allowances for C 82. and pro present payment, and all other matters and things which in and vffions of that by an act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present tend to*tli^x" Majesty intituled An act for repealing an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An affor granting to his Majesty certain duties on certificates issued with respect to the killing of game, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and which are not repealed or altered by an amade in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majest V intituled An act for the more effectually carrying into execution the laws relating to the duties on famped vellum, parchment, and paper; and for repealing certain stamp duties on policies for insuring property in any foreign kingdom or fate from loss by fire or which, in and by the said at of the twenty sixth year of his said Majesty, or by any other act for acts of parliament now in force relating to the duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, are provided and established for raising, levying, recovering, collecting, and securing the duties thereby granted, or referred to, or any of them, and not hereby altered, shall be of full force and effect with relation to the additional and new rates and duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution for the raising, levying, recovering, collecting, and securing, the said additional and new rates and duties, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had severally and

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. r 267

respectively been hereby re enacted, with relation to the said additional and new rates and duties.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That form of con the form of conviddon set forth in the said act of the twenty-fifth inca

year aforesaid, to be used by the justice or justices of the peace toberepeaiedj before whom any offender again the said adfc shall be convicted, and the fol and the clause containing the same, shall be, and the same are lowing substi hereby repealed; and that, from and after the said sir day of Jufy, tute all convidlions to be made out by any justice or justices of the peace, upon any offence committed again the said act of the twenty-fifth year aforesaid, or of this act, shall be made out in the form, or to the effect following, mutatis mutandis, as the case shall happen to be; and every such conviction shall be good and effectual to all intents and purposes whatsoever, without #ating the case or the facts, or evidence, in any more particular manner,

(that is to say):

BE it remembered, that

(Place of conviction)

(Time of conviction)

on -

at

(Name of offender)

- A.JB.

duly convicted before me (or us) or justices) (Name of offender)

'-- -- - for that the said 

(Place of committing offence)

(Addition of offender)

of - was

The name and style of the convicting justice

Form of conviction.

Time of offence)

at

did (here state the offence again the act, according to the fact), contrary to the form of the Statute; and I

(Name of offender)

(or we) do declare and adjudge that the said    *B. -- -- hath

forfeited for his said offence the sum of to be distri

bated as the law dir efts.

Given under my hand and seal, (or our hands and fealsthe day and year sirs abovementioned.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Persons court if any person flail counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counter terfeiting feited or forged, any seal, stamp or mark, to referable any seal, guittjtof C stamp, or mark directed or allowed to be used by this act, for the felony, purpose of denoting the duties by this act granted, or hall counterfeit or referable the imorel#on of the same with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties, or flail utter, vend or sell any vellum, parchment, or paper, liable to any stamp duty by this act imposed. with such counterfeit stamp or mark thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit, or flail privately or fraudulently use any seal, stamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this act, relating to the said stamp duties by this act imposed, with intent to defraud his majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said dudes; every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and flail suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Duties to be paid into the exchequer,

after mentioned.

208 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 21. [ 179r.

Duties to be

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

paid to the a the rates and duties herein before granted, shall be paid receiver o e o r

neral of stamp rom tlrrie to me into the hands of the receiver-general for the

duties. time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper,

who shall pay the same (the necessary charges of raising the same

being deducted) into his majesty's receipt of exchequer at Westminster, at such time, and in such manner as other duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That during the continuance, and until the de

and kepta part termination of the fund herein after mentioned to be established,

from other unto which the appropriation of a part of the said rates and duties

moneys during js hereby directed, all the moneys that shall arise of the said rates trie time tierc* y 7

and duties, shall be paid into the said receipt distinctly and apart from all other branches of the public revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt of exchequer, during the time hereafter mentioned, a book or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever, and which moneys so to be paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, within the time hereafter mentioned, shall be subject and applicable to the uses and purposes following, and to no other, anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the moneys arising or to arise by the said several rates and duties by this at imposed, which shall be paid into the said

April 5, 1792, receipt, at any time or times on or before the fifth day of April to be carried one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall be carried to and made part of the fund called The Consolidated Fund; and that from and after the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, all such moneys that shall be paid into the said receipt, after the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall, together with such other rates and duties as shall be granted by any al or acta of this present session of parliament for this purpose, be a fund for the payment and discharge of the principal sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand pounds, to be raised by loans or exchequer bills, in pursuance of any at of this session of parliament, together with such interest as shall by such at be directed to be paid or made payable for the said principal sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand pounds, and shall be issued, applied, and disposed, towards the paying off and discharging the said sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand pounds, and interest to become due thereon as aforesaid, and to no other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon payment of the said principal sum of one? million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand pounds, and all interest to become due thereon, or referring at the said receipt of exchequer so much

money

Duties paid into the exchequer on or before

to the consolidated fund, and afterwards to be applied in discharge of 1, 233, 000b to be raised by exchequer bills, and interest.

After payment of the said

1, 833, 000l.

and interest, the duties to

1791anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 22$ 23* 209

money out of the said fund, to be established as aforesaid, as shall be carried ter

be sufficient to satisfy and discharge the said principal sum of one datedfan<h

million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand pounds, and all

interest as aforesaid, and publication thereof in the mariner to be

directed by any such act of this section of parliament, the said fund,

to be established as aforesaid, shall be understood to be redeemed

by parliament, and from thenceforth all the money arising from the said rates and duties hereby imposed and remaining in the said receipt, or thereafter paid into the same, shall be carried to and

made part of the said fund called The Consolidated Fund, and, shall from thenceforth be applied in such manner as other duties on

flampt vellum, parchment, or paper are directed to be applied, or

as shall hereafter be directed by any act or acts of parliament in

that behalf.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons shall or may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or General ilfiie/ their defence and if upon the trial a verdict shall pals for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs Treble cost awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXII.

An act for building a new common gaol andfession house, with accommodations thereto, for the county of Surrey, and for disposing of the present county gaol, and the ground thereto belonging.

[Public act.]

The acting justices for the county to execute the ad. Justices may purchase ground near Horsemonger Lane, in the parish of Newington, in Surrey, containing three acres and an half. Place and time of meeting of the justices. All persons enabled to sell, Witnesses may be examined on oath. A jury to assess the value of lands, and their verdict to be final. On payment of the money, the estate to be vested in the trustees. Choice of new trustees. New gaol to be built. Old gaol, in the parish of Saint George Southwark, to be pulled down, and the ground sold. For raising money for the purposes of this act. How land to be purchased shall be taxed in future. For securing a free circulation of air about the gaol. For punching persons obstructing or damaging buildings, C County rates may be mortgaged for the expenses of the ad; or money raised by annuities. Securities may be assigned. 3, 4271. to discharge interest on mortgages, and pay annuities, to be taken out of county rates. Mode of discharging mortgages. Application of the annual sum to be raised. Justices may appoint officers; and allow them salaries. All laws applicable to the purposes of this act to be extended to it. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Persons prosecuted may plead the general issue; and recover treble costs. Limitation of actions.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers of two acts made, one in the twenty second, and the other in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the harbour of Mary Port, in the county of Cumberland.

210 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 24. [1791.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor belonging to the town of Oswestry, and to certain parishes within the hundred of Oswestry, in the county of Salop, and to such part of the parish of llany mynech as lies within the said hundred; and to the parish of Chirk, in the county of Denbigh; and to the parish of Llanfilin, in the counties of Salop and Denbigh.

Guardians of the poor appointed and incorporated by the name of u The Guardians oi: the Poor of the Town and Liberties of Oswestry, in the County of Salop, and of the Poor of the several Parishes united therewith Qualification of guardians, inhabitants rated attol a year, or having a personal estate of 500l. First meeting of the guardians. Quarterly meetings. Women to vote by proxy. Guardians and directors may abt as justices. Guardians to swear to their qualifications. Guardians and directors to defray their own expenses. Directors or officers not to be concerned in any con trabt. Chairman of the first meeting to be appointed; and also 15 directors. Mayor or deputy mayor for the town of Oswestry to be a director. Parishes to make out a list of guardians, Szc. to be proposed for directors to fill up vacancies in the direction. Churchwardens and overseers required to call vestries. Directors to accept the offices within ten days. No person to be elected to the office of director within five years after his having served. Directers required to take an oath. Guardians to appoint officers: may take securities from officers, Directors to meet every Monday morning. Special arfemblies may be held. Directors may contract for cr purchase lands, buildings, C Purchase money belonging to corporations, Szc. to be laid out in purchase of other estates. Lands which shall be purchased, to be rated as heretofore. Buildings to be furnished. Directors to have the management of the poor. Part of the ground to be enclosed for a burial place. Burial ground not to be used till consecrated. Power to apprehend vagrants. Directors may send vagrants to their place of settlement. Children taken in, to be apprenticed. Children may be discharged or hired out. Power to borrow ia, ooool. and to assign the rates. Assignments may be transferred. Power to raise money by a rate upon the inhabitants. Assessments to be made upon an average to be settled by of Commissioners, John Flint, Isaac Wood, and Samuel Pritchard of shrewsbury. Churchwardens and overseers to produce the parish books. Persons who have acted as parish officers for seven years, to produce their books, and accounts. If parish officers refuse to produce their books and accounts, the rates.to be made at the discretion of the of Power to appoint new of on vacancies. Parish officers to assist in the execution of the abt. Directors may appoint constables. Charity money applied towards relief of the poor to be included in each average. Parish officers may raise money besides the sums requisite for the purposes of this abt. The directors may allow money, for occasional relief, to be retained in the hands of churchwardens. Power to sell the present workhouse in Oswestry; and any other buildings belonging to the poor. Property of the furniture, bee. veiled in directors. Punishing persons who shall steal the same; or buying or receiving the same. No business to be done by directors but at meetings. Penalty of 40s. on directors not attending meetings. If directors omit making rates, the rates fixed for the preceding year to be continued. Directors may grant certificates. Certificates now in the custody, and to be received in future by parish officers, to be delivered to the clerk. Bonds of indemnity against bastards, to be given to the directors. bylaws may be made. No bye-law to be made, altered, or repealed, uriless seven directors are present. Rewards to be given to the industrious poor. Act not to extend to the poor in any almshouse. Contra his and proceedings to be entered in a book. Inhabitants to inspect books and papers. Poor employed or born in the house of industry not thereby to gam a settlement'. aiaertaining the place of settlement of bastard children. No appeal against removals without content of the directors. Persons rated may be witnesses concerning settlement of paupers. When the profits

2 I I

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii I. FI. C 25.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

of the poor's labour shall be fumcient for their maintenance, rates to cease. Recovery and application of penalties. Appeal to the quarter sessions. Appeals not to suspend the payment of rates. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form The expenses of the at. Limitation of actions.

CAP. XXV.

An act for repealing the duties now charged on bills of exchange, pro mijfory notes, and other notes, drafts, and orders, and on receipts and for granting other duties in lieu thereof

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS, by an act made and passed in the ivoenty third

[Preamble.]

year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for 23 Geo. 3x.49, repealing an act, made in the twenty second year of his present recited, Majesty, intituled An act for charging a fiamp duty upon inland bills of exchange promissory notes, or other notes payable otherwise than upon demand; and for granting new stamp duties on bills of exchange, promissory and other notes 5 and also Ramp duties on receipts; certain stamp duties voere granted on bills of exchange, promissory notes, and other notes, drafts, and orders, and also upon receipts, or other discharges given upon the' payment of money, we your ma jejiy most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, thinking that it will be for the advantage of the public to repeal all the rates and duties granted by the said act of the twenty'third year of his present Majesty, and to grant unto your Majesty the several new rates and duties herein after mentioned, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of August and one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, all the several rates pealed and duties imposed by the said act of the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that then and from thenceforth all the powers and authorities given and granted by the said act, or by any subsequent af, relating to the said rates and duties, for the levying, raising, or accounting for the same, and all penalties and forfeitures relating thereto, shall also cease, determine, and be no longer put in execution; save and except always as to any arrears of the said several rates and duties, or either of them, which may, on the said first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties or forfeitures relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the said first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, and the several powers, provisions, and remedies, for recovering the same respectively.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, From Aug. t, from and after the said first day ol August one thousand seven hun 1791*the fl

JP3 dred lowllls stamp

and from Aug. 791, re

by

2i2 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 25. [1791.

duties to be dred and ninety one, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, viz. paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several new rates and duties following; that is to say.

For every draught payable

3d

above 5l. 5s and not ex

iituable from time to time where first iitued,

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of. paper, upon which any bill of exchange, draught, or order for the ns^eandnnotr^money on demand, shall be ingrosted, written or

above 51.5 sprinted, where the sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby,

shall amount to forty shillings, and hall not exceed five pounds and five shillings, there shall be charged a (lamp duty of threepence; and where such sum shall exceed five pounds and five shillings, and shall not exceed thirty pounds, a stamp duty of ceeding 30l. sixpence; and where such sum shall exceed thirty pounds, and shall not exceed fifty pounds, a stamp duty of nine pence; and above 30l. and where such sum shall exceed fifty pounds, and shall not exceed n0it_lxcdedlds one hundred pounds, a damp duty of one Chilling; and where above ol and ^'uc^ um exceed one hundred pounds, and shall not exceed not exceeding two hundred pounds, a damp duty of one Chilling and sixpence: iool. and not exceeding aool.  is. 6d.

and the same For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of duties to be paper, upon which any promissory note, or other note for the pay paid for notes ment of money to the bearer on demand, which may be rebearer ond^ from fcime to time after payment at the place where the

mand, and re same was first issued, in the manner herein after directed, but not otherwise, shall be ingrosted, written, or printed, where the sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount to forty billings, and shall not exceed five pounds and five shillings, there shall be charged a damp duty of threepence; and where such sum shall exceed five pounds and five shillings, and shall not exceed thirty pounds, a damp duty of sixpence; where such sum shall exceed thirty pounds, and shall not exceed fifty pounds, a damp duty of nine pence; and where such sum shall exceed fifty pounds, and shall not exceed one hundred pounds, a damp duty of one shilling; and where such sum shall exceed one hundred pounds, and shall not exceed two hundred pounds, a damp duty of one shilling and sixpence:

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which any promissory note, or other note for the payment of money to the bearer on demand, which may be reddled from time to time after any payment at the same place, or any ot^er place than where the same was fird issued in the manner other place,  herein after directed, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, where 6d. the sum expressed therein, or made payable thereby, shall amount

and above to forty shillings, and shall not exceed five pounds and five finish

5s. but not lings, there shall be charged a damp duty of sixpence; where exceeding 30. pum Qjall exceej five pounds and five shillings, and shall not _*exceed thirty pounds, a damp duty of one shilling

draught*3 C For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of payable other paper, upon which any bill of exchange, draught, or order, payable wise than up othervfife than on demand, or any promissory note, or other note

For every such note for 40s. and not above 5l. 5s. re issuable where first issued, or at any.

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 25. 213

payable otherwise than to the bearer on demand, halbe ingro/t on demand, ed, written, or printed, where the him expressed therein, or made's and payable thereby, hall amount to forty Shillings, and shall not ex ^5^ ove3o*ceed thirty pounds, thebe shall be charged a amp duty of six a'00ve 30l. and pence; and where such sum shall exceed thirty pounds, and shall not exceeding not exceed fifty pounds, a (lamp duty of nine pence; and where 50l.  9d. such sum shall exceed fifty pounds, and shall not exceed one hun above 50l. and dred pounds, a stamp duty of one hilling; and where such sum shall exceed one hundred pounds, and shall not exceed two hun a^oy'e IOQ* dred pounds, a stamp duty of one shilling and sixpence. and not expo

r every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of ceeding aool. paper upon which any bill of exchange, promissory note, or other is, 6d. note, draught, or order, payable on demand, or otherwise, shall be^n^etor^ ingrosted, written, or printed, where the sum expressed therein, more t^dn or made payable thereby, shall exceed two hundred pounds, there 300l.  as. shall be charged a stamp duty of two Shillings:

All which rates and duties shall be payable and paid by the per Dutiespayable son or persons respectively making or signing such bills of ex bythedrawer. change, promissory notes, or other notes, drafts, or orders.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be confirmed to extend, to charge any foreign bills of exchange, which shall be drawn in sets, according to the custom of merchants, with any higher rate of duty than the rate following; that

is to say, where the sum expressed in such bills, or made payable For every thereby, shall not exceed one hundred pounds, there shall be foreign hill charged a stamp duty of sixpence; where such sum shall ex not exceeding

ceed one hundred pounds, and shall not exceed two hundred I

pounds, a stamp duty of nine pence; and where such sum shall above iool. exceed two hundred pounds, a stamp duty of one shilling: pro and not ex vided that every bill of each set of such bills so drawn shall be ceedingaol.  charged, and every such bill is hereby declared to be chargeable ove

with the like duty, according to the rate abovementioned.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this acontained shall extend, or be Orders on

construed to extend, to charge any draught or order for the payment bankerswithin r, 5 j 1 1, 1CJ^10 miles of the

ot money to the bearer on demand, bearing date on or before the pace Of draw

day on which the same shall be issued, and at the place from ing, payable to which the same shall be drawn and issued, and drawn upon any bearer on debanker or bankers, or person or persons adding as a banker or bankers, and residing and transadbing the business of a banker or bankers within ten miles of the place where such draught or order shall be adhially drawn and issued.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority cojnpo aforesaid, That all notes and bills whatever, which shall be issued llllon*

by or on account of the governor and company of the bank of England, shall be freed and exempted from all and every the stamp duties herein before imposed upon the terms and conditions that the said governor and company of the bank of England shall pay, intq the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at Westminster, the full

214 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 25. [1791.

annual sum of twelve thousand pounds, by equal half yearly payments, to be made on or before the tenth day of 05iobery and the fifth day of April in every year; the first payment thereof to be made on or before the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety one; any thing.herein before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Persons draw

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ing bills, See. if any bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draught, or cu*ntnnt(? order, for the payment of any sum or sums of money.amounting answerawe & to ^orty killings or upwards, by this act intended to be stamped for the duty. as aforesaid, shall, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this abbe ingroited, written, or printed on vellum, parchment, or paper, which shall not be stamped dr marked according to the directions of this act, or which shall be stamped or marked with a (lamp or mark of a lower denomination or value than by this act is diredbed, then, and in every such case, there (half be due, answered, and paid, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the full rate of duty hereby chargeable thereon as aforesaid, and which rate or duty shall be payable by and charged upon all and every person or persons, severally and respectively, who shall draw or make, and utter and negotiate, or cause to be drawn or made and uttered and negotiated, any such bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draught or order, on such vellum, parchment or paper not stamped, or stamped with such lower duty as aforesaid, his, her, and their respective executors, administrators, and assigns.

Regulations

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no^re'issu n ca^es where any promissory note, or other note, for the payable only at*ment of money to the bearer on demand, which shall contain any the place sum not exceeding five pounds and five shillings, and shall be where first marked or stamped with a mark or stamp to denote the rate or issued, duty of threepence hereby imposed; also where any such note

which shall contain any sum exceeding five pounds and five shillings, and not exceeding thirty pounds, and shall be marked or stamped with a mark or stamp to denote the rate or duty of sixpence hereby imposed; also where any such notes which shall respectively contain any sums exceeding thirty pounds, and not exceeding two hundred pounds, and shall be marked or stamped with any the respective marks or stamps to denote the rates and duties respectively hereby imposed on the same in the manner herein before directed, shall, at any time or times, from and after the said firfb day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, be paid by the person or persons by whom the same shall have been made or signed, and first issued or negotiated, and at the place where the same were first issued or negotiated, it shall and may be lawful for the person or persons so paying the same, notwithstanding such payment thereof, at any time afterwards, and so from time to time, so often as there shall be occasion after every such payment thereof, but not otherwise, again to issue, utter, or negotiate such promissory notes, or other notes, so respectively stamped as aforesaid, in such and the like manner as the same

215

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 25.

same were respectively first issued or negotiated; and every such note so stamped as aforesaid shall be, and is hereby declared to'be, after any such payment thereof, but not otherwise, to be again issuable and negociable, from time to time, as aforesaid, in such and the like manner, and to such and the like uses, intents, and purposes, as and for which the same was first issued or negotiated; any law or statute, or any usage or custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: and every such note so stamped as last aforesaid, which, at any time or times from and after the said first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, shall be paid by any person or persons, other than the person or persons making' or signing the same, or at any place other than the place of bluing the same in pursuance of any diression, nomination or appointment for the payment thereof, contained or expressed in or upon such note, ball be taken and construed to be thereupon wholly discharged, vacated, and satisned, and shall be no longer negociable or transferable to any intent or purpose whatever, but shall be forthwith cancelled; and if any person or Penalty on re persons shall again issue, utter, or negotiate, or cause to be again hing such issued, uttered, or negotiated, any such promissory or other note, to this after any payment thereof by any person or persons other than the person or persons making or signing the same, or at any place other than the place of bluing the same, in manner Jaft mentioned; or if any person or persons named or described in such note for the payment thereof, shall, after such payment thereof in manner last mentioned, neglect or refuse to cancel the same, or cause the same to be cancelled, every such person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; and if any such note so stamped as last aforesaid shall not be cancelled, as is herein before directed, but shall be again issued, uttered, or negotiated, contrary to tiffs aff, then, and in every such case, and from time to time as often as such note shall be again issued, uttered, or negotiated, there shall be due, answered, and' paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the like rate or dut y which shall appear to have been charged thereon before the first bluing the same, or which is by this act chargeable thereon as aforesaid; and which rate or duty shall be payable by and charged on all and every person or persons severally and re speffively who shall again issue, utter, or negotiate any such note or notes, or shall cause or procure any such note or notes to be again issued, uttered, or negotiated contrary to this act, his, her, and their respective executors, administrators, and assigns.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all promissory notes, or other notes for the Notes not ex payment of money to the bearer on demand respectively, not exceeding the several sums of five pounds five Shillings, or thirty stamot^pounds, as aforesaid, which shall be respectively stamped with the be re uvued, duties of sixpence, or of one shilling hereby imposed, in the man after payment ner before direffect, shall be, and are hereby declared to be re b^ary^' issuable, and may be again issued and negotiated, by virtue of othgr ncrfon. tiffs aft, by the person or persons making or signing the same, to

such -

by

2i6 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 25.

[179r."

such and the like uses, intents, and purposes, as and for which the same respectively were first issued or negotiated, notwithstanding such notes shall have been presented to, and paid by the person or persons making or signing the same, or shall have been presented to, or paid by any other person or persons in pursuance of any such direction, nomination, or appointment as aforesaid, for the payment thereof, or other wise howsoever, and so from time to time as often as occasion shall require, notwithstanding any payment or payments thereof; any law, Statute, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Notes re iflu

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the htdbl^to evert promissory note, or other note for the payment of  ers> money to the bearer on demand, which shall be issuable or issued after such payment or payments as aforesaid, in pursuance of this act, shall be taken and construed to be by virtue thereof due and payable to, and the property of, the person or persons holding the same, notwithstanding such payment or payments as aforesaid, and such person or persons shall be possessed thereof in such manner as he, flue, or they would or might be possessed thereof, or entitled thereunto, upon or before the first issuing the same, and shall and may maintain an ablion thereupon in such manner as he, she, or they might do, and have all the like remedies in law as he, she, or they might have had upon or before the first issuing the same; any law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person or persons who, from and after the said first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, shall write or signor cause to be written or signed, or who shall accept or pay, or cause to be accepted or paid, any bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draught, or order, liable to any of the duties by this abt imposed upon any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, without the same being first duly stamped or marked with a proper stamp or mark in the manner herein prescribed, or upon which there shall not be some stamp or mark resembling the same, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered as herein after is directed.

XI. Provided always, That no person or persons shall have power, by virtue of this abt, to make any bills of exchange, promissory notes, or other notes, drafts, or orders, for the payment of any sum or sums of money, in any other manner than they might have lawfully made the same before the passing of this abt,

been done be and as if this abt had not been passed.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That; from and after the said first day of Augaji one thousand seven hupdred and ninety one, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several new rates and duties following $ that is to say.

Penalty on persons signing, See. un stamped bills, See.

No person by virtue of this act to make any bills, chut as might have lawfully

sore From Aug. r, 179 r, the following stamp duties to be paid, viz.

For

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 25. 217

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of For any re paper, upon which any receipt, discharge, or acquittance given under aol

for or upon the payment of money amounting to forty billings ______

not amounting to twenty pounds, shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, there shall be charged a stamp duty of twopence::

every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of for 20b and, paper, upon which any receipt, discharge, or acquittance, given u1jder 50b  for or upon the payment of money amounting to twenty pounds, ' and not amounting to fifty pounds, shall be ingrosted, written, or printed, there shall be charged a lamp duty of fourpence:

For every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of for 50l. or up paper, upon which any receipt, discharge, or acquittance, given warc*s> 6d. for or upon the payment of money amounting to fifty pounds or upwards, shall be ingossed, written, or printed, there shall be charged a stamp duty of sixpence.

Which last mentioned rates and duties shall be paid and payable By whom the by the person or persons by whom or on whose behalf such re duties are ceipts, discharges, or acquittances shall be required, except the payat>le. duties on such receipts, discharges, or acquittances as shall be at any time or times given upon the payment of money in respect of any salary, pension, debt, or other sum payable from his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in which case the duty shall be paid by the person or persons giving such receipts, discharges, or acquittances.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this at contained shall extend, or Exemptions be construed to extend, to any receipt or other discharge given fromtheduty. for any legacy, orfhare or part of a personal estate divided by force of the Statute of distributions, or the custom of any province or place, duly stamped according to the directions of any act or acts of parliament now in force, or to any receipt to be given by the treasurer of the navy for any money imprested to, or received by him for the service of the navy, or to the receipt of any agent for money imprested by or to him on account of the pay of the army or ordnance, or to any receipt to be given by any officer, seaman, or soldier, or their representative respectively, for or on account of any wages, pay, or pension due to them from the navy, army, or ordnance offices respectively, nor to any receipt to be given for the consideration of the purchase of any hare in any public flock or fund, or in the flocks of the corporations of the Bank of England, East India company, or South Sea company, or for the dividends paid or payable on such shares of the said flocks, nor to any receipt given for money deposited in the banks of England or Scotland., or in the house of any banker or bankers, nor to any receipt, discharge, or acquittance written on the back of any bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note duly stamped according to the directions of this act, or on the back of any foreign bill of exchange payable in Great Britain; nor to any release or acquittance by deed duly stamped according to the directions of any

2 I 8

Further

exemptions

The full sum

tobeexpressed in receipts; and any note, C given upon the payment of money, to be liable to duty.

Receipts, C in full, liable to a duty of Sd.

law now in force; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, orb construed to extend, to any receipt, discharge, or acquittance, to be given upon any bill or note of the governor and company of the bank of England, or to any letter acknowledging the fate arrival of any bills, notes, or other securities for money, or to any receipt, discharge, or acquittance endorsed on or contained in the body of any deed, bond, mortgage, or other instrument acknowledging the payment or repayment of any part of any principal sum, or any interest thereupon, lent, paid, or secured in, by, or upon such deed, bond, mortgage, or other instrument duly stamped according to the directions of former acts; nor to any receipt, discharge, or acquittance given, or required to be given, for any money payable by law to any merchants for drawbacks or bounties upon the exportation of any goods or merchandises from this kingdom; nor to any certificates of overentry of any duties of customs; thing in this act, or any other act or acts of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the full and just sum of money for which any receipt, discharge, or acquittance shall be given, and the true date thereof, shall be bona fide respectively inferred therein; and that all notes, memoranda, or writings whatever, given to any person or persons for or upon the payment of money amounting to forty shillings or upwards, whereby any sum of money shall be acknowledged to have been paid, settled, received, accounted for, discharged, released, or in any manner satisfied, or which shall in any manner signify or denote such acknowledgement as aforesaid, and whether the same shall or shall not be signed by or with the name or names of the person or persons by or on whose behalf the same shall be given, shall be respectively taken and construed to be receipts within the true intent and meaning of this act, and shall be liable to the respective duties imposed thereon.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every receipt, discharge, or acquittance, note, memorandum, or writing whatever, given to any person or persons for or upon the payment of money which shall contain or express, or in any manner signify or denote, any general acknowledgement of any debt, claim, account, or demand, or all or any debts, claims, accounts, or demands being paid, settled, received, accounted for, balaneed, discharged, released, or satisfied, or whereby any sum of money therein mentioned shall be acknowledged to be in full or in discharge or satisfaction of all or any such debts, claims, accounts, or demands, or intended so to be, and whether the same shall or hall not be signed by or with the name or names of the person or persons by or on whose behalf the same shall be given, shall be deemed and taken to be a receipt for the sum of fifty pounds and upwards within the true intent and meaning of this act, and shall be liable to the stamp duty of sixpence by this act imposed thereon 1

On; and no such receipt, discharge, or acquittance, note, memorandum, or writing, shall be pleaded or given in evidence in any court, or admitted in any court, to be useful or available in law or equity as an acknowledgement of any debts, claims, accounts, or demands being paid, settled, received, accounted for, balaneed, discharged, released, or satisfied, whether generally or otherwise, or for any other or greater Aim of money than the sum of money therein expressed, unless the same shall be tamped with the proper stamp to denote the said duty of sixpence hereby irn posed; anything in such receipt, discharge, acquittance, note, memorandum, or writing expressed notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person or persons who, from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, shall write or Agn, or cause to be written or Agned, or who shall accept, or cause to be accepted, any receipt, discharge, or acquittance, given for or upon the payment of money liable to any Acamp duty charged by this at upon any piece of vellum, parchment, or paper, without the same being first duly stamped or marked with a proper stamp or mark as herein is directed, or upon which there shall not be some stamp or mark refembiing the same, shall forfeit and pay the sum of forty billings, in case the sum paid or contained in such receipt, discharge, or acquittance, shall not amount to the sum of twenty pounds; the sum of five pounds, in case such sum shall amount to twenty pounds, and shall not amount to fifty pounds; and the sum of ten pounds in case such sum shall amount to fifty pounds, or upwards; and all and every person or persons who shall give or accept any receipt, discharge, or acquittance, or any note, memorandum, or writing, acknowledging the payment of money, in which a less sum shall be exprelted than the sum actually paid or received, or on which there shall be a stamp or mark of lower denomination or value than is hereby charged in respect thereof, or who shall separate or divide the sum actually paid or received into diverse Aims, with intent to evade the said duties, or any of them, or who shall be guilty of, or concerned in, any fraudulent contrivance or device whatsoever, with intent or design to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or luccef fors, of any of the said duties by this al imposed, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered in manner as herein after is directed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, for the better and more effectually levying and collecting all the said duties herein before granted, the same shall be under the care and management of the commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, for which purpose they, or the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ such officers under them, and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as may be necessary, and to use and provide such (lamps to denote the said several duties as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to alter or renew the same in such manner as any other

a (lamps

219

Nounftamped receipt, See. available in law.

Penalty on persons signing, C receipts un stamped, C

Duties to be under the management of the commissioners for it amps.

20

Vellum, Sec. to be stamped before written upon, See.

Receipts, Sec. not stamped maybe stamp CD within the times herein prefer i bed, upon payment of the sums herein mentioned;

Ramps on vellum, parchment, or papery are by any former law relating to Ramped vellum, parchment, or paper, directed to be altered or renewed; and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this al into execution with relation to the said duties, in the like, and in as full and ample a manner as they or the major part of them, are authorised to put in execution any former law concerning Ramped vellum, parchment, and paper.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all vellum, parchment, and paper, liable to any lamp duty by this a eft, shall, before any of the matters or things hereby charged shall be ingrossed, printed, or written thereupon, be brought to the head office for {lamping or marking vellum, parchment, or paper; and the said of by themselves, or by their officers employed under them, shall and may, from time to time, lamp and mark as this al directs, any quantities or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper, before any of the matters or things hereby charged shall be ingrossed, printed, or written thereupon, upon payment of the several duties payable for the same by virtue of this at; and no bill of exchange, pro miflory note, or other note, draught, or order, nor any receipt, discharge, acquittance, note, memorandum, or writing aforesaid, liable to the duties by this al imposed, or any of them, shall be pleaded or given in evidence in any court, or admitted in any court to be good, useful, or available in law or equity, unless the vellum, parchment, or paper, on which such bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draught, or order, receipt, discharge, acquittance, note, memorandum, or writing as aforesaid, shall be ingrossed, printed, written or made, shall be {lamped or marked with a lawful lamp or mark, to denote the rate or duty as by this act is directed, or some higher rate or duty in this at contained; and it shall not be lawful for the said of, or their officers, to Ramp or mark any vellum, parchment, or paper, with any lamp or mark directed to be used or provided by virtue of this at, at any time after any bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draught, or order, or any receipt, discharge, or acquittance, except as herein is other wise provided, shall be ingroiled, written, or printed thereon, under any pretence whatever; anything in this al contained, or any law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every receipt, discharge, or acquittance, given upon the payment of money, and written on vellum, parchment, or paper, not {lamped as aforesaid, which shall be brought to the said of, or their officers employed by them for that purpose, to be Ramped according to the directions of this act, within the pace of fourteen days after such receipt, discharge, or acquittance shall be given, or shall bear date, shall and may be permitted to be Ramped, on payment of the sum of forty billings, over and above the duty payable for the same by virtue of this al; and every such receipt, discharge, or acquittance, which shall be brought to be Ramped as aforesaid, after the expiration

221

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 25.

of such fourteen days, and within one calendar month after such receipt, discharge, or acquittance shall be given, or shall bear date, shall and may be permitted to be stamped, on payment of the sum of five pounds, over and above the duty payable for the same, by virtue of this acts, and the proper officer or officers are hereby enjoined and required upon such receipt, discharge, or acquittance, being brought to them, within the respective times herein before limited, and upon payment of the duty, and the respective sums aforesaid, but not otherwise, to mark or stamp such receipt, discharge, or acquittance, with the proper mark or (lamp by this act required for the same.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be con and in that firued to extend, to subject any person or persons to any penalty liable

or forfeiture in respect of any receipt, discharge, or acquittance toanype accepted, or caused to be accepted by him or them, on vellum, nalty. parchment, or paper not stamped, in case such receipt, discharge,

or acquittance shall be brought to the said of or their officers employed under them to be stamped as by this act is directed; and the duties payable for the same, together with such penalty as by this act is directed, shall be paid into the hands of such officer or officers within the times herein before respectively mentioned, nor to subject any such person or persons to any such penalty or forfeiture in respect of such receipt, discharge, or acquittance, so accepted by him or them as aforesaid, until the expiration of such calendar month after such receipt, discharge, or acquittance shall be given, or shall bear date as aforesaid.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no officer or other person shall be fub commission jedt to any penalties, forfeitures, disabilities, or incapacities in ers of (lamps this or any former act mentioned for writing or accepting any 'ori C receipts, discharges, or acquittances by this act charged as afore books to be said, given to him or them in respect of any public office or em used in pub ployment, on any book or books belonging to any public office, lick offices, or the office of any corporation or company, or in any court of ?ceidts

law or equity in Great Britain, without any marks or stamps thereon, which shall have been first shewn to, and signed by the of of stamps for the time being appointed to put this act in execution, or any three of them, or some officer or officers by them, or the major part of them, for that purpose authorised and empowered tofignifyhis or their approbation or consent, (and which the said of, or any three or more of them, may allow or refuse at their discretion in all cases), that the receipts, discharges, or acquittances, to be written on such book or books, may be therein written without any marks or stamps thereon, so as the person or persons having the custody of such book or books, do, from time to time (when and as often as he or they shall be thereto required), permit the said of, or any of them, or any officer or agent by them, or the major part of them, for that purpose appointed, to inspect and view such book and books, and do also ( from time to time when and as often as

he

Vellum, See. stamped under s3geo.3 c. 49. may within 30 days after Aug. 1, 1791, be exchanged at the stamp office.

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 25.

[1-79-1.

he or they shall he thereto required by the Paid of, or the major part of them, or any Other by them, or the major part of them, authorised) pay unto the receiver-general for the time being of the said duties, all such sum and films of money which,

according to the true intent and meaning of this act, ought to be paid in respect of such receipts, discharges, and acquittances, as aforesaid, as Hiall be written in such book or books, anything herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any persons who shall, on the said sir ft day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, have in their custody or possession any vellum, parchment, or paper, marked with any stamp or mark under the said recited act of the twenty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, and upon wffiich none of the matters or things, by the said recited act charged, shall be ingrosted, printed, or written, at any time within the space of thirty days after the said first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, to bring or send such vellum, parchment, or paper, to the said of at their head office, who, or their officers under them, are hereby required to exchange the same for stamps of the like value imprefied with marks or stamps to be provided under this act, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly, for the same any sum of money, or other consideration whatever 5 and all vellum, parchment, and paper stamped or marked under the said recited act of the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, which shall not be brought or delivered unto the said of or officers aforesaid, shall be and is hereby declared to be of no other effect or use than if the same had not been stamped; the matters and things which shall, after the said hr ft day of Augajl one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, be ingrosted, printed, or written thereon, shall be of no other effect than if the Tame matters and things had been ingrosted, printed, or written on undamped vellum, parchment, or paper; and all persons who shall write or sign any bill of exchange, protniftory note, or other note, draught, or order, receipt, discharge, or acquittance on such vellum, parchment, or paper, after the said first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, stall be liable to the penalties hereby inflicted on persons writing on vellum, parchment, or paper not stamped.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, How penalties That one moiety of all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures hereby vided* and re m.p. shall (if sued for within the space of three calendar covered. months from the time of any such penalty or forfeiture being incurred) be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs of suit, to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same within the time aforesaid; and which fth.all and may be sued for in any of his majesty's courts at Westminster, for offences committed in England, and in his majesty's court of exchequer at Edinburgh, for offences committed in Scotland., by action of debt, bill, plaint; or information,

wherein

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 25. 223

wherein no essoin, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, hall be allowed.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justices may justice of the peace, residing near the place where the offence determine of shall be committed, to hear and determine any offence against this at which subjects the offender to any pecuniary penalty; parties to pe which said justice of the peace is hereby authorised and required, cuniary penaj upon any information exhibited, or complaint made in that be half, within three calendar months after the offence committed, to summon the party accused; and also the witnesses on either side, and to examine into the matter of fads, and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture as in and by this af is directed to be divided, one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety thereof to the informer or informers; and to award and issue out his warrant under his hand and leal, for the levying the said penalty so adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any); and where the goods of such offender cannot be found fumcient to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, there to remain for the space of three calendar months, unless such pecuniary penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; if any person or persons shall find Perron's ag himself or themselves aggrieved by the judgement of any such juf grieved may tice, then he or they shall and may, upon giving security to the a^c?r fef C amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, together with fjons, such costs as shall be awarded in case such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace, at the next general or quarter sessions for the county, riding, or place, which shall happen after fourteen days next after such conviction shall have been made, and of which appeal reasonable notice shall be given, who are hereby empowered to summoiv and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the lame; and in case the judgement of such justice shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons appealing, to pay such costs occasioned by such appeal as to them shall seem meet.

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be law Penalties may full to and for the said justice, where he shall see cause, to miti be mitigated, gate and lessen any such penalties as he shall think fit, (reasonable

costs and charges of the officers and informers, as well in making the discovery, as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such mitigation), and so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than a moiety of the penalties in'over and above the said costs and charges; anything contained in this act, or any other act of parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per Witnesses not fons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses, to give evidence attending, C

CL be to forfeit, 40s.

within the LI noted time, recoverable nly as is herein mentioned.

224 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 25. [1791.

before such justice or justices, touching any of the matters relative to this act, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, his o, r her reasonable excuse for such neglect or refusal to be allowed of by such justice or justices of the peace, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on oath, and give evidence before whom the prosecution shall be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of forty shillings, to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such means, as is herein directed as to other penalties.

Penalties not

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, prosecuted for in default of prosecution. within the time herein before limited, no such penalty or forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable, except in the name of his majesty's attorney general in England, or advocate in Scotland, by information in the respective courts aforesaid, in which case the whole of such penalty or forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and that all penalties and forfeitures, and shares of penalties and forfeitures, incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall be paid into the hands of the receiver-general of his majesty's stamp duties for the time being; and that in all cases where the whole of such pecuniary penalties or forfeitures shall be recovered to the use of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, it shall be lawful for the said of to cause such reward as they shall think fit, not exceeding one moiety of such penalties or forfeitures so recovered, after deducting all charges and expenses incurred in recovering the same, to be paid thereout, to or amongst any person or persons who shall appear to them in titled thereto as informers, in respect of such penalties or forfeitures so recovered; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons coun if any person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be

er ei ing counterfeited or forged, any stamp or mark, directed or allowed to be used or provided, made or used in pursuance of this act for the purpose of denoting any of the duties by this act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, with intention to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties, or shall utter, vend, fell, or expose to sale, any vellum, parchment, or paper, liable to the said duties, with such counterfeit mark or impression thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or shall privately or fraudulently use any stamp or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties, every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall fufter death as in cases of felony without benefit of clergy.

ref edtin th

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, presentduties, That all powers, provisions, artides, clauses, allowances on pre to extend to'sent payment of the duties, and all other matters and things pre this act. scribed or appointed by any former act or acts of parliament relating

stamps, C guilty of felony.

All powers

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 25. 225

lating to the stamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, (and not hereby altered), shall be of full force and effedf, with relation to the duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing, the said duties hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this at, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby reenacted with relation to the said duties hereby imposed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the said duties herein before granted, and all arrears of Duties to be the rates and duties hereby repealed, shall be paid from time to paid to the time into the hands of the receiver-general for the time being of ^atof stamo the duties.on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall duties, and by pay the same (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for him paid into the same being deducted) into his majesty's receipt of exchequer at the exche Westminster, at such time and in such manner as other duties on (luer stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That until the payment of the sum of one Till payment million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand pounds, and in ^dintirefta's terest thereupon, in the manner herein after mentioned, all the herein after moneys that, shall arise of the said rates and duties, and arrears as mentioned, aforesaid, shall be paid into the said receipt, distinctly and apart duties paid from all other branches of the public revenues; and that there to the ex shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said be^pt fepa  receipt of exchequer, during the time herein after mentioned, a rate from book or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said rates other moneys, and duties, and arrears as aforesaid, and paid into the said receipt,

shall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever; and which moneys, so to be paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, within the time herein after mentioned, shall be fub jecb and applicable to the uses and purposes following, and no other.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the moneys arising, or to arise, by the said several rates Duties paid and duties by this imposed, or from arrears of the rates and into the ex 'duties hereby repealed, which shall be paid into the said receipt, chequer, on or at any time or times, on or before the fifth day of April one thou 5*

sand seven hundred and ninety-two, shall be carried to, and made carried to the part of, the fund called The Consolidated Fund; and that from and consolidated after the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and funcb ninety-two, out of the moneys that shall be paid into the said re and afterwards /ceipt. of the said rates and duties hereby imposed, or arrears as of\*jbe aj>c- aforesaid, after the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hun plied quarter d.red and ninetyrtwo, the sum of thirty-two thousand one hundred ly to that and fifty pounds, being one fourth part of the sum of one hundred funcb and twenty-eight thousand six hundred pqunds, the annual average produce for three years, ending the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, of the respective rates and duties hereby repealed, shall quarterly, on the fifth day of

0.2 '

and the remainder applied towards discharging 1, 833, 000]. to be raised by exchequer bills, and interest.

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 25. [1791.

July, the tenth day of October, the fifth day of January, and the fifth day of April, in every year, during the time aforesaid, be carried to, and made part of, the said fund called The Consolidated Fund \ and that after setting apart, at the said receipt of exchequer, at the end of each such quarter, the sum of thirty-two thousand one hundred and fifty pounds, the remainder of the duties granted by this add, and arrears as aforesaid, hall, together with such other rates and duties as shall be granted by any add or adds of this present session of parliament for' this purpose, be a fund for the payment and discharge of the principal sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand pounds, to be raised by loans or exchequer bills, in pursuance of any add of this session of parliament, together with such interest as hall, by such add, be di redded to be paid or made payable for the said principal sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand pounds, and shall be issued, applied, and disposed towards the paying off and discharging the said principal sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand pounds, and interest to become due thereon as aforesaid, and to no other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. After payment That, upon payment of the said principal sum of one million

'J eight hundred and thirty-three thousand pounds, and all interest

to become due thereon, or reserving at the said receipt of exchequer so much money, out of the said fund to be established as aforesaid, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and discharge the said principal sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand pounds, and all interest as aforesaid, and publication thereof in the manner to be directed by any such add of this session of parliament, then and from thenceforth all the money arising from the said rates and duties hereby imposed, and remaining in the said receipt, or thereafter paid into the same, shall be carried to and made part of the said fund called The Consolidated Fund, and shall from thenceforth be applied in such manner as other duties on stamped vellum, parchment, or paper are directed to be applied, or as shall hereafter be directed by any add or adds of parliament in that behalf,

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this add, or of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons shall or may plead

[General issue.]

the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if, Upon the trial, a verdidd shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become non treble colds, suited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him gr them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

of the said 1, 833, 000b and interest, the duties to be carried to the consolidated fund.

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 26. 227

CAP. XXVI.

An act to allow the importation offeal[kins cured with foreign salt free of duty, for a limited time.

WHEREAS by an act, made and passed in the twenty sixth year

[Preamble.]

of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for the a6geo.3.c, 50. encouragement of the southern whale fishery, y/tvvzj of seals taken and recited. caught in any part of the ocean by the crews of such Ships or vessels as in the said act are mentioned, are allowed upon importation to be admitted to entry, and landed without payment of any custom or duty whatsoever: and it being expedient to extend the provisigns of the said act to skins of seals cured with foreign salt laden on board at sea for that purpose be it therefore enacted by the king's most exxellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fourteenth From June 14, day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, the LI iff*'the1', berty granted by the said act to import skins of seals taken and to import seal caught in any part of the ocean by the crew of any ship or vessel skins, to ex built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, tend to such or Many wholly owned by his majesty's subjects'usually redding therein respectively, and navigated in the manner in the said act foreign salt directed, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to all such skins laden from the of seals so taken and caught, as shall be cured or preserved with Cape de Verd foreign salt, laden on board such ships or vessels at sea from the ffiands>

Cape de Verd islands, or other islands or places adjacent, and which shall not be imported with more salt or brine than shall be necessary for the preservation thereof, and any quantity of foreign salt not made in any part of Great Britain or Ireland, which shall be necessary for curing or preserving the skins of seals so caught and taken, shall be allowed to be taken and laden on board such ships or vessels at sea, from the said islands and places respectively, for the purposes of this act, any law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority upon con. aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be ul*

construed to extend, to give liberty of importing any such seal ^son^herefn skins duty free, unless the captain or person having the charge or prescribed. command of such ship or vessel importing the same, shall make oath, before the collector or other principal officer of the duties on salt at the port of importation, who is hereby authorised to administer such oath, that all the skins of seals to be imported were taken and caught under the restrictions and regulations contained in the said act for the encouragement of the southern whale fishery, and that all the salt used in the curing or preserving the skins of seals so imported, was taken and laden on board such ship or vessel at sea from some of the Cape de Verd islands, or from some island or place adjacent thereto for that purpose, and that to the best of his belief such salt was foreign lait, and not made in, or exported from Great Britain or Ireland, and that no drawback or allowance,

22s Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 27. [1791.

or debenture for the same, hath been obtained or required; and such skins of seals hall also be duly entered at the customhouse of the said port, and landed in the presence of the proper officer or officers of the customs, and of the duties on salt, to be appointed for that purpose; and that all the salt which shall fall off, and not adhere to such skins of seals, and all the brine or other liquor wherein the same shall be cured or preserved, which hall not be necessary for the immediate preservation thereof, shall be taken from the said skins of leals, and shall, in the presence of the said officer or officers, be caff and thrown away or other wise destroyed 5 and on failure of any of these conditions, such skins of seals, cured or preserved with foreign salt as aforesaid, shall be liable to pay the same duties as they would h&ve been subject and liable to if this at had not been made, anything in this acct, or any former actor adds of parliament, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

otthisua?ce And be it further enacted, That this a: shall continue in

o 11s ac. force from the fourteenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, until the end of the next session of parliament.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for repealing certain duties of excise upon tanned goat J, 'kins and sheep skins, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and also certain duties of customs on tanned goat skins imported.

[Preamble.]

s7geo.3 c. 13. fecifed.

From July 5, 1791, the excite duties, imposed by the recited act.

WHEREAS by an act, made and passed in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituled An act for repealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof; and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the public revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce and manufacture of the European dominions of the Freyich king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt,) certain duties of excise are imposed for goat sins tanned with shomack or otherwise, in Great Britain, to resemble Spanish leather, and for sheepskins tanned for roans (being after the nature of Spanish leather) in Great Britain: we, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, thinking it expedient to repeal the said duties, and to grant other duties in Ijeu thereof; and to grant the additional duty of customs herein after mentioned on tanned goat skins imported, do most humbly fiefeech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted Ipy the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and Consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, the said duties of excise imposed by the said at of the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; save

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 27. 229

and except in all cases relating to the recovering or paying any on tanned arrears thereof which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any a^ng fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures relating repealed;thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the fifth dayo( July one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, and the fol from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and Qn tanned paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon all goat skins tanned goat skins which shall be imported into Great Britain, an imported, an additional duty of customs of fifteen shillings the dozen, and foin ad proportion for any greater or less number of such tanned goat J ^skins, to be paid in ready money, without any discount whatever, Zen. by the importers of such skins before the landing thereof; and that there shall be also raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon all goat skins tanned with fhomack, or otherwise, in Great Britain, to resemble spanijjy leather, and for and upon all sheep skins tanned for roans (being after the nature of Spanish leather) in Great Britain, to be paid by the tanners thereof respectively, the following duties of excise; that is to say,

For every dozen of goat skins tanned with fhomack or otherwise, in Great Britain, to resemble Spanish leather, and foin proportion for any greater or less number of such goat skins, four shillings:

And for every dozen of sheep skins tanned for roans (being after the nature of Spanish leather) in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or less number of such sheep skins, two shillings and threepence.

On goat fid ns tanned with fhomack in Great Britain, 4s. a dozen;

and on sheep lkins tanned for roans, as. 3d.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, A drawback from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hun dat^"of

dred and ninety one, there shall be allowed for and upon all tanned ^ustoms^o be goat skins, on which the additional duty of customs by this at allowed on imposed shall have been paid, and which shall be exported as mer exportation, chandise to foreign parts, a drawback of the said additional duty; which said drawback shall be allowed and paid by the commissioners of the customs in England and Scotland respectively, in such manner, and at such times, and under such rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions, as the drawbacks of the duties of customs are now allowed and paid on the exportation of goat skins of ire land undressed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Tanned goat all tanned goat skins which may have been imported into thisk*ns import kingdom since the first day of June one thousand seven hundred^17^1, but and ninety one, but of which entries have not been made, shall not entered, be subject and liable to the additional duty of customs imposed by liable to the this act, and shall be allowed the like drawbacks upon the expor additional tation thereof from this kingdom, in like manner as if the same du

0.4 had

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 27. [1791.

had been imported after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety one. iacar.i. c. 24) V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That to^his: rd anc every t, Qe powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, which in and by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for taking away the court of guards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights service, and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his majesty's revenue of excise, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or appertaining the duties thereby granted, or any of them, in such cases for which other provisions are made and prescribed by this act, hall be practised, used, and put in execution in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the duties by this act imposed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and reenacted in this present act.

Duties of ex

VI. And be further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That fe ofeh to be the ^ut^es of excise by this act imposed hall, from time to time, raised, as is he raised, received, levied, recovered, and secured, by such ways provided by and means, and under such management, and under such penally act in ties and forfeitures, and with such power of adjudging and miti ins Sating Penalties and forfeitures, and with such other powers, and tanned in subject to such rules and directions, and in such methods, manner.Great Britain, and form, as by any act or acts of parliament, (as the case may require) in force at the commencement of this act, for or in respect of goat skins tanned with fhomack or otherwise, in Great Britain, to resemble Spanif leather, and sheep skins tanned for roans (being after the nature of Spanish leather), in Great Britain, is directed and prescribed; and that the said act and acts, and all the clauses, penalties, forfeitures, powers, authorities, rules, directions, matters, and things therein contained, for the raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing or paying the said duties respectively, are and shall be continued, practised, and put in execution, for raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, and paying the respective duties of excise by this act imposed, as fully 2nd effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were particularly repeated and reenacted in this act.

Duties to be

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That con^okdated6 t^le money ar^ing by the duties by this act imposed, the necef fund. fary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted, hall

from time to time be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at Westminster, and the money so paid into the said receipt of the exchequer as aforesaid shall be carried to and made part of the fund called The Consolidated Fund.

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 28, 29. 231

CAP. XXVIII.

An act to enable his Majesty to make compensation to the officers of the late ivine licence office, for the loss oj their offices.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign

[Preamble.]

of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the duad: 30 Geo. 3. ties upon licences for retailing vine and sweets, and upon licences C 38. recited, for retailing distilled spirituous liquors, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof, the power of granting licences for retailing wine, and the management thereof were transferred from the commissioners of stamps, to the commissioners of excise: and whereas several officers employed in the collection and management of the revenue arising from such licences, whilst the fane were under the management of the said, of stamps, were by the said transfer deprived of their employments, and the salaries and emoluments arising therefrom, and it is expedient that some compensation Should be made to such officers for the loss of such their salaries andemoluments; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and fuc Majesty cessors, by warrant under his or their sign manual, to direct, the^commis during pleasure, the commissioners of excise to pay to such offi fionersofex cers respectively, out of the revenue of excise, such yearly allow "cife to make ances as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall judge fit, so yearly allow as no allowance to any such officer shall exceed the yearly amount q^ers CC of the salary and emoluments of which he has been so deprived, deprived of and so as the whole of such allowances do not exceed the yearly their employ sum of eight hundred pounds. ments by the

0 recited act

CAP. XXIX.

An CII for establishing a court of civil jurisdiction in the if and of Newfoundlander a limited time.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the fifteenth year of his pre

[Preamble.]

sent Majests reign, intituled An act for the encourage i5geo.3.c3l. ment of the fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British dominions in Europe, and for securing the return of the fishermen, sailors, and others employed in the said fisheries, to the ports thereof, at the end of the fishing season, it ivas, amongst other things, enacted, Tfhat all disputes which Should arise concerning the wages of every and any such seaman or fisherman, and all offences which Should be committed by every hirer or employer of fuel? seaman or fisher man against that act, Should and might be inquired of, heard, and determined and the penalties and forfeitures thereby incurred Should and might be recovered in the court of session in the said act mentioned, or in the court of vice admiralty having jurisdiction in the island Newfoundland; and whereas, by another afi, passed in the twentysixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act and 26 Geo. 3. to amend and render more effectual the present laws now in force C recited.

for

2j2

His Majesty may constitute a court of civil jurisdiction at Newfoundland, C

The manner in which the court is to proceed

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 29, [1791.

for encouraging the fisheries carried on at Newfoundland and parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British dominions in Europe; and for granting bounties, for a limited time, on certain terms and conditions; so much of the said sirs mentioned asl, as gives any jurisdiction to the court of vice admiralty for the said if and of Newfoundland, with respesi to inquiring, hearing, and determining disputes concerning the wages of any seaman or fisherman, or any offence committed by any hirer or employer of such seaman or fisherman, or any controversies or differences arising from their contrasts or agreements, Should be, and the same was thereby repealed: and whereas the provifmis made by the said jhf mentioned ast, for the administration of justice in civil cases, are infufscient, and it is highly expedient that a court of civil jurisdiction, having cognizance of all picas of debt, account, contrasts respesiing personal property, and all trespasses against the person, goods, or chattels, Should be efiablshed in the said if and Newfoundland, for a limited time; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, by his commission under the great seal, to institute a court of civil jurisdiction, with full power and authority to hear and determine, in a summary way, all pleas of debt, account, contracts respecting personal property, and all trespasses committed against the person or goods and chattels in the island of Newfoundland, and islands and parts adjacent, or on the banks of the said island of newfound land which court shall consist of a chief judge, to be appointed by his Majesty, and two assessors, to be appointed by the governor of the said island, from time to time; which chief judge, together with any one of such assessors, shall have full power and authority to hear and determine all pleas by this act cognizable by the said court of civil jurisdiction; and shall have such clerks, and other ministerial officers, as the chief judge shall think proper to appoint; and that such salaries shall be paid to the chief judge aforesaid, as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall approve and direcft; and such salaries be paid to the assessors, and to the clerks, and ministerial officers aforesaid, as shall be approved by the said chief judge, with the consent of the governor of the island of new foundland; which several salaries shall respectively be in lieu of all other profits and emoluments whatever; and such court shall be a court of record, and shall have all such powers as by the law of England are incident and belonging to a court of record; anything in the said first mentioned act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said court shall proceed by complaint in writing, and by summons of the defendant, in all cases where the complaint is for a sum under five pounds; and by arrest of the defendant, and attachment of his goods and debts, or of his effedfs in the hands of any other person, where the complaint is for more than the sum of five pounds; and such court shall have power and authority to pass judgement, and give costs,

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30, 233

in such pleas, and award execution, either by levy and sale of the goods and chattels, of arreflf of the person of the plaintiff or defendant, and also of the goods debts, and effects of the defendant so attached.

III. Provided always, That in all pleas, where the sum for which judgement shall be given shall amount to more than one hundred pounds, it shall be lawful for the plaintiff or defendant, as the case may be, to appeal to his Majesty in council, and upon notice of such appeal being signified to the chief judge of such court, within fourteen days after such judgement passed, and security given, to the satisfaction of the said chief judge, for prosecuting such appeal, the execution of such judgement shall be stayed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That during the time the governor of the said island shall continue to be resident in the said island, or parts adjacent, no disputes which shall arise concerning the wages of any seaman or fisherman shall be heard and determined in the court of session mentioned in the said first mentioned at, but only in the court of civil jurisdiction which shall be instituted by virtue of this act.

V. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to prevent the court of session aforesaid from hearing and determining such disputes as aforesaid, when the governor shall npt be resident in the said island, or parts adjacent.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no suit shall be commenced in the said court of civil jurisdiction where the cause of action shall have arisen more than two years before such commencement, nor shall be heard and determined in the said court of civil jurisdiction, except during the residence of the governor within the limits of his government; and that this at shall commence from the tenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, and shall have continuance for one year, and unto the end of the then next session of parliament.

An appeal to his Majesty in council may be made, where judgement is given for more than iool.

While the governor is resident, disputes concerning seamens wages to be heard only in the court of civil jurisdiction; when he is not resident, they may be heard in the court of session. Limitation of actions.

Continuance of ad.

CAP. XXX.

An act for regulating the importation and exportation of corn, and the payment of the duty on foreign corn imported and of the bounty on British corn exported.

WHEREAS the laws now in force for regulating the import a Preamble tien and exportation of corny and the payment of the duty on foreign corn imported, and of the bounty gra?ited on British corn exported', require amendment \ and it is expedient that certain parts of the said laws Should be continued, and new provisons made, and that the same Should be comprised in one act of parliament: and whereas it is necessary, for these purposes, that certain acts, and parts of acts now n forcey j})ould be repealed: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present From the parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, commence from and after the respective times when the several regulations ment of the

C regulations or

or this act,

234 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1791.

of this act shall commence and take effect as herein after directed, an act passed in the first year of the reign of his majesty King 1 Jac. % C 19. James the Second, intituled An additional act for the improvement of tillage \ and also an act passed in the first year of the reign of 1 Gul. etmar. their late majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled An C Iz* act for the encouraging the exportation of corn; and also an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the 5 Geo. 2. C iz. Second, intituled An act for amending and making more effectual an act, made in the first year of the reign of Ring James the Second, intituled, CC An additional act for the improvement of tillageand also an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his present ma iogeo.3. c. 39. jesty, intituled An act for registering the prices at which corn is sold in the several counties of Great Britain, and the quantity exported and imported; and also an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign i3geo.3. c. 43. of his present Majesty, intituled An act to regulate the importation and exportation of corn; and also an act passed in the twenty first axgeo.3. c. 5o. year Gf the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for further regulating and ascertainiyig the importation and exportation of corn and grain, within several ports and places therein mentioned\ and also an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his pre and 29 Geo. 3. sent Majesty, intituled An act for better regulating and ascertaining re e^aled*the importation and exportation of corn and grain; and also for better 1 "*regulating the exportation of Jlarch, and the importation of rape seed,

as also every bal^the same are hereby repealed; and that all and every anyvothera(5t provi^lon m any other act contained for regulating the importa for regulating tien from foreign parts, of wheat, rye, barley, peas, beans, oats, the importa beer or bigg, Indian corn or maise, whether ground or unground, tien and of malt, bread, or biscuit, made of any of the said sorts of

wheat corn, and for the payment of the duty thereon, and also all and every provision in any other act contained, for regulating the ex

r^late^the^ Portation any t^le forts corn or other articles as afore making of said, ant fr Payment of the bounty thereon, except so far as the malt for ex same relate to the making of malt for exportation, or to the exportation, and portation thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed. t^c^e4af

II. And whereas it will be for the benefit of the people of this kings*that the circulation and trade of corn within the realm Should be So much of free from all improper restraint3 be it further enacted, That so much 15 Car. 2. C 7. of an act passed in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late ma the^bu^in^of ^ng Charles the Second, intituled An act for the encourage corn to fel ment f tra^e^ as prohibits the buying of corn to sell again, and the again, and the laying it up in granaries, when the several sorts of corn are above laying it up in certain prices therein mentioned, shall be, and the same is hereby granaries, re repea]ed; and that it shall from henceforth be lawful to buy the several sorts of corn to sell again, and to lay it up in granaries,

whatever the price thereof may be.

III. And, for the encouragement of tillage within the realm, be it From Nov, further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after 1791, when^fifteenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and britifttwheat? ninety one, whenever the prices of middling British wheat, rye, e. shall be barley, bigg, beer, or oats, shall respectively appear, according to under the the methods directed by this act for ascertaining the prices of corn,

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. 235

to be under the prices specified in the following table, marked A pnces speci there shall be allowed and paid, on wheat, rye, barley, beer, bigg, the boun or oats, ground or unground, being of the growth or product of tl e's therein this kingdom, and on malt made of such barley, beer, 'or bigg, specified to be and on biscuit made of such wheat, as specified in the said table, paid on cxpor on the exportation of every such article, in British bm\t ships, tatin thereof, owned and navigated according to law, the bounties subjoined in the said table to each article respectively.

A

Table

to

GO

CO

o

oil

FT

SHOWING the Prices under which certain Bounties are allowed on the Exportation of the several

Sorts of ground or unground Corn.

T)

o

t

Wheat. Rye, Barley, Beer, or Bigg. Oats.

s. s. s. s.

Under per quarter  44- 28. 22.4

Bounties 5 in such Cases, payable C n the following Articles exported.

On wheat 5s. per On rye 3s. per quar On barley, beer, or On oats 2s.per quar

quarter. ter. bigg, and on malt made of barley, beer, or bigg, 2s. 6d. per quarter. ter.

wheat meal is. 3d. rye meal and flour, barley meal, and beer Oatmeal id. per

per hundred weight. wheat flour, andhif cuit made of wheat, is. 6d. per hundred weight. 1 9d. per hundred weight. meal, andbigg meal, lod per hundred weight. hundred weight.

o

"t

rt

OQ

D

n

rt

tp

3

o

t t

s'

o

O

w

o

Go

d

Si

vo

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. 237

IV. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That on the Oath to be entry of biscuit for exportation, in order to obtain the bounty, the exporter thereof shall make oath (or, if one of the people called exportation Quakers, affirmation) that the same is made of British wheat, and is made of is really and truly intended to be exported as merchandise, and British wheat; not for the use of the ship or vessel during her then voyage, or any ahowed" future voyage; such oath or affirmation to be taken before the for less quan collector of the customs at the port from whence the export is to tities than take place, who is hereby authorised to administer the same: and herein'speci that no bounty shall be paid or allowed for any quantity of biscuit e shipped on board of any such ship or vessel, that does not exceed one hundred weight for every mariner or passenger on board such ship or vessel, nor for less than two tonnes weight shipped on board of any such ship or vessel over and above the ship stores allowed for every mariner or passenger on board the same, in the proportions herein before mentioned; and that no biscuit shall be allowed in the victualling bill of any ship or vessel carrying out biscuit as merchandise, but that, when the debenture for biscuit exported shall be brought into the searcher's office to be certified, then it shall be lawful for the searcher to deduct from the quantity actually shipped, the quantity usually allowed in the respective voyages, not exceeding, for each mariner or passenger, the proportions before mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That the exporter or exporters Bond to be of such corn or other articles before mentioned shall, before the s*ven fr the exportation thereof, become bound to his Majesty, his heirs and ofcorn* successors, in a bond, together with the master or person having the charge or command of the ship or vessel in which such corn or other articles are intended to be exported, and also with one sufficient surety (to be approved by the collector and comptroller of the customs at the port of exportation) in treble the value thereof, with condition that the said corn or other articles so exported shall be landed at the respective ports or places for which the same shall have been entered, or at some other port or place not within this kingdom, and shall not be relanded in any part of this kingdom, nor be landed or sold in the isle of Man, or in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sark; and such bond shall How such be dischatged in the manner herein after mentioned; (that is to re to, say), For such of the said corn or other articles as shall be entered e 1 C for, or landed in the kingdom of Ireland, or any part of Europe, not within the Straights of Gibraltar, the condition of the bond shall be to bring a certificate in discharge thereof, within six months from the date of the bond; and for such of the said articles as shall be entered for, or landed at Gibraltar, or any foreign parts within the Straights of Gibraltar, within twelve months from the date of the bond; and for such of the said articles as shall be entered for or landed in any part of Africa, not within the Straights of Gibraltar, and on this side the Cape of Good Hope, or in any part of America, within eighteen months from the date of the bond; and for such of the said articles as shall be entered for or landed at Saint Helena, or in any port or place at or beyond the Cape of

Good

238 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30, [1791.

Good Hope, within thirty months from the date of the bond; which said certificate for such corn, or other articles before mentioned, as shall be landed in any port or place of Ireland, or any other part of his majesty's dominions, plantations or settlements, where any officer of his majesty's customs shall be resident, shall be signed by the proper officer or officers of his majesty's customs there, certifying that such corn or other articles were there landed; and for want of such officer residing the re, it shall then be signed by the governor of such istands, dominions, plantations, or settlements, or, in.his absence, by the deputy governor thereof respectively; and in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, it shall, in all cases, be signed by the governor or deputy governor thereof, as well as by the proper officer or officers of his majesty's customs: and for such articles^as aforesaid as shall be landed at any foreign port or place, such certificate shall be signed by the British consul, if there shall be any such consul residing the re, and, if not, then such certificate shall be under the common seal of the chief magistrate of such port or place, or if there be no such chief magistrate, under the hands and seals of two known British? merchants then resident at such port or place, testifying that such articles were there landed: and such bond may also be discharged, upon proof made to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the customs in England and Scotland for the time being respectively, that such corn, or other articles, were taken by enemies, or perished in the seas.

Bounty to be

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said bounty shall be paid, on oath paid by debenture, on oath having been made by the exporter, or as^trrrir* ^ri0v/n servant or, m ca^e be exporter, or his known fer

reded?in vant> shall be one of the people called Quakers on his affirmation, at the time the said corn or other articles respectively were entered for exportation, that the same are of the growth or product of this kingdom, and on certificate of the searcher of his majesty's customs, that the said corn, or other articles, have been actually slipped, and on the oath of the owner or master of the vessel on board of which such corn, or other articles, were entered for exportation, or if one of the people called Shiakersy on his affirmation, that such vessel was nv bui!t and owned, and navigated according to law, and on oath also of the exporter on the debenture of the said corn, or other articles, or, if one of the people called Quakers, on his affirmation, that the said corn, or other articles, had been duly exported; and, in the case of malt malted and slipped for exportation, on a certificate being produced from the proper officer of excise, that such malt had been malted in such manner as to entitle it to the bounty, after the rate of thirty quarters of malt for every twenty quarters of barley: which several oaths or affirmations before mentioned are hereby required to be made or taken respectively before the collector or other chief officer of the customs, at the port from whence such corn, or other articles, are exported, and the said officers respectively are hereby authorised and required to administer the said oaths or affirmations.

i.] anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30, 239

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said fromnov.ij, fifteenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety 1791> when one, whenever the prices of middling Brkijhvfheat, rye, barley, bridfltwhett^ beer, bigg, oats, peas, or beans, shall respectively appear, ac Sec. shall be cording to the methods directed by this act for ascertaining the above the^prices of corn, to be at or above the prices specified in the follow prices pi ing table, marked B, no person or persons whatever shall directly n ca or tndireftly export, transport, carry or convey, or cause or pro except starch, cure to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of or to be export from any port or place of this kingdom, or shall load or lay on ed. board, or cause or procure to be laden or laid on board, in any ship or other vessel or boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed out of any such port or place, any of the sorts of corn before mentioned, or any articles made thereof, except starch, as specified in the said table.

KO

TABLE B.

SHOWING the Prices at or above which Exportation of the several Articles therein mentioned

is prohibited.

o

o

s,

rt

If at of above, per quarter  they not to export

EJ

Wheat, Rye, Peas, Beans. Barley, Beer, Bigg.

r. r. r.

46 30 n

Wheat, or meal, flour, malt, bread, or biscuit, made of wheat. Rye, peas, or beans, or meal, flour, bread, or biscuit, made of rye, peas, or beans. Barley, beer, or bigg, or meal, flour, malt, bread, or biscuit, made of barley, beer, or bigg.

Oats,

IS

Oats, or meal, malt, bread, or biscuit, made of oats.

D

a

OQ

D

O

ren

3 o

-1

1'

o

w

o

o

o

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. 241

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all such corn, or other corn. ex articles, which shall be so exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, or so laden or laid on board in any ship or other vessel or boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed out of this kingdom, contrary t; o this act, shall be forfeited, and that every offender therein shall forfeit the sum of twenty shillings for every bushel of wheat, rye, peas, or beans, barley, beer or bigg, oats, or meal, flour, or malt made of any of the aforesaid sorts of corn, and twelve pence for every pound weight of biscuit bread made thereof, which shall be so exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, or so laden or laid onboard in any ship or other vessel or boat, in order to be exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of this kingdom, and also the ship, vessel, or boat wherein any of the said articles, herein before specified, shall be exported, or upon which any of the said articles shall be laden or laid in order to be exported, and all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, shall be forfeited, and the dame re spedhvely may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed If satisfactory

to extend, to prevent evidence from being received to the satisfaction

of the of of his majesty's customs in England and ness of the

Scotland respectively, in case any ship or vessel shall be under quantity, that

seizure by any officer or officers of the customs for having any any such corn,

corn or any of the other articles as aforesaid, on board, contrary C 'vas n A. '. vn'*. C board without

to the meaning or this act; or to prevent evidence from being tpe privity of

received in any suit or information brought for the forfeiture of the owner or any ship or vessel for or on account of such corn, or other articles master the as aforesaid, being soon board, in order to show, from the smallness of the quantity of the said corn, and other articles as aforesaid, and other circumstances of the case, that the said corn, or other articles as aforesaid, were on board such vessel without the knowledge and privity either of the owner or of the master, or other person having the charge or command thereof, and without any wilful neglect or want of reasonable care in the discharge of the duty of such owner, master, or other person having the charge or command of such ship or vessel, and in every such case where proof shall be so made respectively, such ship or vessel shall not be forfeited for or on account of such small quantity of corn or other articles as aforesaid.

porcea contrary to this a to be forfeited with the vessel, Scc.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall have entered outwards any corn, or other articles, as aforesaid, and shall have begun to ship or lay the same on board, during the time that the prices of middling British corn, taken in the manner herein after directed, shall be under the rates at or above which the exportation of such corn or other articles is prohibited by this act, such person shall not be prohibited from exporting such corn or other articles actually shipped or laden on board, or so much thereof expressed in such entry as shall be so shipped or laden on board within twenty days from the entry. thereof at the customhouse for exportation, although the prices

R of

Corn, See, begun to be slipped outwards, or such part thereof as shall be slipped within 20 days from the entry, may be exported, though the prices Should in the mean time rise to the rates at which

242 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1791.

such exporta Gf corn may have risen to the rates at or above whidl the exportation of such corn or other articles are prohibited, nor from receiving the bounty by this act allowed thereon ih cases where such bounty is payable, although the prices of corn may have risen to the rates at or above which the payment of the bounty thereon is not allowed by this act, after such person or persons shall have begun to ship the same, and before the exportation thereof, proof in such case being made by the exporter, upon the debenture, that the corn or other articles were really and bona fide shipped or laden on board within twenty days from the entry thereof: provided Aft not to ex also, That this act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend tend to corn, to prohibit at any time the exportation or carrying out of such or sustenance^f* muc^ corn or other articles as aforesaid, as shall be

the crew, Sec. necessary to be carried in any ship or other vessel on its voyage out of any vessel; and home, for the sustenance, diet, and support of the commander, master, mariners, passengers, and others, or for the use or sustenance of the cattle, livestock, or other animals on board of such or for visual ship or vessel, or for victualling or providing any of his majesty's tv's of" war or ot^er p.s. or vessels in his majesty's service, or

war &c!' fr victualling or providing any of his majesty's forces, sorts, or or to beans ex garrisons; or to prohibit at any time, the exportation of beans td ported to the the British forts, castles, or factories in Africa, or for the use of British forts, British ships trading upon that coast, which have usually been C in Africa; suppl[eci with the fam from Great Britain;: or to prohibit, at any carried'coast te5 any person or persons from shipping or putting on board, wife upon fuf except as herein after provided, any corn, or any of the articles ferance; aforesaid, to be carried coastwise, that is to say. From any port creek, member, or part of the kingdom of Great Britain, to any other port, creek, member, or part of the same respectively, having such or the like coast sufferance, and cocquet or other coast dispatch for that purpose, and on such or the like sufficient security being first given for the landing and discharging the same, as ortothequan now is or may hereafter be by law in such case required; or to tities of corn, prohibit the several sorts of corn and other articles from being ex c. permitted portecj to certain places out of and from certain ports in this to certafnr C kingdom, as described in the following table, marked G for the places men purposes and in the quantities therein mentioned, so as the whole tioned in table quantities to be exported within twelve calendar months from c' every fifteenth day of November, do not exceed thq several quantities

therein respectively limited.

Table

Table C

SHOW IN G the Quantities of C ORN, and other Articles, that may be exported in One Year, to certain Places, for the Sustenance and Use of the Inhabitants thereof, from certain Ports.

To what Place. From what Port. Corn, and other Articles. Quantity.

Quart.! Tonnes.

Gibraltar   London   Wheat, wheat meal or flour, rye, barley, or malt, or peas, not exceeding in the whole 2, 500

Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney Southampton   j Wheat, wheat meal, or flour, rye, barley, or malt, or bread, biscuit, or peas, not exceeding in the whole 9, 800 L

Isle of Man   r Whitehaven  -r j Liverpool  -  1 (Kirkcudbright   I Wheat, wheat meal or flour, barley, oats, not exceeding Ditto  ditto   Ditto  ditto   1.000 1.000 500  '

Saint Helena, Bencoolen, and the company's settlements in the East Indies.   } Great Britain, by the jeafti r India company 1 Wheat, wheat meal, flour, rye, barley, or malt, not exceeding in the whole 1, 500 H

The British forts, castles, or factories, in Africa   r By the committee of the 1 3 company of merchants >  trading to Africa 3 wheat flour, not exceeding   Biscuit, not exceeding   33 15

VO

3

3

O

Cs)

O

o

eg

n

rt

cn

3

o

3

o

O

R

O

O

p

CO

O

to

CO

4-

To what Place.

His majesty's sugar colonies in the West Indies, in which the Bahama and Bermuda, or so mer islands, are included

a

o

eg

ft

The Bay of Honduras, or coast of Yucatan, for the sustenance and use of the British settlers there 

hudson's Bay, for the benefit of the hudson's Bay company, and their servants residing the re 

"From Rich ports, and in such'to each island respectively, and in such proportions in each and every three months, as shall be directed by the lords of )> his majesty's privy council, appointed for the consideration of all matters relating to trade and foreign plantations  ,

From such ports as shall be" directed by the lords of his majesty's privy council, appointed for the con )> of all matters*relating to trade and foreign plantations  j

London

i

Corn, and other Articles.

Barley

Beans

Oats 

oat meal

Peas 

wheat flour Biscuit -

Flour, not exceeding

Biscuit- 

Barley 

wheat meal or flour, not exceeding Oats, oat meal, grotts, barley, peas, beans, malt, and biscuit, not exceeding

Quantity.

Quarts.

5.000 20, 000 25, 000

4.000 500

1.000

IIS

260

Tonnes. 

__________ o

__ n

OQ.

- 3

600 o ct

- 3

o

3, 220

950

25

250

50

20

20

40.

3

o

Q

w: o & o

o

VOTABLE

C continued.

o

o

4

FT

To what Place.; From what Port. Corn, and other Articles. Quantity.

C ease    500 Tonnes.

f London  " V iifcuit   500

I r Bristol    "lour   Peas -  is 1 0 64 500

1 ( Pool   s Hour   'ease   biscuit -  o 48 1, 400

Newfoundland -  I^Dartmouth   <! Hour   5eafe   Jifcuit   850 400 o

t "lour    0 00, Tf I O CS 1

Topsham and Tingmouth, in Peas - 1, 200

the whole from both places J Flour -

Liverpool   < Peas -  280 300

Flour    48

1 r Weymouth   ! Peas* - 240 120

Plymouth   *< Flour   Peas - 200 3* 200

[Hour -   *40

M

VO

P

D

O

tn

DQ

rn

tn

3

o

3

o

a

w o

VI

O

oo

O

Table C

To what Place.

From what Port.

Newfoundland*

o

o

eg

FT

Chester

Port Glasgow and Greenock, r in the whole from both places It

Barnstable 

Southampton 

L Cowes 

and other Articles.

Quantity.

Peas

Biscuit

Flour

Peas

Biscuit

Peas

Biscuit

Flour

Peas, or Flour Biscuit

Peas, or Flour Biscuit

Quart.

240

100

150

3

3 00

Tonnes.

200

48

150

150

j

150

120

to

4-

OY

3

n

Q

ro

C

D

rv

1

3

o

CJ

3

o

O

M

O'

>3

O

O

VO

To what Place.

Nova Scotia

o

0

ft

From what Port

'London 

Bristol -

Dartmouth 

Topsham and Tingmouth, in the whole from both places y

Plymouth

-1

Corn, and other Articles.

Peas

Biscuit

Flour

Peas

Biscuit

Flour

Peas

Biscuit

Flour

Peas

Biscuit

Flour

Peas

Biscuit

Flour

Peas

Biscuit

Flour

Quantity.

Quarts. Tonnes.

- _ 600 

- 400

- 48

- .*400 

- 35

- 32

- 200 

- 200

- 32

- 3 

,  300

- *48

- 400 

T    400

- 48

- 300

- 30o

- 40

vo

SJ

o

o

r

o

t

Y

o

O

w

o

O

(O

os

Table C continued

To what Place.

"Bay Chaleur

o

o

ft

From what Port.

f London Bristol Pool

Dartmouth

Topsham and Tingmouth, the whole from both places

Plymouth

Vinj

aces 1

I

Corn, and other Articles.

Peas

Biscuit

Flour

Peas

Biscuit

Flour

Peas

Biscuit

Flour

Peas

Biscuit

Flour

Peas

Biscuit

Flour

Peas

Biscuit

Flour

So

400

200

300

400

300

400

80

300

32

200

48

400

i8

300

30

a

a

o

Quantity.

- < _ _ m Quarts. Tonnes. 3,

n n tti

3

o

r

3

o

O

w o

300 O 48 S

oo

O

VO

k

VI VOTO

what Place.

From what Port.

Labrador

o

o

eg.

FT

Portugal, or elsewhere

L

London -

Bristol -

Pool  - -1

Dartmouth -

Topsham and Tingmouth, r in the whole from both places    C

Plymouth  - -1

Corn, and other Articles

Quantity.

Beer or bigg, the growth islands of Orkney 

From Kirkwall, under fuclt limitations and restrictions as shall be made by the lords of his majesty's privy council, appointed for the consideration of all matters relating to trade and foreign plantations -

In the foregoing table, fifty six pounds avoirdupois of wheat meal, and fortyfive pounds avoirdupois of wheat flour is to be y deemed equal to every bushel of unground wheat; and twenty-two pounds avoirdupois of oat meal, shall be deemed equal to every bushel of unground oats.

Peas

Biscuit

Flour

Peas

Biscuit

Flour

Peas

Biscuit

Flour

Peas

Biscuit

Flour

Peas

Biscuit

Flour

Peas

Biscuit

Flour

350

Bond to be iven for the cue exportation of corn, C to the places mentioned in table C or for his majesty's forces, canno

regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1791.

XI. And be it further enacted, That such exporter of the fever ral sorts of corn or other articles aforesaid, either to any of th places mentioned in the said table C or for his majesty's forces, sorts, or garrisons, or for the use of British ships trading on the coast of Africa, or beans for the British forts, castles, or factories in Africa, shall, before the shipping thereof, declare the island or place for which the said corn or other articles are respectively intended to be exported, and he, together with the master or person having the charge pr command of the ship or vessel in which such corn or other articles are intended to he exported, shall become bound to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in a bond, with one other fufecient surety (to be approved by the collector and comptroller of the customs at the port of exportation) in treble the value thereof, with condition that the said corn or other articles so exported shall be landed at the respective islands or places for which the same shall be so declared and entered for the several

purposes aforesaid, and shall not be landed or sold in any other parts whatsoever, the danger of the seas and enemies excepted; How such and such bond shall be discharged upon producing such certificate bonds shall be as is herein before required, with respect to corn and other articles C arge exported on bounty, within the times there specified, as the case may happen to be, or on proof made, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the customs in England or Scotland, for the time being, respectively, that such articles were taken by enemies, or perished in the seas: provided always, That in case such corn or other articles shall be exported for the use of his majesty's forces, sorts, or garrisons, there shall also be a certificate of the com mifiary of provisions, or any person who shall receive the same into his charge or custody for the use of his majesty's forces, testifying the quantity so received by him.

Inhabitants of

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law guerafey, C full for any person inhabiting the said islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or may transport Alderney, to ship and lade at any of the said islands, and to transport thence^tom directly from thence to Newfoundland or to any other of the Sri newfound tlft> colonies or plantations in America, where the fishery is now land, See, for or shall hereafter be carried on, on board any ship or vessel which the use of the m?ly lawfully trade there, the whole or so much of the wheat, wheat? rye Parley, and meal, flour, malt, biscuit, or peas, so allowed

allowed to be to be imported into the said islands, as shall be fit and necessary imported into for the fishery in those parts, or for the use and support of the those islands, mariners or other persons employed on board the vessels, or on Gecf t ^28 oren carrying on the said fishery, in the same manner, and under the same limitations and restrictions, to all intents, cori

structions, and purposes, as are prescribed in and by an act, made in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to permit the inhabitants of Jersey and Guernsey to export directly from thence to Newfoundland, or the British colonies in America, goods necessary for the fishery, under certain restrictions, and to import from thence non-enumerated goods (except rum\'and to land the same in the saidi/lands, as if the same were particularly repeated and reenacted

179anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. 0, 30. 251

enacted in the body of this present a; any law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided also, and be it farther enacted, That nothing Corn, See. may herein contained hall extend, or be construed to extend, to probe exported to htbit any sort of corn, or any of the other articles as aforesaid, j^embar from being exported from Great Britain to the kingdom of Ire In the ex land, during such time and so long as any general prohibition of portation

or embargo on the exportation of such corn, pr other articles as thereof from aforesaid, hall be in force in that kingdom, the same having been that kingdom, notified in the London Gazette \ but that it shall and may be law regulations fill, during the time that such prohibition or embargo "mall be in force in that kingdom, to export such corn, or other articles as aforesaid, from Great Britain to Ireland, \ so as the exporter of any such corn, or other articles as aforesaid, from Great Britain, do, before the shipping thereof, declare Upon oath, or affirmation, being one of the people called ghtakers) before the collector or other - '

chief officer of the customs at the port from whence the exportation is about to take place (which oath or affirmation the said collector or other chief officer is hereby ifnpowered to administer), that all such corn, or other articles as aforesaid, is intended to be exported to Ireland, specifying therein the port to which the same is intended to be exported, and also that he, together with the master or person having the charge or command of the hip or veflei in which such corn or other articles are intended to be exported, do become bound in a bond with one other sufficient surety, in treble the value of such corn, or other articles as aforesaid, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with condition that he will carry the same to such port or place in the kingdom of Ireland; and such bond shall be discharged upon producing a certificate of the collector or other chief officer of the customs of the port in Ireland for which the same was entered to be exported, in the manner herein before directed, with respect to corn and other articles exported on bounty.

XIV. And whereas it may he highly expedient, for the relief of his Majests subjects in his colonies and plantations, and other parts out of the realm, in cases of war, hurricane, dearth or sudden dislrefs, to empower his Majesty, with the advice of his privy council, to allow, in such cases, the exportation of an additional limited quantity of corn, and of the other articles before mentioned; be it further enacted

hythe authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, Incafes ofwar, by and with the advice of his privy council, during such time as chis majes parliament hall not be sitting, to allow, in addition to the quan ^h^n^he^ar tities specified in table (7, the exportation of any of the sorts of liament is not corn, or of the other articles herein before mentioned, in any sitting, may quantities not exceeding five thousand quarters of each of the fe allow the veral sorts of unground corn, and two thousand tonnes of each of corn here the several sorts of ground corn or biscuit, in any one year, on in mentioned, the exporters, together with the matters or persons having the to be export charge or command of the ships or vessels in which such corn or ed, in addition other articles are intended to be exported, giving bond, with one tksfp^cified^u other sufficient surety, in manner herein before last directed, with table C

o'respect

252 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. gor.

[1791.

respect to corn and other articles allowed to be exported in the quantities and proportions mentioned in the table marked C and such bond shall be discharged by certificate in the manner herein last directed.

From Nov,

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said tieson wheat" fifteenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety scc. imported! one, upon the importation into Great Britain from foreign parts, to be regulated of wheat, wheat meal or flour, rye, barley, beer or bigg, oats, according to oat meal, peas, beans, Indian corn and maize, the duties to be cified^rf table Pa thereon respectively shall be regulated and ascertained according to the prices of wheat, rye, barley, beer or bigg, peas

__ beans, oats, and oat meal, in the manner set forth and specified

and no com. '., 5.., '.

ground, ex ln the following table, marked D \ and that no corn ground, except wheat cept wheat meal, wheat flour, and oat meal, nor any malt, shall meal, C be imported into Great Britain from parts beyond the seas, under to be import'pena^y the forfeiture thereof, together with the ship or vessel. ed, on penalty in which the same shall be imported, with her guns, furniture of forfeiture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, and the same shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs.

Tab 14

o

o

o2

?r

Table D.

SHOWING the Prices according to which High or Low Duties are to be paid on Importation.

vois

under, per quarter  High duty -

If at or above, per quarter But under, per quarter First low duty

If at or above, per quarter Second low duty

C

P

Importation of wheat meal and flour to be governed by the price of wheat as follows:

s. d,

High duty per cwt. 6 6 First low duty  i 6 Second low duty i o

Malt made of wheat prohibited.

Wheat. Rye, Peas, Beans. Barley, Beer or Bigg. Oats.

s. d. j. d. J. d. j. d.

- 50  '34  ri5 17 

24 3  az  aa  6 7

- 50   34   ^5  '17 

54   37   z7  18 

- a 6  1 6 1 3'1 

- 54   37   27   18 

- 6'  3   3 

Rye ground, malt made of rye, peas ground and beans ground, prohibited.

Importation of Indian corn or maize to be governed by the price of barley as follows:

s. d.

High duty per I quarter i

First low duty  13 Second low duty o 3 Barley, Indian corn or maize, beer or bigg, ground, and malt made of barley, Indian corn, or maize, beer or bigg, prohibited.

Malt made of oats prohibited.

oat meal.

If under, per) boll of 1401b. / avoirdupoise, f or 1281b. 1

Scotch troy High duty, 7 per boll I

If at or above, 7 per boll J But under, per 7 boll i

First low duty If at or above, per boll 5 Second low^duty

16

8

16

17

1

*7

O

3

- OQ P

O

ct 

3

- o

t3

n

__ o

Q

O

o

K

?-54 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1791.

When wheat,

XVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever an act shall fbk^ntotre" ave pa^ec* northeast parliament of Ireland permitting the importa land at the tonne from Great Britain into Ireland, of wheat, wheat meal or prices, and flour, rye, barley, beer or bigg, oats, oat meal, peas, beans, and not above the Indian corn or maize, respectively, at prices equal to the prices bi^e8 the^u ment^onec^ n fflwing table marked Ey taken quarterly, ac ties on the im cor(sing to the prices of wheat, rye, peas, beans, barley, beer or portation from bigg, and oats unground, and of oat meal, at the time that the Ireland, Que lame shall be imported into that kingdom, and subject to no high see. of er duties respectively than those specified in the said table marked be regulated  duties to be paid upon the importation into Great Britain

according to from Ireland and the province of htebecy and the other British the prices in colonies or plantations in North America, and also from other table E.'foreign countries, of wheat, wheat meal, of flour, rye, barley, beer or bigg, oats, oat meal, peas, beans, and Indian corn or maize, shall, after the expiration of three calendar months, from the notification, by order of his Majesty in council, to be published in the London Gazette, of such act having passed in the parliament of Ireland, and during the continuance of such act, or of any other act there passed to the same purport and effect, be respectively regulated and ascertained, according to the prices of wheat, rye, barley, beer or bigg, peas, beans, oats, and oat meal, in the manner set forth and specified in the said table marked Ey instead of the preceding table marked D.

tabws

1791.]

2 55

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30.

Table E.

SHEWING the Prices according to which High or Low Duties are to take Place on Importation.

Wheat. Rye, Peas, Beans.

When imported from ire land, or the province of Quebec, or the other British colonies and plantations in North America: s. d. s. d.

If under, per quarter High duty, per quarter 48-24 3 32 "22 

If at or above, per quarter But under, per quarter First low duty 48 -52  2 6 32 "35 7 i 6

If at or above, per quarter Second low duty 52   6 35 "  3

When imported from any other foreign country:

If under, per quarter High duty, per quarter  50  24 3 34 - 22 

If at or above, per quarter But under, per quarter First low duty  SO  54 "2 6 34  37 "1 6

If at or above, per quarter Second low duty  54   6 37* "  3

Importation of wheat, meal, and flour, to be governed by the price of wheat, as follows.

When imported from Ireland, or the province of Quebec, or the other British colonies or plantations in North America:

High duty, per 1 s d' cwt.] First low duty i 6 Second low duty o 2

When imported from any other foreign country:

GO High duty, per cwt. 5 First law duty i 6 Second low duty i o

eg FT Malt made of wheat, prohibited. Rye ground, malt made of rye, peas ground, and beans ground, prohibited.

Barley, Beer or Bigg Oats.

When imported from Ireland, or the province of Quebec, or the other British colonies or planta

s. d. s. d. tiens in North America:

24  16  If under, per boll of 1401b. 1

22  6 7 avoirdupoise, or 1281b. > Scotch troy J

24  16  For every such boll, high dut)

26  17 

1 3 1  If at or above, per boll

But under, per boll First low duty

26  17 

- 3  2 If at or above, per boll Second low duty

25  17  When imported from am

22  6 7 other foreign country:

25  17  If under, per boll

27  18  High duty, per boll

1 3 1 - If at or above, per boll -

27  18  But under, per boll

/ "3  2 First low duty

Importation of Indian If at or above, per boll

corn or maize to be governed by the price of barley, as follows. When imported from Ireland, or the province of Quebec, or the other British colonies or plantations in North America: Second low duty

High duty, per 7' d' quarter  J2Z 0 First low duty 1 3 Second low duty 0 3 When imported from any other foreign country:

s, d. High duty, per \ quarter  J First low duty i 3 Second low duty 0 3

Barley, Indian corn or Malt

maize, beer or bigg made of

ground, and malt oats pro

made of barley, Indian ] hibited.

corn or maize, beer ox bigg, prohibited.

Oatmeal.

s. d.

15  8 

15 

16 

16   2

16  *8 

16 

17 

17   6

N.B. This Table to face page 154.

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. go 257

XVII. And be it further enacted, That upon the importation On the im into Great Britain of any corn, meal, or flour, as of the growth ^orn^sthe^ or production of Ireland, or the province of hiebec, or the other growth of British1 colonies or plantations in North America, the master or Ireland, C other person having or taking the charge or command of the vef the master to fel in or on board of which the same shall be imported or brought, fl^t|tyomthe shall bring with him a certificate or certificates from the chief 0^cer of the officer or officers of the customs in the port where such corn, port of ship meal, or flour shall be put on board, expressing the quantity and ping? exprdt sort of corn, meal, or flour put on board, and mentioned in the

bill or bills of lacting, with the name or names, place or places of abode of the exporter or exporters, and the name or names, place or places of abode of such other person or persons who shall have sworn that the corn, meal, or flour therein mentioned, is bona fide of the growth or production of Ireland, or the province of shie bee, or the other British colonies or plantations in North America respectively, and where and to whom consigned; and the master or other person having or taking the charge or command of the vessel importing or bringing in the same, shall, on arrival in Great Britain, make oath before the collecfor or comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs at the port in Great Britain where such vessel shall arrive, who are hereby author!fed to administer the said oath, that the corn, meal, or flour, imported or brought in such vessel, is the same which is mentioned and contained in the said certificate or certificates; on failure whereof, such corn, meal, or flour, shall be deemed and taken not to be of the growth or production of Ireland, or the province of Quebec, or the other British colonies or plantations in North America, but shall be considered, to all intents and purposes, within the meaning of this a CL as corn, meal, or flour, imported or brought into Great Britain from some other foreign country.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several duties so Duties in

specified in the tables marked D and E, shall (as the case may be) anche

respectively raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recover C(J she ed, and that the same shall be applied, except as herein after di duties of cui rected, in such and the like manner, and by such and the like toms on im ways, means, and methods, and to such and the like purposes, as any portation are of the duties of customs upon goods, wares, or merchandise im be

ported into Great Britain from foreign parts are now by law under the ma raiied, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and applied; nagement of and that such of the said duties as shall arise in that part of Great commis britain called England, shall be under the management of the tomstn^ng*commissioners of the customs in England for the time being, and land and scot such thereof as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called Scotland respect land) shall be under the management of the commissioners of the tively. customs in Scotland for the time being.

XIX. And, in order to promote and extend the commerce of the merchants of this kingdom in foreign corn, and to provide /lores, which may be always ready for ahe relief of his Majesty's subjects in times of

dearth, be it further enacted, That from and after the fifteenth frmnov..i$, day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, in Vet. XXXVII S case be lauded

2.58 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1791.

without pay Cale any wheat, wheal meal or flour, rye, peas, beans, barley, arntware * eer or bigg* oats or oat meal, Indian corn or maize, shall be im housed under ported into any town or port having a collector and comptroller certain regu of the customs, or into any other port that shall be approved by lations. his Majesty, with the advice of his privy council, the same, upon

due entry thereof, may be forthwith landed from on board the ship or vessel in which the same shall be so imported, in the presence of the proper officer or officers of the customs, without payment of any duty whatever; provided that an exact account be taken of the quantity thereof, and entered in a book to be kept by the proper officer of the customs of the said ports, and that the same shall, upon landing, be immediately lodged and secured, under the joint locks of the King and the importer or proprietor thereof, in such warehouses as shall be fit for that purpose, to be provided at the foie expense of the importer or proprietor thereof, with the approbation and under the care and inspection of the commissioners of the customs in England and Scotland respective jy, or the colleger and comptroller of the port, where such corn, meal, or flour, shall be imported; and such corn, meal, or flour, respectively, shall be under the care of the said of of the customs, or the collector and comptroller of the customs, for the port where the same shall be so imported, with liberty for the proprietor or proprietors, or his or their servants, to fereen, turn, and take such other care of the same as necessity shall require, in the presence of some officer or officers of the customs, to be appointed and paid for that purpose by such of of the customs, or the collector and comptroller of the port; and such corn, meal, or flour respectively shall not be delivered or taken out of any such warehouse but upon the following conditions; Conditions (that is to say), If the same, or any part thereof, hall be delivered fud^imooned orc^er to or con burned in this kingdom, and not first to

wheat C be carriec^ coastwise to some other port of this kingdom, where may betaken foreign corn of the same sort maybe imported on the low duties, out of ware the person or persons so taking out the same shall first pay down, houfts. in ready money, such duties as shall at the time of taking out the same be due or payable for the like sort of corn, meal, or flour, imported into the same port from any foreign country whatever; and also, in addition to such duties, the several and respective duties specified in table), under the name of the first low duties; and such corn, meal, or flour, respectively, shall be measured out from the warehouses, and shall in all other respects be liable to the same restrictions and regulations as the same respectively would have been liable to if the same had not been warehoused in pursuance of this act; and if any of the said corn, meal, or flour, so warehoused as aforesaid, shall be delivered or taken out for exportation to foreign parts, or to be carried coastwise to any other ports of this kingdom where foreign corn of the same sort may be imported on the low duties, the owner or exporter thereof, together with the master or person having the charge or command of the ship or vessel in which such corn, meal, or flour, are intended to be exported, and also with one other sufficient surety,

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. 259

to be approved of by the collector and comptroller of the customs at the port of exportation, hall enter into bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in treble the value thereof, with condition that no part of the same shall, if entered for exportation, be relanded in Great Britain, or, if entered to be carried coastwise to any other port of this kingdom where foreign corn of the same sort may be imported on the low duties, be landed at any other than such port, or at the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney,

Sark, or Man, or the islands of Faro or Ferro; which bond shall be discharged by such certificate as is herein before required with respect to corn and other articles exported on bounty within the times there specified, as the case may happen to be 5 and such bonds may also be discharged, on proof made, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the customs in England and Scotland for the time being, respectively, that such corn or other articles were taken by enemies, or perished in the sea.

XX. And be it further enacted, That foreign corn, meal, or Foreign corn flour of any sort, which shall be imported, and which shall not

have been warehoused, as aforesaid, or which shall have been housed or warehoused, and afterwards delivered out to be used or confirmed delivered from in this kingdom, or malt, meal, or flour made of such foreign warehouses corn, hall not afterwards be exported from any port at such time as British corn of the same sort, or any of the articles aforesaid, to be exported are not allowed to be exported from the same port. from any port

when British corn is not permitted to be exported therefrom.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That any sort of corn, meal, bectrrkd*

or flour, either foreign or British, or any malt made of such corn, coastwise, shall not be permitted to be carried coastwise, or other wise con from any port veyed, from any port in Great Britain, where the exportation where the ec thereof according to the regulations of this act, is not allowed at not allowed at the time that the said corn, malt, meal, or flour, was actually the time of hipped, and be landed or unshipped at any other port of Great shipping, and Britain from whence the same, according to the regulations of anded at any this act, may then be exported. whence the same may be exported.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no debenture shall be No debenture

made out or granted for the allowance of any bounty on any to be made out corn, malt, meal, flour, or biscuit, entered or shipped for expor out^or'bounty tation from any port, during the time that foreign corn, meal, C a^iptln> flour, or biscuit, of the same sort, shall be allowed to be import where it may ed into fitch port at the low duties. be imported at

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if foreign com of any the low duties, sort which flail have been imported, and shall not have been warehoused as aforesaid, or malt, biscuit, meal, or flour made of boufed or such foreign corn, hall afterwards be exported to foreign parts, meal, See.

or loaded or laid on board any ship, vefle), or boat in order to be made there so exported contrary to the intentions of this act, the same shall trom, II ex be forfeited, and also the ship, veiled, or boat on board of which j^ ary to this the same shall be so loaded or laid on board, together with her aft, to be for guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, and the same feited with the shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs; Scc.


Shipping and landed at any port from whence the lame may be exported, to be forfeited.

Bond to be given that

260 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1791.

Com, carried and if any sort of corn, either British or foreign, or malt, bif rt cu mea or our mae thereof, shall be carried coastwise, or where the^ex otherwise conveyed from any port in Great Britain, where the portationis exportation of such British corn, malt, biscuit, meal or flour, ac not allowed at cording to the regulations of this act, is not allowed, at the time the time of that the ftdd corrj5 male, biscuit, meal, or flour, was actually shipped, and be landed at any other port of Great Britain, from whence the same, according to the regulations of this act, may then be exported, such corn, malt, biscuit, meal, or flour, shall be forfeited; and whenever any corn, malt, biscuit, meal, or flour, shall be shipped, in order to be carried coastwise within Great Britain, at any port from whence the exportation of the like species of corn, malt, biscuit, meal, or flour, shall not at that corn /&(t.shipt time, according to the regulations of this act, be allowed, over to be carried and besides the conditions in the coast bond now by law required coastwise, at in such case, the bond shall be with farther condition, that the said wsence^x^ corrb biscuit, meal, or flour shall not be landed at any port

portationis n Great Britain from whence the same sort of corn, malt, biscuit, not allowed, meal, or flour may then be exported, ed, shall not be landed at any port where it is.

If corn, See.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That brought coast nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to ex wheitthe ex tenc^ to Prevent any British or foreign corn, meal, or flour, or portation any malt made of such corn, brought coastwise, from being thereof was landed, or unftnpped for landing, in any*port of Great Britain, prohibited at where, at the time of such vessel's arriving, the exportation of such the port of corr, 5 malt, meal, or flour, according to the regulations of this act, shall be allowed, if it shall appear by the coast cocquet that the exportation of such sort of corn, malt, meal, or flour, was prohibited at such port at the time that the said corn, malt, meal, or flour, was actually shipped on board such vessel, though the price thereof may have fallen at such port, so that the exportation of such sort of corn, malt, meal, or flour, from that port may then be allowed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any ship or vessel shall arrive from foreign parts at any port in Great Britain, with any corn, meal, or flour as aforesaid, at a time when, according

t he high duties to the regulations of this act, the high duties shall be due and pay are payable, able for such corn, meal, or flour, or the same shall not by law be'portationis flowed to be imported, the said ship or vessel shall and may law prohibited, " sully depart from such port without molestation or hindrance, may depart to with such corn, meal, or flour, and may carry the same to any ports where other port of Great Britain at which the same maybe imported on b^imorted^ te ow duties, anc hhere enter, land, and deliver the same, subject on the low to the before mentioned directions, regulations, and conditions of this act.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That foreign corn, meal, and flour, laden in any part beyond the seas, may, at any time from and after the said fifteenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, be brought directly

lacting, it may be landed at any port where the exportation is allowed.

Vessels with foreign corn, C arriving at ports where

duties.

From Nov. 15, 1791, foreign corn, may be brought directly to the

from thence to Grangemouth, in the county of Stirling, within the

precinct

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. 16r

precindtof the port of Borrovjfloness, or to Greenock, in the county places herein

of Renfrew, in the river or to any other port or creek in

the said river Clyde, above Greenock, within the precinct of the port though the

of Port Glasgow, in order to be conveyed from thence respective Forth and

ly, in lighters, by or through the canal called The Forth and Clyde Clyde canal.

Canal Navigation, to any port or creek at which foreign corn,

meal, or flour may then be imported according to the regulations of

this at; such conveyance to be made under the restrictions and

according to the regulations herein provided.

XXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Foreign corn, ship or vessel, from parts beyond the seas, shall arrive at Grange C arriving at mouthy in the county of Stirlings within the precinct of the port of an Borrowstoness, laden with foreign corn, meal, or flour, herein be through sore allowed to be imported, destined for the west coast of Scotland, the Forth and and that the importer, proprietor, or consignee thereof, or his Clyde canal to agent, shall be desirous to convey such corn, meal, or flour, in fhjweft"end lighters, by or through the before mentioned canal, to any port or thereof or on creek at the west end of the said canal, or on the west coast of the west coast Scotland, at which such corn, 'meal, or flour, may then be import of Scotland, ed on payment of the duties called The Low Duties, according to the regulations of this a CL it shall be lawful to unship such corn, j ported on meal, or flour, into a lighter or lighters, and therein to convey the low duties, the same, by or through the said canal, to such port or creek as under the re aforesaid, subject to the conditions, regulations, and restrictions, herein after mentioned; (that is to say). The master of every such ec

ship or vessel shall make a just and true entry, upon oath, before the collector and comptroller of the customs of the port where his ship or vessel shall have so arrived, of his ship, voyage, lacting, and other particulars, in like manner as such master is by law required to do on the arrival of his ship or vessel at the port of her discharge, and shall, in such entry or report, set forth, that the corn, meal, or flour on board the said vessel, or part thereof,

(specifying what part), is intended to be unshipped into a lighter or lighters, for the purpose of being conveyed by or through the said canal, to the port or creek to be mentioned in the said report,

(being a port or creek at which, at the time of making such report, such corn, meal, or flour, may be imported on payment of the low duties), and the said master of the said hip or vessel shall also, at the time of making such entry or report, deliver to the said collector and comptroller the manifest of his cargo; and the importer, proprietor, or consignee, of such corn, meal, or flour, or his agent, shall then make entry with the said collector and comptroller of the quantity of each sort of corn, meal, or flour, contained in the said report, which he intends to unship out of the said ship or vessel, into a lighter or lighters, in order to be therein conveyed, by or through the said canal, to such port or creek as aforesaid, mentioning what port or creek; and thereupon the said collector and comptroller shall grant a warrant, under their hands, for unshipping the quantity of each sort of corn, meal, or flour, so entered, into a lighter or lighters, in the presence of the proper.

officer or officers of the customs, such officer or officers

by

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1791.

shall take an exact account of the quantity of each sort of corn, meal, or flour, by him or them allowed to be unshipped, by virtue of such warrant, into each respective lighter, and shall certify the same to the said collector and comptroller; and before any such lighter, laden with any such corn, meal, or flour, shall be removed from the place where the same was so laden, the importer, proprietor, of consignee thereof, or his agent, shall give good security, by bond, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, (which bond the said collector and comptroller are hereby authorised and required to take), " in a sum equal to double the highest duties payable on the quantity of corn, meal, or flour, and to forty Shillings for every boll of the quantity of oatmeal, laden therein, with condition that the same, and every part thereof, shall be conveyed in such lighter to, and landed at, the port or creek for which the same was reported and entered as aforesaid, and that the same, or any part thereof, shall not be landed at any other place 3 and with further condition, to bring, within two months from the date of the bond, to the said officers by whom the same was taken, a certificate from the collector and comptroller of the port or creek for which the said corn, meal, or flour, was reported and entered, certifying that the same was there discharged and laid on land, and that the duties payable for the same were duly paid, (such bond to be taken without any fee, reward, or sum of money being demanded or received by any person or persons for or on account thereof, and to be exempt from the duties on {lamped vellum, parchment, and paper); and upon such bond being so given, the said collector and comptroller shall grant a certificate of the quantity of each sort of corn, meal, or flour, laden In such respective lighter, to accompany the same to the port or creek to which the said corn, meal, or flour, is to be conveyed as aforesaid; such certificate to set forth in what ship or vessel, and from whence the same was imported, the date of the matter's report, and the date of the entry made by the importer, proprietor, or consignee thereof, or his agent, and that such corn, meal, or flour, was allowed to be unshipped into such lighter (mentioning the name thereof, and of the matter of the same) in order to be therein conveyed by or through the said canal to such port or creek as aforesaid, (mentioning the name thereof), and that security has been given for the due landing thereof at that port or creek; and the said collector and comptroller shall transmit a copy, duly authenticated, of the report made by the matter of the said ship or vessel, and the manifest by him produced as hereinbefore required, to the collector and comptroller of the port or creek to which the said corn, meal, or flour, is to be conveyed, who thereupon, and upon production and delivery of the certificate hereby required to be granted to accompany the said corn, meal, or flour to the said port or creek, shall and may admit the same to entry on payment of the duties called The Low Duties, in like manner as if the said corn, meal, or flour respectively, had been imported at such port or creek from parts beyond the seas, at the date of the report aforesaid; and the collector and comptroller

of

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30.' 263

of the said port or creek shall thereupon grant a warrant, under their hands, for the landing of such corn, meal, or flour, in the presence of the proper officer or officers of the customs; and such officer or officers shall take an exact account thereof, to the end it may appear whether the whole quantity of corn, meal, or flour, taken on board such respective lighter has been conveyed to and landed at that port or creek, according to the condition of the bond: provided always, That such corn, meal, or flour, shall not be unshipped, or allowed to be unshipped, out of any such ship or vessel as aforesaid, into a lighter or lighters, for the purpose of being conveyed by or through the said canal, unless the same shall be unshipped into such lighter or lighters, according to die regulations herein contained, within six days from the arrival of the said ship or vessel in the port where the same is hereby allowed to be so unshipped for the said purpose, or unless the of of his majesty's customs in Scotland, or any three of them, shall see cause / allow a longer time; and the security hereby required to be given for corn, meal, or flour, so unshipped into any lighter or lighters, shall be given within six days after the unshipping thereof as aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any ship or vessel, Foreign corn,

from parts beyond the seas, shall arrive at Greenock in the river C arriving at*/ 7 (Treenock:

Clyde, or at any port or creek in the said river above Greenock, may: be cjn_

within the precinct of the port of Port Glasgow, laden with foreign veyed through

corn, meal, or flour, destined for the east coast of Scotland; and the Forth and

that the importer, proprietor, or consignee thereof, or his agent,

shall be deflrous to convey such corn, meal, or flour in lighters, dfScotland on

by or through the canal aforesaid, to any port or creek at the east the lame con

end of the said canal, or on the east coast of Scotland, at which hitions as to

such corn, meal, or flour, may then be imported on payment of the we coa^'

the duties called The Lotv Duties, according to the regulations of

this abt, it shall and may be lawful to unship such corn, meal, or

flour, into a lighter or lighters, and therein to convey the same,

by or through the said canal, to such port or creek as aforesaid,

subject nevertheless to the like conditions, regulations, securities,

and restrictions, in all respects, as corn, meal, or flour, which shall be unshipped at Grangemouth, in the county of Stirling, to be conveyed by the said canal in lighters to any such port or creek

as aforesaid, at the west end of the said canal, or on the west coast

of Scotland, is by this abt made subject to.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all such foreign corn, If the required

meal, or flour, which shall be unshipped into any lighter or vessel, security be not to be conveyed by or through the said canal, pursuant to the di 1

reblions of this act, and for which the security in that case required after unship by this abt shall not be given within three days after the unship ping foreign ping thereof, shall he forfeited; and if any such corn, meal, or corn to be flour, which shall be unshipped into any lighter or vessel, to be through the conveyed by the said canal, pursuant to this abt, shall be removed canal, the in such lighter or vessel from the place where the same was so un same to be for shipped, before such security shall be given as herein is required, hhted, cor

shall be landed, or unshipped to be landed, out of such lighter or

Foreign corn conveyed by the said canal out of one district, into

264 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1791.

vessel, at any place other than the port or creek for which the same shall be reported and entered as aforesaid, or without a warrant from the collector and comptroller of the port or creek where the lame shall be so landed or unshipped, or without the presence of the proper officer or officers of the customs; all such corn, meal, or flour, so removed, and all such corn, meal, or flour, so landed or unshipped, together with all the rest of the corn, meal, or flour, which hall remain on board such lighter or vessel, hall be forfeited, and every such lighter or vessel, with all her tackle, apparel, and furniture, shall also be forfeited; and every person or persons who shall be aiding or assisting, or otherwise concerned in the removal of such corn, meal, or flour, or in the unshipping thereof, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this add, or who hall knowingly receive the same after the unshipping thereof, hall forfeit treble the value thereof.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any sort of foreign corn, meal, or flour, shall be carried or conveyed by the said canal, or shall be hipped or put on board with intent to be so carried or conveyed, out of one district into another, such other being a dif another where tridt into which foreign corn, meal, or flour of that sort is not ahowecfto a^owec^ to imported on payment of the low duties, all such

imported on corffi meal, or flour, with the lighter, boat, or vessel in which the thelowduties, same shall be so carried or conveyed, or shipped, or put on board, to be forfeited, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this clause, and all her Cm tackle, apparel, and furniture, shall be forfeited.

XXXI And., for better ascertaining the prices of corn and oatmeal for the purposes before mentioned, be it further enacted by the autho the maritime rity aforesaid, That the several maritime counties of that part of counties of Great Britain called England shall be divided into districts in the England to be following manner; (that is to say). The city of London, and the counties of Essex, Kent, and Sussex, hall be the first district; the counties of Suffolk and Cambridge, shall be the second district; the county of Norfolk, shall be the third district; the county of Lincoln, and the east and north ridings of the county of York, together with the town and county of Kingston upon Hull, hall be the fourth district; the counties of Durham and Northumberland, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, hall be the fifth district; the counties of Cumberland and Westmoreland, shall be the sixth district; the counties of Lancaster and Chester, shall be the seventh district; the counties of Flint, Denbigh, Anglesea, Carnarvon, and Merioneth, shall be the eighth district; the counties of Cardigan, Pembroke, Carmarthen, and Glamorgan, shall be the ninth district; the counties o Gloucester, Somerset, and Monmouth, and the city and county of the city of Bristol, shall be the tenth district; the counties of Devon and Cornwall, shall bethe eleventh district; and the counties of Dorset and baits, shall be the twelfth district: and that in the several counties forming the districts herein before mentioned shall, for the purposes of this act, be included and considered as part thereof, all such cities, towns, or places, locally situated within the said several counties, as are counties of themselves, or as have or enjoy ail exempt jurisdi$: ionj and which do not contribute tp

divided into the districts herein speci jfied, (including the cities, See, which are counties of themselves);

26$

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30.

the rate of the county, riding, or division in which they are situated.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That, for the like purposes, as also the the several counties of that part of Great Britain called Scotland

shall also be divided into distridfs, in the following manner; (that is to say), The counties of Fife, Kinross, Clackmannan, Stirlings Linlithgow, Edinburgh, Haddington, Berwick, Roxburgh, Selkirk, and Peebles, shall be the thirteenth district; the counties of Dumfries, jvigton, and and the stewartry of Kirkcudbright, shall be the fourteenth district; the counties of Argyle, Dumbarton,

Lanerk, Renfrew, and Bute, shall be the fifteenth district; the counties of Orkney and Shetland Caithness, Sutherland, Inverness,

Cromarty, Nairn, Elgin, Banff, Aberdeen, Kincardine, Forfar, and Perth, shall be the sixteenth didrift.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That such of the ports and

places in the counties of .0/} and Inverness, as are situated on the of r0fs and wed coast of Scotland, including the isles comprehended in those Inverness, and counties, shall, for the purposes of this act, be deemed and taken the isles thereto be within the fifteenth district, and not within the sixteenth withirtthe" district, in which the said counties of IX and Inverness are herein r district. before comprised.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the exportation and The exporta

importation of the several sorts of corn, and of the other articles tlon> herein before mentioned, and the payment of the duties on foreign grated in^corn, meal, and flour, imported, and of the bounty on British corn London, and and other articles exported, shall be regulated in the port of 0# Kent, Essex, don, and in the several ports of Kent, Essex, and Sussex, composing Sussex, by the first of the districts before mentioned, by the prices taken of^cornex the several sorts of corn and of oatmeal at the com exchange in change; Marklane, in the city of London, in manner herein after mentioned; (that is to say), The several proprietors of the said corn ex the proprie

chanee, who are entrusted with the management and direction tors whereof O'^o sre within 2

thereof, or the major part of them, shall, and they are hereby au we after

thorised and required, within one week after the feast of Saint June 24, 1791,

John the B apt if, one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, to to appoint an

meet, and, under their hands and seals, nominate and appoint a fit

and proper person (not being a corn factor, merchant, clerk, agent, or other person buying corn for sale, or for the sale of malt, meal, or flour made thereof) to be inspector of com returns, and so from

time to time, within twenty-eight days after the death, removal,

or resignation of any such inspector, to nominate and appoint some other fit and proper personas aforesaid, to be inspector of corn

returns; and every such inspector shall, and he is hereby required, Inspector to

within one week after he has received his appointment, to deliver give bond,

the same to the lord mayor or one of the aldermen of the said city, aild*take

and then enter into a bond to the lord mayor of the city of London, with two sufficient sureties, to be approved by the lord mayor or by the said alderman, in the sum of two hundred pounds, for the faithful accounting for, and payment of, all moneys that shall come to his hands by virtue of this act; and he shall at the same time take the following oath which oath the said lord mayor, or

one

266

Oath

which, with the appointment, is to be enrolled.

An office to be provided for the in spe&or.

In case of neglect of the proprietors of the corn exchange, the lord mayor and aldermen to appoint an inspector.

No inspector removable but by the lord mayor,

canno

regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30.

[1791-;

one of the said aldermen, is hereby authorised and empowered to administer:

I A.B. do swear, That I will at all times make due and true returns to the receiver of corn returns appointed by vixtue of an act passed in the thirty ffrjl year of the reign of King George the Thirds intituled, [Mere set forth the title of the act], and in all things, to the hejl of my J, kill and judgement, conform myself as inspector of corn returns, to the directions of the said al,

'And the said appointment, and also a certificate of his having taken such oath, shall be delivered by the lord mayor or the said aldermen, at the next sessions of the peace for the said city, and shall be then and there enrolled; and the said proprietors, or the major part of them as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby required forthwith to provide, out of the moneys arising from the estate belonging to them as proprietors of the corn exchange, a proper and convenient office, either within the corn exchange, or as near thereunto as may be, for the use and accommodation of the said inspector of corn returns, wherein all books, papers, and returns belonging to such inspector shall be deposited, and over which shall be written in legible characters, Office of Inspector of Corn Returns,

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said proprietors, or the major part of them as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect, within the respective times herein before mentioned, to nominate and appoint a fit and proper person to be inspector of corn returns, it shall and may be lawful for the lord mayor and aldermen of the said city, and they are hereby required, at the sessions of the peace that shall next immediately be held after such neglect or refusal as aforesaid, or at an adjournment of the same to be held within one week thereafter for that purpose, or at some subsequent sessions, to nominate and appoint a fit and proper person (not being a miller, maltster, corn factor, merchant, clerk, agent, or other person buying corn for sale, or for the sale of meal, flour, or malt made thereof) to be inspector of corn returns, which appointment shall be then and there enrolled; and the person so appointed shall then take the oath before directed, and a certificate of his having taken such oath shall then and there be enrolled; and he shall, within three days at least after such appointment, give bond in the manner and form before required.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no person, who hall have been appointed as aforesaid to the said office of inspector of corn returns, shall be removable therefrom, except on complaint of misbehaviour or neglect of duty in his office, made at the sessions of the peace held for the said city, and then and there heard and adjudged; in which case it shall and may be lawful for the lord mayor and aldermen, if they shall see good cause for the same, to remove such person from his office; and they shall thereupon signify such removal to the secretary of the corn exchange for the time being, or to some one of the proprietor? of the same

as

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. 26y

as aforesaid, who shall forthwith proceed to nominate and appoint a new inspector in manner herein before directed.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any inspec In case of for of corn returns shall be disabled by sickness, for the space f northeast one week, to execute the duties of his office, and the same shall hay be ap be signified to the secretary of the corn exchange, or any one of pointed, the proprietors thereof as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said proprietors, or the major part of them, and in case of their neg

let or refusal, for the lord mayor of the said city, and he or they is and are hereby required in like manner to nominate and appoint a fit and proper person (not being a miller, maltster, com factor, merchant, clerk, agent, or other person buying corn for sale, or for the sale of meal, flour, or malt made thereof) to be deputy, and to execute the office of inspector, during the disability of such inspector by sickness, and no longer; which appointment shall in like manner be enrolled, and the deputy so appointed shall in like manner enter into a bond and take the oath, and a certificate of his having so taken the oath shall in like manner be in rolied, as is herein before directed with regard to the inspector of corn returns.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every corn factor Corn factors carrying on his trade or business in the city of London, or in the to piake the suburbs thereof, shall, within one calendar month after the feast wins of Saint "John tke bapti/l, one thousand seven hundred and ninety

one, or after that time, within one calendar month from the time he shall begin to deal in the sale of corn or of oatmeal, make declaration in the form following; (that is to say),

I A.B. do hereby declare, "That the returns of the quantities and Declaration, prices of British corn and oatmeal, which heyiceforward shall be by or for me sold and delivered, shall, to the best of my knowledge and belief contain the whole quantity, and no more, of the corn and oatmeal bona fide sold and delivered by or for me, within the period to which they shall refer, with the prices of such corn and oatmeal, and the names of the buyers respectively, and, to the best of my judgement conformable to the directions of an at passed in the thirty first year of the reign of King George the Lbird, intituled[here set forth the title of the act.]

Which declaration shall be in writing, and shall be subscribed with the hand of such corn factor, and shall be by him or his agent forthwith delivered to the lord mayor of the city of London, for the time being, who is hereby required to grant a certificate thereof to be registered by the inspector of corn returns; and in case any person shall carry on the trade or business of a corn factor, without making the said declaration agreeably to the directions of this act, every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty on penalty of pounds. 51*

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every such corn Factors to factor shall, and he is hereby required to return, or cause to be make weekly returned, on the wednesday in each and every week, to the said C

Rector the quantities

268 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1791.

of corn, C inspector of corn returns, an account in writing, signed with hi sold, con own name, or the name of his known agent, of the quantities of penatyo iol. each respective sort Gf corn and oatmeal so by him sold and delivered during the week, with the prices thereof according to the respective measures in table Z), the amount of every pareel, with the total quantity and value of each sort of corn, and of the oatmeal, and by what measure or weight the same was sold, with the names of the buyers thereof; in default whereof, every such com factor shall, for every such neglect, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds.

which returns

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said inspector of corn t rectb^the* returns d duly an regularly enter in a book or books, to be inspector, but provided and kept for that purpose, the several accounts of the not shewn quantities and prices of corn and oatmeal received by him from without pro the respective corn factors, and the same shall not be made pub perauthoiity, or ffiewn by the said inspector, or with his privity or consent, cmi 1 e pen any person whatsoever, unless the same shall be called for or required by the receiver of corn returns appointed in pursuance of this act, or shall be required by any order in writing under the hand of the lord mayor, or any two of the aldermen, of the said city, under the penalty and forfeiture of the sum of ten pounds. inspector to

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said inspector of corn make up returns shall, and he is hereby required, every week, to make up, ^rntfotthe compute anc distinguish, from the returns by him received pur average quan suant to the directions of this act, in that week, the general ag tity and price gregate quantity, according to the respective measures in table Z, of each sort of and price of each respective sort of British corn and oatmeal that shall appear 16 have been sold and delivered in and during such London, and week, in the city of London and suburbs thereof; an account of totransmitthe which returns, and the said general aggregate quantities and average prices prices, he is hereby required to enter in a book or books to be to the receiver ^cept fr at purpose, and thereupon to make up and compute the of corn re average prices of each respective sort of corn and of oatmeal fold turns, who is and delivered during such week; and he is hereby directed, on the to transmit a Friday in every week, to transmit a copy of the account of the thseo^to the average prices to the receiver of corn returns herein after di collectors of redfed to be appointed, who is hereby required to enter the same the customs at in a book or books to be kept for that purpose, and forthwith to London, and transmit a certificate of such average prices of each respective fort essexkent British corn, signed by him, to his majesty's collector or other and suftex as chief officer of the customs of the port or London, and to the fe the guide for veral collectors or other chief officers of the ports or places within exportation, the counties of Essex^ Kent, and Sussex, and the said respective cole lectors and other chief officers are hereby required to receive and

enter the same in a book or books to be kept for that purpose, and to cause a copy thereof to be hung up in some public place in the customhouse thereto belonging, to which all persons may resort 5 and the exportation of each sort of British corn, and of the other articles herein before mentioned, and the payment of the bounty thereon, within the port of the said city of London, and the ports in the counties of Kent, ejtex^ and sujtex, shall be governed and

regulated

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. 269

regulated by such average prices, in the manner herein before directed, until new average prices shall in like manner be made up and computed, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to such collectors or other chief officers respectively, and by them received.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said inspector of Inspector also corn returns shall, and he is hereby required, within seven days to makeup, at after the fifteenth day of November one thousand seven hundred heremvpeci and ninety one, and within seven days after the fifteenth day of fied, likeac february, the fifteenth day of May, the fifteenth day of August, and counts, and to the fifteenth day of November, in each and every succeeding year, transmit the to make up, compute, and distinguish, from and upon the six last for the periods weekly returns by him received pursuant to the directions of this herein men act, immediately preceding such respective periods, an account of tiorted to the the general aggregate quantity, according to the respective mea receiver of sures in table Z), and price of each respective sort of British corn, oats excepted, and of oatmeal, that shall appear to have been sold transmit a cer and delivered in and during such six weeks in the said city of Lon tificatethereof don and suburbs thereof, and in like manner an account of the general aggregate quantity and price of all British) oats that shall so^jn Lon' appear by the lafi: twelve weekly returns preceding such period, jonc. to have been sold and delivered within the said city and suburbs thereof; an account of which returns, and the said general aggregate quantities and prices, he is hereby required to enter in a book or books to be kept for that purpose, and thereupon to make up and compute the average price of each respective sort of corn and of oatmeal sold and delivered, during the several periods before mentioned, in the said city and suburbs thereof; and the said inspector is hereby directed, without delay, to transmit a copy of the account of such average prices to the receiver of corn returns herein after directed to be appointed, who is hereby required to enter the same in a book or books to be kept for that purpose, and forthwith to transmit a certificate of such average prices, signed by him, to his majesty's collector or other chief officer of the customs for the port of London and to the several collectors or other chief officers of the ports or places within the counties of Essex, Kent, and sup sex'y and the said respective collectors, and other chief officers, are hereby required to receive and enter the same in a book or books to be kept for that purpose, and to cause a copy thereof to be hung up in some public place in the customhouse thereto belonging, to which all persons may resort; and the importation of each sort of foreign corn, and of the other articles herein before mentioned, and the payment of the duty thereon, within the port of the said city of London, and the ports in the counties of Kent,

Essex, and Suffix, shall be governed and regulated by such average prices, in the manner herein before directed, until new average prices shall, in like manner, be made up and computed, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to such collectors or other chief officers, respectively, and by them received.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said inspector of fnfpe&or to corn returns shall, and he is hereby required, without delay, to deliver a copy deliver to the lord mayor and aldermen of the city of London, at

their to be

170 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1791.

inserted in the their sessions of the peace then next to be held, a copy of the Gazette. account of the several average prices so made up and computed, and verify the same upon oath; and the lord mayor and aldermen shall - they are hereby required to cause the same to be published in the London Gazette once in each of the four weeks immediately succeeding such session, the expenses of which publication shall be paid out of the moneys in the hands of the said in spe&or of corn returns by virtue of this ah Factors to pay

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all British corn that to the shall be brought into the river Thames, eastward of London Bridge,

corn^rouent an anc delivered, shall be charged with the sum of

one penny per last, or ten quarters; and that all foreign corn, when delivered out of any ship or vessel in the port of London, shall be charged with a sum of twopence per last, or ten quarters, besides the duties before mentioned; and that it shall be lawful for the inspector of corn returns to demand, collect, and receive the same, from every corn factor, or importer of corn, respectively, on corn, 2 d.; and whose account such British or foreign corn shall be sold and de himvn^c 0 Livered, or shall be delivered out of the ship or vessel in which the same shall have been imported, as the case may be, and that the corn factor, or importer, shall deliver a full and true account of the quantity of the said corn, to the corn inspector, within one week after the sale and delivery thereof, or the delivery thereof from the ship or vessel, with the name of the master or commander of such ship or vessel.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That an account of the mo deliver, twice nies so received by the said inspector of corn returns, or the de th^or^ma*0 Puty tien executms said office during any such disability by ore C sickness as aforesaid, twice in every year; (that is to say), At the

account of quarter sessions held for the city of London, next after Christmas the money so and Midsummer, shall be stated and delivered by him to the lord him^which is mayor and aldermen then and there assembled; and it shall and to be disposed may lawful to and for the said lord mayor and aldermen, and of as herein they are hereby authorised and required, under their hands and directed. seals, to empower the said inspector of corn returns, out of the said sum and sums so received, to retain and apply to his own use and benefit any sum not exceeding the rate of two hundred pounds per annum, nor less than one hundred pounds per annum, from which said sum shall always be first deduced such sum as shall by the said lord mayor and aldermen be directed and ordered (which order and direction they are hereby empowered to make) to be paid to or retained by any deputy or deputies then executing, or who hath or have executed, the said office during any such disability by sickness as aforesaid, and such part of the residue or overplus of the moneys so collected and received shall be paid over, without delay, to such of the proprietors of the said estate of the corn exchange as manage and regulate the same as aforesaid, to the use and benefit of the said estate, as shall be sufficient to repay thereunto all such moneys as may have been therefrom issued or expended in providing, completing, and keeping in repair, such apartment or office; and the remainder thereof if any, shall be

paid

corn brought into the Thames eastward of London Bridge, and sold, id. per last, and for foreign

count of the quantity, C

inspector to

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 3o. 271

paid to the receiver-general of his majesty's customs, and, after such payment made, the said inspector of corn returns, or any deputy executing such office as aforesaid, their heirs, executors, administrators, and successors, shall be for ever discharged and exonerated.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Lord mayor, the said lord mayor and aldermen, at any sessions held in the C may order months of Aprils July, October, and January, yearly, for the said ^n^0ned city, to inquire into and examine the said inspector of corn re imp0fttion of turns, or the deputy then executing the said office as aforesaid, and id. and zd. he is hereby required to declare and make known whether any of Per. to be the said corn fadlors or importers as aforesaid have negledfed or^1*

refused to pay and discharge (the same having been demanded) any sum or sums of money from him due and owing on account of the said penny charged on British corn, or twopence on foreign corn, per last, by him so sold and delivered, or so imported, as the case may be, and in case the same shall upon due proof and hearing appear, to the satisfaction of the court, then it shall be lawful for the lord mayor, or any two aldermen, by warrant of distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the party so neglecting or refusing, to cause to be levied such sum of money as shall be thereupon due and owing, and, after rendering the overplus (if any) to the party whose goods shall be so distrained and sold (the charges of such distress and sale being nrfl deducted) the money so levied shall be paid over to the said inspector of corn returns, or his deputy then executing the said office, to be accounted for as herein directed and required.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Exportation That the exportation and importation of corn, and of the other \

articles herein before mentioned, and the payment of the duty on other distriss foreign corn, meal, and flour imported, and of the bounty on in England to British corn and the other articles herein before mentioned ex be regulated ported in the eleven other districts of that part of Great Britain by the prices called England', shall be governed and regulated in each district by |feje ens the prices of each sort of corn and oatmeal taken in the manner tioned; herein after mentioned, in the several cities and towns herein after named; (that is to say). In the second of the said districts, from the prices taken in the following cities and towns; Ipswich,

Woodbridge, Sudbury, Haddeigh, Siowmarket, Bury Saint Edmunds,

Beccles, Bungay, Lozvsjhft, Cambridge, Ely, and Wisbeach: in the third of the said districts, from the prices taken in the following cities and towns; Norwich, Yarmouth, Lynn, Thetford, Watt on,

Wymondham, East Dereham, Harleston, Holt, Aylesham, Fakenham, and Walfngham: in the fourth of the said districts, from the prices taken in the following cities and towns; Lincoln, Gainsborough, Glamfordbridge, Lowth, Bo ft on, Sleaford, Stamford, Spalding, York,

Bridlington, Beverley, Howden, Hull, Whitby, and New Malton: in the fifth of the said districts, from the prices taken in the following cities and towns; Durham, Stockton, Darlington, S under land, Barnard Castle, Wolfingham, Bel ford, Hexham, Newcastle upon Tyne, Morpeth, Alnwick, and Berwick upon Tweed: in the sixth of

u the

2j2 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1791.

the said districts, from the prices taken in the following citfes and towns; Carlisle, Whitehaven, Cockermouth, Penrith, Appleby, and Burton: in the seventh of the said distridfs, from the prices taken in the following cities and towns; Liverpool', Vlverstone, Lancaster, P rest on, Ormskirk, Warrington, Manchester, Bolton, Chester, nant with, Macclesfield and Stockport: in the eighth of the said distfidls, from the prices taken in the following cities and towns; Holywell, Mould, Denbigh, Wrexham, Tymawr, Llangolien, Beaumaris, llan nerchymed, Amlwch, Carnarvon, Pwhelli, Conway, Bala, Corwen, and Dolgelly: in the ninth of the said districts, from the prices taken in the following cities and towns; Cardigan, Lampeter, Aberystwith, Pembroke, Fifioguard, Haverfiordwest, Carmarthen, llandilo, kedwiuy, Swansea, Neath, and Cowbridge: in the tenth of the said districts, from the prices taken in the following cities and towns; Gloucester, Cirencester, Pet bury. Stow on the Wold, Tewk fibury, Daunt on, Wells, Bridgewater, From, Wellington, Monmouth, Abergavenny, Chepstow, Pontypool, and Bristol: in the eleventh of the said distridfs, from the prices taken in the following cities and towns; Exeter, Barnstaple, Plymouth, Totness, Tavistock, Kingsbridge, Truro, Bodmin, Launceston, Redruth, Helstone, and Saint Auftelh and in the twelfth of the said distridfs, from the prices taken in the following cities and towns; Blandford, Bridport, Dorchester, sher bone, Lime Regis, Wareham, Winchester, Andover, Basingstoke, fare ham, Gosport, Newport, Ringwood, Southampton, and Portsmouth for each of

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That th justices of the countie's^cept peace for the several and respective maritime counties, and for the themselves) ridings or divisions thereof, at their general quarter sessions to be

the justices held after the feast of Saint John the Baptist, one thousand seven

in session are hundred and ninety one, or at any adjournment thereof, or at in^edor^ofn ^ome lu^ecluent sessions, hall, and they are hereby authorised and com returns reclu*red to appoint such personas to them shall appear bell: qualified for that purpose within their respective jurisdictions, (not being a miller, maltster, fadter, merchant, clerk, agent, or other person buying corn for sale, or for the sale of meal, flour, malt, or bread made thereof), residing within or near each and every of the cities of towns so nominated as aforesaid, except such cities or towns as are counties of themselves, or as have or enjoy an exempt jurisdiction, and which do not contribute to the rate of the county, riding, or division in which they are situated, to collect weekly an account of the prices and quantities of the several sorts of corn and of oatmeal sold and delivered in such city or town; and the person so to be appointed shall be called infipeslor oficorn Returns for such city or town; and the said justices shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, in the same manner, from time to time, upon the death, removal, or resignation of any such in spector, at their next ensuing sessions of the peace, or at some subsequent sessions, to appoint some other fit and proper personas aforesaid, to be inspector of corn returns for such city or town, and for such

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the mayor, or other as are counties chief officer, and the justices of the peace, of every such city or the mayor, town herein before nominated as is a county of itself, or has or J*enjoys

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. 273

enjoys an exempt jurisdiction, and which doth not contribute to 2pplnt the rate of the county, riding, or division, in which it is situated, in at the general quarter sessions of such city or town respectively to be held after the feast of Saint John the Baptist, one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, or at any adjournment thereof, or at some subsequent session, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, in like manner to appoint such personas to them shall appear best qualified for that purpose, (not being a miller, maltster, factor, merchant, clerk, agent, or other person buying corn for sale, or for the sale of meal, flour, malt, or bread made thereof), residing within or near such city or town, jo collect weekly an account of the prices and quantities of the several sorts of corn, and of oatmeal, sold and delivered in such city or town; and the person so to be appointed shall be called Inspector of Corn Returns for such city or town; and the said mayor or other chief officer and justices shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, in the same manner, from time to time, upon the death, removal, or resignation of any such inspector, to appoint some other fit and proper personas aforesaid, to be inspector of corn returns for such city or town.

L And be it further enacted, That the said justices of the suchinspec several maritime counties herein before mentioned, and the said Amoved mayor or other chief magistrate, and justices of the peace, ofnci n case Of every such city or town before mentioned as is a county of itself, death orrcfig or has or enjoys an exempt jurisdiction as aforesaid, shall, at their nation, other respective quarter sessions, or at any adjournment thereof, have ^rans01^j power to remove any inspector appointed as aforesaid, for mif toafftilhhe behaviour or neglect of duty, on complaint being made before quarter ief them on oath of such misbehaviour or neglect of duty, by anyone fions. credible witness; which oath such justices and mayor, or other chief officer, are and is hereby authorised to administer, or on like complaint made in writing, and signed by the said receiver of corn returns directed herein after to be appointed: provided always, That in case the death or resignation of any such inspector shall happen at any time previous to the holding such quarter session, it shall be lawful for two justices of the peace acting for such county, riding, or division, or for the mayor or other chief officer of such city or town as is a county of itself, or has or enjoys an exempt jurisdiction as aforesaid, to appoint some other fit and proper personas aforesaid, in the place of such inspector so dying or resigning; which person shall execute the office of inspector of corn returns until the next general quarter sessions of the peace.

HAND be it further enacted, That every person so appointed Inspectors to inspector of corn returns as aforesaid shall, previous to his taking the

upon him the said office, take and subscribe, before any onejuf 5

tice of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, or town, where he shall reside, the following oath, (or, being of the people called Quakers, affirm which oath (or affirmation) such justice is hereby authorised and required to administer

I A. Ba

274 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1791.

Oath. T A.B. do swear, [or ajfirmf 'that I will at all times make due

A and true returns to the receiver of corn returns appointed by virtue oj ai ad, passed in the shirty first year of the reign of King George the 'ibird, intituled, [Here set forth the title of the act], of the weekly quantities and prices of coni and oatmeal at the market held at

according to the accounts delivered to me by the several dealers in corn and oatmeal at the said market, and that will use my bcjl endeavours to procure true accounts cf such quantities and prices from such dealers, and in all things, to the be ft of my kill and judgement, conform myself, as inspector of corn returns to the directions of the said act.

Dealers in

LII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as inspectors of

to return to corn returns shall have been appointed in manner herein before

the inipedors, mentioned, all miliers, maitfters, factors, merchants, clerks,

accounts of agents, and other persons being dealers in corn for sale, or for the

the quantities sale of meal, flour, malt, or bread made thereof, 'shall, and they

boug it y afe hereby required to return or cause to be returned, to the said them m each.

week, See. inspector 01 corn returns for the city or town whereat they shall

respectively buy any corn or oatmeal, an account in writing, signed with their own name, of the quantities of each respective sort of corn and of oatmeal, so by them bought and received during any week, on the first market day in the week then next ensuing, with the prices thereof, and by what measure or weight

the same was bought; in default whereof, every such miller,

maltster, fadfor, merchant, clerk, agent, or other person, being a dealer in corn as aforesaid, shall for every such neglect forfeit and

pay a sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than forty shillings.

and to make

LIII. And be it further enacted, That every miller, maltster,

the following fa*or? merchant, clerk, agent, or other person being a dealer in

corn for sale, or for the sale of meal, flour, malt, or bread made

thereof, thall, within ore calendar month after the feast of Saint John the Baptist, one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, or after that time within one calendar month from the time he shall begin to deal in corn or oatmeal, in any city or town before

mentioned, make declaration in the form following; that is to say:

Declaration IT A.B. do hereby declare, That the returns of the quantities and A prices of British corn and oatmeal, which henceforward ft) a ll be by me bought and received, shall, to the best of my knowledge and belief be true and Just, and, to the best of my\judgement, conformable to the directions of an aid, passed in the thirty frft year of the' reign of his mayfly King George the Third, intituled, [Here set forth the title of the act.]

which is to be Which declaration shall be in writing, and shall besubscribed with hdlicerclto^e of such miller, maltster, factor, merchant, clerk, agent,

filed by the or other person being a. dealer in corn for sale, or for the sale of clerks of the meal, flour, malt, or bread made thereof, and shall be by them or peace. their agents respectively forthwith delivered to a justice of the

under the Hand clivision, city.

co

under th

penalty

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. 275

peace for the respective county, riding, division, city, or town, within any of the above described districts, who is hereby required to certify the same to, and such certificate is hereby required to be filed by, the clerk of the peace for the county, riding, or division, or by the town clerk of such city or town respectively; and in case any perfoa shall buy corn of any sort or Penalty for oatmeal, for sale as aforesaid, without having made the said dec!a aftingwithout ration, or shall wilfully make a false return of the quantities and prices, such person shall for every such neglect, and for every such orm'kvn?iilfe false return, forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor returns. 5 less than forty billings.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That every such inspector Inspector to shall duly and regularly enter, in a book or books to be'provided nt rthe ao and kept for that purpose, the several accounts of the quantities qy^p^ti^and and prices of corn and oatmeal, returned to him by the respective prices or corn dealers, which said book or books shall not be made public or returns'! to shown by the said inspector, or with his privity or consent, to any ^7 by the person whatsoever, uriless called for or required by the said ree "eri ceiver of corn returns, or by an order in writing of one justice of the peace for the county, rid in or town, in which such inspector shall reside

and forfeiture of the sum of twenty pounds: and every such in and return to spedior shall return to the receiver of corn returns herein after the receiver of appointed, on the Tuesday in each week, an account of the weekly coin !etuins

J ry, r, r r, r \ weekly, ail

quantities and prices or the several lorts or corn and or oatmeal account of sold and delivered in the city or town for which he is appointed the quantities inspector, according to the returns so made to him, on pain of and prices of forfeiting for every such neglect the sum of ten pounds; which ac coin count final 1 be lodged, with, and remain in the custody of, the said" " of corn returns, for the purposes of this act.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the said receiver of corn Receiver of returns shall, and he is hereby required, at the end of every week, com returns to make up, compute, and distinguish, from and upon the returns by him received, pursuant to the directions of this act, in the the^awnvynte week immediately preceding, an account of the general aggregate quantifies "and. quantities, according to the respective measures in table ), and prices of each prices of each respective sort of British corn and oatmeal that shall sort appear to have been sold and delivered in and during such week, iia

in each respective district, the account of which returns, and of each distriedt the said aggregate quantities and prices, he is hereby required to weekly, and enter in a book or books to be kept for that purpose, and there transmit the from to make up and compute the average price of each respective t^tii^collec -- sort of corn and oatmeal sold and delivered during such week; and tors of the the said receiver of corn returns is hereby directed, without de customsatthe lay, to transmit to the collectors, or other chief officers of the several ports customs for the time being, of the several ports or places within ^riefo^ex^ each such district, a certificate of the average prices of each re portation, spective sort of British corn lo made up and computed from the returns of such distriidl, and the said respective collectors, and other chief officers are hereby required to receive and enter the same in a book or books to be kept for that purpose, and to cause

and also to make up like accounts at the times herein l'peci fied, anatranf mit the ave

276 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30.

[1791."

a copy thereof to be hung up in some public place in the customhouse thereto belonging, to which all persons may resort; and the exportation of each sort of British corn, and other articles as aforesaid, and the payment of the bounty thereon within that district, hall be governed and regulated by such average prices, in manner herein before directed, until new average prices shall in like manner be made up and computed, and a certificate thereof shall! be transmitted to such collectors or chief officers, and be by them received.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the said receiver of corn returns shall, and he is hereby required, within seven days after the fifteenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, and within seven days after the fifteenth day of February, the fifteenth day of May, the fifteenth day of August, and the fifteenth day of November, in each and every succeeding the said^ol^0 year' to make up, compute, and distinguish from and upon the ledtors as the last weekly returns by him received, pursuant to the directions rule for im of this acts, immediately preceding such respective periods, an ac portation, C count of the general aggregate quantities according to the respective measures in table ZAND prices of each respective sort of British corn and of oatmeal that hall appear to have been sold and delivered in and during such six weeks in each respective dif trids, an account of which returns, and the said aggregate quantities and price he is hereby required to enter in a book or books to be kept for that purpose and therefrom to make-up and compute the average prices of each respective sort of corn and of oatmeal sold and delivered, during the several periods before mentioned, within each respective district; and the said receiver of corn returns is hereby directed, without delay, to transmit to the collectors or other chief officers of the customs of the several ports or places in each district, a certificate of the average prices of the several sorts of corn and of oatmeal made up and computed from the returns of such district, and the said respective collectors, and other chief officers, are hereby required to receive and enter the same in a book or books to be kept for that purpose, and to cause a copy thereof to be hung up in some public place in the customhouse thereto belonging, to which all persons may resort 5 and the importation of each sort of foreign corn, meal, and Sour, and the payment of the duty thereon within that district, shall be governed and regulated by such average prices in the manner here in before directed, until new average prices shall, in like manner, he made up and computed, and a certificate thereof be transmitted to such collectors, or other chief officers, and be by them received.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the importation of foreign corn, meal, and flour, and the payment of the duties thereon, and the exportation of British corny and of the other articles herein before mentioned, and the payment of the bounty thereon, shall be governed and regulated in each of the districts in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by the prices of each sort of corn of oatmeal, taken in the manner

Importation and exportation of corn, See. to be regulated in Scotland by the prices taken in the

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. 277

ner herein after mentioned; (that is to say) the sheriff depute of manner here each of the counties, and the steward depute of the stewartry in m pre cnbed* Scotland herein before mentioned, or his substitute, respectively, shall, on the fifteenth day of the month of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, and on the fifteenth day of every succeeding month, or within three days thereafter, convene in open court, at the usual court place, at twelve of the clock midday, before him, a jury of not more than seven, or less than five, good and lawful men of his county or stewartry, not being buyers of corn or oatmeal for sale, of whom two shall be chosen from among the freeholders or of of supply, and two from among the farmers of land, and the remaining number from among the reputable inhabitants carrying on trade or business in some town in that county or stewartry, to six and determine, upon oath, the weekly market prices of the several sorts of middling British corn and oatmeal, as the same were commonly bought and sold in that county or stewartry in each of the four weeks then last preceding, according to the evidence to be adduced of the said prices in manner herein after directed; and the said lheriif or steward depute or substitute shall, in the presence of the jury so convened, proceed forthwith to take proof of the weekly market prices of middling briti/i) wheat, rye, peas, beans, barley, beer or bigg, oats, and oatmeal, as the same were commonly bought and sold within that county or stewartry in each of the said four weeks, by examining upon oath, as many persons resident therein, and skilful in the prices of corn and oatmeal, who are, by the said sheriff or steward depute or substitute, to be convened before him for that purpose, as shall be necessary for complete evidence of the weekly prices aforesaid, and thereupon the said jury shall, by an instrument in writing, under the hands of the major part of them, six and determine the weekly market prices of wheat, rye, peas, beans, barley, beer or bigg, oats, and oatmeal, as the same were commonly bought and sold within that county or stewartry in each of the said four weeks, distinguishing therein all the prices of each of the said Several sorts of corn, and of oatmeal, in each of the said four weeks; of which weekly prices Account to be so fixed and determined the said sheriff or steward depute or Tub efver of

stitute shall forthwith return an exact and distinct account, under corn return his hand, to the receiver of corn returns at lo?idony to be appoint at London, of ed in manner herein after directed, and every such return shall the prices, be lodged with and remain in the custody of the said receiver of fixed the corn returns, for the purposes of this act: provided always, That measures and every such jury shall fix and determine the prices of corn and weights used oatmeal as aforesaid by the same measures and weights as such in each re corn and oatmeal is respectively bought and sold by in each re [pe<^vce coun" respective county or stewartry; and that the sheriff or steward de^or substitute, in his return to be made and transmitted as herein before directed, shall state the prices in like manner, and shall also compute therefrom, and state in his said returns, the prices of such corn by the buftiel commonly called The ivinchef ter Bushely and the price of such oatmeal by the boll of one hundred

278 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1791.

and twenty-eight pounds Scotch troy or one hundred and forty pounds avoirdupois: provided also, That the prices of corn and oatmeal shall be fixed and determined in manner aforesaid at glass goiu in the county of Lanark, and at faijjey in the county of ren frevj, and at Thurso in the county of Caiihmfs, and at the county towns in the other counties in Scotland, and not at any other town or towns in the said respective counties: provided also, Depositions of That the depositions of the per sobs to be examined touching the witness^prices of corn and oatmeal, pursuant to this act, shall be taken in ce^tohe are' 'wr*ins> anc na- by them, and by the aid foe riff or served as re steward depute or substitute, and shall, together with the deter cords. mi nation of the jury thereupon, be preserved as matter of record

by the flier iff cr toward clerk or that county or stewartry, who hall give extracts thereof to all persons demanding the same, upon payment of the like fees as are exigible for extracts of judicial proceedings.

Sheriff may

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That every sheriff or steward compel evi depute or substitute, in Scotland, shall have and exercise the like auend to Powers or compelling the attendance of any person to give evidence respecting the prices of corn and oatmeal, or to serve on any jury for fixing and determining the said prices, pursuant to this at, as he has or may lawfully exercise to compel the attendance of witnesses or jurymen upon the trial of any criminal in didlment before him.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any sheriff or steward depute, or if any sheriff or steward substitute. in the absence of the respective sheriff or steward depute, shall neglect, or omit, or delay to cause the prices of corn or oatmeal to be fixed and determined in the manner directed by this act, upon the respective days herein before appointed, or within three days thereafter, or shall not forthwith, after the fixing and determining thereof, return or transmit to the said receiver of corn returns such state of the prices so fixed and determined as is herein before directed, every such sheriff or steward depute or substitute respectively shall for every such neglect forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the said receiver of corn returns shall, 2nd he is hereby required within ten days after the and^'b month*ft^eenth day of the month of November one thousand seven hun jv, the re dred and ninety one, and within ten days after the fifteenth day ceiver of corn of every succeeding month, to make up from the lad monthly re returns to turns by him received from each sheriff or steward depute or fub cotintto/ff e fthute, an account of the weekly prices of corn contained in the weekly prices said laid monthly returns, within each respective district of Scotland of corn in each distinguishing therein the price of each sort of corn, in each week, didridim^jn each county or stewartry comprehended in each districts, an t' ?transnutthe account of which returns he is hereby required to enter in a book average prices or books to be kept for that purpefe, and therefrom to make up of the la ft and compute the average price of each respective fort'of corn,

f to f16 four weeks, within each respective difiridtp and the customs at t, northeast Lid receiver of corn returns is hereby directed forthwith to the i'cveral transmit to the collectors or other chief officers of the customs for the

Penalty on sherifjfs not canting the prices to be fixed, C

Within ten days after Tov, 1791,

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. 279

the time being, of the federal ports within each such aiftricft of ports therein, Scotland a certificate of the average prices of the several sorts of the giude corn so made up and computed from the returns cf such diiirict; ta

and the said respective collectors, and other chief officers, are; hereby required to receive and enter the same in a book or books to be kept for that purpose, and to cause a copy thereof to be hung up in some public place in the cupcom house thereto belonging, to which all persons may resort, and the exportation of each sort of British corn, and of the other articles as aforesaid, and the payment of the bounty thereon within that distri<3:, hall be governed and regulated by such average prices in the manner herein before directed, until new average prices hall in like manner be made up and computed, and a certificate thereof shall be transmitted to such collectors or chief officers, and be by them received.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the said receiver of and also to corn returns shall, and he is hereby required, within ten days make up like after the fifteenth day of November one thousand seven hundred the times and ninety one, and within ten days after the fifteenth day of herein i'pecifi jfebruary, the fifteenth day of May, the fifteenth day of August, ed, and trans and the fifteenth day of November, in each and every succeeding rnit the ave year, to make up from the two last monthly returns by him re and oat ceived from each sheriff or Reward depute or substitute, pursuant meal for the to the directions of this act, immediately preceding such respective laid six weeks periods, an account of the weekly prices of corn and oatmeal, in to the said the last six weeks comprised in the said two returns, within each the rutefor* of the districts of Scotland herein before described, distinguishing importation, therein the price of each sort of corn, and of oatmeal, in each C week, in each county or stewartry comprehended in each district an account of which returns he is hereby required to enter in a book or books to be kept for that purpose, and therefrom to make up and compute the average price of each respective sort of corn, and of oatmeal, during the said six weeks, within each respective district; and the said receiver of corn returns is hereby directed forthwith to transmit to the collectors or other chief officers of the customs, for the time being, of the several ports in each district, a certificate of the average prices of the several sorts of corn, and of oatmeal, made up and computed from the returns of such dif trit, and the respective collectors, or other chief officers, are hereby required to receive and enter the same in a book or books to be kept for that purpose, and to cause a copy thereof to be hung up in some public place in the customhouse thereto belonging, to which all persons may resort, and the importation of each sort of foreign corn, meal, and flour, and the payment of the duty thereon, within that dill rid, shall be governed and regulated by such average prices, in the manner herein before directed, until new average prices shall in like manner be made up and computed, and a certificate thereof transmitted to such cou Jedlors, or other chief officers, and be by them received.

LXII. And whereas it will be highly useful that cm account [hold be obtained of the prices at which the several sorts of corn and of oat meal are sold in the several inland and other counties of this kingdom,

a8o

Accounts of the prices of corn to be taken in the several places herein mentioned;

for each of which an inspector of corn returns to be appointed, canno

regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1791.

from which returns of the prices of corn and of oatmeal are not herein bfore directed to be made, in order that a regifer thereof may be formed and published, for the information and benefit of his majesty's Jitbjefts', be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the prices of each sort of corn and of oatmeal shall be taken in the manner herein after di reed, in the several cities and towns within the counties, ridings, and divisions, herein after named; (that is to say); in the county of Essex \ Colchester, and Rumford: in the county of Kent; Maidstone, Canterbury, and Dartford: in the county of Sussex; Chichester, Lewes, and Rye: in the county of Berks; Reacting, Newbury, and Windsor: in the county of Bedford; Bedford, Woobum, and Pott on: in the county of Buckingham; Aylesbury, Wycomb, and Newport Pagnell: in the county of Derby; Derby, Chesterfield, and ashburn; in the county of Hertford; Hertford, Bishops _ and Roy ft on: in the county of Hereford; Hereford, Leominster, and Ross: in the county of Huntingdon; Huntingdon, Saint Ives, and Saint Neofs:

in the county of Leicester Leicester, ashby de la-zouch, and Hinckley: in the county of Middlesex; Stains, and Brentford; in the county of Northampton; Northampton, Wellingborough, and Peterborough: in the county of Nottingham \ Nottingham, Newark, and Mansfield: in the county of Oxford; Burford, Henley, and Oxford: in the county of Rutland; Oakham and Upping ham: in the county of Salop, Ludlow, Shrewsbury, and Whitchurch: in the county of Stafford; Newcastle, Stafford, and Burton upon Trent: in the county of Surrey; Croydon, Kingston, and Reigate: in the county of Warwick; Coventry, Warwick, and Birmingham: in the county of Worcester; Worcester, Evesham, and Kidderminster: in the county of Wilts sali/bury. Devizes, and Marlborough: in the west riding of the county of Leeds, Halifax, and Doncaster: in the county of Brecon; Brecknock and Builthj. in the county of Montgomery; Montgomery and Pool: in the county of Radnor; Knighton and P rest eigne,

LXIII. And be it enacted, That the justices of the peace for every such county, riding, or division last mentioned, and the mayor or other chief officer, and justices of the peace, of every such last mentioned city or town, which is a county of itself, or has or enjoys an exempt jurisdiction, and which does not contribute to the rate of the county, riding, or division in which it is situated, at their general quarter sessions to be held after the feast of Saint John the Baptist, one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, or at any adjournment thereof, or at some subsequent sessions, shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to appoint such personas shall appear to them best qualified for that purpose, within their respective jurisdictions, not being a miller, maltster, factor, merchant, clerk, agent, or other person dealing in corn for sale, or for the sale of meal, flour, malt, or bread made thereof, residing within or near each and every of the cities or towns so nominated as aforesaid, to collect weekly an account of the average prices of each fort: of corn, and of oatmeal fojd in such city or town, and the person so to be appointed shall be called

28i

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii IIIl. CI 30.

Inspector of Corn Returns for such city or town respectively; the said justices, and mayor or other chief officer send justices, shall, and they are hereby required, in the same manner, from time to time, upon the death, removal, or resignation of any such inspector, to appoint some other fit and proper personas aforesaid, to be inspector of corn returns for such city or town; and until such appointment can be made at the sessions as before directed, two justices of any such county, riding, or division, and the mayor or other chief officer of any such city or town, may, upon such vacancy, appoint an inspector in the same manner as is herein before provided with respect to the inspectors for the cities and towns in the said maritime counties Upon any such vacancy.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That every such inspector, Suchinspeo* before he enters on the execution of his office, Thai take the fol tors to take lowing oath, or, being of the people called Quakerr, affirm, thefo videlicet:

I A.B. do wear, (or affirtn), 'That I will, at all tines, make due Oath.

and true returns to the receiver of corn returns appointed by virtue of an act passed in the thirty first year of his majesty King George the 'third, entitled [Here let forth the title of the al], of the average prices of each sort of corn and of oatmealfold at the market held at; and that I will in all things, to the best of

my skill and judgement, conform myself as inspector of corn returns, to the directions, of the said ati.

Which oafh or affirmation, any one justice of the peace of every such county, riding, or division, or the mayor or other chief officer in such city or town, is hereby authorised and required to administer; and every such inspector shall and may be removed in Such inspec the same manner, and for the same causes as is herein before tors may be directed with respect to the inspectors for the cities and towns in removed. the said maritime counties.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That every such inspector Such inspee shall duly and regularly enter in a book or books to be provided there

and kept for that purpose, an account of the average weekly prices Ceiver of corn of each sort of corn and of oatmeal according to the respective returns, a measures in table D, and shall return to the receiver of corn re weekly ac turns herein after to be appointed, on the Tuesday in each week, count of an account of the average weekly prices of the several sorts of of con and corn and of oatmeal sold in the city or town for which he is ap oatmeal fold pointed inspector, on pain of forfeiting, for every neglect therein, in theirrespec the sum of ten pounds; which account shall be lodged with, and remain in the custody of the said receiver of corn returns for the y purposes of this act. '

LX

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said receiver of Receiver of corn returns shall, and he is hereby required to enter such returns corn r^turns

*j \ to C'llllc HU

of the said prices of each sort of corn and of oatmeal received from abstract of the the counties, cities, and towns herein before la ft mentioned, average prices fairly in a book or books to be kept for that purpose, and ortce in to he inftrted every week to cause an abstract of the average prices made up ^ynd

anc trail smit cer

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii IIIl. C 30. [ 179r

tifi cates of the and computed in manner herein before respectively directed from all the returns received, as well from the several districts of the said maritime counties of Great Britain, as from the counties, cities, and towns herein before last mentioned, to be published in the London Gazette, in the manner and form that shall be approved by the lords of his majesty's moll honourable privy council, appointed for the consideration of all matters relating to trade and foreign plantations; and shall, four times in every year, transmit a certificate to the treasurer of each respective county, riding, division, and stewartry, and the lord mayor and aldermen of the city of London, and to the mayor, or other chief magistrate of such cities and towns as are counties of themselves, or have or enjoy exempt jurisdiction, and which do not contribute to the rate of the county, riding, or division in which they are situated, of the returns which have been made by the several persons appointed to make the same, within each such county, riding, division or stewartry, city or town respectively; and also whether such returns have been regularly made, according to the directions of this act.

Places for

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the justices of

taking the the peace at any quarter sessions hall think it necessary or expc  0^ dient that any other cities or towns should be appointed either in changed with t^le maritime counties, ridings, or divisions, or in the counties, the approba ridings or divisions last mentioned, in that part of the united tien of the kingdom called England, for taking the prices of corn and oat king in coun mea[ in 1tjanner herein before directed, in (lead of any of the cities or towns named in this act, and such justices, at their said sessions, shall direct a representarion to be made to his Majesty for the above purpose, such city or town so proposed and named by them in such representation, mail, upon the approbation of his Majesty in council being signified to them, be deemed to be and become a city or town for taking the prices of corn and oatmeal, in manner herein before directed, instead of any of the cities or towns proposed by them to be omitted.

Returns from

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if returns con two thirds of formable to the directions of this act shall be made to the receiver caclftfiftri^1 corn returns) from not less tian two thirds of the cities or to be sufficient towns from which returns are to be made in each respective differ forming tridl of that part of Great Britain called England or from not less

the average than two thirds of the counties or stewartry from which returns

?11CCS' are to be made in each respective district of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, such number of returns made conformable to the directions of this al in every such district, hall be deemed to be sufficient for forming the average prices by such receiver of corn returns, for the purposes of governing and regulating the importation of foreign corn, meal, and flour, and the payment, of the duty thereon, and the exportation of British corn, and other articles, as aforesaid, and payment of the bounty thereon in every such district.

average

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case a sufficient districts whfth nurn^er returns, conformable to the directions of this act, shall

rtturns received, four times in the year, to the county treasurer, C

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 283

not be made from any one or more of the before mentioned dif have sent re. so as to enable the receiver of corn returns to compute and Jranfmlttecfa# make up the average prices of corn and of oatmeal for such dif tpe gujcje f0[. tricsk or districts, in manner herein before directed; or in case no importation, copy of the account of the average prices of the several sorts of c in the dif" corn and of oatmeal, sold and delivered within the city of London, and suburbs thereof, be transmitted to the receiver of corn returns clent returns by the inspecfor appointed for the said city of London, in manner have not been herein before airedded, the said receiver of corn returns hall, and received, che is hereby authorised and required, in every such case, to compute, from the quantities and prices of the several sorts of corn and of oatmeal in jthe accounts returned to him from all the other parts of the kingdom, the average price of each sort of corn and of oatmeal, and to transmit a certificate thereof to the collectors or chief officers of the ports of every such distried, from which sufficient returns, conformable to the directions of this act, shall not have been made, and according to such average prices contained in such certificate, the importation of corn, meal, and flour, and payment of the duty thereon, and the exportation of com, and of the other articles, as aforesaid, and the payment of the bounty thereon, shall be governed and regulated in every such diidridl till a new certificate, conformable to the directions of this at, shall be transmitted to such collectors or chief officers, and be by them received.

LXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That his Majesty, his heirs and successors, be, and he and they When the paris and are hereby authorised, with the advice of his or their privy fiament is not council, at any time when parliament is not.fitting, and when the sitting, if the average price of any sort of corn or of oatmeal, taken from the of^ylort^ returns of the whole kingdom, is higher than the price at or or corn, above which foreign corn, meal, or flour of the same sort is al Should

lowed by law*to be imported at the low duties specified in the that at

table marked), to prohibit generally, for a limited time, the expor w^ch the tation from this kingdom of any sort of corn, or other articles, as same sort of aforesaid, and in like manner to permit generally the importation, foreign corn on the lowed: duties then payable, of any sort of foreign corn, meat, ^tj^oitthe or flour; and in like manner torecal such prohibition, or permission, low duties in if circumstances shall appear so to require; and if any person shall table D, the import or export any corn, or other articles, as aforesaid, conking in conn trary to such prohibition or permission of his Majesty, by and ^ive^xjrta^1* with the advice of his privy council, the person so importing or tien, C exporting the same shall be Subject and liable to the like forfeitures and penalties, and the said corn, or other articles, and the ship or vessel in which the same shall be imported or exported, shall be subject and liable to the like forfeitures as if the said corn, or other articles, were imported or exported contrary to the provisions of this or any other ast: provided always, That as often as the importation of any sort of corn, meal, or flour, on the low duties, shall be permitted by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, by and with the advice of his or their privy council, such permission shall

234 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1791.

continue in force for the space of three months, at least, from the date of the order of council made for that purpose.

Prohibition

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the

not to extend power hereby granted to his Majesty, his heirs and successors,

with the advice of his or their privy council, to prohibit the excorn imported.

and ware portation from this Kingdom of any sort of corn, or other articles,

lieufed. as aforesaid, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to any foreign corn, meal, or flour, that shall have been imported, and shall be warehoused in manner, and on the conditions hereinbefore mentioned.

His Majesty in council may, in the cales before mentioned, permit the carrying coastwise, cof corn, as is herein before allowed when the exportation is prohibited on account of the prices being at or above the prices in table B.

LXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in every such case it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with the advice of his or their privy council, to permit the carrying coastwise, or carrying out, or the exportation of the several sorts of corn, and other articles herein before mentioned, for any of the purposes before mentioned, in like manner, and in the same proportions and quantities, and from and to the same ports and places as is herein before allowed at such times as any of the several sorts of corn, or other articles before mentioned, are prohibited to be exported by reason of the price of any such sort of corn being at ox above the price mentioned in table By subject to the like securities, conditions, regulations, and restrictions, forfeitures and penalties, as are required and imposed by this act, or by any other act now in force, in any of the cases hereinbefore mentioned.

Copies of orders in council to be laid before parliament.

How inspectors in England are to be paid.

LXXIII. And be it enacted, That copies of such orders, made by his Majesty in council for the purposes aforesaid, be laid before both houses of parliament within fourteen days after the meeting of the next session of parliament.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the inspectors appointed in pursuance of this act, in the several before mentioned counties, ridings, and divisions of that part of Great Britain called England.) shall be paid quarterly, out of the county rates for every such county, riding, or division, by the treasurer thereof, and the inspectors of every such city or town which is a county of itself, or has or enjoys an exempt jurisdiction, and which does not contribute to the rate of the county, riding, or division, in which it is situated, shall be paid in like manner quarterly from the poor rates, by the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the several parishes or townships within such city or town, and the jurisdiction thereof, (the contribution from the respective parishes or townships to be apportioned by the mayor or other chief officer of such city or town, with liberty to the churchwardens and overseers of any such parish or township, if they shall object to such apportionment, to appeal to the next quarter sessions of the peace for such city or towil), a sum not exceeding five billings, for each return from any city or town in the maritime counties of that part of Great Britain called England certified to the treasurer of such county, riding, or division, or to the mayor or other chief magistrate of such city or town, by the receiver of

corn

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. 285

corn returns, to have been properly made; and a sum not exceeding two Shillings for each return from any of the cities or towns in the several inland or other counties last before mentioned, and so certified to have been properly made; which certificates the said receiver of corn returns is hereby required to make quarterly; except in such cases where such justices in such county, riding, or division, or mayor or other chief officer or justices in such city or townhall think some larger compensation shall be necessaryin consideration of the great trouble to which any such inspector shall be subject: which sums of money any such treasurer, and such churchwardens and overseers of the poor, after the apportionment has been made between the respective parishes, in manner before directed, is and are hereby authorised and required to pay, upon' receiving such certificate, and the same shall be allowed in their respective accounts; and that the afld sheriffs sheriff depute of the counties, and the steward depute of the stewartry, or his substitute, in that part of Great Britain called

Scotian shall be entitled to receive quarterly, out of the public rate or cess of every such county or stewartry, a sum not exceeding twenty Shillings for each monthly return, certified by the receiver of corn returns to the treasurer of such county or stewartry, to have been properly made according to the directions of this acts, by every such sheriff depute, steward depute, or substitute, for defraying the charges incurred in making such returns, which sums of money the treasurer of every such county or stewartry is hereby authorised and required to pay, upon receiving such certificate, and the same shall be allowed in his account.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said receiver of Receiver of corn returns shall, at the end of every year, transmit to the re transmit19^ ceiver general of his majesty's customs in England, a certificate the end of of the number of returns which have been properly made to him each year, a according to the directions of this act, in the course of every such certificate of year, from every county, riding, division, city, or town which ^urn^he has are counties of themselves, or have and enjoy exempt jurisdiction ftcejvec|, to as aforesaid respectively, in that part of Great Britain called Eng the receiver land; and he shall, in like manner, transmit to the receiver ge general of the neral of his majesty's customs in Scotland, a certificate of the , ft?and and number of returns which have been properly made to him, ac Scotland recording to the directions of this act, in the course of every such spectively, year, from every county, and the stewartry in that part of Great who are to Britain called Scotland respectively; and such receiver-general of the customs in England shall, on an order from the commis cedby the sioners of the customs, or any four of them, forthwith repay, out county trea of the moneys in his hands, arising from the duties on foreign furers, C corn, meal, and flour imported (an account of which duties he is to keep separate, and to retain in his hands so much of the produce thereof as shall be sufficient for that purpose) to the treasurers of the several maritime counties, ridings, or divisions of that part of Great Britain called England, and to the mayor or other chief officer of the cities or towns locally situated within the said counties, that are counties of themselves, or have and

enjoy

County treasurers, C to dispose of the money so received, in the manner herein mentioned.

If the duties on. foreign corn imported are insufficient to make the aforesaid repayment, the receiver-general to make up the deficiency.

Treasury to appoint a receiver of corn returns;

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1791.

enjoy an exempt jurisdiction as aforesaid, a sum not exceeding five Shillings for every return certified to him by the said receiver of corn returns to have been properly made according to the directions of this acr in the collide of every such year, by the inspec tors of every such county, riding, division, city, or town respectively; and a sum not exceeding two sail lings for every return from any of the cities or towns in the several inland and other counties lair before mentioned, so certified to have been properly made; and such receiver-general of the customs in Scotland shall, on an order from the commissioners of the customs, or any three of them, in like manner repay, out of the moneys in his hands, arising from the duties on foreign corn, meal, or flour imported (an account of which duties he is to keep separate, and to retain in his hands so much of the produce thereof as shall be sufficient for that purpose) to the treasurers of the several counties, and the stewartry in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, a sum not exceeding twenty Shillings for every return certified to him by the said receiver of corn returns to have been properly made according to the directions of this act, in the course of every such year, by every such sheriff depute, steward depute, or his fubdilute of every such county or stewartry; and every such treasurer in the several counties of England shall carry the sum so received by him to the account of the rate of every such county, riding, or division respectively; and every such mayor or other chief officer of the several cities or towns which are counties of themselves, or have and enjoy an exempt jurisdifition as aforesaid, 'shall repay the sum so received by him to the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the several parishes or townships in every such city or town, in proportion to the sums which every such parish or totvnship shall have respectively contributed for the payment of the inspefiior appointed for every such city or town, to be carried to the account of the poor rates of every such parish or township respectively; every such treasurer of the several counties, and of the stewartry in that part of Great Britain called Scotland., shall carry the sums so received by him to the account of the public rate or cess of every such county or stewartry respectively, and the said receivers of the customs in England and Scotland shall be re spefiiively allowed such payments in their several accounts.

LXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the moneys arising by the duties on foreign corn, meal, and flour, imported, shall not be diffident to make the repayment aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the of of his majesty's customs in England., or any four or more of them, and the of of his majesty's customs in Scotland., or any three or more of them respectively, to order the receiver-general to make up such deficiency out of any other money in his hands, arising from the duties of customs; the said receiver-general of the customs in England and Scotland shall be respectively allowed such payments in their several accounts.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the lord high treasurer, or the lords of of his majesty's treasury, for the time being, or any three or more them, shall from time to

time

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. 287

time appoint a fit and proper person for executing the office of receiver of corn returns according to the directions of this add, with such salary and allowance as shall be deemed by them to be a proper and sufficient compensation for his time and trouble in executing the said office.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That such receiver of who is to take corn returns, before he enters on the execution of his office, shall the following take the following oath; (videlicet),

I A.B. do fiuear, That I will, to the hest of my skill and know Oath,

'ledge, execute the office of receiver of corn returns, according to the directions of an act passed in the thirty first year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled, [Here set forth the title of the add], and in all things confonn myself as receiver of corn returns to the provisions of the said act.

Which oath any justice of the peace for the county of Middlesexj is hereby empowered and required to administer.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Receiver of for the said receiver of corn returns to send by the post to any to fend^nd5 part of this kingdom, any printed papers, containing an account receive papers or abstradd of the average prices of corn, or any of the other arti on the business cles aforesaid, taken from the returns transmitted to him by vir of this act, tue of this add, in covers open at the fides, which shall be signed ^nder^certain* by him on the outside thereof, free from the duty of postage; and restrictions, to receive and send all his letters and packets, from and to the inspeddors appointed by virtue of this add, and from and to the clerks of the peace in the several counties, ridings, and divisions in eng land, and from and to the sheriffs or Reward depute of the counties and the stewartry in Scotland, and from and to the collectors and other chief officers of the customs, and from and to the mayors or other chief officers of the cities and towns that are counties of themselves, or have and enjoy an exempt jurisdiction as aforesaid, and from and to the treasurer of the several counties, ridings, divisions, and stewartry as aforesaid, on the business in which he is employed in pursuance of the directions of this add, free from the duty of postage, in the same manner, and under such restrictions, as are now by law established respecting all other letters, packets, and printed papers, sent and received by the poll: free from the said duty: provided nevertheless, That all letters and packets so sent by the said receiver of corn returns, shall be certified on the outside thereof, in his hand writing, to be on the business of this add, and shall be lealed with a leal provided for that purpose and kept in his office, an impression or exemplification of which shall be previously lodged in the general post office; and also, that all letters and packets, so received by the said receiver of corn returns, shall be certified on the outside thereof, by the officers transmitting the same, to be upon the business of this add, and shall contain no other letter, paper, or thing whatsoever, than for the said receiver of corn returns upon the business aforesaid; and it shall and maybe lawful for his Majesty's

288 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1791.

postmaster general, his fectetary or othet officer specially authorised by him, to examine and iearch all such letters and packets, and to charge with treble postage any letter, paper, or thing therein contained contrary to the provisions of this acts.

Collectors of

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That the collectors or fend^weekft0 pr^nc^pa^ officers of the customs, at every port in Great Britain, accounts ol shall respectively transmit weekly to the said receiver of corn reef the corn, turns, an account of the quantities of the several sorts of corn &c.ihipt to be or of malt, meal, or flour, hipped in their respective ports in the wife at preceding week to be carried coastwise, with the names of the

brought coast or ve^e^h ie names of the masters, and the ports or places wife into their in Great Britain to which such corn, malt, meal, or flour, was respective intended to be carried, and also an account of the quantities of c^ivero^e^evera^ forts corih malt, meal, or flour, brought coast cornreturns wen preceding week into each such port, with the names who is every of the hips or vessels, the names of the masters, and the name of three months the port or place from whence the same was brought; and the to tranirmt an receiver of corn returns shall, at the end of every three months, ot'to^he^om transmit to the of of his majesty's customs in England missioner of and Scotland respectively, an account, to be formed and made up the customs. in such manner as they the said of hall respectively approve, of the quantity of the several sorts of corn, malt, meal, or flour, shipped to be carried coastwise from each port, or brought coastwise into each port, of Great Britain respectively.

Treafuij to

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That the lord high trea nual^ccount ^urer? or of of the treasury for the time being, to be transmit hall, and they are hereby required to order and direct that an acted from the count of the quantities of all corn, and the other articles as afore customs to the said, exported from Great Britain, and of all corn, meal, and flour com returns import: ed into Great Britain, together with an account of all boun of the corn*ties and duties paid and received thereon, be transmitted annually, exported, C by the commissioners of the customs in England and Scotland re imported and spectively, to the said receiver of corn returns, to be registered and dutieq8 ^7 him in proper books to be kept for that purpose. paid.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That the buftiel by which

All com to be corn be measured and computed, in pursuance of the di

measured by redtions of this act, hall be the Winchester buftiel, and that a the Winchef quarter shall be deemed to conftft of eight such buftiels; and that terbushel, Sec. the ju{f[ces of the peace of each county, riding, and division, and the mayor or other chief officer of the cities or towns which are counties of themselves, or have or enjoy exempt or peculiar jurisdiction, in that part of Great Britain called England, and the sheriff or steward depute or substitute of the counties, and of the said stewartry in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, hall cause a standard Winchester buflhel to be provided and kept in each city and town from which any returns of the prices of corn are by this acts directed to be made; and that all duties be paid, and all bounties be paid and allowed, and all computations by measure to be made for the purposes of this act, be made by the stricken When corn and not by the heaped buftiel; and that in all cases where corn cis sold by shall be sold by weight, fifty seven pounds avoirdupois of wheathall

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. 289

shall be deemed equal to every such Winchester bushel of wheat, weight, the and that fifty-five avoirdupois pounds of rye shall be deemed equal ^g^in^pecifi* to every such bushel of rye, and that forty-nine avoirdupois pounds ed tobedeem of barley shall be deemed equal to every such bushel of barley, and ed equal to a that forty-two avoirdupois pounds of beer or bigg shall be deemed bushel. equal to every such bushel of beer or bigg, and that thirty-eight avoirdupois pounds of oats shall be deemed equal to every such bushel of oats; and further, that fifty six avoirdupois pounds of wheat meal, and fortyfive avoirdupois pounds of wheat flour, shall be deemed equal to every such bushel of unground wheat, and that fifty-three avoirdupois pounds of rye meal shall be deemed equal to every such bushel of unground rye, and that forty-eight avoirdupois pounds of barley meal shall be deemed equal to every such bushel of unground barley, and that forty-one avoirdupois pounds of beer or bigg meal shall be deemed equal to every such bushel of unground beer or bigg, and that twenty-two avoirdupois pounds of oatmeal shall be deemed equal to every such bushel of unground oats; and for greater expedition in mea The quantity furing ground corn of any sort that shall be in sacks, the proper of ground officer may make choice of and weigh two sacks out of any num to be^eter*ber not exceeding twenty sacks, and foin proportion for any mined by greater quantity, and thereby compute the quantity of the whole: weighing two and if any doubt shall arise, whether ground wheat entered to be sacks out f exported on bounty, ought to be considered as wheat meal, or tenty wheat flour, such officer is hereby authorised to require that a certain reasonable portion of every sack, not exceeding one peck doubts re*of each sack, shall be passed through a sieve or cloth, com f^edting monly called A Fourteen Shilling Cloth, and if such ground wheat ground whe^tj shall not pass through such sieve or cloth, the same shall not be C considered as wheat flour.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every inspector of inspector of corn returns shall, and he is hereby required to make a compa corn returns rifon between the Winchester measure and the measure commonly to ma a itfed in the city or town for which he is appointed inspector; and between the within one month after his appointment to cause a statement in Winchester writing of such comparison to be hung up in some conspicuous measure, and place, in the market and townhall of such city or town, and from ^bere*he is time to time renew the same if it shall become defaced or illegible, inspector, C and shall return a copy of the same to the receiver of corn returns.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this The present at contained shall exterid to alter the present practice of mea practice of furing corn, or any of the articles aforesaid, to be shipped from or with in

to be landed in the port of London, but that the same shall be mea London to sured by the sworn metres appointed for that purpose, by whose continue, and certificate the searchers or other proper officers of his majesty's the tolls to be customs are hereby empowered and required to certify the quan Pa tity of corn, or other articles as aforesaid, so shipped or landed; and that nothing in tfiis a contained shall extend to lessen or take away the tolls or duties due and payable to the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, or to the mayor of the said city for the time being,

290

All acts in force for securing the revenue, C to extend to this adno

see to be taken for oaths.

Dow penalties are to be recovered and applied.

Determination of justices to be final in all cases cognizable by them.

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1791.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every act of parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this act, by which any conditions, rules, regulations, or restrictions were made, established, or directed for the better securing the revenue of customs, or for the regular importation into, or exportation from, Great Britain, or the bringing or carrying coastwise, or from port to port, within the same kingdom, or the entering, landing, or shipping of any goods, wares, or merchandises whatever, except where any alteration is expressly made by this act, shall, and they are hereby declared to be and remain in full force and effect, and shall be applied to the subject of this act, and for carrying the same into execution, as fully and effectually as if they had been repeated and re enacted in this present act.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no fee, shall be taken by the clerk of any justice of peace, or other person before whom any oath, affirmation, or declaration, shall be taken or made by the directions of this acton account of such oath, affirmation or declaration.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all forfeitures created, and penalties inflicted, by this add for offences committed in England and Scotland respectively, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh reflectively, in such manner, and by such ways, means, and methods, as penalties inflicted or forfeitures created in England and scot land respectively, for any offences against the laws of customs, may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, and the produce disposed of in the like manner, and applied to the like uses and purposes, unless otherwise specially provided for by this act: provided always, That any penalty or forfeiture inflicted by this acton any corn factor, or on any dealer in corn, malt, meal, or flour, for sale as aforesaid, or on any inspector of corn returns, may be sued for and recovered before any two justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, city, or town where such corn factor, or dealer in corn, malt, meal, or flour, for sale, or inspector of corn returns shall reside; and such two justices shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, if, upon due proof and examination of the matter, it shall appear to them that such corn factor or dealer in corn, malt, meal, or flour, for sale, or inspector of corn returns, is guilty of the offence against this act then alleged against him, to convict him thereof, and, by warrant under their hands and seals, to levy such penalty by distress and sale of his goods and chattels, and such penalty shall be applied in manner herein before mentioned.

LXXXVIII. Provided, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no bill, plaint, or information, shall be brought or sued forth in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, for any offence against this Statute, in cases where such offences are by this act cognizable by justices of the peace, relating to the same offences, or any forfeitures or penalties

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30.' gi

for the same, but that the determination of the justices of the peace in the county where such offence or offences shall be committed, shall be final to all intents and purposes whatsoever; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or salt shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons, for anything by him, her, or them done

by virtue or in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be

commenced within three months next after the matter or thing

done, and shall be laid in the proper county; and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit shall and may plead the general General issuea

issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any

trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdict shall pals

for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their action or actions, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer

or other wise then such defendant or defendants flail have treble Treble costs

costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XC. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the inspectors As soon as in

of corn returns, directed by this act to be appointed, shall be so spe&ors are

appointed in each of the counties, ridings, and divisions, and in T,

bngland, and

each of the cities and towns, being counties or themselves, and returns made

having exempt jurisdiction as aforesaid, of that part of Great Bri from Scotland, tain called England., and as soon as the sheriff depute in each of the authority the counties, or the steward depute, or his substitute, of the flew turns under artry of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall respectiogeo.^.c 390 tively have made returns to the receiver of corn returns in the to cease. manner herein before directed, the authority vested in the persons appointed to make returns by virtue of the before mentioned act, passed in the tenth year of his Majesty's reign, shall cease in every such county, riding, division, and stewartry respectively; and fur Receiver of there, that the receiver of corn returns shall continue once in every CL n rel: us

week to make up and compute, from the returns made to him, insert^h^the

either by virtue of the said act passed in the tenth year of his Ma Gazette the jesty's reign, or by virtue of this act, the average prices of the fe weekly aver veral sorts of corn, and cause an abstract of the same to be pub in Nov lished in the London Gazette in manner herein before directed, till V

the fifteenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, after which day no return shall be made to him by virtue of the said act passed in the tenth year of his Majesty's reign, and such averages shall from thenceforth be made up and computed, and such abstract be published in the London Gazette from returns made by virtue of this act only; and further, that the Duties under duties imposed by this act on the importation of foreign corn, this act on the meal, and flour, and the bounties granted by this act on the ex rn to portation of British corn, and other articles as aforesaid, shall com commence on mence on the fifteenth day of November one thousand seven hur> Nov, 1791, dred and ninety one; and that the duties imposed by former laws on the importation of foreign corn, meal, or flour, and the bounties granted by former laws on the exportation of British corn, or

292 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. [1791.

any of the other articles as aforesaid, and all powers granted for the purpose of raising, levying, answering, and recovering the same (save and except in all cases relating to the recovering any arrears thereof) shall cease on the said fifteenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety one; and that all provisions made by this act for regulating and governing the importation of foreign corn, meal, or flour, and the duty payable thereon, and the exportation of British corn, and the other articles as aforesaid, and the payment of the bounty thereon, and the carrying the same coastwise, shall commence on the said fifteenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety one; and that the regulations made by any former law, contrary to the provisions of this act, for any of the said purposes, shall cease on the said fifteenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety one; and further, that the several provisions made by this act for allowing and regulating the warehousing of foreign corn, meal, and flour, and the taking the same out of such warehouses for exportation, or any of the purposes herein before mentioned, shall commence on the fifteenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety one; and that all provisions made in the before mentioned act passed in the thirteenth year of his Majesty's reign, or in any other law for allowing and regulating the warehousing of foreign corn, meal, or flour, and taking the same out of such warehouses for exportation, or any of the purposes therein mentioned, shall cease on the said fifteenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety one,

XCI. And be it further enacted, That so much of an act passed in the last session of parliament, (intituled An act for indemnifying all persons u>ho have been concerned in advising or carrying into execution certain orders of council respecting the importation and exportation of corn and grain; and also certain orders issued by the governor-general of his majesty's colonies in America; and for preventing suits

So much of 3ogeo.3 C I as relates to the importation and exportation of corn and

fogeo^.c 42. c0nfe(iuence of the same; and for making further provisons relative

to continue thereto), as relates to the importation and exportation of corn and

in force till grain; and also the whole of another act passed in the same session, ^ov.15, 1791. (intituled An act to continue for a limited time, certain provisons contained in an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for indemnifying all persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into execution, certain orders of council respecting the importation and exportation of corn and grain; and also certain orders issued by the governor-general of his majesty's colonies in America and for preventing suits in consequence of the same; and for making further provisions relative thereto; rebating to the importation and exportation of corn and grain; and to authorise his Majesty to permit the exportation of corny grain, meas or floury and to prohibit the importation thereof on the Iovj duties), shall continue and be in force until the fifteenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.

Before Noy. XCII And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, the ex^orta^at any time or times before the fifteenth day o November

tionoi wheat one ^oufand seven hundred and ninety one, any sort of wheat,

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 30. 293

wheat flour, biscuit, rye, rye meal, barley, barley meal, oats, oat C should be meal, peas or beans, shall be prohibited to be exported from Great in

Britain by virtue of the said recited acts, or of any authority council may therein given to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by and with authorise the the advice of his or their privy council, it shall and may be law exportation of full, nevertheless, for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and he ^i^ertctal?63 and they is and are hereby authorised, by and with the advice of lowed, to any his or their privy council, to permit and allow the exportation to place belong any dominion, territory, plantation, colony, island, province, fao to hisma tory, place, or fishery, to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, be longing, of such quantities of each and every such sort of corn and other articles as aforesaid, as hath at any time been allowed to be exported to such or the same dominion, territory, plantation, colony, island, province, factory, place, or fishery, respectively to his Majesty belonging, by any act or atfts of parliament heretofore made, and of any quantity or quantities of each and every such sort of corn and other articles, as aforesaid, to the island of new foundland\ and to the British islands in the West Indies, as shall from time to time be found necessary and requisite for the use of the fishery of the said istand of Newfoundland, and for the food and sustenance of the inhabitants of the said islands respectively.

XCIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, and may or that whenever the exportation of corn, grain, and other articles^to be aid made thereof, on which bounties have been heretofore payable, shall on exportation be so permitted, and that the prices thereof respectively taken in whenever they the manner directed by an act passed in the tenth year of his pre would be al sent majesty's reign, (intituled An act for registering the prices at awe^u^er which corn is sold in the several counties of Great Britain, and the force. quantity exported and imported), shall not upon an average of the returns made by virtue of the said act exceed the prices upon which bounties have been heretofore allowed on each sort respectively, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, to order that the same bounties be allowed on each sort respectively, as would be allowed and payable thereon, if such corn, grain, or other articles, were exported under the authority of any act or acts of parliament now in force, and subject to the same regulations, conditions, and restrictions, and to the same penalties and forfeitures as are enacted and imposed in and by the said acts.

XCIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Malt made or thing in this act contained ball extend, or be deemed or con declared for strued to extend, to prohibit the exportation on bounty of such exportation on malt as shall have been made or declared for exportation, on or ioj before the tenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and be exported ninety one, (the price of barley at the time when such malt is on certain hereby allowed to be exported, being, in the district from whence conditions, it is to be exported, at or under the price at which barley, by this act, may be exported after the fifteenth day of November, in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety one), upon the proprietor or proprietors of such malt as aforesaid producing, to the coll^stor or chief officer of the customs at the port where such

294

[Preamble.]

i4geo.3. c.s3

recited.

So much of recited at as relates to the appointment of a council for Quebec, or its powers, repealed?

Within each of the intended provinces a legislative council and assembly to be Const Stilted, by whole advice his Majesty may. make laws for the government of the province.

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 31. [1791.

malt as aforesaid shall be exported, a certificate or certificates from the officer or officers of excise with whom the entry of the corn intended to be made into such malt as aforesaid for exportation shall have been made, that such malt was actually declared or made for exportation, on or before the tenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.

CAP. XXXI.

An act to repeal certain parts of an act passed in the fourteenth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for making more effectual provision for the government of the province of fphiebec, in North America; and to make further provision for the government of the said province.

WHEREAS an act was passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for making more effectual provision for the government of the province of dfhiehec in North America: and whereas the said act is in many respects inapplicable to the present condition and circumstances of the said province: and whereas it is expedient and necessary that further provision Should now be made for the good government and prof ferity thereof: may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so much of the said abl as in any manner relates to the appointment of a council for the affairs of the said province of ffuebec^ or to the power given by the said act to the said council, or to the major part of them, to make ordinances for the peace, welfare, and good government of the said province, with the consent of his majesty's governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief for the time being, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And whereas his Majesty has been pleased to signify, by his message to both houses of parliament, his royal intention to divide his pro vince of Quebec into two separate provinces, to be called The Province of Upper Canada, and The Province of Lower Canada; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be within each of the said provinces respectively a legislative council, and an assembly, to be severally composed and constituted in the manner herein after described; and that in each of the said provinces re speblively his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall have power, during the continuance of this act, by and with the advice and consent of the legislative council and assembly of such provinces respectively, to make laws for the peace, welfare, and good government thereof, such laws not being repugnant.to this act; and that all such laws, being pasted by the legislative council and assembly of either of the said provinces respectively, and aft'ented to by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or aft'ented to in his majesty's name, by such personas his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall from time to time appoint to be the governor, or lieutenant.

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 31. 295

governor of such province, or by such personas his Majesty, his heirs or successors, hall from time to time appoint to administer the government within the same, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be, by virtue of and under the authority of this act, valid and binding to all intents and purposes whatever, within the province in which the same shall have been so passed.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That His Majesty for the purpose of constituting such legislative council as aforesaid ay authorise in each of the said provinces reflectively, it shall and maybe law ore]ieuten^nt> fu for his Majesty, his heirs or successors, by aninstrument under governor ol* his or their sign manual, to authorise and direct the governor or each province, lieutenant governor, or person administering the government in to hurnmon each of the said provinces respectively, within the time herein {h^eg^fln^ve' after mentioned, in his majesty's name, and by an instrument council." under the great seal of such province, to summon to the said legislative council, to be established in each of the said provinces respectively, a sufficient number of discreet and proper persons, being not fewer than seven to the legislative council for the province of Upper Canada, and not fewer than fifteen to the legislative council for the province of Lower Canada; and that it shall also be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs or successors, from time to time, by an instrument under his or their sign manual, to am thorise and direct the governor or lieutenant governor, or person administering the government in each of the said provinces re speblively, to summon to the legislative council of such province, in like manner, such other person or persons as his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall think fit; and that every person who shall be so summoned to the legislative council of either of the said provinces respectively, shall thereby become a member of such legislative council to which he shall have been so summoned.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall be summoned to the said legislative No person uncouncil, in either of the said provinces, who shall not be of the y^ar

full age of twenty-one years, and a natural born subject of his be summoned. Majesty, or a subject of his Majesty naturalised by act of the British

parliament, or a subject of his Majesty, having become such by the conquest and section of the province of Canada.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Members to every member of each of the said legislative councils shall hold his holdtheirieats seat therein for the term of his life, but subject nevertheless to the or 1 e provisions herein after contained for vacating the same, in the

cases herein after specified.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That His Majesty whenever his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall think proper may annex to to confer upon any subject of the crown of Great Britain, by let ters patent under the great seal of either of the said provinces, any nomyehertglit hereditary title of honour, rank, or dignity of such province, de of being sum fcendible according to any course of descent limited in such letters moned to the patent, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs or successors, to annex thereto, by the said letters patent, if his Majesty,

296 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 31. [1791.

his heirs or successors, shall so think fit, an hereditary right of being summoned to the legislative council of such province, descendible according to the course of descent so limited with re spedf to such title, rank, or dignity; and that every person on whom such right shall be so conferred, or to whom such right shall severally so defeend, shall thereupon be entitled to demand from the governor, lieutenant governor, or person administering the government of such province, his writ of summons to such legislative council, at any time after he hall have attained the age of twenty-one years, subject nevertheless to the provisions herein after contained.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority Such defeend aforesaid, That when and so often as any person to whom such ^ght jr hereditary right shall have defeended shall, without the permission a e, an^hi heirs or successors, signified to the legislative

council of the province by the governor, lieutenant governor, or person administering the government there, have been absent from the said province for the space of four years continually, at any time between the date of his succeeding to such right and the time of his applying for such writ of summons, if he shall have been of the age of twenty-one years or upwards at the time of his so succeeding, or at any time between the date of his attaining the said age and the time of his so applying, if he shall not have been of the said age at the time of his so succeeding; and also when and so often as any such person shall at any time, before his applying for such writ of summons, have taken any oath of allegiance or obedience to any foreign prince or power, in every such case such person shall not be entitled to receive any writ of summons to the legislative council by virtue of such hereditary right, unless his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall at any time think fit, by instrument under his or their sign manual, to direct that such person shall be summoned to the said council; and the governor, lieutenant governor, or person administering the government in the said provinces respectively, is hereby authorised and required, previous to granting such writ of summons to any person so applying for the same, to interrogate such person upon oath touching the said several particulars, before such executive council as shall have been appointed by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, within such province, for the affairs thereof.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority seats in coun aforesaid, That if any member of the legislative councils of either cil vacated in of the said provinces respectively shall leave such province, and certain cases, reside out of the same for the space of four years continually,

without the permission of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, signified to such legislative council by the governor or lieutenant governor, or person administering his majesty's government there, or for the space of two years continually, without the like permission, or the permission of the governor, lieutenant governor, or person administering the government of such province, signified to such legislative council in the manner aforesaid, or if any such

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 51. 297

member shall take any oath of allegiance or obedience to any foreign prince or power; his seat in such council shall thereby become vacant

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every case where a writ of summons to Hereditary such legislative council shall have been lawfully withheld from any rights and person to whom such hereditary right as aforesaid shall have descended,

by reason of such absence from the province as aforesaid, cated, to re or of his having taken an oath of allegiance or obedience to any main suspend foreign prince or power, and also in every case where the seat in during the such council of any member thereof, having such hereditary right g^Qn as aforesaid, shall have been vacated by reason of any of the causes their deaths to herein before specified, such hereditary right shall remain suspended go to the per during the life of such person, unless his Majesty, his heirs or fuc ns next m ceflors, shall afterwards think fit to direct that he be summoned theretcu to such council; but that on the death of such person such right, subject to the provisions herein contained, shall descend to the person who shall next be entitled thereto, according to the course of descent limited in the letters patent by which the same shall have been originally conferred

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any member of either of the said legislative Seats in coun councils shall be attainted for treason in any court of law within oil forfeited, any of his majesty's dominions, his seat in such council shall hercdi thereby become vacant, and any such hereditary right as aforesaid extinguished, then veiled in such person, or to be derived to any other persons for treason. through him, shall be utterly forfeited and extinguished.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority Questions re aforesaid, That whenever any question shall arise reflecting the specting the right of any person to be summoned to either of the said legislative j^ght to be councils respectively, or respecting the vacancy of the seat in such co^ft&c0 legislative council of any person having been summoned thereto, to be deter every such question shall, by the governor or lieutenant governor mined as hereof the province, or by the person administering the government m mentioned, there, be referred to such legislative council, to be by the said

council heard and determined; and that it shall and maybe lawful either for the person desiring such writ of summons, or respecting whose seat such question shall have arisen, or for his majesty's attorney general of such province in his majesty's name, to appeal from the determination of the said council, in such case, to his Majesty in his parliament of Great Britain; and that the judgement thereon of his Majesty in his said parliament shall be final and conclusive to all intents and purposes whatever.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The governor the governor or lieutenant governor of the said provinces respectof the province tively, or the person administering his majesty's government ^fre^ove1 therein respectively, shall have power and authority from time to the speaker. time, by an instrument under the great seal of such province, to constitute, appoint, and remove the speakers of the legislative

councils of such provinces respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, His Majesty

for may authorise the governor to call together the assemblyj

and for the purpose of electing the members, to issue a proclamation dividing the province into districts, C

Power of the governor to appoint returning officers, to continue two years from the commencement of this act.

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 31. [1791.

for the purpose of constituting such assembly as aforesaid, in each of the said provinces respectively, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his ffieirs or successors, by an instrument under his or their sign manual, to authorise and direct the governor or lieutenant governor, or person administering the government in each of the said provinces respectively, within the time herein after mentioned, and thereafter from time to time, as occasion shall require, in his majesty's name, and by an instrument under the great seal of such province, to summon and call together an assembly in and for such province.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, for the purpose of electing the members of such assemblies respectively, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs or successors, by an instrument under his or their iign manual, to authorise the governor or lieutenant governor of each of the said provinces respectively, or the person administering the government therein, within the time herein after mentioned, to issue a proclamation dividing such province into districts, or counties, or circles, and towns or townships, and appointing the limits thereof, and declaring and appointing the number of representatives to be chpfen by each of such districts, or counties, or circles, and towns or townships respectively; and that it shall also be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs or successors, to authorise such governor or lieutenant governor, or person administering the government, from time to time to nominate and appoint proper persons to execute the office of returning officer in each of the said districts, or counties, or circles, and towns or townships respectively; and that such division of the said provinces into districts, or counties, or circles, and towns or townships, and such declaration and appointment of the number of representatives to be chosen by each of the said districts, or counties, or circles, and towns or townships respectively, and also such nomination and appointment of returning officers in the same, shall be valid and effectual to all the purposes of this act, unless it shall at any time be otherwise provided by any act of the legislative council and assembly of the province, assented to by his Majesty, his heirs or successors.

XV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the provision herein before contained, for impowering the governor, lieutenant governor, or person administering the government of the said provinces respectively, under such authority as aforesaid from his Majesty, his heirs or successors, from time to time, to nominate and appoint proper persons to execute the office of returning officer in the said districts, counties, circles, and towns or townships, shall remain and continue in force in each of the said provinces respectively, for the term of two years, from and after the commencement of this act, within such province, and no longer; but subject nevertheless to be sooner repealed or varied by any act of the legislative council and assembly of the province, assented to by his Majesty, his heirs or successors.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 31. 299

thority aforesaid, That ho person shall be obliged to execute the No person ob said office of returning officer for any longer time than one year, returning or oftener than once, unless it shall at any time be otherwise pro 0^cer more vided by any at of the legislative council and assembly of the pro than once, un vince, assented to by his Majesty, his heirs or successors. less otherwise

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority afore of the said, That the whole number of members to be chosen in the province, province of Upper Canada shall not be less than sixteen, and that ^urnberof the whole number of members to be chosen in the province of members in Lower Canada shall not be less than fifty. each province

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That writs for the election of members to serve in the said affeoi Regulations blies respectively shall be issued by the governor, lieutenant governor, or person administering his majesty's government within the ^<3.^ 0p said provinces respectively, within fourteen days after the sealing members to of such instrument as aforesaid for summoning and calling toge serve in the there such assembly, and that such writs shall be directed to the re assemblies. spedlive returning officers of the said districts, or counties, or circles, and towns or townships, and that such writs shall be made returnable within fifty days at farthefi: from the day on which they shall bear date, unless it shall at any time be otherwise provided by any ai of the legislative council and assembly of the province, assented to by his Majesty, his heirs or successors; and that writs shall in like manner and form be issued for the election of members in the case of any vacancy which shall happen by the death of the person chosen, or by his being summoned to the legislative council of either province, and that such writs shall be made returnable within fifty days at farthefi from the day on which they shall bear date, unless it shall at any time be otherwise provided by any act of the legislative council and assembly of the province, assented to by his Majesty, his heirs or successors; and that in the case of any such vacancy which shall happen by the death of the person chosen, or by reason of his being so summoned as aforesaid, the writ for the election of a new member shall be issued within six days after the same shall be made known to the proper office for issuing such writs of election.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the returning officers so appointed as aforesaid, Returning to whom any such writs as aforesaid shall be directed, shall, and cute writs they are hereby authorised and required duly to execute such writs.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That By whom the the members for the several districts, or counties, or circles of the members are said provinces respectively, shall be chosen by the majority of votes to be 010 eu of such persons as shall severally be possessed, for their own use md benefit, of lands or tenements within such district, or county, or circle, as the case shall be, such lands being by them held in freehold, or in fief, or in roture, or by certificate derived under the authority of the governor and council of the province of hie bee, and being of the'yearly value of forty Shillings sterling, or upwards, over and above all rents and charges payable out of or in respect of the same) and that the members for the several towns

300 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 31. [1791.

or townships within the said provinces respectively shall be chosen. the majority of votes of such persons as either shall severally be possessed, for their own use and benefit, of a dwelling house and lot of ground in such town or township, such dwelling house and lot of ground being by them held in like manner as aforesaid, and being of the yearly value of five pounds sterling, or upwards, or, as having been resident within the said town or township for the space of twelve calendar months next before the date of the writ of summons for the election, shall bona fide have paid one year's relit for the dwelling house in which they shall have sore tided, at the rate of ten pounds sterling per annum, or upwards.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Certain per authority aforesaid, That no person shall be capable of being btto the af' e^ec^e^ a member to serve in either of the said assemblies, or of fembh^s.6 a'sitting or voting the rein, who shall be a member of either of the said legislative councils to be established as aforesaid in the said two provinces, or who shall be a minister of the church of England or a minister, priest, ecclesiastic, or teacher, either according to the rites of the church of Rome, or under any other form or profeftion of religious faith or worship.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority No personun* aforesaid, That no person shall be capable of voting at any elec ofa^e y&ts on a mem^er to serve in such assembly, in either of the said capable of provinces, or of being eledfced at any such eledfion, who shall not

be of the full age of twenty-one years, and a natural born subject of his Majesty, or a subject of his Majesty naturalised by act of the British parliament, or a subject of his Majesty, having become such by the conquest and cession of the province of Canada.

XXIII. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall be capable of voting at any election of a member to serve in such assembly, in either of the said provinces, or of being elected at any such election, who shall have been attainted for treason or felony in any court of law within any of his majesty's dominions, or who shall be within any description of persons disqualified by any act of the legislative council and assembly of the province, assented to by his Majesty, his heirs or successors.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority Voters, if re aforesaid, That every voter, before he is admitted to give his vote ^fouowine6 at any e^e<*on> shall, if required by any of the candidates, or by the returning officer, take the following oath, which shall be administered in the English or French language, as the case may require:

voting or being elected;

por any person attainted for treason pr felony.

Oath,

I A.B. do declare and testify, in the presence of almighty God That I am, to the best of my knowledge and belief of the full age of twenty-one years, and that I have net voted before at this election,

and to make And that every tuch person shall also, if so required as aforesaid, oat the make oath, previous to his being admitted to vote, that he is, to hereinuspecifi of knowledge and belief, duly possessed of such lands

ed. and

1791-) Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 31. 301

and tenements, or of such a dwelling house and lot of ground, or that he has bona fide been so resident, and paid such relit for his dwelling house, as entitles him, according to the provisions of this acts, to give his vote at such election for the county, or dif trids, or circle, or for the town or township for which he shall offer the same.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs or fuc His Majesty ceftors, to authorise the governor or lieutenant governor, or per may autho son administering the government within each of the said provin rie z ces respectively, to fix the time and place of holding such elec thetimeand tiens, giving not less than eight days notice of such time, subject piace of hold nevertheless to such provisions as may hereafter be made in these ing elections, respects by any act of the legislative council and assembly of the province, assented to by his Majesty, his heirs or successors.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs or fuc and of holding ceftors, to authorise the governor or lieutenant governor of each Council of the said provinces respectively, or the person administering then assembly, government therein, to fix the places and times of holding the C first and every other session of the legislative council and assembly of such province, giving due and sufficient notice thereof, and to prorogue the same from time to time, and to dissolve the same, by proclamation or otherwise, whenever he shall judge it necessary or expedient.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Council and aforesaid, That the said legislative council and assembly, in each assembly to be of the said provinces, shall be called together once at the least in ^th^once every twelve calendar months, and that every assembly shall con fn IZ months, tinue for four years from the day of the return of the writs for C choosing the same, and no longer, subject nevertheless to be sooner prorogued or dissolved by the governor or lieutenant governor of the province, or person administering his majesty's government therein.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, and all ques

That all questions which shall arise in the said legislative councils ons therein or assemblies respectively shall be decided by the majority of voices the ma

of such members as shall be prefertt; and that in all cases where jority of votes the voices shall be equal, the speaker of such council or assembly,

as the case shall be, shall have a casting voice.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority No member aforesaid, That no member, either of the legislative council or sit or vote assembly, in either of the said provinces, shall be permitted to sit taken th^ffol or to vote therein until he shall have taken and subscribed the following lowing oath, either before the governor or lieutenant governor of such province, or person administering the government therein, or before some person or persons authorised by the said governor or lieutenant governor, or other personas aforesaid, to administer such oath, and that the same shall be administered in the e?iglish or French language, as the case may require;

I A, B.

302 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 31. [1791.

Oath. X A.B. do sincerely promise and/wear, That I will be faithfuland

JL bear true allegiance to his majesty King George, as lawfulfove reign of the kingdom of Great Britain, and of these provinces dependent on and belonging to the said kingdom; and that I will defend him to the utmof of my power a gains all traitorous conspiracies and attempts whatever which fall be made againf his persony crown, and dignity; and that I will do my uimost endeavour to disclose and make known to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, all treasons and traitorous conspiracies and attempts which fall know to be againf himy or any of them: and all this I do swear without any equivocation, mental eva son, or secret reservation, and renouncing all pardons and dispensations from any person or power vohatever to the contrary.

So help me GOD.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Governormay That whenever any bill which has been passed by the legislative give or with council, and by the house of assembly, in either of the said pro testy's'alferrt v*nces respectteely, shall be presented, for his majesty's assent, to to bills paired the governor or lieutenant governor of such province, or to the by the legi person administering his majesty's government therein, such go flative council vernor or lieutenant governor, or person administering the go orcreve^> vernment, shall, and he is hereby authorised and required to de them for his care according to his discretion, but subject nevertheless to the majesty's provisions contained in this act, and to such instructions as may

pleasure. from time to time be given in that behalf by his Majesty's his heirs or successors, that he aftents to such bill in his majesty's name, or that he withholds his majesty's assent from such bill, or that he reserves such bill for the signification of his majesty's pleasure thereon.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Governor to authority aforesaid, That whenever any bill, which shall have transmit to been so presented for his majesty's assent to such governor, lieute offtatefots nant governor, or person administering the government, shall, of such bifts's by such governor, lieutenant governor, or person administering have been the government, have been assented to in his majesty's name, assented to, such governor, lieutenant governor, or personas aforesaid, shall, which his Ma anc] js hereby required, by the first convenient opportunity, to cil maycdeun" transmit to one f his majesty's principal secretaries of state an clare his dif authentic copy of such bill so assented to; and that it shall and allowance of may be lawful, at any time within two years after such bill shall ^ears^ontthe ave been so received by such secretary of state, for his Majesty, receipt.0m  his heirs or successors, by his or their order in council, to declare his or their disallowance of such bill, and that such disallowance, together with a certificate, under the hand and seal of such secretary of state, testifying the day on which such bill was received as aforesaid, being signified by such governor, lieutenant governor, or person administering the government, to the legislative council and assembly of such province, or by proclamation, shall make void and annul the same, from and after the date of such signification.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

u That

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 31. 303

That no such bill, which shall be To reserved for the signification Bills reserved

of his majesty's pleasure thereon, shall have any force or authority sure

within either of the said provinces respectively, until the governor not to have any

or lieutenant governor, or person administering the government, force till his

hall signify, either by speech or message, to the legislative coun majesty's af

cil and assembly of such province, or by proclamation, that such ient !ei mi tt mumeated to

bill has been laid before his Majesty in council, and that his Ma tjje coimcn

jesty has been pleased to assent to the same; and that an entry and assembly, hall be made, in the journals of the said legislative council, of c every such speech, message, or proclamation; and a duplicate thereof, duly attested, hall be delivered to the proper officer, to be kept amongst the public records of the province: and that no such bill, which shall be so reserved as aforesaid, shall have any force or authority within either of the said provinces respectively, unless his majesty's assent thereto shall have been so signified as aforesaid, within the space of two years from the day on which such bill shall have been presented for his majesty's assent to the governor, lieutenant governor, or person administering the government of such province.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all laws, Statutes, and ordinances, which shall be in force Laws in force on the day to be fixed in the manner herein after directed for the commencement of this a6fr, within the said provinces, or either of a. them, or in any part thereof respectively, shall remain and con continue so, tinue to be of the same force, authority, and effect, in each of the except repeat taid provinces respectively, as if this acct had not been made, and as if the said province of Quebec had not been divided; except in'1 } so far as the same are expressly repealed or varied by thisfaci, or in so far as the same shall or may hereafter, by virtue of and under the authority of this act, be repealed or varied by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, by and with the advice and consent of the legislative councils and assemblies of the said provinces respective ly, or in so far as the same may be repealed or varied by such temporary laws or ordinances as may be made in the manner herein after specified.

XXXIV. And whereas by an ordinance passed in the province of Quebec, the governor and council of the said province were constituted a court of civil jurisdiction, for hearing and determining appeals in certain cases therein specified, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the governor, or lieutenant governor, or person Establishment administering the government of each of the said provinces re cfvil^uriwkf spedlively, together with such executive council as shall be ap ich pointed by his Majesty for the affairs of such province shall be a province, court of civil jurisdiction within each of the said provinces respectively,

for hearing and determining appeals within the same, in the like cases, and in the like manner and form, and fub jei to such appeal therefrom, as such appeals might before the passing of this ai have been heard and determined by the governor and council of the province of Quebec \ but subjecti nevertheless to such further or other provisions as may be made in this behalf, by any act of the legislative council and assembly of either of the

Carleton, C and

304 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 3?. {179

the said provinces respectively, assented to by his Majesty, his heirs or fuccfcifors.

i4geo.3*c. 83.

XXXV. And whereas, by the above mentioned act passed in the ancj fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, it was declared,

'That the clergy of the church of Rome, in the province of Quebec, might hold, receive, and enjoy their accustomed dues and rights, with respect to such persons only as Should profess the said religion, provided nevertheless, that it Should be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs or fuc cessors, to make such provision out of the ref of the said accustomed dues and rights, for the encouragement of the prof eft ant region, and for the maintenance andsupport of a protefant clergy within the said province, as he or they Should from time to time think necessary and expe instructions of dient: and whereas by his Majesty's royal infir uftions, given under his Jan. 3, 1775, Majesty's royalfign manual on the third day of January, in the year to sir Guy our

Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy fve, to Guy Carleton esquire, now lord Dorchester, at that time his Majesty's captain-general and governor in chief in and over his Majesty's province of Quebec, his Majesty was pleased, amongst other things, to dire ft, u That no incumbent prof effing the religion of the church of Rome, appointed to any parish in the said province, Should be entitled to receive any tithes for lands or possessions occupied by a protefant, but that such tithes Should be received by such persons as the said Guy Carleton esquire, his Majesty's captain-general and governor in chief in and over his Majesty* $ said province of Quebec, Should appoint, and Should be reserved in the hands of his majesty's receiver-general of the said province, for the support of a protefant clergy in his Majesty's said province, to be actually resident within the same, and not otherwise, according to such directions as the said Guy Carleton esquire, his majesty's captain-general and governor in chief in and over his Majesty's said province, Should receive from his Majesty in that behalf, and that in like manner all growing rents and profits of a vacant benefice Should, during such vacancy, be reserved for and applied to the like inftmdtionsto uses* whereas his Majesty's pleasure has likewise been signifiedto sir Frederick ffoe same efife ft in his Majesty's royal infruftions, given in like manner to sir Frederick Haldimand knight of the mofi honourable order of the Bath, late his Majesty's captain-general and governor in chief in and over his majesty's said province of Quebec; and also in his majesty's royal infir uftions, given in like manner to the said right honourable Guy lord Dorchester, now his majesty's captain-general and governor in chief in and over his Majesty's said province of Quebec; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said declaration and provision contained in the said abovementioned at, and also the said provision so made by his Majesty in consequence thereof, by his instructions above recited, shall remain and continue to be of full force and effet in each of the said two provinces of Upper Rome to con Canada and Lower Canada respectively, except in so far as the tinue^nforce* declaration or provisions respectively, or any part thereof, shall be expressly varied or repealed by any a for as which may be passed by the legislative council and assembly of the said provinces respectively, and assented to by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, under the reflation herein after provided.

sir Frederick Haldimand, and to lord Dorchester, recited;

and the declaration and provisions therein respecting the clergy of the church of

1791 anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 31. 305'

XXXVI. And whereas his Majesty has been graciously pleased by His Majesty's message to both houses of parliament, to express his royal desire to be en lament abled to make a permanent appropriation of lands in the said provinces, reciied. for the support and maintenance of a pr defiant clergy within the famey in proportion to such lands as have been already granted within the same by his Majesty: and whereas his Majesty has been graciousy pleased., by his said message, further to signify his royal desire that such provision may be made, with respect to all future grants of land within the said provinces respectively, as may best conduce to the due and sufficient support and maintenance of a protestant clergy within the said provinces

in proportion to such increase as may happen in the population and cultivation thereof: therefore, for the purpose of more effectually fidfilling his Majesty's gracious intentions as aforesaid, and of provide ing for the due execution of the same in all time to comey be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful His Majesty for his Majesty, his heirs or successors, to authorise the governor authorise or lieutenant governor of each of the said provinces respectively, to^akcf allot or the person administering the government therein, to make, ments of lands from and out of the lands of the crown within such provinces, for the sup such allotment and appropriation of lands, for the support and maintenance of a protestant clergy within the same, as may bear A eaachcpro^ a due proportion to the amount of such lands within the same as yince: have at any time been granted by or under the authority of his Majesty: and that whenever any grant of lands within either of the said provinces shall hereafter be made, by or under the authority of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, there shall at the same time be made, in respect of the same, a proportionable allotment and appropriation of lands for the abovementioned purpose, within the township or parish to which such lands so to be granted shall appertain or be annexed, or as nearly adjacent thereto as circumstances will admit; and that no such grant shall be valid or effectual unless the same shall contain a specification of the lands so allotted and appropriated, in respect of the lands to be thereby granted; and that such lands, so allotted and appropriated, shall be, as nearly as the circumstances and nature of the case will admit, of the like quality as the lands in respect of which the same are so allotted and appropriated, and shall be, as nearly as the same can be estimated at the time of making such grant, equal in value to the seventh part of the lands so granted.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the rents, profits or emoluments, which may and the relit at any time arise from such lands so allotted and appropriated as arising from aforesaid, shall be applicable solely to the maintenance and sup ^entiftobe port of a protestant clergy within the province in which the same applicable to shall be situated, and to no other use or purpose whatever. that purpose

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore solely.

said, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs or His Majesty successors, to authorise the governor or lieutenant governor overnor

each of the said provinces respectively, or the person administer, "^,

the government therein, from time to time, with the advice vice of the.

of such executive council as shall have been appointed by his Ma executive '

Vp LXXXVII X jesty, coancato

36

efe6t parsonages, and endow them 5

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 31. [1791.

jesty, his heirs or successors, within such province, for the affairs thereof, to constitute-and erebl, within every township or parish which now is or hereafter may be formed, constituted, or erebled within such province, one or more parsonage or reblory, or parsonages or reblories, according to the establishment of the church of England; and from time to time, by an instrument under the great seal of such province, to endow every such parsonage or reblory with so much or such part of the lands lb allotted and appropriated as aforesaid, in respect of any lands within such township or parish, which hall have been granted subsequent to the commencement of this act, or of such lands as may have been allotted and appropriated for the same purpose, by or in virtue of any inllrublion which may be given by his Majesty, in respect of any lands granted by his Majesty before the commencement of this act, as such governor, lieutenant governor, or person administering the government, shall, with the advice of the said executive council, judge to be expedient under the then exilling cir cumllances of such township or parish.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs or fuc lent hi cum 6" ce^ors5 to authorise the governor, lieutenant governor, or person bents to administering the government of each of the said provinces them, who are respectively, to present to every such parsonage or reblory an into enjoy the cumbent or minister of the church of England, who shall have been duly ordained according to the rites of the said church, and to supply from time to time such vacancies as may happen therein; and that every person so presented to any such parsonage or reblory, shall hold and enjoy the same, and all rights, profits and emoluments thereunto belonging or granted, as fully and amply, and in the same manner, and on the same terms and conditions, and liable to the performance of the same duties, as the incumbent of a parsonage or reblory in England.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho presentations rity aforesaid, That every such presentation of an incumbent or and th^eer?68* mmi^er to any parsonage or reblory, and also the enjoyment

joyment of an Peonage or rcvtory, and of the rights, profits, and them, to be emoluments thereof, by any such incumbent or minister, shall be subject to the subject and liable to all rights of institution, and all other spiritual jurisdiction ancj ecclesiastical jurisdiction and authority, which have been law bishop of 6 mly granted by his majesty's royal letters patent to the bishop of Kova Scotia, Nova Scotia, or which may hereafter, by his majesty's royal au c. thority, be lawfully granted or appointed to be administered and

executed within the said provinces, or either of them respectively, by the said bishop oi Nova Scotia, or by any other person or persons,

according to the laws and canons of the church of England, which are lawfully made and received in England.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho provisions re rity aforesaid, That the several provisions herein before contained, spebting the respecting the allotment and appropriation of lands for the support faikirforvhe a prote^ant clergy within the said provinces, and also respect support of a in the constituting, erebling, and endowing parsonages or rec

a'caries

and the go

same, as incumbents in England.

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 31. 307

tories within the said provinces, and also respecting the presenta protestant tien of incumbents or ministers to the same, and also respecting varied

the manner in which such incumbents or ministers shall hold and ^peawiby enjoy the same, shall be subject to be varied or repealed by any the legislative express provisions for that purpose, contained in any adfc or acts council and which maybe pasted by the legislative council and assembly of the assembly. said provinces respectively, and assented. to by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, under the restriction herein after provided.

XLII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whenever any actor as shall be pasted a(fts of the by the legislative council and assembly of either of the said provinces, containing any provisions to vary or repeal the above recited assembly, con declaration and provision contained in the said act passed in the timing provi fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty; or to vary or sons to the

effect herein mentioned to

repeal the above recited provision contained in his majesty's royal instructions, given on the third day of January, in the year of our belaid before Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventy ftve, to the said parliament, Guy Carleton esquire, now lord Dorchester; or to vary or repeal previous the provisions herein before contained for continuing the force j*fty> 1 and effedf of the said declaration and provisions; or to vary or re assent, C peal any of the several provisions herein before contained respecting the allotment and appropriation of lands for the support of a protestant clergy within the said provinces; or respecting the constituting, erecting, or endowing parsonages or redfories within the said provinces; or respecting the presentation of incumbents or ministers to the same; or respecting the manner in which such incumbents or ministers shall hold and enjoy the same: and also that whenever any act or acts shall be so pasted, containing any provisions which shall in any manner relate to or affect the enjoyment or exercise of any religious form or mode of worftiip; or shall impose or create any penalties, burdens, disabilities, or dif qualincations in respect of the lame; or shall in any manner relate to or affect the payment, recovery, or enjoyment of any of the accustomed dues or rights herein before mentioned; or shall in any manner relate to the granting, imposing, or recovering any other dues, or stipends, or emoluments whatever, to be paid to or for the use of any minister, priest, ecclesiastick, or teacher, according to any religious form or mode of worftiip, in respect of his said office or function; or shall in any manner relate to or affect the establishment or discipline of the church of England., amongst: the ministers and members thereof within the said provinces; or shall in any manner relate to or affect the king's prerogative touching the granting the waste lands of the crown within the said provinces; every such act or acts shall, previous to any declaration or signification of the king's alient thereto, be laid before both houses of parliament in Great Britain; and that it shall not be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs 'or successors, to signify his or their assent to any such act or acts, until thirty days after the same shall have been laid before the said houses, or to afient to any such act or acts, in case either house of parliament shall, within the said thirtydays, address his Majesty, his heirs*X 2 or

Lands in Upper Canada to be granted in free and common foecage, and also in Lower Canada if desired.

Persons holding lands in Upper Canada, may have fresh grants.

Such Fresh grants, not to bar any right or title to the knds.

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 31. f 179 r.

or successor?, to withhold his or their afient from such act or acts; and that no such act hall he valid or effectual to any of the said purposes, within either of the said provinces, unless the legislative council and assembly of such province shall, in the session in which the same shall have been passed by them, have presented to the governor, lieutenant governor, or person administering the government of such province, an address or addrefies, specifying that such act contains provisions for some of the said purposes herein before specially described, and desiring that, in order to give effect to the same, such act Should be transmitted to England, without delay, for the purpose of being laid before parliament previous to the signification of his majesty's assent thereto.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all lands which shall be hereafter granted within the said province of Upper Canada shall be granted in free and common soccage, in like manner as lands are now held in free and common soccage, in that part of Great Britain called England and that in every case where lands shall be hereafter granted within the said province of Lower Canada, and where the grantee thereof hall desire the same to be granted in free and common soccage, the same shall be so granted; but subject nevertheless to such alterations, with respect to the nature and consequences of such tenure of free and common soccage, as may be established by any law or laws which may be made by his Majesty, his heirs or fuc eeflors, by and with the advice and consent of the legislative council and assembly of the province.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons holding any lands in the said province of Upper Canada, by virtue of any certificate of occupation derived under the authority of the governor and council of the province of htebec, and having power and authority to alienate the same, hall at any time, from and after the compnencement of this act, surrender the same into the hands of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, by petition to the governor or lieutenant governor, or person administering the government of the said province, setting forth that he, she, or they is or are desirous of holding the same in free and common soccage, such governor or lieutenant governor, or person administering the government, hall thereupon cause.a fresh grant to be made to such person or persons of such lands, to be held in free and common soccage.

XLV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such surrender and grant hall not avoid or bar any right or title to any such lands so surrendered, or any interest in the same, to which any person or persons, other than the person or persons surrendering the same, hall have been intituled, either in poflection, remainder, or reversion, or otherwise, at the time of such surrender; but that every such surrender and grant shall be made subject to every such right, title, and interest, and that every such right, title, or interest shall be as valid and effectual as if such surrender and grant had never been made.

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c." 31. 309

XLVI. And whereas by an act passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for removing all doubts i8g^o.3.0.1a. and apprehensions concerning taxation by the parliament of Great recited Britain, in any of the colonies, provinces, and plantations in North America, and the West Indies; and for repealing so much of an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, as imposes a duty on tea imported from Great Britain into any colony or plantation in America, or relates thereto, it has been declared, u That the King and parliament of Great Britain will not imp ofe any duty, tax, or affluent what ever, payable in any of his Majesty's colonies, provinces, and plantations in North America or the West Indies, except only such duties as it may be expedient to impofefor the regulation of commerce, the net produce of such duties to ... be always paid and applied to and for the use of the colony, province, or plantation in which the same shall be respectively levied, in such manner as other duties colie bled by the authority of the respective general courts or general assemblies of such colonies, provinces, or plantations, are ordinarily paid and appliedand whereas it is necessary, for the general benefit of the British empire, that such pozuer of regulation of commerce Should continue to be exercised by his Majesty, his heirs or fuc cessors, and the parliament of Great Britain, subject nevertheless to the condition herein before recited, with respect to the application of any duties which may be imposed for that purpose be it therefore enacted This act not to by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall prevent the extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent or affect the execu an^a&ofar tien of any law which hath been or shall at any time, be made by Lament, estab his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the parliament of Great lishing prohi britain, for establishing regulations or prohibitions, or for impo bitions or im sing, levying, or collecting duties for the regulation of navigation, or for the regulation of the commerce to be carried on be tien of naviga tweeri the said two provinces, or between either of the said pro tien andcom vinces and any other part of his majesty's dominions, or be, merce, C tween either of the said provinces and any foreign country or state, or for appointing and directing the payment of drawbacks of such duties so imposed, or to give to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, any power or authority, by and with the advice and consent of such legislative councils and assemblies respectively, to vary or repeal any such law or laws, or any part thereof, or in any manner to prevent or obstruct the execution thereof.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the net produce of ail duties which shall be so Such duties to imposed shall at all times hereafter be applied to and for the use f th/ui^of the each of the said provinces respectively, and in such manner only respets: iveproas shall be directed by any law or laws which may be made by his vinces. Majesty, his heirs or successors, by and with the advice and consent of the legislative council and assembly of such province.

XL

VIII. And whereas, by reason of the difiance of the said provinces from this country, and of the change to be made by this act in the government thereof, it may be necessary that there Should be same interval of time between the notification of this act to the said provinces

io Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 32. [1791.

respectively, and the day of its commencement within the said provinces respectively: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid,

His Majestyin That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, with the advice

co^cil to of his privy council, to six and declare, or to authorise the gover

commence^or ^eutenant governor of the province of Quebec, or the per

ment of this son administering the government there, to six and declare the

ad, C day of the commencement of this a within the said provinces

respectively, provided that such day shall not be later than the

thirty first day of december in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Time for ifiu That the time to be fixed by his Majesty, his heirs or successors,

ing the writs or uncjer his or their authority, by the governor, lieutenant p'o of summons r, n &, rb.

and election vernor, or person administering the government in each or the

See. not to be said provinces respectively, for issuing the writs of summons and

laterthandec. election, and calling together the legislative councils and afiem

31? 1793'* blies of each of the said provinces respectively, shall not be later

than the thirty first day of december in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

L Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority -

Between the aforesaid, That during such interval as may happen between the

commence commencement of this aid, within the said provinces respectively,

ad11 and that anc meeting of the legislative council and assembly of each

first meeting of the said provinces respectively, it shall and may be lawful for

of the legifla the governor or lieutenant governor of such province, or for the

tive council person administering the government therein, with the consent

tern orar^1^ major Part f such executive council as shall be appointed

laws may be by his Majesty for the affairs of such province, to make tempo

made, rary laws and ordinances for the good government, peace, and

welfare of such province, in the same manner, and under the same restrictions, as such laws or ordinances might have been made by the council for the affairs of the province of Quebec, constituted

by virtue of the abovementioned add of the fourteenth year of the

reign of his present Majesty; and that such temporary laws or

ordinances shall be valid and binding within such province, until the expiration of six months after the legislative council and assembly

of such province shall have been firs assembled by virtue of and under the authority of this add; subject nevertheless to be

sooner repealed or varied by any law or laws which may be made by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, by and with the advice and consent of the said legislative council and assembly.

CAP. XXXII.

An alto relieve, upon conditions, and under" rejlridlions, the persons therein defer ibed, from certain penalties and disabilities to which papists, or persons prof effing the popish religion, are by law subsefi.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by diverse laws now in force, diverse penalties and

disabilities have been imposed on papists or persons prof effing the popish religion, or holding communion with the see of Rome, and their

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. jr 31i

children, and certain principles have been attributed to them which are dangerous to society and civil liberty, and which they are willing to disclaim: and whereas it is expedient that suck persons as shall take the oath of allegiance, abjuration, and, declaration herein after mentioned, shall be relieved fromjome of the penalties and disabilities aforesaid; it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's mot excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority. of the same, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day Roman catho of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, it shall be licksmaymake lawful for persons professing the Roman catholic: religion person ^kration^ ally to appear in any of his majesty's courts/0f chancery, king's anc, bench, common pleas, or exchequer, at Westminster, or in any which are to court of general quarter sessions of and for the county, city, or remain in the place, where such person shall reside, and there in open court, ^twllre between the hours of nine in the morning and two in the after maje. noon, take, make, and subscribe the following declaration and oath; videlicet,

I A.B. do hereby declare, That I do profess the roman catholic Declaration. religion.

I A.B. do fencer ely promise and swear, That I will be faithful ai: d Oath.

bear true allegiance to his majesty King George the Thirds and him will defend to the utmofe of my power againfe all conspiracies and attempts whatever that shall be made against his person crown, or dignity; and I will do my utmofe endeavour to disclose and make known to his Majesty, his heirs andfeuccessors, all treasons and iralterous conspiracies which may be formed againfe him or them: and I do faithfully promise to maintain fsupporty and defend, to the nlmost of my power, the successeon of the crown \ which successeon, by an aff, entitled., An act for the further limitation of the crown, and better securing the rights and liberties of the subject, is and lands limited to the princej's Sophia elettrefs and duchess dowager of Hanover, and the heirs of her body, being protefeants; hereby utterly renouncing and abjuring any obedience or allegiance unto any other person claiming or pretending a right to the crown of these realms: and I do five ar. That I do reject and detefe, as an unchristian and impiouspofetion, that it is lawful to murder or deferoy any person or persons whatsoever, for or under pretence of their being heretics or infidels, and also that unchristian and impious principle, that faith is not to be kept with heretics or infidels: and Ifurther declare, That it is not an article of ny faith, and that I do renounce, reject, and abjure the opinion, that princes excommunicated by the pope and council, or any authority of the see from, or by any authority whatsoever, may be deposed or murdered by their subjects, or any person whatsoever: and I do promise That will not hold, nain tain, or abet any such opinion, or any other opinions contrary to what is expressed in this declaration: and I do declare, That I do not believe that the pope of Rome, or any other foreign prince, prelate, state, or potentate, hath) or ought to have, any temporal or civil jnrfdibfion,

X 4 power

power superlority>yor pre eminence dire Elly or tndirectly, within this realm: and I do folannly, in the presence of God, profess, tejiify and declare, that I do jnake this declaration, and every part thereof \ in the plain and ordinary sense of the words of this oath, without any evasion, equivocation, or mental reservation whatever; andzvithout any dispensation already granted by the pope, or any authority of the see of Rome, or any person whatever $ and without thinking that I an or can be acquitted before God or man, or absolved of this declaration, or any part thereof although the pope or any other person or authority whatsoever shall dispense with or annul the same, or declare that it was null or void.

So help me GOD.

Officer of the court to deliver certificates of the declaration and oath having been made,

which shall be sufficient evidence.

Lists of the persons who shall have taken the oath to be transmitted to the clerk of the privy council annually.

I Eliz. C

3 Eliz. C 1. 59 Eliz. C 6.

35 Eliz. C

Which said declaration and oath shall be subscribed by the person taking and making the same with the name at length, if such person can write, or with his mark, the name being written by the officer, where such person cannot write, such person or such officer, as the case may be, adding the title, addition and place of abode, of such person, and shall remain in such court of record: and the proper officer of such court respectively with whom the custody of such record shall remain, shall make, subscribe, and deliver a certificate of such declaration and oath having been duly made, taken, and subscribed, to the person who shall have so made, taken, and subscribed the same, if the same shall be demanded, immediately, for which certificate there shall be paid no greater fee or reward than two shillings; and such certificate, upon proof of the certifier's hand, and that he acted as such officer, shall be competent and sufficient evidence of such persons having duly made, taken, and subscribed such declaration and oath, unless the same shall be falsified.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said officer with whom such records are kept as aforesaid shall, yearly, on or before the twenty-fifth day of December transmit to the clerk of his majesty's most honourable privy council, lists of the persons, with their titles, additions, and places of abode, who shall have made and subscribed such declaration and oath in the preceding year.

III. And whereas, by an act passed in the first year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituledr, An act for the uniformity of common prayer and service in the church, and administration of the sacraments; and by several other acts, namely, an act passed in the twenty third year of the reign of her said late Majesty, intituled An alto retain the queen's majesty's subjects in their due obedience; an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of her said late Majesty, intituled An act for the more speedy and due execution of certain branches of the Statute made in the twentyr third year of the queen's majesty's reign, intituled, u An act to retain the queen's majesty's subjects in their due obedience; " an act passed in the thirty fifth year of the reign of her said late Majesty, intituled An act for retraining of popish reeufants to some certain places of abode; an act passed in the second, or, as it is commonly, called in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King James the

179 to Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 32. 313

First, intituled An act for the due execution of the Statutes again*1) jesuits, seminary priests, recusants, et cetera', an act passed in the Jac*c'4' third year of the reign of his said late majesty King James the First, intituled An act for the better discovering and reprefiing popish 3 Jac*4* recusants; ^puffed'in the said third year of his said late majesty King James the First, intituled An act to prevent and avoiddangdrs 31^x cd which may grow by popish recusants; an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his said late majesty King James the First, intituled An act for administering the oath of allegiance and refor 7 Jac*C 6* mation in married women, recusants; persons are required to reclt(1* resort to their parish church or chapel, or some usual place where the Common prayer shall be used, upon pain of incurring the punishments and disabilities in the said acts respectively mentioned; and also are liable to prosecution and penalties for keeping or having in their houses any servant or other person not so resorting: now be it further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June one No roman thousand seven hundred and ninety one, no person professing the roman catholic religion, who shall take and subscribe the oath taken the oath herein before appointed to be taken and subscribed, shall be Con appointed, to victed or prosecuted upon, or shall be liable to be prosecuted upon, be prosecuted the said last recited Statutes, or any of them, or upon any other fr Statute, or any other law of this realm, by indictment, informa church, tien, action of debt, or otherwise, or shall be prosecuted in any CC ecclesiastical court for not resorting or repairing to his or her parish church or chapel, or some other usual place of common prayer, to hear divine service, and join in public worship according to the forms and rites of the church of England., as by law established, or for keeping or having any servant or other person, being a papist, or reputed papist, or person professing the popish religion, who shall not so resort or repair to his or her parish church or chapel, or some such other usual place of common prayer as aforesaid.

IV. And whereas, by several acts, namely, the said act passed in the 23 Eliz. C u twenty-third year of the reign of her said late majesty Fjueen Elizabeth; an act passed in the twenty seventh year of the reign of her said late majesty, intituled An act against jesuits, seminary piiefts, and 27 Eliz. C a. other suchlike disobedient persons; said act passed in the thirty fifth year of the reign of her said late majesty jffueen Elizabeth; the ZS Eh C*act passed in the first year of the reign of his said late majesty King James the First; the said secondmentioned aft, passed in the third year % (vulgo 1) of the reign of his said late majesty king James the First; an act passed Jac IC 4* in the third year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the First, 3 ac C intituled An act to restrain the passing of any to be popilhly 3 Car. ic. 2. bred beyond the seas; and afiaft passed in the twenty-fifth year of the anc reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act5 Car. a. C 2. for preventing dangers which may happen from popish recusants; rec, ted. papists, reputed papists, persons prof effing or educated in the popish religion, popish recusants, popish recusants convict, persons reconciled to or holding communion with the see of Rome, popish bishops, priejls, or deaeons, persons entering or belonging to any ecclesiastical order or community of the church of Rome, persons hearing r saying mass, or

314 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 32.

[179r,

being present at, or conforming toy or performing or observing any rite, ceremony, practice, or observance of the church of Rome, or maintaining or assi/iing others therein, are made subject to the punishments penalties y and disabilities therein mentioned: now be it further enacted, No person That, from and after the said twenty fourth day of June one thou who shall have fani seven hundred and ninety one, no person who hall take and pointed^ath* fabscribe the oath herein before appointed to be taken and fub prosecutable scribed in manner hereby required, shall be presented, indieted, for being a sued, impeached, prosecuted, or convicted, in any civil or ecclesi papist, See. astical court of this realm, for being a papist, or reputed papist, or for professing or being educated in the popish religion, or for hearing or saying mass, or for being a priest or deacon, or entering or belonging to any ecclesiastical order or community of the church of.rome, 'or for being present at, or performing or observing any rite, ceremony, practice or observance of the popish religion, or maintaining or assisting others therein.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no place of congregation, or assembly for religious worship, shall be permitted or allowed by this at, until the place of such meeting shall be certified to the justices of the peace, at the general or quarto shall be certi sessions of the peace for the county, city, or place in which fuen meeting shall be held, and until the place of such meeting shall be recorded at the said general or quarter sessions; the clerk of the peace whereof is hereby required to record the same, and to give a certificate thereof to such personas hall demand the same, for which there shall be no greater fee or reward taken than the sum of sixpence; and that no person in holy orders, or pretended holy son to perform orders, whether as priest or as a minister of any other higher rank tical cfun^ion or or<^er3 perform any ecclesiastical function, or otherwise

therein, unti c^ate any pace of meeting, until his name, and his de his name, C feription, as a priest or minister, hall have been recorded at the berecordedby quarter or other general section of the peace for the county, or other division, or place, in which such place of meeting shall be situate, by the clerk of the peace of the said court; who is hereby required to record such name and description accordingly, upon demand by such person, and upon payment of sixpence as a fee or reward, and shall give a certificate thereof to such personas hall from time to time demand the same, for which certificate no greater fee or reward shall be taken than two billings; and no priest or minister of any rank, in holy orders, or pretended holy orders, who hall officiate in any such place of meeting, not so recorded as aforesaid, hall be deemed to be within the benefit of this at, for any purpose whatsoever.

No such place

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if arty be locked^du of persons professing the roman catholic religion hall

ring the meet be m any place for religious worship, with the doors locked, ing. barred, or bolted during any time of such meeting together, all and every person and persons, who shall come to or be at such meeting, shall not receive any benefit from this law; but, notwithstanding having taken the aforesaid oath of allegiance, abjuration, and declaration, shall5 from the tim of conviction, be {iable to the same

pains

No assembly for religious woiiliip allowed under this act: till it

fied to the quarter sessions, See.

nor any per

the clerk of the peace

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 32. 315

pains and penalties, for such their meeting, as if this act had not been made.

VII. And be it further eriaft'e the roman catholic religion hall hereafter be chosen or otherwise th^office appointed to bear the office of high constable, or petty conflabie, 0fconstable, churchwarden, overseer of the poor, or' any other parochial or C by deputy, ward office, and such person shall scruple to take upon him any

of the said offices, in regard of the oaths or any other matter or thing required by the law to be taken or done in respect of such office, every such person shall and may execute such office or employment by a sufficient deputy by him to be provided that hall comply with the Jaws in this behalf; but the said deputy shall be allowed and approved by such person or persons, in such manner as such officer or officers respectively Should by law have been allowed and approved.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every priest, or other Ministers of person in holy orders, or pretended holy orders, being a minister, any roman ca teacher, or preacher of any congregation of persons professing the lation who roman catholic religion, who shall take and subscribe the afore take the said oath of allegiance, abjuration, and declaration, in manner aforesaidoath, herein before prescribed, shall from thenceforth be exempted from exempted from serving upon any jury, or from being chosen or'appointed to bear ^ginj!con the office of churchwarden, overseer of the poor, or any other pa9rochial or ward office, or other office, in any hundred of any Shire, city, town, parish, division, or wapentake.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Laws for fre laws made and provided for the frequenting of divine service on questing of the lord's day, commonly called Sunday, shall be still in force, divine ferviqe and executed against all persons who hall offend against the said force muein laws, unless such persons hall come to some congregation or assembly of religious worship permitted by this act, or by an act passed in the first year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An act for exempting their Majesties protestant subjects, dissenting from the church of England, from the penalties of certain laws.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Penalty on do and shall, willingly and of purpose, maliciously or contemptu pei*ffins dil ously come into any place of congregation, or assembly of reli gj egatfon^, 1 or gious worship, permitted by this act, and disquiet or disturh the mifufing same, or misuse any priest, miniffer, preacher, or teacher therein, priests.

such person or persons, upon proof thereof before any justice of the peace, by two or more sufficient witnesses, hall find two sureties of the peace, to be bound, by recognisance, in the penal sum of fifty pounds, and, in default of such sureties, shall be committed to prison, there to remain till the next general or quarter fef fiori, and, upon conviction of the said offence, at the said general or quarter session, hall suffer the pain and penalty of twenty pounds, to the use of the king's majesty, his heirs and successors.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no bene Ad not to ex sit in this act contained shall extend, or be confirmed to extend, to ^0t|^.jcoman any roman catholic ecclesiastick permitted by this act, who shall ckfiasticks^n'

officiate certain cases

d, That if any person professing Roman catho

3*6

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 32. [1791.

officiate in any place of congregation or assembly for religious worship permitted by this act, with a steeple and bell, or at any funeral in any church or churchyard, or who shall exercise any of the rites or ceremonies of his religion, or wear the habits of his order, save within some place of congregation or assembly for religious worship permitted by this act, or in a private house, where there shall not be more than five persons assembled, besides those of the household, or who shall not previously to his so officiating or exercising his functions as aforesaid have taken and tub scribed the oath of allegiance, abjuration, and declaration hereby appointed to betaken as aforesaid.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing jicksfro^pay herein contained shall be construed to exempt any such person ing tithes, C professing the roman catholic religion, from paying tithes or other parochial duties, or any other duties to the church or minister, or from any prosecution in any ecclesiastical court, or elsewhere, for the same; or to repeal any part of the act made in the twenty6geo C year t^le rein * h^s ate majesty King George the Second,

lct a, c*335 intituled An act for the better preventing of clandestine marriagex, or any parts of any other Statutes concerning marriages; or to give any ease, benefit, or advantage to any person who shall, by preaching, teaching, or writing deny or gainsay the oath of allegiance, abjuration, and declaration, herein before mentioned and appointed to be taken as aforesaid, or the declarations or doctrines therein contained, or any of them; or to repeal or affect any law now in force concerning the right or succession to, or the limitation of, the crown.

No roman

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, catholic who That no ecclesiastic or other person professing the roman catho frrall take the re|jgion, who shall take and subscribe the oath of allegiance, abjuration, and declaration, herein before mentioned and appointed

to be taken and subscribed as aforesaid, shall be prosecuted in any court whatsoever, for teaching and instructing youth, as a

nor to exempt roman catho

nor to repeal any part of

prosecutable for teaching youth;

but no roman tutor or schoolmaster, any law or Statute to the contrary not with catholic to standing.

hold the maf.

XIV. Provided always, That no person professing the roman tership of any catholic religion shall obtain or hold the mastership of any col ' schoo^of ro al ease or royal foundation, or of any other endowed col

foundation, lege or school for the education of youth, or shall keep a school in either of the universities of Oxford and Cambridge.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no schoolmaster professing the roman catholic religion shall receive into his school, for education, the child of

Sec.

No roman catholic schoolmaster

to educate in -. n -.

his school any anyprfestant father.

child of a prox

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority

testant father, aforesaid, That no person professing the roman catholic reli nor to keep a gion shall be permitted to keep a school for the education of school until youth, until his or her name and description as a roman catho fhahhave been schoolmaster or school mistress shall have been recorded at recorded by the quarter or general session of the peace for the County or other the clerk of division or place where such school shall be situated, by the clerk the peace. 'of

No religious order, C to be founded by roman catho licks, CI

Eliz. C I

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 32. 317

of the peace of the said court, who is hereby required to record such name and description accordingly, upon demand by such person, and to give a certificate thereof to such personas shall at any time demand the same; and no person offending in the premises shall receive any benefit of this act.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained hall make it lawful to found, endow, or establish any religious order or society of persons bound by monastic or religious vows, or to found, endow, or establish any school, academy, or college, by persons professing the roman, ca tholick religion, within these realms, or the dominions thereunto belonging; and that all uses, trusts, and dispositions, whether of real or personal property, which immediately before the said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, shall be deemed to be superstitious or unlawful, shall continue to be so deemed and taken, anything in this act - contained notwithstanding.

XV

III. And whereas by an act made in the first year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act to re (tore to the crown the ancient jurisdiction over the estate, ecclesiastical and spiritual, and abolishing all foreign powers repugnant to the same, the persons therein mentioned were made compellable to take, the path therein mentioned, commonly called The Oath of Supremacy: and whereas by an act made in the third year of the reign of his late majesty King James the First, intituled An act for the better discover ing and repressing popish recusants, another oath, commonly called The Oath of Allegiance or Obedience, was required to be taken by the persons therein mentioned: and whereas by an act made in the first session of the first year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An act for the abrogating the oaths of supremacy and allegiance, and appointing other oaths, the said oaths^so required by the said a fts of the first Elizabeth and the third of James the First, were abrogated, and a new oath of allegiancey and a new oath of supremacy, were introduced and required to be taken: and whereas by an act made in the second session of the first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, \ An act for the further security of his majesty's person and government, and the succession of the crown in the heirs of the late princess Sophia, being protestants; and for extinguishing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and secret abettors, amongst other oaths thereby appointed to be taken, one is an oath of supremacy, in the same words as the oath offupremacy required by the J'aid recited act of the first session of the first year of King William and Queen Mary; and whereas, under the provisons of the said two last recited a fts, persons in general are liable to have the oath offupremacy therein mentioned tendered to themy and are exposed to penalties for not taking such oath when tender ed^ as is required by the said two last recited a fts respectively: and whereas.by the said act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his said mafcjly King Charles the Secondthere is con Isr0 person to taineda declaration, commonly called The Declaration against Tran be summoned substantiation; be it further enacted, That, from and after the to take the said required

3 Jac. 1. C 4.

1 Gul Sc Mar. fess. ic. 8.

igeo.i.fef.*. C 13.

3x8 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 32. [1791.

by 1 Gul. tz said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and 8^rthe# n*nety northeast no person shall be summoned to take the oath and declaration mae the declaration abovementioned, or be prosecuted for. not required by obeying such summons.

25 Car. a. C 2.

XIX. And be it also enacted, That, from and after the said nor 1 Gul. & twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety mar. (till. 1. one the act passed in the first year of the reign of their majesties to roma^ca*villiam and Queen Mary, intituled An act for the removing

tholicks who papljb, an reputed papists, from the cities of London and west have taken the minster, hall not extend, or be deemed, taken, or construed to appointed extend, to any person professing the roman catholic religion, oath. who take and subscribe the oath of allegiance, abjuration,

and declaration, herein before appointed to be taken and subscribed*

XX. And whereas by a clause in an act passed in the thirtieth year 30 Car. 2. of the reign of King Charles the Second intituled An act for the flat. 2. clause more effectual preserving the king's person and government, by

5. recited; disabling papists from sitting in either house of parliament, it was enabled, 'That, amongst other persons therein described, every peer of the realm of England, and member of the house of peers, and every peer of the kingdom of Scotland, or of the kingdom of Ireland, being of the age of one and twenty years or upwards, not having taken the oaths and declaration therein mentioned, and who Should come advisedly into or remain in the presence of the ring's majesty or Queen Majesty, or Should come into the court or house where they or any of them reside, as well during the reign of his then Majesty, as during the reigns of any his royal successors, Kings or Queens of England, Should incur all the pains, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities in the said act mentioned or contained, unless such peers jhoidd, in the next term after such his coming or remaining, take the said oaths, and make and subscribe the said declaration in his majesty's high court of chancery, between the hours of nine and twelve in the forenoon: now be it further and no peer enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June who shall have one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, no peer of Great ftnt cfoath" Britain or Ireland, or member of the house of peers of Great bri beviable to tain or f t^le kingdom of Ireland, professing the roman catholic prosecution religion, who hall take and subscribe the oath of allegiance,

abjuration,

under that act. juration, and declaration, herein before appointed to be taken and subscribed, shall be liable to be prosecuted for such offence, in the said recited act of the thirtieth year of King Charles the Second, or be liable to any of the pains, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities for breach of the provision in the said clause contained, or be otherwise deemed to fall within, or be affected by, any part of the said provision.

XXI. And whereas by an act passed in the second session of the first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, 1 Geo i.fest.a. An act to oblige papists to register their names and real estates, .55. and all and every such person and persons as therein are described are, in default of taking, within the time thereby limited, the several oaths of allegiance, supremacy, and abjuration, required by the said act passed he the first session of the first year of the reign of his said late majesty King Cieorge the First hereinbefore recited, and of repeating and subscribing

31?

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 32.

the declaration against transubstantiation and popery, expressed in and required by the said act f affect in the second session of the thirtieth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, required to register their names, and also their lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in manner and under the penalties in the said now reciting Statute mentioned and expressed: and whereas by an act, paffd in the third year of the reign of his said majesty King George, the First, intituled An act for ex 3 Geo. ic, plaining an act passed in the last fefeon of parliament, intituled, recited,

"An act to oblige papists to register their names and real estates and for enlarging the time of such registering, and for securing purchases made by protestants, and by other subsequent acts, it is enacted, "That no manors, lands, or any interest therein, or relit Gr profit thereout, hall pass, alter, or change from any papist or p erf on prof effing the popish religion by any deed or will, except such deed within six months after the date, and such will within six months after the death of the testator, be inroiled in one of the king's courts of record at Westminster, or within the county wherein the manors or lands do lie: now be it further enacted, That the said two last recited acts, and repealed; passed in the first and third years of the reign of his said majesty King George the First, and also such parts of all other acts as require the registery of the names and estates of persons being papists, or professing the popish religion, or being reputed to be such, shall be, and the same are hereby utterly repealed, abrogated, and made void; and, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June and no person one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, no person whatsoever liable to pro shall be prosecuted, sued, molested, or otherwise affected by reason ^o^havinr of not having complied with or conformed to the said hereby re complied pealed acts and parts of acts or any of them; and all deeds and therewith, wills shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, be as good and effectual, both at law and in equity, and to and for all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if the said hereby repealed acts and parts of acts had never been made.

XXII. And whereas by an act passed in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled An act re 7 & 8 Gul. 3. quiring the praftifers of laws to take the oaths and subscribe the C 4* and declaration therein mentioned; and an act passed in the first year of the reign of his majesty King George the First, intituled An act for 1 Geo. r. the further security of his majesty's person and government, and stat; C r3 the succession of the crown in the heirs of the late princess Sophia, reate > an being protestants; and for extinguishing the hopes, of the pre, tended prince of Wales, and his open and fiecret abettors, allper sans acting as a counsellor at law, barrister, attorney, solicitor, clerk,

or notary, by practising in any manner as such in any court or courts whatsoever, not having, before the time of such acting, taken the oaths and declaration in the said acts respectively prescribed, are made liable to the penalties in the same acts respectively mentioned: now, be it further enacted, That the oaths and declaration in and by the said the oaths and last mentioned acts respectively mentioned and appointed to be ^rei^men taken and subscribed by persons acting as a counsellor at law, bar tij^nni^en* lister, attorney, solicitor, clerk, or notary, as in the said acts re longer to be, spectively required, but

320 the oath hereby appointed, to qualify persons to act as counsellors, cad

not to extend to Scotland.

[Preamble.]

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 33. [1791.

respectively is mentioned, shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, be no longer put or administered to, or required to be taken by, any person professing the roman catholic religion, as a qualification or requisite to enable him to ain the capacities aforesaid, or any of them, but the oath of allegiance, abjuration, and declaration, herein before appointed to be taken and subscribed, shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, be administered, taken, and subscribed to and by persons professing the ^roman catholic religion, and acting or requiring to at in the capacities aforesaid, or any of them, in the lead and place of the said oaths and declaration, and every of them; and in order thereto the oath of allegiance, abjuration, and declaration, herein before appointed to be taken and subscribed, may and shall be administered, taken, and subscribed in the same courts, and may and shall be registered in the same manner, as the oaths and declaration in the room of which it is hereby substituted, are by the als so preferring the same oaths and declaration respectively as aforesaid appointed to be administered, taken, subscribed, and registered, and when so taken, subscribed, and registered, shall, for the purpose of enabling persons professing the roman catholic religion to al in the capacities aforesaid, or any of them, have the same effect and operation, to all intents, constructions, and purposes whatsoever, as the oaths and declaration in the room of which it is hereby substituted.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this al contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for the payment of the sum of five hundred thousand pounds by the governor and company of the bank of England into the receipt of his Majestfs exchequer.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the governor and company of the bank of England have proposed to advance for the service of the publick, a loan offive hundred thousand pounds without any inter ejl for the same, on condition that if at any time the balance remaining in the hands of their C after y offums issued to him for the payment of dividends on account of the national debt which shall have been due previous to the quarterly payment then next preceding, shall be reduced to a less sum than six hundred thousand pounds, in such case so much of the said sum of five hundred thousand pounds shall be repaid to the said governor and company as shall be equal to the sum by which the said balance shall be less than the sum of six hundred thousand pounds; and in case, after the repayment of any pa ft of the said sum of five hundred thousand pounds, the fold balance shall at any time be again further reduced., in such casey as often as the same shall happen, such a further sum shall in like manner be repaid out of the remainder of the said five hundred thousand

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 34. 321

pounds to the foetid governor and company, as shall, together with the sum or sums before repaid., be equal to the whole sum by which the said balance J, hall be less than the sum offix hundred thousand pounds; and likewise upon the condition that the allowance for the charges of management of the public debt shall continue at the same rate as at present: we, therefore, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, do most humbly beleeph your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aftemb'ed, and by the authority of the same, That the said governor and company shall, on Bank to pay or before the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and ir)to exninety one, pay, or cause to be paid, into the receipt of his Ma 500^eo]. to jesty's exchequer, the sum of five hundred thousand pounds, which be carried to said sum of five hundred thousand pounds shall be carried to and the consoli made part of the fund called The Consolidated Fund. dated fund.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Whenever the if at any time hereafter the moneys remaining in the hands of the ^m^nthe governor and company of the bank of England, or their cashier ban^foi^pay or cathiers, which have been issued to him or them for the pay mentofdivi ment of all or any annuities or dividends to the creditors of the dends, ex public, in pursuance of the several acts of parliament in that be ^u^lv5lot^half, exclusive of the sums issued on account of such annuities or n

dividends as became due the quarter then next preceding, shall be those due the reduced to a less sum than six hundred thousand pounds, the said preceding governor and company, or their cashier or cashiers, shall forth with transmit a certificate of the same to the of of the J?q00q0] a^e treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, and also to deficiency to the auditor of the exchequer for the time being, containing a true be made up statement of the amount to which the said moneys shall then be immediately reduced; and that forthwith, on the same day on which any such outal certificate, containing such statement as aforesaid, shall be pre J fented to the said auditor at the receipt of the exchequer, the said auditor shall make out a proper debenture, directing the payment of such sum of money as it shall appear by such certificate the said balance shall be reduced under six hundred thousand pounds, which laid sum of money shall be forthwith, on the same day, issued and paid out of any money in the receipt of the exchequer of the aids or supplies granted to his Majesty for the service of the current year, or of any preceding year, or out of any moneys arising from the surplus of the consolidated fund, which may remain at the end of any quarter fof the disposition of parliament; and every such debenture being carried to the clerk of the pells, shall be forthwith recorded in the usual method in which debentures are by him recorded; and thereupon the teller or teliers, on whom any such debenture shall be charged, shall, upon the same being presented to him dr them, immediately pay, or cause to be paid, to the said cashier or cashiers, the sum contained in such debenture accordingly: and in case, after the repayment of any part of the said sum of five hundred thousand pounds, the said balance

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii TILL C 34. [1791.

shall at any time be again further reduced, in such case, as often as the same shall happen, such a further sum shall in like manner be repaid, out of the remainder of the said five hundred' thousand pounds, to the said governor and company as shall, together with the sum or sums before repaid, be equal to the whole sum by which the said balance shall be less than the sum of six hundred thousand pounds.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall continue to be i{tued and paid to the governor and of the5publick company of the bank of England, a sum for charges of management of the public debt, at the rate of four hundred and fifty pounds per annum, for each million of the capital, and at the same rate for all the annuities for terms of years, valuing the annuities at twenty-five years purchase, as usual, to make a nominal capital.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for enabling his Majesty to settle an annuity of twelve thousand pounds on his royal highnefi the duke of Clarence, during pleasure.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the com -- 1110ns of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, having taken into our consideration your majesty's most gracious message, wherein your Majesty has been pleased to declare that the additional charges, incurred on account of the establishment of the younger branches of the royal family, cannot be defrayed out of the moneys applicable to the purposes of your majesty's civil government, do most humbly befsech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice andconfi nt of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to an an or most excellent majesty, by any warrant or war

12, ooool.to the rants under his royal sign manual, to give and grant unto his duke of Cla royal highness William Henry duke of Clarence, his majesty's third from f01l5 for and during his majesty's royal will and pleasure, an an ou^o/the"7915 nuit not exceeding twelve thousand pounds of lawful money of consolidated Great Britain, which may commence and take eiredt from the fund. fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, and shall be paid quarterly at the four usual days of payment in the year; that is to say, Yhe fifth day of fuly, the tenth day of October, the fifth day of January, and the fifth day of April, in every year; and that the said annuity shall and may, by such warrant or warrants, be directed to be issuing and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon, the fund called The Consolidated Fund, (after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such sum and sums of money as hath or have been directed to be paid out of the same by any former a & or acts of parliament, but with preference to all other payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon and payable out of the said fund),

debt, at a certain rate.

[Preamble.]

His Majesty

The bank to be paid for

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 35, 36. 323

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Annuity pay the said annuity of twelve thousand pounds hall, during his Ma ahje at the jetty's royal will and pleasure, be paid and payable at the receipt of charge of his majesty's exchequer out of the said fund, and the auditor of the said receipt shall, and he is hereby required, by virtue of such warrant or warrants, to make forth and pass debentures, from time to time, for paying the said annuity as the same hall become due and payable, without any fees or charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any part thereof; and the acquittance or acquittances, receipt or receipts of his said royal highness, or of such other person or persons as shall be by him authorised and appointed to receive such annuity or any part fhereof, shall be a good and sufficient discharge for the payment thereof; and the said debentures to be made forth and patted upon the said warrant or warrants shall be a sufficient authority to the several and respective officers of the receipt of the exchequer, now and for the time being, for the payment of the said annuity to his said royal highness, during the continuance of the same, without any further or other warrant.to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf; and that the said annuity, so to be given and granted, shall be free and clear from all taxes, rates, and assessments, and all other charges whatsoever.

CAP. XXXV.

An act to render persons convicted of petty larceny competent witnesses.

WHEREAS 'persons convicted of grand larceny are by their Preamble punishment restored to their credit as witnesses, but persons convicted of petty larceny are rendered and remain wholly incompetent to be examined as witnesses; be it therefore enacted by the king's raoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, Persons con from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven victed of petty hundred and ninety one, no person shall be an incompetent wit larceny to be ness by reason of a conviction for petty larceny. witnesses.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act to prevent keels, pan keels, and pan boats, and other boats, and wains and carts being used in the removal or carriage of coals, after having. undergone any alterations or repairs; without being first inspected, re admeasured, marked, and nailed.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the sixth and seventh years of

[Preamble.]

the reign of King William the Third, intituled An act for 6 & 7 Gul. 3. the better admeasurement of keels and keel boats in the port of C 10. recitedo Newcastle, and the members thereunto belonging, it is amongst other things enacted, That of foall from time to time be appointed by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the admeasuring and marking all and every the keels, pan keels, and pan boats, and other boats, and' wains and carts used, or in any time hereafter to be used,

Y z for

324 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 36. [1791.

for the carriage of coals in the port s/'newcastle upon Tyne, Sunderland upon the r/w Wear, culler coats, Seaton Sluice, Blythr nook, and all other places within the counties of Northumberland and Durham, and all and every the members, havens, rivers, creeks, and places whatsoever, to the said port of newcastle and counties aforesaid belonging; <7* that the said of, a' them,

shall cause all and eve?y of the said keel boats, wains, dw ctfr/r, to be admeasured accordingly, the said keels and boats so admeasured to

be marked and nailed on each side the fern and stern, midship

thereof or otherwise, they the said of, three of

them, their discretions, hall dir eft and the said wains and carts to fie marked and nailed on the head and fides of the said wains, rtfrfr, or otherwise # the said of, or wy three of them, hall dir eft;

W that every keel, boat, wainy or cart, lubich ball carry any coals in any of the places aforesaid before they fall be admeasured, marked, nailed, # j aforesaid, shall be forfeited, together with the coals that shall be laden upon them; that in case, the admeasuring, markings

[and nailing of any keej boat, wain, or cart, the mark shall be removed or altered whereby tofrustrate the intent and meaning of this act, that every person or persons that shall have a hand in or be privy to the doing thereof shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds: and whereas on repair of such keels, or o/zo^r zo, wains or carts,

j 7/ztly Zww admeasured, marked, nailed, in pursuance of the

before recited act, zw^y frequently happen that the marks or nails are

removed, either by accident or otherwise, 'or such alteration may be made in the repairing of such keels, r, ywz boats, or other boats,

wainsy or cartsy as may render the contents of their lading very uncertain, whereby great injury may arise to the revenue, and to the buyers and sellers of coals: and whereas the said recited act extends only to heelsy boats, ivainsy or carts, which are newy and to insist the aforesaid penalty of ten pounds in cases only where the marks and nails have been removed with a fraudulent intent: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, if any keel, pan keel, pan boat, or other boat, wain, or cart, used in the carriage of coals, in any of the places mentioned in the said recited af, dial I, after the same shall have been duly admeasured, marked, and nailed, in pursuance of recited act, to the directions of the said recited act, be repaired or altered, without being whereby any such keel, pan keel, pan boat, or other boat, wain re admeasur or cart, will be capable of carrying a greater or less quantity of ed previous to coals than before such repair or alteration, or in case any of the being nfed, on najls or marks placed in or on any such keel, pan keel, pan boat, or other boat, wain or cart, in pursuance of the said recited at, shall be removed so that the loading cannot be ascertained in the usual and customary way, whether any of the nails or marks shall be removed by accident, necessary repairs, fraudulent design, or otherwise, such keel, pan keel, pan boat, or other boat, wain or cart, shall not be again used in the removal or carriage of coals

until

No keel, cussed in carriage of coals in any of the places mentioned in the

penalty of forfeiture

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 36. 325

until the said keel, pan keel, pan boat, or other boat, wain or cart, shall have been inspected by, and re admeasured, marked, and nailed, under the direction of the of appointed, or to be appointed, by virtue of the before recited act, under the penalty of the forfeiture of every such keel, pan keel, pan boat, or other'boat, wain or cart, soused, together with the coals that shall be laden or loaded in or upon them respectively.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Owners of in every case where any such keel, pan keel, pan boat, or other keels, so boat, wain or cart, shall have undergone any repair or alteration, thereof

or any alteration therein shall have taken place by accident or to the com otherwise, so that the true loading cannot be ascertained in the missioners, C usual and customary way, or where any fresh nails or marks are wanting and necessary in order to ascertain the true loading of such keel, pan keel, pan boat, or other boat, wain or cart, the owner or owners respectively, in case they intend again to use such keel, pan keel, pan boat, or other boat, wain or cart, shall give notice in writing to three or more of the said of appointed, or to be appointed, in pursuance of the said recited act,

(of whom two shall be principal officers of his majesty's customs for the time being), of such his or their intention, who are hereby authorised and required, within twenty-four hours after the receipt of such notice, to give three days notice of the time and place for re admeasuring, marking and nailing of such keel, pan keel, pan boat, or other boat, wain or cart, according to the forny and in manner prescribed by the said recited act for admeasuring, marking, and nailing keels, boats, wains, and carts.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any The contents

of the said marks or nails shall be removed by accident, and with of keels, C put any intention of fraud, after such keel, pan keel, pan boat, whose marks or other boat, wain or cart, shall have been duly laden, then and ckl^ntally rein that case such keel, pan keel, pan boat, or other boat, wain or moved after cart, shall be permitted to unload her or their contents without being loacted, hindrance or delay; anything in this act to the contrary not with maj ke un* landing. oade

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Penalty on shall wilfully or designedly remove, deface, or destroy such marks persons re or nails as, by order of the said of'be put upon mv*ng marks the said keels, pan keels, pan boats, or other boats, wains or carts, keel^&c. or cause the same to be done, such person or persons being con yifted thereof before anyjuflice of the peace, upon the oath of one or more witness or witnesses, shall forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty shillings, or in default thereof be committed by the said justice of the peace to the house of correction nearest to the place where the offence shall have been committed, for any time not exceeding one month, nor less ihqn seven days,

'32 6 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 37, 38. [1791.

[Preamble.]

6 Geo.3. c. as.

From July 5, 1791, silk crapes and tiffanies of Italy, if imported not directly from thence, to be forfeited.

Penalties may be recovered and applied as under the recited act.

No drawback to be allowed on the exportation of Italian silk crapes or tiffanies.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act to prohibit the importation into Great Britain of silk crapes and tiffanies of the manufacture of Italy, iwhfs brought directly from thence.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the fxth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to prohibit the importation of foreign wrought silks and velvets, for a limited time; and for preventing unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the silk manufacture; it is, among other things provided and enacted, That nothing in the act contained fall extend, or be construed to extend, to any wrought silk or velvet which shall be manufactured in, and imported from, the East Indies, or to any silk crapes or tiffanies of the manufacture of Italy: and whereas it is expedient, that silk crapes or tiffanies of the manufacture of Italy jhoidd not be permitted to be imported otherwise than dir eft ly from thence; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any silk crapes or tiffanies of the manufacture of Italy shall, after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, be imported or brought into Great Britain otherwise than directly from thence, the same shall be forfeited, and the importer thereof shall be subjectc and liable to the like penalty as is imposed, by the said recited add, on the importation of foreign wrought silks and velvets not manufactured in, and imported from, the East Indies, and not being silk crapes or tiffanies of the manufacture of Italy; and the forfeiture and penalty incurred by this act shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, disposed of, and applied in such and the like manner, and under the like rules, regulations, and restrictions, as the penalties and forfeitures imposed by the said recited act may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, disposed of, and applied, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as if all and each and every the powers and directions contained in the said recited act were repeated and reenacted in the body of this present act,

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on the exportation from Great Britain of any silk crapes or tiffanies of the manufacture of Italy, which shall be imported after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, there shall'nbt be paid or allowed to the exporter thereof any drawback or allowance whatever of the duties paid on the importation of such silk crapes or tifsanies, any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act to amend an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, for regulating the trade between the subjects of his majesty's colonies and plantations in North America, and in the West-india islands, and the countries belonging to the united Hates of America and between his majesty's said fub

je, s

1791 3 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 38. 327

jets and the foreign islands in the West Indies; <7^0 an ass,

made in the twenty seventh year of his present Majestfs reign, for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, in the ports of Kingston, Savannah la Maar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the island of Jamaica, in the port of Saint George, in the island of Grenada, in the port of Roseau in the island of Dominica, and in the port of Nassau in the island of New Providence, one of the Bahama islands, under certain regulations and restrictions.

WHEREAS by an act, pftffed in the twenty-eighth year of his

[Preamble.]

present Majestfs reign, intituled An act for regulating the a8geo*3. c. 6 trade between the subjects of his majesty's colonies and plantations recited., in North America, and in the West-india islands, and the countries belonging to the united states of America, and between his majesty's said subjects and the foreign islands in the West Indies, it is, amongst other things, enabled, That no tobacco, pitch, tar, turpentine, hemp, fax, masts, yards, bowsprits, slaves, heading boards, timber, shingles, or lumber of any sort, bread, biscuit, flour, peas, beans, potatoes, wheat, nv, Ar, barley, or grain of any sort, Should, he imported.or brought into any island under the dominion of his Majesty in the West Indies, (7# which description the Bahama islands and the Bermuda Somers islands are included), from any island in the West Indies under rfe dominion of any foreign European sovereign or fate, under the penalty of the forfeiture therein mentioned; and whereas it is equally expedient that the said articles Should not be imported or brought from any foreign colony or plantation whatsoever, on the continent of South America, belonging to any foreign European sovereign or fate: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day From Aug. 1, of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, no tobacco, 1791? Pone f pitch, tar, turpentine, hemp, flax, masts, yards, bowsprits, staves, heading boards, timber, shingles, or lumber of any sort, bread, fied tobeim biscuit, flour, peas, beans, potatoes, wheat, rice, oats, barley, ported into the or grain of any sort, shall be imported or brought into any island India under the dominion of his Majesty in the West Indies, (in which ^colonvbi description the Bahama islands, and the Bermuda or Somers islands, South ameri are included), from any colony or plantation whatsoever on the ca, belonging continent of South America, under the dominion of any foreign to a foreign European sovereign or state, under the penalty of the forfeiture on

thereof, and of the ship or vessel in which the same shall be im penalty of ported or brought, together with her guns, furniture, ammuni forfeiture, tien, tackle and apparel, to be seized, lued for, prosecuted, and recovered, and the produce thereof to be disposed of and applied ts any forfeiture incurred under the said act.

II. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful in case of except by the publick emergency or distress, for any of the governors, lieutenant^ref^e^dtiv governors, or commanders in chief for the time being, of any of g0 ernors^ in the said islands in the West Indies under the dominion of his Ma cases of pub

y4

328 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 38. [1791.

Any such articles so imported, if attempted, to be exported to be forfeited, with the veiled, C

Before any of the specified articles are shipt for exportation, oath to be made that they have not been so imported.

Person silking false oaths guilty of perjury

jesty, his heirs and successors, with the advice and consent of their respective councils, to authorise the importation of tobacco, pitch, tar, turpentine, hemp, flax, mails, yards, bowsprits, staves, heading boards, timber, shingles, or lumber of any sort, bread, biscuit, flour, peas, beans, potatoes, wheat, rice, oats, barley, or grain of any sort, for a limited time, from any colony or plantation on the continent of South America, belonging to any foreign European sovereign or state, for the supply of the inhabitants of the said islands; and provided always, That such goods and commodities so authorised to be imported, hall not be imported except by British subjects and in British built hips, owned by his majesty's subjects and navigated according to law, under the penalty of the forfeiture abovementioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case the said articles, or any of them, which shall have been imported from any colony or plantation on the continent of South America, belonging to any foreign European sovereign or state, into any of the said islands in the jveji Indies under the dominion of his Majesty, hall after such importation be exported, or shall be hipped or laden on board any ship or vessel, or shall be put on board any boat or other vessel, or shall be brought to any quay, wharf, or other place whatever, with intention to be hipped on board any hip or vessel for exportation, then, not only the said articles, but also the said vessel or boat on board of which the same shall be shipped or laden, or intended to be hipped or laden, shall be forfeited and lost, together with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, before any articles which may be legally exported from the said islands in the West Indies under the dominion of his Majesty, and which are of the description or denomination of any of the articles herein before particularly enumerated and described, whether in their unmanufadtered or manufactured state, shall be hipped for exportation from any of the said islands, the exporter or exporters thereof shall make oath before the collector of his majesty's customs for the island from which such articles are to be exported, (who is hereby authorised and empowered to administer the same), that such articles, or any part of them, have not been so imported as aforesaid, into the said island under such authority as aforesaid, from any colony or plantation on the continent o I South America, under the dominion of any foreign European sovereign or state.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatever shall be convicted of taking a false oath touching any of the facts directed or required by this act to be testified on oath, such person or persons lb convicted as aforesaid shall be deemed guilty of perjury, and shall be liable to the pains and penalties to which persons are liable for wilful and corrupt perjury, and shall and may be prosecuted in any court of record in Great Britain, or in any of his majesty's courts of judicature in the West Indies.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 38. 329

all and every the goods or commodities, and all ships or vessels By whom forfeited by this act, shall and may be seized by the commander ^effels forfeit or commanders of any of his majesty's ships or vessels of war, or ed may be any commissioned warrant or petty officer specially authorised by seized; him or them, or by any officer or officers of his majesty's customs; and that every forfeiture and penalty incurred by this and how peas shall and may respectively be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered and covered in such courts, and by such and the like ways, means, applied, and methods, and the produce thereof respectively disposed of and applied in such and the like manner, and to such and the like uses and purposes, as any forfeiture incurred by any law respecting the revenue of the customs may now be sued for, prosecuted, or recovered, disposed of and applied, either in this kingdom, or in any of his majesty's islands in the jvejl Indies respectively, as the case may happen to be.

VII. And whereas by two adds now in force, the one passed in the twenty seventh year of his present Majests reign, intituled An act z?Geo.3. c. 27. for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, in the ports of Kingson, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the island of Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the island of Grenada, in the port of Roseau in the island of Dominica, and in the port of Nassau in the island of New Providence, one of the Bahama islands, under certain regulations and restrictions; and the other, passed in the thirtieth year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for amend and 30 Geo. 3. ing an act passed in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his C9* recited; present Majesty, intituled An act for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, in the ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the if and a/'jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the if and of Grenada, in the port of Roseau in the if and of Dominica, and in the port of Nassau in the if and of New Providence, one of the Bahama isands, under certain regulations and refridiions; and for regulating the duties on the importation of goods and commodities the growth and production of the countries bordering on the province of Ahiebec; it is enacted, That wool, cotton wool, indigo, cochineal, drugs of all sorts, cocoa, logivood, fujlic, and all sorts of Wood for dyers uje, hides, sins, and tallow, beaver, and all sorts of furs, tortoise Jhell, hardwood or mill timber, mahogany, and all other woods for cabinet ware, horses, asses, mules, and cattle, being the growth and production of any of the colonies or plantations in America, belong ingto or under the dominion of any foreign European sovereign orfate, anctialcoin and builion, diamonds, or precious fones, might be imported from any of the said colonies or plantations into the several ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the if and a/'jamaica, the port of Saint George in the if and of Grenada, the port of Roseau in the ifand of Dominica, and the port of Nassau in the if and of New Providence, one of the Bahama isands, in any foreign foop, schooner, or other vessel whatever, not having more than one deck, and being owned and navigated by the subjects of any foreign European sovereign or fate, any law, usage, or

cufomj

3 SP

During the continuance of the two re

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 39. [1791.

cujiom, to the contrary nouvithsanding: and whereas it is reasonable that all persons inhabiting any countries on the continent of America, belonging to or under the dominion of any foreign European sovereign or fate, should be permitted to import into the said ports the said articles; be it therefore enacted, That, during the continuance of the two last mentioned acts, wool, cotton wool, indigo, cochi cited^ts the nea an drugs of all sorts, cocoa, logwood, fustic, and all sorts articles herein f wood for dyers use, hides, skins, and tallow, beaver and all enumerated sorts of furs, tortoise shell, hardwood, or mill timber, mahogany, mzy be im and all other woods for cabinet ware, horses, asses, mules, and any part of catt^e5 being the growth or production of any country belonging America, be to or under the dominion of any foreign European sovereign or longing to any state on the continent of America, and all coin and builion, dia foreigneuro monds and precious (tones, may be imported from any of the said npan nw' countries into any of the ports before mentioned, in any foreign (loop, schooner, or other vessel whatever, not having more than one deck, and being owned and navigated by persons inhabiting any of the said countries on the continent of America, belonging to, or under the dominion of any foreign European sovereign or state.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, during the continuance of the two last mentioned acts, to export from any of the ports before mentioned, in the islands of

Jamaica, Grenada, Dominica, and New Providence, to any of the countries on the continent of America, belonging to or under the dominion of any foreign European sovereign or state, in any (loop, schooner, or other vessel whatever, not having more than one deck, and being owned and navigated by persons inhabiting any such country, rum of the produce of any British island, and also negroes which shall have been brought into the said islands reflectively, in britif built ships, owned, navigated, and registered

pean sovereign, into any of the ports before mentioned;

and the articles herein enumerated, may be exported from those ports, under certain restrictions.

according to

and all manner of goods, wares, or merchan

Importation, See. to be under the rules of the recited as.

dise which shall have been legally imported into the said islands respectively, except masts, yards, or bowsprits, pitch, tar, turpentine, and also except such iron as shall have been brought from the British colonies or plantations in America 5 any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the importation and exportation of all the said articles shall be under the rules, regulations, restrictions, and securities, and subject to such penalties and forfeitures for the breach of them, and such penalties and forfeitures shall be seized, sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and applied, in the manner prescribed and provided in the said acts, or any of them.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for the better regulation and government offeamen employed in the coafing trade of this kingdom.

WHEREAS by an al, made and passed in the second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled,

An act for the better regulation and government of seamen in the

fecited. mer

[Preamble.]

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 39. 331

merchants service, certain provisions are established for the government of seamen in [hips trading to parts beyond the seas, which have been found, by experience, to be highly beneficial to the trade and navigation of this kingdom: and whereas the coafi trade of this kingdom Jlill remains under great difficulties and inconveniences, for want of the like regulations to be applied to, and established in the same, for the better government thereof: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, From July i, from and after the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, it shall not be lawful for any mailer or comman trading coast der, or other person having or taking the charge or command of wise, to pro any ship or vessel, trading from and to any port or place or ports ceecl on a.

or places in Great Britain, to carry out to sea any seaman or ma vase: with. r, J \ r7 out entering

riner (except his apprentice or apprentices; from any port or jnt0 an agree

place in Great Britain, to proceed on any voyage to any other ment with the port or place in Great Britain, without having before entered into seamen for an agreement or agreements in writing with such seaman or mariner, to be signed as well by such mailer or commander, or for each. other personas aforesaid, as by such seaman or mariner, for the wages which such seaman or mariner is to have respectively, during the voyage or voyages, or during the time he shall have contracted or entered himself for; which contract or agreement shall declare what wages each seaman or mariner is to have, and when the same shall be payable, and for what time, or for what voyage or voyages such seaman or mariner shall have contracted or entered himself, every such agreement or agreements to be in force at the time of proceeding to sea on any such' voyage; and in case any mailer or commander, or other person having or taking the charge or command of any ship or vessel trading coastwise as aforesaid, shall carry out to open sea any seaman or mariner (except his apprentice or apprentices) upon any such voyage by open sea, without having first entered into such agreement or agreements signed as aforesaid, and such agreement or agreements then being in full force, such mailer or commander, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds for every such seaman or mariner which he shall so carry out to open seato the use of Greenwich Hospital, to be recovered upon information, on the oath of one or more witness or witnesses, before any one or more of his majesty's justice or justices of the peace of any county, riding, Shire, or place in Great Britain, where such ship or vessel shall depart from or come to in or during such voyage, who are hereby authorised and required respectively to issue out his or their warrant or warrants to bring before him or them such mailer or commander, or other person having or taking the charge or command of any such ship or vessel; and in case such mailer or commander, or other personas aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay such penalty or forfeiture as aforesaid, to grant his or their

Agreements to be binding.

Penalty on seamen neglecting or refilling to proceed on voyages for which they shall have engaged.

Penalty on seamen absenting themselves, or deserting before the expiration of the time for which they shall have engaged.

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 39. [1791.

warrant or warrants to levy the same by distress and sale of the offender's goods, and in case no distress can be found, to commit the offender to the common gaol of the city, county, town, or place, there to remain until he shall pay the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That every seaman or mariner entering himself on board any ship or vessel trading coastwise as aforesaid, for any intended voyage or voyages, or for any time to be stipulated in and by such agreement or agreements, shall, and he is hereby required and obliged to subscribe his Signature or mark to such agreement or agreements respectively, at the time of his so entering himself; which agreement or agreements, after the same shall be so subscribed by such seaman or mariner, and signed by the matter or commander, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall be conclusive and binding to all parties, for and during the time or times so agreed or contracted for, to all intents and purposes, any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any seaman or mariner, after he shall have entered into such agreement or agreements as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to proceed on the intended voyage or voyages for which he shall have entered, or upon which such ship or vessel shall be destined to proceed, every such seaman or mariner shall forfeit and pay to the owner or owners of such ship or vessel, all such wages as shall be due to him at the time of his so neglecting or refusing to proceed on such voyage or voyages; and it shall and may be lawful, upon complaint made of the same to any of his majesty's justices of the peace within their respective jurisdictions, by the matter or commander, owner or owners, or any other person or persons having charge or command of the ship or vessel to which such seaman or mariner did belong, for such justice, and he is hereby required to ittue his warrant to apprehend such seaman or mariner; and in case such seaman or mariner shall refuse to proceed on the voyage or voyages agreed on, or on the voyage or voyages on which the ship or vessel shall be destined to proceed, within the time contracted for, and shall not give a sufficient reason for such refusal, to the satisfaction of such justice, then tq commit such seaman or mariner to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding thirty days, nor less than fourteen days.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any seaman or mariner, after having entered into such agreement or agreements as aforesaid, shall wilfully absent himself from the ship or vessel to which he shall belong, before the voyage or voyages agreed upon, or upon which such ship or vessel shall have proceeded, shall be completed, and the cargo of such ship or vett. fel delivered, or before the time for which he shall have contrac^ ed or entered shall be expired, every such seaman and mariner shall, for every day he shall be so absent from his said flpp or vett fel? forfeit two days pay to the use of greenwich hospital} to be recovered.

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 39. 333

covered, applied, and disposed of as is herein after directed; and in case any seaman or mariner, not entering into the service of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall totally leave or quit his said ship or vessel before the voyage or voyages agreed upon, or upon which such hip or vessel hall have proceeded, shall be completed, and the cargo of such ship or vessel delivered, or before the expiration of the time for which he hall have contracted or entered, or before such seaman or mariner hall have a discharge in writing from the master or commander, or other person having the charge or command of such hip or vessel, such seaman of mariner so leaving or quitting such hip or vessel shall forfeit one month's pay, to be recovered, applied, and disposed of as herein after is directed.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Mailers to the master. or commander, or other person having or taking the ^for^eir6 charge or command of any hip or vessel employed in trading wagesj in the coastwise as aforesaid, and contracting with any seaman or mari manner herein ner to perform any such voyage, shall, and he is hereby obliged directed, on and required to pay to every such seaman or mariner belonging Penaftyofzos. to such hip or vessel, their wages, if demanded, within five days

after such ship or vessel shall have entered at the customhouse, or the cargo shall be delivered, or at the time the said seamen or mariners shall be discharged, which hall first happen, unless an agreement shall have been made or entered into to the contrary, in which case the wages of such seamen or mariners shall be paid in terms of such agreement, after deducting, in every such case, out of such wages, the penalties and forfeitures by this at imposed, in case any shall have been incurred, upon pain of forfeiting to each seaman or mariner, to whom payment of his wages shall not have been made according to this at, of the sum of twenty Shillings, to be paid to each such seaman or mariner, over and above the wages that shall be due to him, to be recovered by the same means and methods as the wages of seamen or mariners may by law be recovered; and such payment of wages as aforesaid shall be good and valid in law, notwithstanding any action, bill of sale, attachment, or encumbrance whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no seaman or mariner, Seamen not by entering into or signing such contract or agreement as aforesaid,

shall be deprived of, or hindered from, uling any means or means for remethods for the recovery of wages against any ship, or the maf covery of ters or owners thereof, which he may now lawfully make use of; wages, and in and that in all cases where it shall or may be necessary that the agreement or agreements in writing aforesaid Should be produced prociuce the in court or elsewhere, no obligation shall lie on any seaman or agreement, mariner to produce the same, but such obligation shall lie on the master or commander, or other person having the charge or command, or the owner or owners of the ship or vessel for which the wages shall be demanded; and no seaman or mariner shall fail, in any suit, action, or process for recovery of wages, for want of such agreement or agreements being produced, but shall and may proceed therein as if no such agreement in writing had been

m

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 39. [1791.

made; any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding;

Penalties to be

VII. And be it further enacted, That the mailers or comman

of the^mens111 ^ers> or owners f any Ships or V effete, or other persons wages, Tndap having the charge or command thereof, hall and they hereby plied (except have full power and are required to dedul, out of the wages of thofetothe any seaman or mariner, incurring the penalties and forfeiture ifenefsg imposed by this al, whenever the same shall be incurred, and to which Hoibitaf enter them in a book or books to be kept for that purpose, and to make oath, if required, to the truth thereof; which book or books, shall be signed by the said mailer or commander, or other perform having the charge or command of each such ship or vessel reflectively, Petting forth that the penalties and forfeitures contained in such book or books are the whole penalties and forfeitures stopped' from any Teamen or mariners by such mailer or commander, or other personas aforesaid; and which penalties and forfeitures (except the forfeiture of wages to the owners on any seamen or mariners refusing to proceed on their voyage or voyages) shall go to and be applied to the use of Greenwich Hospital, and shall be paid and accounted for by the mailers, commanders, and other persons having the charge or command of such hips or vessels, to the officer of any port or place who hall collect the sixpence^r month deduced out of teamen's wages for the life of the said hospital, which officer hall have and hereby hath full power to administer an oath to every commander, mailer, or other personas aforesaid, respectively, touching the truth of such penalties and forfeitures.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any mailers or commanders, or owners, of any such ships or vessels, or other person having the charge or command thereof, shall c3edul out of three months the wages of any seamen or mariners any of the penalties and for* 'feiftir'es which by this alare directed to be deduced and applied Ctf u^lec. tq an(j por upe Greenwich hospitau and shall not pay the money so deduced to some officer who shall colleci the sixpence per month deducted out of teamen's wages for the use of the said hospital, in the port or place where such deduction shall be made, within three months after such deduction, every such person fa neglecting to pay the money so deduced as aforesaid, hall forfeit and pay treble the value thereof to the use of the said hospital; which, together with the money dcdudled as aforesaid, shall and may be recovered by the same means and methods as any penalties and forfeitures for not duly paying the said sixpence per month can or may be recovered.

How penalties

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That certained a*n ca^es where the seamen or mariners of any ship or vessel where the sea trading coastwise as aforesaid have contracted, or shall contract,; men contract for wages by the voyage, and not by the month, or other stated for the voyage, period of time, the penalties and forfeitures to be incurred by such seamen or mariners under this act, shall be ascertained in manner following (that is to say), If the whole time spent in the voyage agreed or proceeded upon shall exceed one lunar month, the forfeiture of one month's pay shall be accounted and deemed a forfeiture

Penalty on matters not paying the penalties in

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 40, 335

of a sum of money bearing the same proportion to the whole wages, as a lunar mont; h shall bear to the whole time spent in the voyage,; and in like manner the forfeiture of two days pay shall be accounted and deemed a forfeiture of a sum of money bearing the same proportion to the whole wages, as two days shall bear to the whole time spent in the voyage; and if the whole time spent in the voyage shall not exceed one lunar month, the forfeiture of one month's pay shall be accounted and deemed a forfeiture of the whole wages contrasted for; and if such time shall not exceed two days, the forfeiture of two days pay shall be accounted and deemed a forfeiture of the whole wages contrasted for.

X. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That no agree Agreements, mentor agreements, to be made by virtue or under the authority not liable to of this act, shall be or be deemed liable to, or charged with, any ftait1p duties, stamp duties whatsoever: and provided also. That nothing herein thisa&notto contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any ship or extend to vef vessel trading coastwise as aforesaid, or to any matter or com tonsuburthen0 mander, seamen or mariners, belonging thereto, unless such ship nor to debar or vessel shall be of the burden of one hundred tonnes or upwards, seamen from and shall go to open sea: and provided also, That nothing in this entering into aft contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to debar any service *or mariner, belonging to any such ship or vessel, from entering or being entered into the service of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, on board any of his or their ships or vessels, nor shall such seaman or mariner, for such entry, forfeit the wages due to him during the term of his service in such ship or vessel. shall such entry be deemed a desertion.

CAP. XL

An act for establishing and confirming a certain resolution or order of the governor-general in council offtirt William in Bengal, and all aids done by virtue thereof and for granting further powers to the said governor-general, during his residence on the coajls of Coromandel and Malabar.

WHEREAS, sometime in the month November one thousand

[Preamble.]

seven hundred and ninety, the right honourable Charles earl Order of the Cornwallis, governor-general of the prefdency of Fort William in council of Bengal, and the council of Fort William aforesaid, did, \ by their fa ^engal^of order or al in council, resolve, that the said governor-general Should Nov. 17901 be invefed with the full power and authority of the said government of recited;

Fort William, in all matters which respected the conduct and prosecution of the present war with Tippoo Sultaun, or the negotiating and concluding peace with him and also with the full power and authority of the said government to form such arrangements, and to conclude such several engagements or treaties with any of the chiefs or powers in India, as he Should judge expedient and necessary for the termination of the present war with Tippoo Sultaun, or for the advancement of the inter efts of the united company of mer chants England

336 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 46. [1791.

land trading to the East Indies, or for the Jlrift and permanent establishment and confirmation of the alliances which did then sublist, or which he Should judge it necessary to form, with the said chiefs and powers respectively; thereby declaring, that all such acts and orders, and all such engagements and treaties made as aforesaid \ be binding on the said governor-general and council, in the j'ame manner, and as effectually, as if the same had been passed and done by the special and immediate concurrence and actual sanction of the governor-general in council assembled: and whereas it is expedient that the said act or order in council, and all acts done or to be done by the said governor-general by virtue thereof Should be established and confirmed, and that the said governor generalshould also be invested with such further powers as may enable him to act with promptitude and effect, as opportunities or exigencies may in his judgement appear to require, during the continuance of the present war, and during such time as the said Charles earl Cornwallis fall be resident out of the presidency of Fort William in Bengal, for the purposes of commanding the forces engaged in the said war, or of negotiating any treaty of peace, or other treaty, with any of the princes or powers in India; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par and confirm liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the ec*' said a<si or order in council, and the said powers or authorities

thereby given or therein contained, shall be, and the same are hereby established, ratified, and confirmed, and shall be held, deemed, and taken, from the date or making thereof, to have been, and to be valid and effectual in the law; and that all such acts, orders, and directions, matters and things, and all engagements and treaties which have been or shall be made or done by the said governor-general, by virtue or in pursuance of the said at or order in council, and the powers therein contained, shall be binding and valid, in like manner, and as effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been palied, made, or done by the said governor-general in council at Fort William aforesaid. earlcornwal

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That lis, while he during the time that the said Ooarles earl Cornwallis shall continue continues go tq g0vern0r general as aforesaid, and shall be resident in the and resides in presidencies of Fort Saint George or Bombay, or shall be resident India, may, in in any other part of India, either in the execution of his duty as his own name, commander in chief of the forces, or for the purpose of negotiating tie^with^an*any treaty peace, or other treaty, consequent upon the said Jf th^powers war with any * the princes or powers in India it shall and may there; be lawful for him the said Charles earl Cornwallis, for and on the

behalf of the said company, in his own name, and by his own proper authority, finally to conclude such engagements, treaties, and agreements, with any of the chiefs or powers in India as the said earl shall judge expedient or necessary, either for the more vigorous and effectual prosecution of the said war, or for the termination thereof, or otherwise for the security or advancement of the rights and interests of the said company, or for the more permanent qstablishment and confirmation of the alliances which already

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 40. 337

ready sublist, or which the said Charles earl Cornwallis shall judge it necessary to form with the said chiefs and powers respectively; and to issue and enforce such orders, directions, and instructions and may issue to the respective governors and councils of the presidencies of governors and Fort Saint George and bombay respectively, and to make, do, exe councils of cute, conclude, and perform, all and every such further and other Fort St. ats, deeds, matters, and things whatever, relating to or concern George and* ing the rights and interests of the said company or their allies in om^c' India, as the said governor-general might now make, give, do, execute, or perform, in council assembled at Fort William aforesaid; and that all engagements, treaties, agreements, orders, directions, intrusions, acts, deeds, matters, and things whatsoever, as well such as have been since the twenty sir ft day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety, as such as hall, during the continuance of the said war, be hereafter negotiated, concluded, made, done, transacted, issued, or executed by the said earl Cornwallis, in and by his own foie name and authority, touching or concerning the matters aforesaid, shall be binding, valid, and effectual, and that all and every person or persons shall pay due obedience thereto, in like manner, to all intents, constructions, and purposes, as if the same had been issued, negotiated, concluded, made, done, transacted, or executed, respectively, by the governor-general in council at Fort William, or by the preiidenc or governor in council at Fort William, or by the president or governor in council of Fort Saint George, or by the president or governor in council of Bombay, under the order or direction of the governor-general in council of Fort William aforesaid respectively; law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Sari Cornwall if the said Charles earl Cornwallis hall, during the time aforesaid,

judge it necessary to issue any orders or directions to any of the Servants of the

servants of the said united company, acting under the authority united com

of the respective presidencies aforesaid, without previously company without

municating such orders and directions to the respective governors prevlu^y

&, i o co mm uni ca

and councils of the several presidencies under the authority of ting them to

which such servants shall be acting, such servants respectively the respective shall, and they are hereby required to obey the same; and the said governors and Charles earl Cornwallis shall, and he is hereby required to trans councl*s> emit, by the first opportunity, to the governors and councils of the respective presidencies within which such orders and directions are to be executed, copies of all such orders and directions respectively as shall be so given, together with the reasons, set forth in writing, which to him made it appear necessary to issue such orders and directions without such communication as aforesaid, and shall also in like manner transmit other copies of the same, with the reasons aforesaid, to the court of directors of the said united company.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Duration of

all and every the powers hereby given to the said Charles earl Corn 'he Powfrs,

/* j o # hereby civcn*

walks shall have continuance until three months after the termi 3 6

nation

338 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 41. [1791.

nation of the said war, or until the return of the said. Charles earl Cornwallis to Fort William aforesaid, or until his departure from

Lidia for Europe.

Which are to

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That devolve to the all and every the powers by this act given to the said Charles earl iord^corn Cormuallis'^ shall and may, on the death, resignation, recall, or wallis.*departure from India of the said Charles earl Cornwallis, be exercised by major-general William Meadows, in case he Should fut ceed to the said offices of governor-general, and commander in chief of all the company's forces in India, or by any other person who hall succeed to the said offices of governor-general, and commander in chief, in like manner, and under the like restrictions, as the same may be exercised by the said Charles earl corn wallis by virtue of this act.

Powers may

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall

thercourte of by and

may be lawful for the court of directors of the united com directors with Pany f merchants trading to the East Indies, with the approba the approbation of the commissioners for the affairs of India, to revoke and tien of the determine by an instrument Under their common seal, the said so^e^ffahs Powers ^ere^y g*veu to the said Charles earl Cormvallis, at any of India. time wen they hall judge it expedient and necessary, and that the same shall be revoked and determined accordingly, on the receipt of such instrument as aforesaid by the said Charles earl corn wallis, or by such personas shall be appointed to or hall succeed the said Charles earl Cornwallis, in the said offices of governor-general, and commander in chief.

CAP. XLI.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain sums of money out of the consolidated fund; for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety*one; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

3675, ooool. may be issued out of the consolidated fund; which maybe raised by loans or exchequer bills on the credit of the said fund. Money lent on security of this act not to be rated to any tax. Tallies of loan to be struck, corders for repayment to be registered and paid in course. No see to be taken for registering, con penalty of treble value and costs, and also lots of place. Penalty for taking fees, and for undue preference in registering, C liable to action, and to pay value of debt and full costs, and to be forejudged his office; but deputy only liable himself; and auditor, and clerk of the pells, and tellers of the exchequer, liable to the same. Not to be deemed undue preference which orders of the same date brought the same day, are entered first, lo they are all entered; nor if subsequent orders are paid before prior ones not brought for. payment, if money be referred to discharge them. Orders assignable. Treasury may order the sum hereby granted to be raised by exchequer bills, in the manner pre feribed by the land tax act of the present sessions; the provisions of which act (except such as charge the bills on the land tax, and limit the rate of interest) to extend to this. Bills and interest, Sec. to be discharged out of the consolidated fund. Bank may advance money on the Credit of this act. 303, 2211.9s. CD eq. surplus of the consolidated fund, on April 5, 1791, and 10, 137b 4$. for payment of bounties on hemp and flax, to he issued towards the supply. Moneys raised by the land tax, malt aft, loans, 1, 833, 000b loans, 3, 500, 000b Further loans, 2, coo ooool. Lottery. 303, 221b 9s. 2q. surplus of the consolidated fund; 10, 137b 4s.' for payment

339

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. '

hient of bounties on hemp and flax, and 3, 675, 0001. hereby granted out of consolidated fund, shall be applied (with the residue of the sale of French prizes) to the uses hereafter expressed. 2, 443, 405b 13s. 4d. for naval services, 1791. 1, 565, 0001. for the late naval augmentation. 151, 6001. towards

the expense of the ordnance, on account of the late armament.

3, 857b 5s. id. for land service of the ordnance, prior to Dec. 31, 1783.

36, 613l. 19s. id. For land service of the ordnance, in 1789. 25, 2781.12s.

For sea service of the ordnance, in 1789. 2, 159b 4s. 5d. for land service of the ordnance, in 1790. 381, 769b 18s. 3d. for land service of the ordnance,

in 179 r. 64, 000b towards the expenses of the late afmamefit; and 41,000b towards the expenses of provisions for the troops in the East and West Indies. 1, 856, 326b 10s. iori 3q. for land forces, in 1791; viz.

570, 499b irs. 2d. 2q. for 17, 013 effective men, officers, Sec. in Great Britain, C 329, 5441. 10s. for forces in the plantations, See. 8, 487b

10s. yd. difference between British and Irish establishments of seven battalions of foot; 11, 435b 12s.10d.2q. for regiments serving in the East Indies; 64, 5001. for recruiting land forces, and contingencies; 15, 551b 14s. 5d. 3q. for supernumerary officers; 6, 409b 8s. for general and staff officers in Great Britain; 63, 276b 5s. 8d. to the paymaster general, secretary at war, See. 155, 287b 5s. 56. for reduced officers of the land forces and marines; 10, ooool. for reduced officers of the late independent companies; 212b 14s. 76. for reduced officers, Sec. of the horse guards;

55, 092b 10s. for reduced officers of the British american forces, and 4, 907b ios. for allowances to them; 3, 161b 10s. iod. for officers late in the service of the States General; 9, 710b 4s. 3d. for widows peiffions;

174, 167b 4s. 3d. 2q. for Chelsea hospital; 36, 093b 15s. to the Landgrave of Hesse, for his subsidy for the year 1791; 2, 754b 5s. 8d. 2q. for augmentation of the corps in New South Wales; 335, 234b 18s. for extraordinaries of the army in 1790. 3, 500, 000b to pay off exchequer bills

30 Geo. 3. 2, 000, 000b to discharge further ditto, ditto. 1,000.ooool. to pay off ditto, ditto. 6 7, 948b 12s. iod. issued in pursuance of addresses of the house of commons. 6, 376b 17s. 6d. for the civil establishment of Nova Scotia, from Jan. 1, 1791, to Jan. 1, 1792. 4.400b for New Brunswick, in America, from June 24, 1791, to June 24, 1792. 1, 840b for the ffiand

of Saint John, in America, from Jan. 1, 1791, to Jan. 1, 1792, 2, 100b

for Cape Breton, in America, from June 24, 1791, to June 24, 1792.

1, 182b ios. for Newfoundland, to defray the salaries of governor and civil officers, from April 1, 1791, to April 1, 1792. 4, 180b for the Bahama

islands, for defraying the charge of civil establishment, in addition to the salaries now paid to the public officers out of the duty fund, from Jan. 1, 1791, to Jan. 1, 1792. 580b to the chief justice of Bermuda, or

Somers i[lands, from June 24, 1791, to June 24, 1792. col. salary to the chief justice of Dominica, from Jan. 1, 1791, to Jan. 1, 1792. 4, 758b 6s. 3d. 3q. for the civil establishment of New South Wales, from 061. 10,

1791, to Od. 10, 1792. 13, 000b for forts in Africa. 5, 911b 43. 3d. for

roads and bridges in the highlands of North Britain. 231, 5 33b 8s. 7d. iq. for orders made out pursuant to 28 Geo. 3. c. 40. for sufferers by Losses occasioned by the ceilion of East Florida to Spain. 92, 590]. 17s. 6d. for orders made out pursuant to 30 Geo. 3. c. 34. for sufferers by Losses oeca iioned by the cession of East Florida to Spain. 2000b for securing the harbour of Cat water and Sutton Pool, near Plymouth. 25, 000b for the buildings at somerset house. 1, 565b 3d. for prosecuting offenders against the coin laws. 12, 016b 18s. 7d. 2q. for the extraordinary expenses of the mint in 1790. 3, 500b for masons work at Carleton House. 34, 210b s

issued out of the civil list to the duke of Clarence. 1, 546b 7s. iod. annuity to the late duke of Cumberland. 31,000b issued out of the civil list for relief of American sufferers, and 1, 271b 17s. for payment of fees at the exchequer. 775b 18s. 8d. iq. issued to Mr. Cotton, to pay bills of exchange, by direction of the Treasury 766b 16s. 6d. to reimburse Mr.

Davison for 500 calks of hempseed sent to Canada. 4, 237b 4s. id. for contingencies due from the office for auditing public accounts. 29, 613b is. 8d. for provisions, C sent to New South Wales. 41, 716b ios. 7d. issued to D. Campbell, esq. for convicts on the Thames. 10, 849b is. 6d. issued toh. Bradley esq. for convicts at Plymouth. 14, 153b 3s. 9d. ex

21 % pences

340 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 42. [1791.

pences^of trial of W. Baitings, esq. 500l. issued to the secretary of the of under the slave a eft. 4, 000l. issued to the of of the land revenues. 3, 600b issued to the secretary of the commissioners for inquiring into the Losses of American loyalists. a, 0181. 19s. ad. arrear of salary due to Gabriel Johnston, governor of North Carolina. 24, 000!* to the commissioners for inquiring into the Losses of American loyalists. 5, iool. to the commissioners for inquiring into Losses in East Florida. 6, 7621. 19s. to the Tonnes of the late bey of Algiers. 207, 7281. 3s. id. for deficiency of grants, for the year 1790. Supplies to be applied for the purposes before mentioned, See. Rules to be observed in the application of the sum granted for half pay. By 30 Geo. 3. c. 32. a sum not exceeding 162, 797b 18s. 4d. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers for 1790. The overplus ot which sum to be disposed of to officers maimed, See. or to their widows and children, as his Majesty shall dire (ft.

CAP. XLII.

An act for indemnifying all persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into execution a certain order of council respecting the importation of a limited quantity of saltpetre; for repealing the duties now payable upon the importation of saltpetre; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS his majesty, by an order in council bearing date

Order of W the twenty-fifth of August one thousand seven hundred and council, Aug. ninety, was pleased to order, by the advice of his privy council, that erted*0* C any 9.uant'lty of saltpetre, not exceeding one thousand tonnes, the product or marnifaftiire of any country whatever might be imported into this kingdom, on security being given to his majesty, his heirs and successors, in fuel? sum as the lords conmiiffwners of his majesty's treasury Should think reasonable and proper, for the payment of fuel? duties y for the quantity of saltpetre which Should be jo imported, as Should he directed by any act or acts of parliament which Should be made in that behalf, and also for the delivering of a part of the saltpetre which Should be o imported as aforesaid, if the same should be demanded., to fuel? persons using saltpetre in their respective manufactures as were buyers of saltpetre at the last September sale of the united company of merchants trading to the East Indies, which Should bear the same proportion to the quantity hereby allowed to be imported (not exceeding one thousand tonnes) as the quantity purchased by fuel? buyers respectively at the last September fa 'le of the united company of merchants trading to the East Indies, bore to the whole quantity then fokf at a price equal to the prime cojl only, together with a rateable proportion of all actual charges and disbur foments attending the purchase and importation of the same: and whereas the said order was yiecessary, under the circum jlances of the case, for the publick service, and it is therefore ft that all persons advising or acting under or in obedience to the said order fi?ould be indemnified; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament Persons acting assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all personal cited^orderin- a<*ons anc indictments, informations, and all protections,

demnifkd. and proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be protected or commenced against any person or persons, for or by

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 42. 341

reason of any abl, matter, or thing, advised, commanded, appointed or, done, or forborn to be done, in relation to the said order, be, are, and shall be made void by virtue of this act; and that if any ablion or suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against any person or persons for or by reason of any such abl, matter, or thing, so advised, commanded, appointed or done, or forborn to be done, he, she, or they may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That f

there shall be raised, collected, and paid, unto and for the use of to be p^for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, a duty of seven shillings and saltpetre im nine pence for each and every one hundred weight of saltpetre, ported by vir which has been or shall be imported by virtue of the said order. e rccltec*

III. And whereas the quantity offaltpetre at present in this kingdom, is alleged hythe manufacturers not to be fujpcient for the suppdy of the several manufactures in which this article is ifed; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, hat at any time or beforesept. r, times, before the first day of september one thousand seven hun 179r>.hisma dred and ninety one, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, cil ma^permit by and with the advice of his privy council, to permit the impor the importa tation into this kingdom, from any foreign country, of any quan tien of 1000 tity of saltpetre, not exceeding one thousand tonnes, the produce or tonnes t "manufacture of any country whatever, subject to the duty of seven to the said du shillings and nine pence for each and every one hundred weight ty, foitbeim of such saltpetre, and subject to such regulations as his Majesty in ported before his said order shall think fit to make; provided that such impor June tation be actually made before the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

IV. And whereas it will he for the benefit offever al of the manufactures of this kingdom, that better provison Should be made for a more

ample and confant supply of saltpetre, in whatever foreign country the same may be produced or manufactured, at a reasonable price, and that the several duties now payable on saltpetre imported into this kingdom should on that account be repealed, and that one duty Should be substitued in lieu thereof; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the before mentioned first day From Sept. 1, of september one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, the duty 1791' the du of seven shillings and nine pence per hundred weight, imposed on a|^jse m saltpetre imported by the said united company, and of two fhil ported failings and threepence per hundred weight, imposed on saltpetre petre to cease otherwise imported, by an abt pailed in the twenty seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for repealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties, composing the public revenue \ for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; except so far as relates to any saltpetre permitted, or which shall be:

Z 3 permitted

34-2 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 42. [1791.

(except salt permitted to be imported, by his majesty's orders in council be ted^o betm re mentone and except in all cases relating to the recovering, ported by his allowing, or paying, any arrears of the before mentioned duties majesty's or respectively, which may at any time remain unpaid, or to any derincouncil), fine, penalty, or forfeiture, relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time on or before the said first day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety one. and a duty of V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That be*pjdcwt*to romane ater the htft day of September one thousand seven hun 1*dred and ninety one, in lied and instead of the duties hereby repealed,

there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in ready money, without any discount or abatement whatever, a duty of threepence for each and every one hundred weight of saltpetre imported into the kingdom of Great Britain, from any country whatever, except so far as relates to any saltpetre permitted, or which shall be permitted to be imported by his majesty's orders in council before mentioned, which is to be subject to the duty of seven Shillings and' nine pence per hundred weight, as before directed.

Duties to be

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That levied, See, as the said duty of seven Shillings and nine pence, imposed on each

nov^in^force an every hundred weight of saltpetre permitted to be imported by now in orce.^by and with the advice of his privy council, in manner

before mentioned, and the said duty of threepence hereinbefore imposed on each and every hundred weight of saltpetre imported after the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, shall be levied, raised, collected, paid, managed, recovered, and applied, in the same manner, and under the same rules, regulations, conditions, and restrictions, and subject to the same forfeitures and penalties for the breach thereof, as are contained in any law now in force with respeef to saltpetre imported into this kingdom.

VII. And in order to injure at all times the J, apply of a fuffeieni quantity of saltpetre for the life of the m am failures of this country, and the sale thereof at a reasonable rate y be it further enacted by the From Sept, i, authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of September 1791, theeaft one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, the said united company shall, and they are hereby required, half yearly, at each of sale, half year their public lales, to put up five thousand bags of saltpetre more

iy. certain than shall appear, upon an average taken of the tour last preceding

faltnetre atf sales to have been sold by the said united company, at each of the certarates*at the pr^ce thirty-one Shillings per hundred weight,

' and not higher, in time of peace, and at the price of forty Shillings per hundred weight, and not higher, in time of war or public hostility; and that the refraction of such saltpetre so put up shall not exceed, on an average, five pounds in every one hundred and twelve pounds of such ialtpetre. on failure of V

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That which, his in case the united company shall not, as before directed, de

councifmay chroy within fourteen days before each public sale, their inten

permit theim tien to put up, or In case they shall not each public sale put up portation ofjtj " ': 'the

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 421 345

the before mentioned quantity of suchfaltpetre at the before subject to the mentioned prices respectively, it shall and may be lawful, from duty of 3d. per and after the first day of septe7?iber one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, for his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, to permit the importation from any foreign country of the whole of the said quantity of saltpetre, or of so much thereof, as the case may be, the produce or manufacture of any country whatever, subject to the said duty of threepence for each and every hundred weight thereof, as shall be sufficient to make the quantity so declared andfo put up by the said united company, at the price herein before directed, amount to the full quantity of five thousand bags more than shall appear, by an average taken of the four last preceding sales, to have been sold by the said united company at each of the said sales; and the importation of such quantity of saltpetre, subject to the said duty of threepence for each and every hundred weight thereof, shall be in such manner, and under such regulations, restrictions, securities, and conditions, as his Majesty, by and with the advice aforesaid, shall order.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That How the ave the saltpetre, so permitted to be imported, shall, for the purpose togberedcc)sn of taking the average of four preceding sales, in manner herein ecj.

before directed, be deemed and reckoned as sold by the said united company, and be included in and made a part of such average.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, From Sept, i, from and after the first day of September one thousand seven hun ^p1^11311^1 dred and ninety one, so much of an act passed in the fourth year C*grants of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, an allowance Aji act for granting an allowance upon the exportation of British twtfdfe f 4s 6d. on gunpowder, as grants an allowance of four shillings and sixpence

for every barrel of such gunpowder, containing one hundred powder ex1* pounds net weight, exported out of this kingdom; and also so ported, and much of an act passed in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the more effectital encouragement of the mamfactures of flax and cotton in Great Britain, as enacts, That the duties of customs payable and chargeable by any f much of act or acts of parliament on the importation of saltpetre, used and diowsl*77* consumed in making oil of vitriol, shall be repaid and drawn back, drawback of be, and the same are hereby repealed. the duties on

imported saltpetre, used in making oil of vitriol, repealed.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That S much of so much of an act passed in the first year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act flos granting an aid to her quires tlieeaft Majesty by divers subsidies and a laid tax, as requires the said united India compa. company to deliver yearly, (if demanded) the quantity of four PY to deliver hundred and ninety four tonnes and one quarter of saltpetre, into storesacert^n the stores of her Majesty, her heirs and jucceftors, at the price of quantity of fortyfive pounds per tonne in time of peace, and fifty-three pounds saltpetre, re per tonne in time of war or public hostility, be, and the lame is pealed, and the hereby repealed; and that, in lieu thereof, the said united company i^mentioned* shall yearly reserve and deliver into the stores of his Majesty, his tobedelivered, heirs and fuccpflbrs, five hundred tonnes of saltpetre, at the average

344 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 43. [1791.

prices at which the said united company hall have declared and put up saltpetre at their public sales, during the current year, the refraction of such saltpetre not to exceed five pounds in every one hundred and twelve pounds weight; and if the refraction of such saltpetre shall exceed the rate aforesaid, then the overplus of such refraction, at the rate aforesaid, shall be allowed and repaid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by the said united company, out of the said price; and if the refradtion of such saltpetre

be less or under five pounds in every one hundred and twelve pounds weight, then the said united company shall be allowed and paid by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, at the price aforesaid, f much more as the difference between the real refraction of the saltpetre so delivered, and the before mentioned refraction of five pounds in every one hundred and twelve pounds, shall, amount to.

on failure of

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That which, his case the said united company shall in any year not reserve and

councfl may deliver into the stores of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the authorise the whole of the said respective quantities of saltpetre, as the case may matter general be, of the quality and at the price before mentioned, it shall and of the ord niay p, e lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by and port ft, subject the a<^v^ce or t*le^r privy council, to authorise and per

to the duty of mit the mailer general of the ordnance to import, for the use of 3d. per cwt. his Majesty, his heirs or successors, the whole of such respective quantities of saltpetre, as the case may be, or so much thereof, the produce or manufacture of any country whatsoever, subject to the said duty of threepence per hundred weight, as'shall be sufficient to make the quantity reserved and delivered into the said stores amount to the respective full quantities of saltpetre, as the case may be, herein before required.

CAP. XLIII.

An act to continue several laws, relating to the granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax; to the importing salt from Europe into the province of Quebec in America; to the allowing a bounty on the exportation of British made cordage; to continue and amend several laws relating to the encouragement of the fisheries carried on in the Greenland seas and davis's Straights; and to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and steel manufactures of this kingdom; and to prevent the reducing of artificers and workmen employed in those manufactures to go into parts beyond the seas; and to make perpetual an act made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to permit the free importation of raw goat skins into this kingdom.

29 Geo. 2. c. 15. for granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported, C continued to Junej24, 1792, C 4 Geo. 3. c. 12. for importing salt into Quebec, continued until June 24, 1795. 6 Geo. 3.

C 45. so far as relates to granting a bounty on exportation of British made cordage, which was revived by 26 Geo. 3. c. 85. continued for years. 26 Geo. 3. c. 41, for the encouragement of the Greenland fishery, and so much of 29 Geo. 3. c. 53, as relates to fishing in the Greenland seas and dayis's Straights, continued until Dec. 25, 1792* Harpooners, kc. in the Greenland fishery not to be impressed, and when not employed therein

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 44, 45. 345

may fail in the coasting trade. Mariners in the Greenland iithery not to be imprdfed for a limited time. 26 Geo. 3. c. 89. extending to other tools and utensils. 25 Geo. 3. c. 67. continued to the end of the next fef iion. 15 Geo. 3. c. 35. to permit the free importation of raw goat skins, made perpetual.

CAP. XLIV.

An act to continue the several laws therein mentioned, so far as relates to the ascertaining the strength of spirits by clarke's hydrometer.

So much of 27 Geo. 3. c. 31. as directs that all spirits shall be deemed of the strength denoted by clarke's hydrometer, continued to the end of the next session.

CAP. XLV.

An act for the encouragement of the pilchard fishery, by allowing a further bounty upon pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of the late King George the First, intituled, an act for re 5 Geo.i. c. 18. covering the credit of the British fishery in foreign parts, and better securing the duties upon salt, it is (among other things) enabed,

That a certain bounty shall be paidfor every cask or vessel of pilchards, exported from any port or place in Great Britain into parts beyond the seas, under the refiribions and regulations in the said ab mentioned: and whereas by another ab, made in the third year of the reign of the late King George the Second., intituled An acts for taking off cer 3 Geo. 2. c. 20. tain duties on salt, and for making good any. deficiencies in the funds that may happen thereby; and for charging the reduced annuity payable to the East India company on the aggregate fund; and for relief of Matthew Lion executor of Matthew Page deceased, in respect of the duty for salt lost by the overflowing of the river Mersey, in the year one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four y further provisons are made for the co?itinuance and respebing the payment of the before mentioned bounty: and whereas by an ab, pa (fed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present ma jefy^ intituled An act for the encouragement of the pilchard fish 2 5 Geo.3<c.<8. ery, by allowing a further bounty on pilchards taken, cured, and exported, the bounty given and secured by the said two before mentioned abs was increased upon all pilchards which Should be exported from the twenty fifth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty five, to the twenty fifth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, in mamier therein nmitioned: and whereas by another ab, made and passed in the twentysixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An add to continue and amend an af, made in and 26 Geo. 3. the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the C 45* rec*ted* encouragement of the pilchard fishery, by allowing a farther bounty upon pilchards taken, cured, and exportedthe last recited ab was continued for five y ear sy from the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, with such amendment as in the said ab of the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty is mentioned: and whereas the said last mentioned ab will expire on the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety oney and the said

a fishery

346 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 45. [1791.

fishery is of great importance to the nation, by promoting useful industry, pfoviding for great numbers of poor people, and serving as a nursery for able seamen., and it is necessary, for the preservation of the said fishery, that a bounty shoidd be continued to be allowed on the same for a limited time, in such manner as herein after mentioned: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, An additional That for every cask or vessel of pilchards containing fifty galions, bounty of is. and foin proportion for a less quantity thereof, which shall be exported from any port or place in Great Britain, into parts be exported bes yonc^ the seas, between the twenty-fourth day of June one thou tween June sand seven hundred and ninety one, and the twenty-fourth day of 24) 1791* June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, upon which June, .1798? the person or persons exporting the same shall be entitled to the suche persons bounty f seven killings by virtue of or under the said two several as shall be acts f the ^fth year of the reign of the late King George the entitled to the First, and the third year of the reign of the late King George the bounty of 7s. Second, an additional bounty of one shilling and sixpence shall be

paid and payable to such person and persons so entitled to the said two first ref grj n

bounty of seven shillings, at such times, in such manner, by such person and persons, and out of such moneys as the said bounty of

seven shillings is by the same adds, or either of them, directed to be paid.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the same rules and regulations shall be in force with respect to the pilchards ex

to be observed. potted within the time herein before mentioned, in order to prevent the relanding or reimporting thereof, and the owners thereof shall be subject to the same penalties, in case of relanding, or any other fraudulent proceedings, in order to obtain the said bounties granted and payable by this add, as by the said act passed in the fifth year of the reign of the late King George the First, are.preferred and inflicted with regard to fish cured in, and exported from, that part of Great Britain called England.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any fish entitled to the bounty granted by this add, upon

cited acts.

Rules preferred by 5 Geo. 1. c. 18.

If fish entitled to the bounty

foiled before exportation thereof, shall be loaden for exportation, and duly en the voyage, a tered and passed by the proper officer, and shall be lost or spoiled debenture for before the ship's proceeding on her voyage, then the proper offi the lame to be cer Gf the port or ports where such fish so lost or spoiled was or certain condi be entered, shall, upon due proof thereof made upon oath, tiens.^before any of the chief officers of such port, (who are hereby im powered to administer the same), by the proprietor or proprietors of such fish, or his or their agent or agents, give a debenture for the bounty granted by this act, as if such fish had been actually exported to parts beyond the seas; provided that the said fish was sunk in the sea or port where the said ship was loft: or de itroyed, in the sight of the proper officer, where any of the said fish shall come ashore; and that no use be made of the said fish by the proprietor or proprietors, or his or their agents; and the fard

3 47

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 45.

officer is hereby required to cause such fish to be burnt or otherwise destroyed, anything in this, or any other act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time be sued or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, 'he or they shall or may plead the general issue, and give this act General issue. and the special matters in evidence for his or their defence; and

if upon trial a verdict pass for the defendant or defendants, or if

the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuit, or discontinue or forbear

prosecuting such action, then such defendant or defendants shall have double costs to him or them awarded against such plaintiff Double costs,

or plaintiffs; for which costs he or they shall have the like remedy

as in other cases where costs are by law given to defendants.

V. And be it further enacted, That the costs and charges in How the cident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this act shall charges of be born, paid, and defrayed by the several persons to whom the are to be said additional bounty of one shilling and sixpence shall be payable pa

and paid, rateably and in proportion according to the sum or sums of money so by them respectively received, but not exceeding one shilling and sixpence on each cask or vessel of pilchards containing fifty galions; any law, Statute, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed, Publick a. taken, and allowed in all courts of law, as a publick act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and others whomsoever, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for the better regulating of gaols, and other places of confinement.

[Preamble]

FOR the better regulation of gaols, and other places of confinement used as houses of correction or penitentiary houses, in and for the several counties, ridings and divisions, within that part of Great Britain, called England: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the justices of the peace Justices in fef assembled at one or more general or quarter sessions for any sin to ap county, riding, or division, or at any special adjournment thereof, held for such express purpose of which sections or adjournment officers for publick notice shall have been given in some newspaper circulat houses of coring in such county, and signed by the clerk of the peace, and at region, C which five justices at least shall be present, shall appoint a governor or talk master, and such other officers for every place of confinement used as a'house of correction, or penitentiary house, in and for such county, riding, or division, and with such salaries and allowances for the said governor, and other officers, as they the said justices, or the major part of them, shall deem necessary, and to order or direct the said salaries to be paid out of the county fate: and the said justices shall from time to time have power, at an! may re' '

Officers to give fecuvity for performance of their duties, and may be proceeded against forncgled, ! C

7 Jac. i. C 4

i7geo. 2. c. 5.

Governors may be compelled to quit possession.

Justices in session to make rules for penitentiary houses, See.

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 46. [1791.

their general or quarter sessions, or any adjournment thereof, as aforesaid, to remove the governor and other officers of the said houses, and to appoint others in their stead, and to increase or diminish the number of the officers, exclusive of the governor, and also to alter the salaries and allowances of such governor, and other officers, as they hall from time to time find convenient; and in fixing the salary and allowance of such governor or task master, the justices shall have regard, so far as may be, to the making the emoluments of the office depend on the quantity of work done and performed in such houses, that it may become the interest as well as duty of such governor or talk master to see that all persons under his custody be regularly and profitably employed; and such governor and other officers shall give such security for the performance of their respective duties, and to such person or persons, as the said justices from time to time, at any such general or quarter sessions, shall appoint; and such governor or other officers, for any negligence or misbehaviour in their respective offices, may either be proceeded against on the security so to be given, or shall be fineable by the said justices, at any general or quarter sessions, in the same manner as the governor of any house of correction is fineable by justices of the j>eace, by an af passed in the seventh year of King James the First, intituled An act for the due execution of diverse laws and statutes heretofore made against rogues, vagabonds, and jlurdy beggars, and other lewd and idle persons; or by an af of the seventeenth year of King George the Second, intituled An act to amend and make more effectual the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and, other idle and disorderly persons and to houses of correction; and if any governor of any such house, being removed by any order of the said justices, at their general or quarter sessions, or any adjournment thereof, shall refuse or neglect to quit the possession of the said house for forty-eight hours next after notice given to him in writing by the clerk of the peace, any two or more of the said justices, upon proof before them of such order of removal, such notice thereof, and such neglect or refusal to comply with the same, may, by warrant under their hands and seals, diredf the sheriff of the said county to remove such governor out of the said house, and the sheriff shall accordingly clear the possession thereof, in like manner as upon a writ of habere facias possesstonem.

II. And be it further enacted, That the justices of the peace shall, and they are hereby authorised and required, at some general or quarter sessions, or adjourned session, as aforesaid, to make such rules and orders for receiving, separating, classing, dieting, clothing, maintaining, employing, reforming, governing, managing, treating, and watching all offenders, during their respective confinement in the said penitentiary houses, and also for ad ^ufting what aid shall be given to them, as well during such confinement as on their being released, as to the said justices shall seem most fit and proper; but no such rules and orders shall be made at any such sessions, unless five justices at least shall be present; and in making such rules and orders the said justices shall have regard to the discipline, provisions and diretions contained in an act of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, entitled,

An act for explaining and amending the laws relating to the trans i9geo 3c. 74. portation, imprisonment, and other punishment of certain offenders, concerning the 'two national penitentiary houses therein mentioned; but such rules and orders so to be made as aforesaid, shall Rules to be not begin to have force until they have been submitted to the [he^uftres^f justices of assize, great session, oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, a^r]zje forcoa at the assizes which shall be held for such county next after the firmation. making of such rules and orders, or at some subsequent affixes, and the said justices, to whom such rules and orders shall have been submitted, shall have fubcribed a certificate or declaration, that they do not see anything contrary to law in the said rules and orders so to be made as aforesaid; and all such rules and orders Rules may be shall be afterwards added to, or altered, from time to time, as aitereci* often as the said justices of the peace for such county, at any general or quarter sessions, or adjourned session, as aforesaid (at which five at least shall be present) shall think necessary, and such additions or alterations shall also in like manner be submitted to the justices of assize, great section, oyer and terminer, or gaol delivery, at any assizes for such county, in manner aforesaid, who shall subscribe such certificate or declaration as before mentioned; but nothing herein contained shall extend, or be confirmed to exact: not to de tend, to deprive any convict of the benefit of any weekly or other Priye convids

allowance which has usually been or hereafter may be granted or any

.. r i 7 n n / r t ance made by

made by virtue or any law, lratute, custom, or order, ror the pur iaw

pose of maintaining and supporting convicted prisoners, provided only that the application of all and every such allowance shall be subject to such limitations and restrictions as may be contained in the rules and orders herein directed to be made for the government and police of the said houses.

III. And be it further enacted, That every governor of the fe Powers and veral places of confinement to be used as houses of correction or duty of go penitentiary houses, and his or their assistants, shall have the same vernors' powers over the offenders to be confined therein, as are incident to the office of a sheriff or of a gaoler, and in like manner be answerable for the escape of any offender within his custody; and moreover, the said governor shall have power to hear complaints, and examine persons touching offences, and punish the same (except by whipping) in such and the same manner as the governor of each penitentiary house, directed to be built by the said act of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, is by the said at im powered to do; and in case of the repetition of such offences, or in case of offences more enormous, which the said governor is not by this at empowered to punish, the said governor shall report the same to the visiting justices, or one of them, for the time being, to be appointed as herein after is direted, and such justices, or one of them, shall have power to inquire, upon oath, and determine concerning all such offences so reported to them, and shall order such offenders to be punished, either by moderate whipping, repeated whippings, or by dole confinement, for any

term

35

Penalty on persons escap ing from confinement, or ailifting them to escape, C

Provision of i9geo 3 c. 74. for prosecutions for escapes, C to extend to this suft.

VI siting justices to be appointed, C

term not exceeding one month; and if any person ordered to hard labour shall at any time, during the term for which he or she shall be so ordered, break prison, or shall escape frorn the place of his or her confinement, or in the conveyance to the same, or from the person or persons having the lawful custody of such offender, or if any person hall rescue any offender who shall be ordered to hard labour, either during his or her conveyance to the place of his or her confinement, or whilst such offender shall be in the custody of the person or persons under whose care and charge he or she shall be confined, or if any person shall be aiding or ailifting in any such rescue, or if any person having such custody as an assistant shall voluntarily or negligently permit such offender to escape, or if any person shall, by supplying arms, tools, instruments, or means of disguise, or other wise in any manner aid or assist any such offender in any escape, or in any attempt to make any escape, though no escape be actually made, every such offence as aforesaid shall be punished in the same manner as the like offence would be punishable under the before mentioned act of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, directing two national penitentiary houses to be built, if such had been committed by or in respect to any person ordered to hard labour in either of the said two penitentiary houses therein mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted That the provision made in and by the said acts of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, for carrying on prosecutions for escapes, attempts to escape, breaches of prison, and rescues, in the case of persons adjudged to either of the said penitentiary houses thereby directed to be built, shall extend and be applied to any prosecution for any escape, attempt to escape, breach of prison, or rescue, in the case of any person who under this at shall be adjudged to any of the said penitentiary houses.

V. And, for better preventing all abuses, as well in the common gaols as in the said houses of correction, or other places of confinement to be used as penitentiary houses, be it further enacted, That the justices of the peace shall, at every general or quarter sessions after the pa sling of this a 6f, appoint two or more justices vifttors of each of the said gaols and other places of confinement; and such visiting justices so respectively appointed shall, either together or Singly, personally visit and inspeci such prison at least three times in each quarter of a year, and oftener if occasion shall require and shall examine into the state of the buildings, the behaviour and conduct of the respective officers, and the treatment and condition of the prisoners, the amount of their earnings, and the expences attending such prison, and in matters of pressing necessity, and within the powers of their commission as justices, shall take cognizance thereon, and proceed to regulate and redress the same; and at every general or quarter sessions of the peace, the said visiting justices respectively shall make.a report in writing, of the state and condition of the same, and of all abuses which may occur to their observation therein; and the chairman of the said sessions is hereby required to call upon the said visitors for such report

5

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 46. ggr

port: and it shall be lawful for every justice of the peace for such Any justice

county, riding, or division, of his own accord, and without being

appointed a visitor, to enter into and to examine the same at such confinemeilt

time or times, and as often as he hall think fit, and if he hall See.

discover any abuses therein, he is hereby required to report them

in writing at the next general or quarter sessions of the peace, or

adjourned sessions, which shall be held for such county, riding,

or division; and when and as often as report of any abuses in the Abuses to be

said place of confinement shall be made by the said visitingjuf rectified by

tices, or either of them, or by any other justice of the peace for

such county, riding, or division, the abuses so reported shall be

taken into immediate consideration by the justices of the peace for such county, riding, or division, at the general or quarter sessions,

or adjourned sessions, at which such report shall be made,

and they are hereby required to adopt the most effedhial measures for inquiring into and rectifying such abuses, as soon as the nature of the case will allow.

VI Ana for establishing and enforcing a proper police within the said gaols, in and for the several counties, ridings, and divisions, in England and Wales, be it further enacted, That a body of rules, Bye laws to orders, and regulations, as bye laws for the government of the said he made gaols, and of the prisoners to be therein confined, shall be framed, a2reeable to made, and confirmed, by such persons and in such manner as is appointed for county gaols in general, by a Statute of the thirty second year of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled,

VI. An act for relief of debtors with respect to the imprisonment of their 3zgeo.z, ca. persons; and to oblige debtors, who shall continue in execution in prison beyond a certain time, and for sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the act, to make discovery of and deliver upon oats their estates for their creditors benefit; and in the same rules, orders, and regula Rules for tiens, proper and particular directions shall be given for effectuat clafiing ofpri ing such separation and clafting of prisoners, as is directed by the ^re& % fb*aforesaidacf of the twenty-fourth year of his present Majesty, with ^geo 3.^54. such further separation and clafiing as shall be thought requisite, to be con and also as well for enforcing, amongst the prisoners of ail deformed to feriptions, cleanliness, temperance, and a decent and orderly behaviour, as for securing a just and humane treatment of them by the gaoler and his servants, and all directions contained in the said act, respecting such rules and orders, shall be exactly conformed to.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it may be lawful for the Offenders fen court by whom any offender shall be sentenced to transportation tenced to for crimes committed after the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, or, in the case of any offender to whom be

his Majesty's royal mercy shall be extended on condition of trans imprisoned portation, or for any judge or justice of the court by or before and kept to whom such offender shall have been convicted, or any justice^tilura^orfe the king's bench, common pleas, or baron of the exchequer, ^, CC^of the coif, or justice of oyer and terminer, or general gaol delivery, or justices of peace at their quarter session, to order and adjudge that such person shall be imprisoned and kept to hard fa' bour in the common gaol in and for the county where such of

fendesr

Keepers of gaols, C to mffie returns as herein directed.

Yifiting justices to examine returns, C

fender shall have been convicted, until he or she be transported or other wise removed according to law, or until he or she, by the expiration of the term of such sentence of transportation, or otherwise, hall be entitled to his or her liberty: provided always, and it is hereby expressly declared, That the time during which such offender shall so continue confined, hall be reckoned in discharge or part of discharge or satisfaction of the term of his or her transportation.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the keeper of the common gaol, and also the governors or keepers of the several places of confinement to be used as penitentiary houses in and for each county, riding, or division, on the first day of every assizes, great sessions, or general gaol delivery, hall make a just and true return in writing to the clerk of assizes, or other clerk or proper officer of such court, specifying the number and size of the cells completed for the reception of prisoners ordered to imprisonment and hard labour, the names of all and every the person or persons in his custody, the offences of which they have been guilty, the court before which each person was convicted, the sentence of the court, if tried and convicted before any court of record, or, if. committed by one or more of his majesty's justices of the peace then the name of the justice or justices before whom such person or persons was or were convicted, and the offence of which such person or persons was or were convicted, the age, bodily estate, and behaviour, of every such convict.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every such return, before it is delivered into court, shall be examined by one or more of the visiting justices to be appointed as herein before directed, who is hereby required to sign such return, and to annex thereto such observations as he shall think fit on every particular therein contained.

Persons under Cntence of Irani portati on 10 be kept ie

>: from Diherpvifoners except felons.

Gaolers to report to the grand jury the insufficiency of gaols, sot affording the means of 1 pnration.ac C rding to ^4 Geo.3 c. 54.

Provisions of 19 Car. % C 4. for sitting per

X. And be it further enacted, That as long as any person under sentence of transportation shall continue in the common gaol, the gaoler having custody of such offender shall, and he is hereby required to separate such convict, as far as conveniently may be, from every person in his custody except prisoners convicted of felony.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case the common gaol shall not be in a state to afford the means of reparation according to the directions of the said act of the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to explain and amend an act made in the ninths eleventh, and twelfth years of the reign of William the Third the said gaoler shall, and he is hereby required to report the infuftkiency of such county gaol to the grand jury at the assizes, great sessions, or general gaol delivery next to be held after the passing of this act, and at every subsequent assize, great session, or general gaol delivery, till such means of reparation shall be effected.

XII. And whereas, by an act of the nineteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for relief of poor prisoners and letting them on work, after reciting, that there was

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 46. 353

not any sufficient provision maae for the relief and setting on work of fans in gaol to poor and needy persons committed to the common gaol for felony and wor^> recited other misdemeanours, who many times perish before their trials and the poor there living idly and unemployed become debauched, and come forth injlrured in the practice of thievery and levjdness, it is enacted That the justices of the peace in their respective counties, at any of their general sessions, if they shall find it needful so to do, may provide a flock of such materials as they find convenient for the setting poor prisoners on work, in such manner and by such ways as other county charges may be levied and raised, and to pay and provide fit persons to oversee and feet such persons on work, and make such orders for accounts of and concerning the premtfes as shall by them be thought needful, and for punishment of neglects and other abuses, and for befiowing the profits arising by the labour of the prisoners sit on work for their relief which shall be duly observed, and may alter, reyoke, or amend such their orders from time to time, provided that no parish be rated above sixpence by the week towards the premises, having respect to the respective values of the several perijhcs: and whereas the provision of the said recitedjlatute is very fit to be executed with respect to such prisoners therein described as shall be confined in the gaols, with an extension thereof to all other prisoners inclined to take the benefit thereof and also an increase of the feum limited by the said act for defraying the expense of executing the same: be it therefore enacted, That the justices of the peace shall Justices may have authority to execute the said recited provision in the said execute the last mentioned act, for setting poor persons on work, as well in regard to such persons as are therein described, as in favour of all your all other prisoners within the said gaols, who may at any time be in prisoners will clined and willing to work; and for that purpose are hereby au ling to work, thorised, at a general or quarter session of the peace for the said county, or at any adjournment thereof, to direct the payment of such sums of money out of the county rate for the said county as they shall from time to time think fit to be expended in executing the provision of the said last mentioned act, according to the extension thereof hereby made.

XIII. And whereas, by an act of the fourteenth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act how vagabonds shall be pu 14 Eliz. C 5. nished, and the poor relieved, as also by the abovementioned act of the thirty second year of the reign of King George the Second, same provision is made for the relief of prisoners; but, notwithstanding the humane purposes thereby intended, the health of prisoners is frequently so affected, by want of necessary food, as to render them incapable of, labour when released, and therefore it may be expedient to have a more extensive provision in favour of such poor prisoners as shall be confined in the said gaols and other places of confinement, and have not any means of acquiring necessary fiftenance\ be it therefore enacted,

That, from and after the passing of this act, it shall be lawful for Justices in fef the justices of the peace, at their general or quarter sessions, or order

any adjournment thereof, from time to time to ordef such sum or ofth^county sums of money to be paid out of the county rate, towards assisting rates to pri such prisoners, of every description, as, being confined within the foners who said gaols or other places of confinement, are not able to work, ^annot work

354 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 46. [1791.

or being able, cannot procure employment sufficient to sustain themselves by their industry, or who may not be otherwise provided for by virtue of any law or Statute, or of any custom, or order, such food and raiment as the said judices shall, from time to time, think necessary for the support of health, and such money shall accordingly be applied, in conformity to directions to be given by the said justices.

Vmtors to re

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if the said visitors shall pott any ex at any time observe, or be satisfaclorily informed of any extraor dilstence or dinary diligence or merit in any of the offenders under their in merit in of spedtion, they shall report the same to the justices of oyer and ter fenderstothe miner and gaol delivery, or great sections, at their next or any

to be held for the county in which such of c. 9fender was convicted, in order that such justices may, if they shall think proper, recommend such offender to the royal mercy, in such degree or upon fu#h terms as to them shall seem meet, and if his Majesty shall thereupon be graciously pleased to shorten the duration of such offender's confinement, such offender shall, together with necessary clothing, receive such sum of money for his or her immediate subsistence, as the said visiting justices shall think proper, so as such sum shall not exceed twenty shillings, nor be less than five shillings, in case such offender shall have been confined for the space of one year, and foin proportion for any shorter term of confinement 5 and such sums of money, as also the expense of such clothing, shall be paid out of the county rate.

XV Jnd whereas a considerable part of the emolument of gaoler or keeper of the gad has usually arisen from fees paid to him by debtors and other per sins confined therein, and from incidental charges made by him on the county rate, on the clifmission of prisoners and on the removal of transports; and by reason of neglect in regulating the said fees, as directed by the aforesaid act of the thirty second year of King George the Second, they are become oppressive and burthensome to poor prifiners, and such charges on the county rate are liable to frequent abufii be it Justices in fef therefore enacted, That the justices of the peace assembled at their to/rttle a general or quarter sessions, or at some special adjournment thereof for ^olers^ as afore^a^) shall, and they are hereby required, within twelve

9 months after the pasting of this act, to regulate and settle a table

of fees and rates to be taken by the gaoler or keeper of the gaols or other places of confinement as aforesaid; and the said justices so assembled as aforesaid, are hereby authorised and empowered from time to time to alter, vary, or totally disallow of all or any such charges and fees, and to order a copy of the table of fees so regulated to be hung up in the court of assize and quarter sessions for the county, riding, or division, and another copy thereof to be transmitted to the said gaoler or keeper, who shall cause the same to be hung up in some conspicuous place within the gaols or penitentiary houses; and all orders and directions contained in the said last mentioned act, respecting the table of fees and rates to be taken by gaolers or keepers of prisons, shall be conformed to as if the same were herein particularly enacted and repeated; and by way of recompense for any diminution of emolquent in

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 46* 355

the office of gaoler, or keeper of the said gaols or penitentiary houses, by means of any such regulation of fees, or by the disallowing any such charges on the county rate, or any part thereof, as well as for and in lieu of all or any part of the profits and emoluments that have usually arisen from the office of gaoler or keeper, the said justices so assembled as aforesaid are hereby further authorised and empowered to grant such salaries and allowances and may grant to the said gaoler or keeper, and to his assistants, as to the said em^lumentr6 justices shall appear reasonable and satisfactory, and from time to are diminish ttme to alter and vary the same as they shall think fit; and to or ed. der and direct the said salaries and allowances to be paid out of the county rate, by the treasurer of the county, riding, or division, upon an order or orders, signed by the chairman of any general or quarter sessions of the peace held for the county, riding, or division, specifying the salary and allowance so directed to be paid: provided always, That no such regulation of fees and Regulation of charges, or any subsequent alteration thereof, or any variation in to

such salaries and allowances so granted, that may in any wise affedf be consented the sheriff or his officers, shall take place or have effect pending toby him, or the continuance in office of the sheriff who shall be actually in not to take commission at the time of making such regulation, or any altera pace during

0 u*s k|q continu

tien thereof, or of varying such salaries and allowances, unless ance in 0fgce such sheriff shall, by writing under his hand, consent thereto; and - . the said justices, in granting to any gaoler or keeper any such fa stipulate with lary or allowance, may stipulate, as a condition of the payment gaolers for thereof, that he do regularly observe and keep the rules and orders payment of of the gaol: and it is hereby further expressly provided that no not to^be^ such salary and allowance shall be paid out of such county rate to g; ven to per any woman, or other person incapable of executing the office in fons incapable person, who may at any time be appointed gaoler or keeper of of executing

such gaol.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all fines, forfeitures, and How penalties penalties, inflicted by this actor which shall be inflidfed by virtue are to be re of any rule or order to be made in pursuance thereof, the levying cov?d" an and recovering of which are not particularly herein directed, shall" " levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hands and seals of two justices of the peace, who are hereby authorised to hear and examine witnesses on oath or affirmation, and determine the same; and all such respective fines, forfeitures, and penalties, by this act imposed and inflicted, or authorised to be imposed and inflicted, the application whereof is not herein before particularly directed, shall be paid from time to time to the treasurer of the county, riding, or division, for the time being, and shall be applied and disposed of for the purposes of this act, and to or for no other use or purpose whatsoever; and the overplus of the money raised by such sale, after dedudfing the penalty, and the expenses of the distress and sale, shall be rendered to the owner of the goods so distrained and sold; and for Offendersmay want of sufficiertt distress the offenders shall be committed by be committed such justice to some prison for the said county, ridings or division, ^a^l^fn^r

Aa fortre?8.

for such term, not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month, as such justices shall think proper.

XVII. And, for the more easy and speedy conviction of offenders against this act, be it further enacted, That all and every the justice or justices of the peace, before whom any person or persons shall be convicted of any offence against this act, shall and may cause the conviction to be drawn up in the following form of words, or in any other form of words to the same effect, as the case shall happen videlicet:

Form of conviction.

)E it remembered, That on in the

year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred A.B. is convicted before me C D. one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county of [Specifying the offence,

and the time and place when and where the same was committed, as the case shall be.] Given under my hand andfeal, the day and year first abovementioned,

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions, C

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by anything done in pursuance of this act, and for which no particular method of relief hath been already appointed, such person may appeal to the justices of the peace at any general or quarter sessions of the peace, within four calendar months after the cause of such complaint shall have arisen; such appellant first giving or causing to be given seven clear days notice at least, in writing, of his or her intention to bring such appeal, and of the matter thereof, to the justice or justices of the peace before whom the conviction shall have been had, and to the clerk of the peace for the county, riding, or division, in which such offence shall be tried, and within two days after such notice, enter into recognisance before some justice of the peace for the said county, with two sufficient sureties, conditioned to try such appeal, and abide the order of, and to pay such costs as shall be awarded by, the justices at such quarter section; the justices at such section, upon due proof of such notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such recognisance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and matters of such appeal in a summary way, and award such costs to the parties appealing, or appealed against, as they the said justices shall think proper, and the determination of such quarter session shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all intents and purposes.

No proceed

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no order made touchings to be ing or concerning any of the matters in this act contained, or any want of form Proceechngs to be had touching the conviction or convictions of*any offender or offenders against this act, shall be quashed for want of form, or be removed or removable by certiorari, or any other writ or process whatsoever, into any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster\ and that where any distress shall be made for any sum or (urns of money to be levied by virtue of this

aft

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 47* 357

act, the distress itself shall not be deemed to be unlawful, nor the party or parties making the same be deemed a trespasser or tref passers, on account of any defect or want of form in the summons, conviction, warrant of distress, or other proceedings relating thereto, nor shall such party or parties be deemed a trespasser or trespassers ab initio, on account of any irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the party or parties distraining; but the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity shall and may recover full satisfaction for the special damage (if any) in an action upon the case; but no plaintiff or plaintiffs shall recover in any action for such irregularity as aforesaid, if tender of fufr cient amends hath been made, by or on behalf of the party distraining, before such action brought.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any suit or action shall be prosecuted against any person or persons, for anything done in pursuance of this act, such person or persons may plead

the general issue, and give this actor the special matter in evi General issu.

dence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done

by authority of this act; and if a verdict shall pais for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their action or actions after issue

joined; or if upon demurrer or otherwise judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any

Treble costs

defendant or defendants hath or have by law in other cases; and

though a verdict shall be given for any plaintiff, in any such action or suit as aforesaid, such plaintiff shall not have costs against the

defendant, unless the judge before whom the trial shall be, shall

certify his approbation of the action, and of the verdict obtained thereupon.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all actions, suits, and Limitation of prosecutions, to be commenced against any person or persons for adhons.

anything done in pursuance of this act, shall be laid and tried in the county or place where the facts were committed, and shall be commenced within six calendar months after the fact committed, and not otherwise

CAP. XLVII.

fitn att to prevent other Ships than those laden with tobacco from noor ing and discharging their fading at the places appointed by an made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty^ intituled An act for repealing the duties on tobacco and snuff, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof; to prohibit the exportation of damaged or mean tobacco; and for permitting the importation of tobacco andfnuff into the port fl/'newcastle upon Tyne.

WHEREAS by an act, made and passed in the twenty-ninth

[Preamble.]

year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for ^Geo. 3.0.68* repealing the duties on tobacco and snuff, and for granting new recited, duties in lieu thereof, the commissioners of the customs in England nd Scotland respectively were required, from time ta time, to six and

358 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 47. [1791.

appoint, or cause to be fixed and appointed, and from time to time continued tit such and every of the respective ports in England and Scotland respectively, in the said act enumerated, a certain place for the mooring all Ships or vessels, in or on board which any tobacco Should be imported or brought into Great Britain, according to the dire ft ions of the said act, and which Should come or arrive within such respective ports, and certain provisions were made therein for enforcing the j'ame\ under the authority of which act the said of of the customs in England and Scotland have respectively appointed certain places for the purpose of mooring all Ships and vessels in or on board which any tobacco Should be imported at the ports therein enumerated: and whereas it is necessary, in order to give effect to the provisions of the said act before mentioned, that such Ships or vessels only as are laden with tobacco shoidd be moored, and discharge their cargoes at the places so appointed by the respective of; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho nonebutto rjty Gf the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July one b^moore^,  thousand seven hundred and nintey one, it shall not be lawful for C within the any ship or vessel arriving at any of the said ports in the said act limits of the enumerated, other than such ships as fb % ll be laden in the whole

olnted^under r n Part to^acco? to moored, or the lading thereof dif r Sited at for charged, at or within the limits of any of the places appointed, mooring such or to be appointed, by virtue and in pursuance of the said act, for ships, on pe the mooring of ships laden with tobacco; and in case any ship or naltyofaol. vessel shall be moored, or the lading thereof discharged contrary to this act, the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, and wilfully offending herein, shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered, mitigated, and applied, tinder and subject to the like rules, regulations, powers, and provisions, as other penalties and forfeitures, for any offence or offences committed against the said act of the twenty-ninth year aforesaid, or any other act: or acts made for the securing the revenue of customs are directed to be recovered, mitigated, or applied, and as fully and amply as if all the rules, regulations, powers, and provisions of the said acts respectively were repeated and re enacted in the body of this act.

II. And whereas by the said act passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, among other things, the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees of tobacco imported according to the regulations of that act, are allowed to export, under the restrictions therein mentioned, such damaged or mean tobacco as he or they shall refuse to pay the duties for, and which shall have been separated from sound tobacco, according to the directions of that act: and whereas the permitting in future the exportation of any such damaged or mean tobacco may be detrimental to the fair importers of tobacco, and productive of injury to the revenue; be it therefore en damaged toasted. That, from and after the tenth day of June one thousand bacco to be seven hundred and ninety one, it shall not be lawful to export

any

179x-3 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 47. 359

any such damaged or mean tobacco, but the same shall be burnt burnt, and no and destroyed under the directions of the commissioners of his majesty's customs^and excise respectively; and the said respective importer for of shall sell and dispose of the ashes arising the reform the same, for the mod: money that can be gotten for the same, and no allowance shall be made to the importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees, for or in consideration of any such damaged or mean tobacco.

III. And whereas by the said al, passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, it is, amongst other things, enabled,

That no tobacco or fluff whatever shall be imported or brought into any part of Great Britain, except the ports of London, Bristol, Liverpool, Lancaster, Cowes, Falmouth, Whitehaven, Hull, Port Glasgow, Greenock, and Leith, upon pain offorfeiture of all such tobacco and snuff respectively as shall be imported or brought into any part of Great Britain, except some or one of the said ports hereinbefore enumerated, together with the hogsheads, casks, chests, cases, and other packages respectively, containing such tobacco or fnujfreflectively, and the ship or vessel in or on board which the same shall be so imported or brought, together with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel: and whereas it is expedient to permit the importation of tobacco and snuff into the port of Newcastle upon Tyne; be

it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and Tobacco and after the tenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ortedinto

ninety one, nothing in the said recited act shall extend, or be [he port of construed to extend, to prevent the importation of tobacco and Newcastle snuff into the said port of Newcastle, but that it shall and may be upon Tyne, lawful to import tobacco and snuff into the said port of Newcastle.

IV. Provided always, That, on the importation of tobacco and under the re fnuffinto the said port of Newcastle, the same shall be subject! and sulation^of liable to all and each and every the rules, regulations, conditions, onjuneioe restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures to which tobacco and snuff 1791, care respectively subject! and liable by virtue of the said recited act,

or any add or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the said tenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, on being imported into any of the ports particularly enumerated in the said recited act; and all and every the clauses, powers, directions, and authorities in and by the said recited act, and every other act and acts of parliament in force, on and immer diately before the said tenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, relating to tobacco and snuff imported into any of the said enumerated ports, shall apply and be put in full force and execution, with respect! to tobacco and snuff imported into the said port of Newcastle, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said clauses, powers, directions, and authorities were particularly repeated and re enacted in the body of this act; and all and every the clauses, powers, directions, and authorities in and by the said recited act, and every other act or acts of parliament relating to tobacco, tobacco stalks, Spaniflo, tobacco stalks for tobacco stalk flour, snuff work, tobacco stalk fiour^ or fauffj shall alfq apply and be put in full force and execution,

360 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 48  50. [1791.

with respect to the said port of Newcastle, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said clauses, powers, directions, and authorities were particularly repeated and re enacted in the body of this act.

CAP XLVIII

An act for raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for N the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.

Commissioners of the treasury may raise 3, 500, 000!, by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. 5, 1792, in like manner as is prescribed by the land tax act of this session, concerning loans, C The clauses, C in the said act relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this act. Exchequer bills so issued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 1792. Action not to lie for such refusal. Principal and interest, with charges, to be repaid out of the next supplies; and if sufficient supplies be not granted before July 5, 1792, to be charged on the consolidated fund. Montes so issued to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this act; an act 5 & 6 Gul. & Mariae notwithstanding.

CAP. XLIX.

An act for raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for defraying the public expenses, occasioned by the augmentation of his Majesty's forces in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

Commissioners of the treasury may raise 1, 833, 000b by loans or exchequer bills before Jan. 5, 1792, as prescribed by the land tax act of this session The clauses in the said act relating to loans or bills, (exception) extended to this act. Exchequer bills not to be received in payment of taxes, nor exchanged by any receiver of the public revenue, before Odt. 10, 1795. Recital of acts 31 Geo. 3. viz. C 2. C 1. C 5. C 15. C 21. C 25. Exchequer bills issued under this act, and interest, to be discharged out of the moneys arising in the exchequer after April 5, 1792, from the duties imposed by the recited acts. Temporary duties imposed by the recited acts to cease at the times mentioned. How the charges attending this act are to be defrayed. The bank may advance money on the credit of this act.

CAP. L

An act for raising a further sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.

Commissioners of the treasury may raise 2, 000, 000b by loans and exchequer bills, before Jan. 5, 1792, in manner as by the land tax act of this session is prescribed, C The clauses in the said act relating to loans or bills, (exception) extended to this act. Exchequer bills so issued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6,

1792. Action not to lie for such refusal. Money so raised to be repaid out of the next parliamentary aid; and if sufficient supplies be not granted before July 5, 1792, to be charged on the consolidated fund. Moneys so issued to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this act; an act 5 & 6 Gub & Marias notwithstanding.

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 51. 361

CAP. LI.

An act for better protecting the several oyster fishtries within this kingdom.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the maintaining and preserving the several oyster fjheries of this kingdom is a great national object: and whereas the laws now in being are notfuffcient effectually to maintain andpre serve the said fjheries, and to prevent the destroying of the oyfer brood therein; in order therefore the better to protect the said fjheries, and to prevent the destroying of the oyster brood within the same, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's moil: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any person or persons shall, at any time from and From Aug. r, after the first day of Auguf one thousand seven hundred and 179f'pe1^"on* ninety one, with or by means of any net, traul, dredge, or other instrument or engine whatsoever, take or catch any oysters or oysters or oyster brood, within the limits of any oyster fishery of this king brood within dom, or hall dredge for oysters or oyster brood, or use any oyster the hmi^ of dredge, or any net, instrument, or engine whatsoever within the p^nifhable br limits of any such fishery, for the purpose of taking or catching gne anci jm. oysters or oyster brood, although no oysters or oyster brood shall prisonraent. be actually taken, or shall, with any net, instrument, or engine, drag upon the ground or soil of any such fishery, all and every such person and persons, (other than and except such persons as shall be the owners, leftees, or occupiers of such fishery, or shall be other wise lawfully entitled to take or catch oysters therein) shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of an offence and misdemeanour, and shall and may be prosecuted for the same by indictment at the assizes, or general quarter sessions of the peace, to be held in and for the county, riding, or division in which such fishery shall lie; and the justices in sessions are hereby authorised and required to hear and determine all and every such offence and offences; and such person or persons being lawfully convicted by verdict, or by his or their own consession, shall and may be punished for any of the said offences, by fine and imprisonment, or either of them, as the court before whom such person or persons shall be so convicted shall think proper, such fine not to exceed twenty pounds, or be less than forty shillings, and such imprisonment not to be for more than three months, or less than one month.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this act shall extend, or Act: not to ex be construed to extend, to prevent or hinder any person or persons ted to the whomsoever from taking, catching, or fishing for any floating a

fish in the waters or creeks within the limits of any oyster fishery, with any net, instrument, or engine, which shall be made or fitted for the purpose of taking or catching floating fish only.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justices may justice of the peace acting for any county, riding, or division, issue warrants

wherein forapprehend*

362 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 51. [1791.

ing offenders, wherein any offence shall be committed contrary to this a ct, ant upon complaint and oath made before hinv (which oath he is may commit ^ere^y empowered to administer), that any person or persons, ex them till the cept as aforesaid, hath or have, within thirty days next preceding quarter fef such complaint, taken or caught any oysters, or oyster brood, fions. within the limits of any oyster fishery, or dredged for oysters, or

oyster brood, or used any oyster dredge, or any net, instrument, or engine, within the limits of any such fishery, for the purpose of taking or catching oysters or oyster brood, although no oysters or oyster brood shall be actually taken; or with any net, instrument, or engine, 'dragged upon the ground or soil of any, oyster fishery, to issue out a warrant or warrants under his hand and seal for the apprehending of the person or persons so offending, and for bringing him or them before himself or any other justice of the peace acting for such county, riding, or division; and the justice, before whom such person or persons shall be brought, shall, and is hereby authorised and required, if he see cause, to commit him or them to the common gaol, or other usual place of confinement for prisoners, in and for such county, riding, or division, there to remain until the then next assizes or then next general quarter sessions of the peace to be held in and for such county, riding, or division, whichever shall first happen next after such person or persons shall be so apprehended and brought before such justice, unless such person or persons shall enter into recognisance before such justice, with two good and sufficient sureties (each and evry of them in the penalty of twenty pounds), to appear either at the said next assizes or general quarter sessions of the peace, which shall first happen as aforesaid, then and there to answer to any indictment or indictments that shall or may be preferred against him or them, under or by virtue of this act.

Persons, found WAND be it further enacted, That if any person or persons, taking, or uf except as aforesaid, shall be found actually taking or catching takin^o* Iters* any y^ers or oyster brood, within the limits of any oyster or brood, re fishery, or dredging for oysters or oyster brood, or using any fuiing to dif oyster dredge, or any net, instrument, or engine whatsoever, cover them within the limits of any oyster fishery, for the purpose of taking seized or catching oysters or oyster brood, " although no oysters or oyster

*shall be actually taken, or with any net, instrument, or

engine dragging upon the ground or soil of any such oyster fishery, it shall be lawful for any person, being an owner, lessee, or occupier of such fishery, or otherwise lawfully entitled to take or catch oysters therein, and for his apprentice or servant (in case the person or persons offending against this act shall, on being required so to do, refuse to discover his or their real name or names, and the true place or places of his or their abode or residence respectively) to seize. Secure, and detain every such person so being found actually taking or catching any oysters or oyster brood, or dredging for oysters, or using any oyster dredge, or any net, instrument, or engine for the purpose aforesaid, although no oysters or oyster brood shall have been actually taken, pr with any net, instrument, or engine dragging upon the ground

179r0 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 51. 363

or soil of such oyster fishery, and refusing to discover his reajf name and true place of abode, and forthwith to carry him and them before any justice of the peace'ailing for such county, riding, or division; and the said justice, on oath being made before him (which oath he is hereby empowered to administer) of the offence against this ail, for which such person or persons was or were seized or secured and detained, shall and is hereby authorised and required to proceed against him and them, in such and the same manner as if he or they had been apprehended and brought before such justice by virtue of a warrant or warrants issued for that purpose, under the authority of this act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no justice No justice to of the peace shall, by virtue of this act, commit any person or commit, or persons, or take or require any security from him or them, for his s^many or their appearance as aforesaid, unless one good and sufficient persons, with householder, being an owner, lessee, or occupier of, or otherwise out recogni lawfully entitled to take or catch oysters in the oyster fishery zance is enter wherein the offence shall be sworn to have been committed

(whose oath that he is such owner, lessee, or occupier, or other P 'wife lawfully entitled as aforesaid, shall be sufficient evidence thereof to such justice), shall enter into recognisance before the said justice in the penalty of twenty pounds, for his appearing either at the then next assizes, or general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, riding, or division, as the case may be, and then and there preferring and prosecuting with effect a bill of indictment against the person or persons so to be committed, or bound by recognisance, for the offence or offences, for which he or they shall be so committed or bound as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if at any time after any Persons may person or persons shall have been committed in pursuance of this ^q^onfine^ ad, two good and sufficient sureties shall, before the justice by ment upon whom such person or persons was or were committed, or any recognisance, other justice of the peace for the same county, riding, or division,

enter into recognisance in the penalty of twenty pounds each, with condition for the appearance of such person or persons so committed at the then next assizes, or general quarter sessions of the peace for the same county, riding, or division, which shall first happen, then and there to answer to any indictment or indictments that shall or may be preferred against him or them by virtue of this act; then, and in such case, it shall be lawful for any such justice, by warrant under his hand and seal, to order such person or persons to be discharged from his or their said commitment, and delivered out of custody, and he and they shall be discharged accordingly; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall This act not extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, alter, abridge, or to affect any affect any act of parliament now in force, respecting any parti f^j^re/ed eular oyster fishery within this kingdom, Nor any clause, regula in any partition, method of proceeding, power, matter, or thing the rein; cular oyster Uit that all and every the powers, authorities, jurisdictions, fishery,

o and

364 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 51. [1791.

and directions contained in all such acts of parliament, shall and may be pursued, enforced, exercised, and executed in such manner and form, and as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if this act had not been made, or to preclude

VIII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall ex prosecution at tend, or be construed to extend, to prevent, bar, or preclude any. common person from commencing any prosecution or action at the common-law for any act or offence herein before described, which shall be done or committed within the limits of any oyster fishery, in such manner and form as if this act had not been made; but, nevertheless, when any person shall have been punched, in pursuance and by virtue of this act, for any offence against the same, such person shall not be prosecuted by virtue of any other law or Statute, or be liable to any other punishment or penalty for the same offence, or to have any action or suit in law or equity brought against him on account of that offence for which he shall have been punished in pursuance of this act.

Limitation of

IX. And be it further enacted, That no action at law shall be actions. brought or commenced against any person or persons for any arrest authorised to be made, or any other matter or thing done, or to be done, by virtue of this act, until after twenty-one days potice thereof, in writing, shall have been given to the person or persons against whom such action is intended to be brought, or left at his or their last usual place or places of abode, setting forth the cause of such action, and that every such action shall be brought within the space of six calendar months next after the cause of complaint shall arise, and shall be laid and tried in the General issue. proper county wherein the same did arise, and not elsewhere; the defendant or defendants in such action may plead the general issue, and on the trial thereof give this act and the special matter in evidence; and if, on the trial of such action, it shall appear that the same was commenced without having given such notice, or before the expiration of twenty-one days next after such notice shall have been so given or left as aforesaid, or after the end of six calendar months next after the cause thereof shall have arisen, or if such action shall be brought or laid in any other county than as aforesaid, or after sufficient tender of amends shall have been made to the party or parties aggrieved, that then, and in any of the cases aforesaid, a verdict shall be entered as found for the defendant or defendants; and in all cases where a verdict shall be found or entered for the defendant or defendants in any such action, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue the same after appearance, or shall be nonsuited, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or Double costs. defendants in such action shall have double costs, and the like remedies for recovering the same as defendants have by law for recovering their costs in other cases.

[Public act.]

X And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a puulick act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other, persons, without specially pleading the same,

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 52, 53. 365,

CAP. LII.

An act to continue, for a limited time, an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for further regulating the trade or business of pawnbrokers.

[Public act.]

29 Geo. 3. c. 57. recited, and continued for a year.

CAP. LIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by

a lottery.

806, 3501. to be raised by a lottery. All persons who have made deposits, pursuant to the resolution of the house of commons, are required to pay the remainder of their subscriptions at certain times specified, viz. 2l. by July 1, 1791; 2l. by August 5, 1701; al. by September rtf, 1791; 3l. by October 2i, t 1791;1. by December 9, 1791; and the remaining 4l. by January 13/1792; and the contributors for each 16l. 3s. 6d. advanced, to have, upon each fortunate ticket, the lot fallen to him; and those that pay contributions before the time limited, to be allowed discount at 3l. percent, per ann. and if the whole sum of 806, 250b be paid, to have lottery tickets delivered at the rate of 16l. 2l. 6d. each. Cashier to give security, to the fativadion of the commissioners of the treasury; and to pay all moneys received into the exchequer. Commissioners of the treasury im powered to apply the money paid in by the cashier. 500, 000b the amount of the prizes, to be paid but of any supplies granted this session. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books. Managers to examine the books, with the tickets, and deliver them to the cashiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the same.

Cashiers to return the books, with the undisposed tickets, with an account of money received and paid in Undisposed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or (ilk; and cut off indentwise into a box marked with the letter (A), and put into another box to be locked up, and sealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 50, 000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets, two prizes of 30, 000b two of 20, 000b three of 10, cool, five of 5, 000b ten of 2, 000b 15 of 1,000b 30 of 500b 50 of iool. 100 of 50b 14, 150 of 20b 1,000b to the first drawn ticket; i, ooool. to the last drawn. Tickets in the outermost column of the last mentioned books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a box marked with the letter (B), C Public notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing Feb. 20, 1792.

Method to be observed in drawing, C Number of the fortunate tickets, and the iums, to be printed. Disputes to be adjusted by the managers.

Penalty on forging tickets, C capital felony and death. Offenders (not in priior.) discovering persons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50b reward.

Proviso no attainder for such offences to make corruption of blood, loss of dower, or disherison of heirs. Managers, to be sworn. The oath.

I A.B. as a manager and director of the lottery to be drawn In pursuance of an act of parliament, made in the thirty first year of his Majesty's reign, do swear, That I will faithfully execute the trull reposed in me; and that I will not use any indirect art or means, or permit or direct any person to use any indirect art or means, to obtain a prize or fortunate lot therein, for myself, or any other person whatsoever; and that I will do the utmost of my endeavours to prevent any undue or sinister practice to be done by any person whatsoever; that I will, to the best of my judgement, declare to whom any prize, lot, or ticket, of right does belong, according to the true intent and meaning of the said act.

Cashier may receive the sums subscribed before receiving th lottery bopk; giving a note for the same; which shall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every 16b 2s. 6d. paid After July 1, 1791* the cashier may deliver tickets

not

66 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 54, 55. [1791.

not exceeding m value half of the sum actually subscribed; and shall give receipts for the residue of such sums, after deducing the value of the tickets so delivered. Contributory, not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their deposits, and the tickets to be returned to the managers, See. Commissioners of the treasury may reward the managers, Sec. as they shall think fit. The 500, 000b for the payment of the fortunate, tickets, to be charged on any supplies granted this session; and shall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on June 38, 179z, C Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, See. and signed, Sec. of of the treasury empowered to defray the incidental expenses attending the execution of this act. No see to be taken for receiving or paying contribution moneys, or for any receipts, Sec. on penalty of sjpl. No tickets to be divided into any other shares than halyes, quarters, eighths, and sixteenths, on penalty of 50l. Form of shares of tickets.

J ^OLTER Y for one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.

(anhalf) Ticket N

(or as the share may be.)

The bearer of this share will be entitled to one part of such

beneficial chance as shall belong to the ticket numbered as above, in the lottery to be drawn by virtue and in pursuance of an act passed in the thirty first year of his present Majesty's reign.

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Persons counterfeiting shares, Scc. guilty of felony, and suffer as such.

---

CAP. LIV.

An act to continue, for a limited time, and to amend an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to amend and continue, for a limited time, several acts of parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying slaves in British vessels from the coast of Africa.

Continued until the first of August, 1792.

CAP. LV.

An act for establishing a company for carrying on trade between the kingdom of Great Britain and the coasts, harbours, and countries of Africa; and for enabling the said company to hold, by grant from his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and from the native princes of Africa, a certain district of land, commonly called The Peninsula of Sierra Leone, now vested in his Majesty, or belonging to the said princes, for the better enabling the said company to carry on the said trade

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the establishing of a general trade and commerce from these kingdoms to and with the coasts of Africa, and from thence to and with the several interior kingdoms and countries of that continent, would be highly beneficial to the manufactories and other trading interests of these kingdoms: and whereas the interior kingdoms and countries of the said continent have not hitherto been explored by Europeans, nor hath any regular trade ever been carried on therewith

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 55. 367

from these kingdoms, nor can such undertakings be conveniently carried on and supported, unless a considerable capital joint stock is raised for that purpose: and whereas it is also necessary for the parties engaging therein, that they should have the sole and absolute possession of some district of land on the said coasts, where they may form a factory or settlement for their servants, a secure depository for their goods and merchandise, and a safe harbour for their shipping: and whereas several persons have already formed themselves into a society, and subscribed considerable sums of money for the purpose of establishing and carrying on such trade and commerce; but are apprehensive that difficulties may arise as well in recovering debts which may grow due to the joint stock, as in defending suits or actions which may be commenced or brought against the subscribers for any matter or thing relative to the society,

---

as by law all the several subscribers and proprietors to and in the society must in such case both sue and be sued, implead and be impleaded by their several and disiinfl names and descriptions; and it is expedient that the several subscribers and proprietors shall be protected from becoming liable to the payment of any sum or sums of moneys beyond their respective shares in such capital joint stock: and whereas many persons who are Hot now liable to become bankrupts, within the intent and meaning of any of the laws now in force concerning bankrupts, are likewifefear f ul of subscribing money to carry on the laudable purposes of the said society, by becoming subscribers to and part owners of the said capital joint stock, and by being engaged or concerned in the dealings to be carried on therewith, they may be liable to have commissions of bankrupt issued against them as traders: therefore, for the more eafly effecting. the purposes of the said society, and for avoiding the difficulties aforesaid, the said society are desirous of being incorporated, and having a common seal and name, by which they may be known and distinguished, sue and be sued, i tuple ad and be impleacted: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[Proprietors.]

That, Granville Sharp esquire, Samuel Whitbread esquire, Henry Thornton esquire, Robert Hunter and Philip Sanfom, merchants of London; sir George Young knight, William Wilberforce esquire, William Lushington esquire, Richard Clark esquire alderman of London,

Paul le Mesurier esquire alderman of London, William Morland esquire, John Maitland esquire, Joseph Hardcastle, William lord lam, Cornwall Smalley, merchants of London; William Sharp esquire, Joseph Corfbie, George Sharp, Theophilus Pritzier, Joseph Reyner, William Moore, Henry Heyman, John Shaw, Vickeris Taylor, John Thompson, John Blunt, merchants; sir Francis Wood baronet, John Call esquire, John Ringston esquire, the reverend Thomas Gisborne clerk, the reverend Thomas Clarkson clerk, Charles Grill, Thomas Slack, merchants; Charles Hamilton esquire, Peet Musgrave, Abraham Harman, James Trimmer, James Renet Syms,

George Dyer, John Blunt junior, merchants; Robert Adamson esquire, William Sandford esquire, Daniel Beat Chrifie esquire,

John Scott merchant, sir Charles Middleton barones, Milliatn Morton

368 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 55. [1791.

Pitt esquire, Timothy Stansfid merchant, samuel milford esquire, John Drury esquire, Robert Hunter junior merchant, sir Willliam Green baronet, James Bland Burgess esquire, Francis Wilson esquire, Daniel Roberts merchant, William Agar esquire, Charles Mills esquire, Henry Calvely Cotton esquire, Nathaniel Ward Bowers merchant, Thomas Everett esquire, Thomas Atkinson merchant, Henry Mitton esquire, William Purdy, Amos Haytony John Blakejley, John Blakejley junior, merchants; Edward Raveifcroft esquire, John Hobart Briggs gentleman, Samuel Parker, John Brickwood, Thomas Pattle, William Bullock, merchants, joshua Jenour esquire, Ralph Leycsfler esquire, James Law esquire, John Gardener esquire, James Phyn, Alexander Ellice, John Inglis, of gbod Hanbury William Bowman, Nathaniel Lucas, Charles Betkey Samuel Brandram, Samuel Glaifter, Bryant Barret, James Wellington, Kymer, johntaggart^ Robert Kingston, merchants;

Princep esquire, Alexander Higginson esquire, sir Richard Carr Glynn knight, George Wolfe, Thomas Eldref merchants, Charles Montagu esquire, Henry Allen esquire, William Parker, V

z, and John Mayer, merchants, their executors, administrators, and assigns, and all and every persons and person who hall hereafter, either in their own right, or as executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, in right of any other person or persons, become proprietors of, or interested in any part or share of the said capital joint lock as herein after is mentioned, hall be, and they are hereby made one distinct and separate body politic and corporate in deed and name, for the establishing and carrying on of a trade or commerce to, from, and between these kingdoms and the coasts, countries, and harbours of Africa, by the name or style To be a body cf Sierra Leone Company, and that by the same name they corporate. hall have perpetual succession, and a common seal, and that they and their successors may from time to time break, change, alter, or make new such common seal, as to them hall seem meet and expedient.

Cosmpanymay

II. And be it further enacted, That the said company shall be purchase able, and capable in law, and hall have perfect and full power "nd and ability in law, to have, purchase, take, hold, receive, possess,

and.enjoy lands, tenements, and hereditaments, of what nature or kind soever, situate in any part of his majesty's dominions, not exceeding in the whole the annual value of two thousand pounds; and that any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, may give, grant, bargain, fell, or convey to the said company any lands, tenements, or hereditaments for the use and benefit of the said company, notwithstanding the Statute of mortmain, so that the same, together with the lands so to be purchased as aforesaid, do not exceed in the whole the said annual value of two thousand pounds; and that the said company hall have full power and ability at law to sell, grant, alien, demise, or dispose of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or any part thereof, at their free will and pleasure, and in their corporate name shall be able and capable in law to sue and implead, be sued and impleaded answer and be answered, defend or be defended,

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 55. g

in all or any court of record, or elsewhere, in all actions, fuitsv and causefe what foe ver, for, touching, or concerning the said company or their capital joint Rocky or any of their property estate or estates, in as large, ample, and beneficial manner and form as any other body politic and corporate, or any other the liege people of Great Britain, or other his majesty's dominions may or can have, purchase, take, hold, receive, poltefs and enjoy, fell, grant, alien, demise, or dispose, sue, implead, answer, or defend, or be impleacted, sued, defended, or answered* in any manner of wise, and shall and may by the name aforesaid do, perform, and execute, and cause and procure to be done, performed, and executed, all or any lawful acts, matters, and things whatsoever, appertaining to them to do, perform, or execute for, touching, or concerning the general trade or dealings of the said company.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Power to raise said company, in such general court or courts thereof as is or are? capital authorised to be held pursuant to this alto raise such capital Joint oc flock for the establishing and carrying on of the trade or

business of the said company, at such times and in such proportions as to them shall seem meet, not exceeding in the whole the sum of five hundred thousand pounds, by taking subscriptions from'particular persons (being or not being members of the said company) for advancing money for this purpose, in such shares as are herein after mentioned, according to the order or orders of such general court or courts for the time being of the said company, or by such ways and means, and in such methods, as to such general' court or courts shall seem meet and expedient, for making up the said capital joint stock, and that the said capital joint stock so to be raised shall be divided intofhares of fifty pounds each.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every persons and Subscribers to person by or for whom any subscription shall be made or accept have an in ed, or any payment made pursuant to the orders of such general

court or courts, for or towards the raising of the said capital joint fl 0ck, accord frock as aforesaid, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or ingtothe assigns respectively, shall have and be entitled to a hare of and in amount of the said capital joint stock of the said company, in proportion to the moneys which he or they shall have contributed towards making up the same, and to a proportionable share of the profits and advantages attending the same capital joint stock, and shall be admitted to be members of the said company; but that no person or persons shall be entitled to any greater share in the said capital or joint stock of the said company than the money which he, he, or they shall have paid towards the same; and that the several members of the said company do and hall respectively (land responsible and answerable to all just debts and demands of the creditors of the said company, to the full amount of their several and respective shares in the capital of the said joint stock, but shall not be any further or otherwise liable, either personally or in their several and respective lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods, chattels, or effects, for any undertakings, engagements, contracts, or agreements,

entered

to borrow money.

Company not to deal in or have (laves.

directors

pointed.

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 55. [1791.

entered into by the said company, or the dealings and transavstions thereof.

V. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted. Company not That it shall not be lawful for the said company to borrow or take

up, by way of loan, anyfum or sums of money whatsoever, other than and except by a subscription for shares, in manner hereinbefore specified and mentioned.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said company, either direcffly or indirectly, by itself or themselves, or by the agents or servants of the said company, or otherwise howsoever, to deal or traffic in the buying or selling of Haves, or in any manner whatsoever to have, hold, appropriate, or employ any person or persons in a (late of slavery in the service of the said company.

VII. And, for the better ordering, managing and governing of the affairs of the said company, and for the making and establishing of a continual succession of persons to be directors thereof be it further'

ap enacted, That there shall be from time to time chosen from out of the members of the said company, during the continuance of the said company, thirteen directors of and for the same company, (one of whom shall be chosen for a chairman, as herein after mentioned, and one aether for a deputy chairman); which directors, or the major part of them, being met and assembled together (whereof the chairman or deputy chairman to be one, except in liich cases as hereafter otherwise directed) shall be and be called a court of directors of the said company, and shall have the ordering, management, and direction of the affairs of the said company, as herein after mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That an election of thirteen

electing direc directors of and for the said company shall be made as herein after torb' is mentioned, by and out of the members of the said company, at

a general court of the said company, to be held within thirty days after the first day ov July one thousand seven hundred and ninety one; and that on some day or days, time or times, between the first day of January and the first day of April in every subsequent year, there shall be an election of thirteen directors of the said company, and that the persons who shall be so elected directors of the said company shall continue directors thereof until the persons to be elected directors at the then next ensuing general election, or the major part of them, shall be sworn into their respective offices.

For giving noix. And be it further enacted, That notice of the day and days, tice of the time time and times when any election is to be made of a director or of choosing di direebor^ of and for the said company shall be given and published rcc orb. n^Gazette, by such person or persons as are hereby empowered to summon a court to make such election respectively, fourteen days at least before any such election shall be made.

For choosing a X And be it further enacted, That upon and after every such chairman and annual election of thirteen directors, and the said new directors, eputy C ui or^major part of them, shall be duly sworn in, they the said new directors, or the major part of them, shall, at their first meet

ingt

Manner of

man.

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 55- zn

ing, elect and choose two of their own number to be a chairman and deputy chairman of the said court of directors, who shall continue in their respective offices until the persons so to be elected directors at the next ensuing general election, or the major of them, shall be sworn into their respective offices.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case of the death or For chufin^ other avoidance of the office of director or directors of the said company for the time being, or any of them, the survivors of them, death or or the major part of those remaining in their offices, shall and may avoidance e>f at any time, upon fourteen days notice at least to be given in the the office, London Gazette as a'oresaid, alienable together the members of the said company; and the members of the said company so assembled, or the major part of them, shall and may then and there elect and choose some other person or persons, qualified as herein is diredf ed, in the room and stead of the person or persons then dead, oi whose office or offices shall have otherwise become void; and that the person or persons so to be chosen shall continue in such office or offices respectively until the person or persons to be elected directors at the next ensuing general election, or the major part of them, shall be sworn into their respective offices.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in casa of the death or For chusing a other avoidance of the office of chairman or deputy chairman of chairman and the court of directors of the said company, the survivors or others n^ar^of the of the said directors for the time being shall and may, at any court court of direc of directors to be summoned and held for that purpose, as herein tors, in cases before is mentioned, proceed to the election of one or two of their f death or own number to be a chairman or deputy chairman, as the case he office  may be; and that the chairman or deputy chairman so to be elected shall continue in his or their office or respective offices until the persons to be elected directors at the then next ensuing general election, or the major part of them, shall be sworn into their respective offices.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all elections of a direc Elevens and for or directors of the said company, or any of them, and all mat bufmd? to be ters and things, in all general courts to be held of the said com majorit^of.^pany, shall be made, dor, and determined by the majority of the votes, votes of the members of the said company, who shall be present

at such elections.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in every election of Members of directors, or any of them, in any general or other court, which shall be held of the said company, every member thereof who according to shall vote at such general or other court, and shall, at the time of the number of such general or other court, have, in his or her own name and their shares. right, one or two hare or hares in the then capital joint stock of the said company, and no more, shall (by reason and in right thereof) have and be entitled to one vote; and every member of the said company who shall vote at any such general or other court, and shall then have, in his or her own name and right, three or fourfhares in the then capital joint hock of the said company, and no more, shall (by reason and in right thereof) have and be entitled to two votes; and every member of the said com ---  b 2 pany

372 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 55. [1791.

pany who hall vote at any such general or other court, and shall then have, in his or her own name and right, five, six, or (even shares in the then capital joint stock of the said company, and no more, shall (by reason and in right thereof) have and be entitled to three votes; and every member of the said company who shall vote at any such general or other court, and shall then have, in his or her own name and right, eight or nine shares in the then capital joint stock of the said company, and no more, shall (by reason and in right thereof) have and be entitled to four votes; and every member of the said company who shall vote at any such general or other court, and shall then have, in his or her own name and right, ten or more shares in the then capital joint stock of the said company, shall (by reason and in right of such shares) have and be entitled to five votes; but that no member of the said company shall have or be entitled to give, at any general or other court of the said company, more than five votes.

Directors to

XV. And be it further enacted, That no person to be elected take an oath into the office of a director of the said company shall be capable of acting in the said office, until he shall have taken an oath, in form of to the effect following 3 (videlicetj,

I A.B. dofaithfully pro mise and fvuear, That in the office of director of the Sierra Leone company I will give my beji advice and affijlance for the support and good government of the said company, and that I will faithfully and honestly demean myself and execute the said office according to the beji of my kill and understanding.

So help me GOD.

No person to

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no person, except such have a vote in joint proprietor as hereafter mentioned, shall give any vote for the d^re6tosor^ e^e^lon f directors, or any of them, or for or concerning the making of bye snaking of byelaws, or any other matters relating to the affairs iaws, butpro or government of the said company, at any general or other court, who shall not then have, in his or her own name and right, and for his or her own use, and not in trull for any other person, one hare at least in the capital joint stock of the said company.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That where more persons than one shall be jointly interested in one or more share or shares in the said capital joint stock, they shall be entitled to give their vote or votes in respect of such share by the person only whose name shall stand first in the books of the said company as joint the form shall proprietor of such share or shares.

vote

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where the

ake^ffirma pef^on or pel*sons by this act required to take any oath shall be of tiens instead the people called quakers, it shall be sufficient for him or them, of the oaths instead of the oath required, to make his or their solemn affirma required tien to the same effect.

No person to

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be ca dfrector^un pa^e f being elected or chosen a director of the said company, ltfecpolle(fed vyhq shall noi a cthe time of such choice.or electioa have, in his

pnetors.

Where joint proprietors hold a share, the person whole name hands first in

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 55. 373

own name, and in his own right, and for his own use, and jointly with or in trust for any other person or persons, one share at least in the capital joint stock of the said company; and that ft0ck. upon parting with his share in the said capita] joint stock, or reducing the same to less than one share as before mentioned, the place of such director so parting with, reducing, or diminishing his share in the said capital joint stock as aforesaid, shall become vacant, and another proprietor shall be elected director in his room by the members of the said company, according to the rules and methods herein prescribed or mentioned, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no person nominated Form of oath to be a director shall be capable to act in the said office of director ^7

until he shall have taken an oath, in the words or to the effect 1 e ^, rc on" following (videlicet):

I A.B. do five ar, That one share at leaf of the capital joint stock of the Sierra Leone company, whereof 1 am appointed or elected to he directory doth at this time belong to me in my own right, and not in trufl for any other person or persons whomsoever.

So help me GOD.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the several and respectOaths to be tive oaths by this act required or appointed to be taken by the said taken by di directors of the said company, every or any of them respectively, re&qrs to be shall and may be administered by the lord mayor of the city of byword^Londonflor any alderman of the said city for the time being, or mayor, &c, any of them, or by any two or more of the said court of directors, who shall first have taken the said oaths, and they and every of them respectively are hereby authorised and required to administer the said oaths accordingly.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per In case any Tonnes to be nominated director or directorsas aforesaid shall, for the Pfison chosen space of forty days after such nomination or election, and notice feg^ededs thereof given or sent to or left with or for him or them at his or to"qualify or their usual place of residence, by writing under the hand of the takethe office, secretaryof the Lid company for the time being, neglect or refuse anew election to take the oath hereby appointed to be taken by the said directors to mae of the Lid company, or shall refuse or neglect to take upon him his or their office or offices of director, then and in such case the office or place of director of every person so neglecting or refilling shall become vacant, and a new election or elections shall be made into such place or places by the members of the said company, according to such rules, methods, and qualifications of the electors as herein before is mentioned and prescribed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said court of di For holding rectors for the time being, or the major part of them (whereof the chairman or deputy chairman to be always one, unless in such dfrettovs. cases as herein after mentioned) shall and may from time to time, and at all convenient times, assemble and meet together at any

374 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 55, [1791.

convenient place or places, for the direction and management of the affairs or business of the said company, and then and there hold courts of directors for the affairs or business of the said company, and summon general courts to meet as often as they shall see eause; and that the said court of directors, or the major part of them, so assembled, shall and may aft according to such bye laws, constitutions, orders, rules, or directions as shall from time to time be made and given unto them by the general court of the said company, and in all cases not especially provided for by any bye laws, constitutions, orders, rules, or directions made by the said general court, the said court of directors, or the major part of them, so assembled, shall and may direct and manage all the

affairs and business of the said company, not especially appointed by this act to be done by the said company, in a general court of the same, subject nevertheless to such restrictions, limitations, rules, or appointments as are contained in this act on that behalf

XXIV. And belt further enacted, That all matters and things appointed which the said court of directors, or the major part of them, shall order and direct to be done by fub committees, or^other persons appointed under them, shall and may, by virtue of such orders, be done by the said fub committees and other persons so appointed, as fully as the said court of directors might lawfully do the same.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said court of directors shall have power and authority to administer an oath to their secretary, for the faithful and due execution of his trust, in the words, or to the effect following (videlicet);

I A.B. being elected into the office or place of secretary to the Sierra Leone company, do fiveary That I will be true and faithful to the ry's oath. said company, and will faithfully and truly execute and discharge the said office ofsecretary, to the utmost of my fill and power.

So help me GOD.

And that when any person shall be appointed secretary of the said company, notice in writing shall be forthwith sent to, pr left with or for him, at his usual place of residence, by the chairman of the court of directors at which he shall be so chosen, of such his election, and he shall by such notice be required to qualify himself without delay for the said office, by taking the said oat(i. Notice to be

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That when any person shall fonsappomted app^nte^ agent or servant of the said company, notice thereof aeents or fer shall given or sent to, or left with or for him at his usual place vants to the of residence, by writing under the hand of the secretary of the said company. company for the time being.

The oath of

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said court of du agepts or ier reors have power and authority to administer to the agents L and servants of the said company the like oath, mutatis mutandis,

which they are hereby authorised and empowered to administer to their secretary.

Secretary. C

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any person Beglefting to Q

179r*l Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 55. 375

to be elected secretary, agent, or servant of the said company as take the oath,

aforesaid, shall for the space of forty days after such nomination office to be

or election, and notice thereof given or sent to, or left with or for

him at his usual place of residence by writing as herein before is

mentioned, neglect or refuse to take the respective oath and oaths

hereby appointed to be taken as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to take upon him or them, his or their office or offices, that then,

and in every such case, the office and place of every such person so

neglecting or refusing shall become vacant, and a new election or elections shall be made into such place or places as in the respective

cases is herein before prescribed and mentioned.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Meeting of the members of the said company, qualified as aforesaid, from time^company, to time, to assemble and meet together at any convenient place or places, for the choice of the directors of the said company, according to the true intent of this act, and for the making of bye laws, ordinances, rules, orders, or directions for the good government thereof, or for any other affairs or business concerning the said company; and that all the members of the said company, or so many of them as shall be assembled (whereof the chairman or deputy chairman to be always one, except in such cases as herein after are mentioned) shall be and be called a general court of the said company, which court shall assemble and meet together at such times and in such manner as herein after is directed.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said court of direc One general tors or the major part of them for the time being, shall and they

are hereby required, from time to time, to summon and appoint be held! one general court at least: in every year, between the first day of yanuary and the first day of April.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if at any time or For summon times there shall be a failure of holding a general court within the ing general said time, by the default of the court of directors for the time be courts, incafes ing, that then and so osten, and in every such case, any five or call^them^y more of the directors of the said company shall and may summon the court of and call a general court, which shall meet and be held some directors. time in the month of May next after the time in which such general court Should have been held, upon the summons of the major

part of the court of directors of the said company as aforesaid.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said court of di For summon rectors, or the major part of them for the time being, shall, from ]ng general time to time, upon demand in writing under their hands, to be ^on^oin made by any nine or more of the members of the said company, njne members having each of them one full share at least in the capital joint stock of the conv of the said company, solely or jointly, as herein before is men pany. tioned, within twenty days after such demand, call a general court

to be held of the members of the said company; and if the said court of directors, or the major part of them, shall refuse or neglect to summon and call such general court, it shall be lawful for the said nine or more members, having each one fuil share as aforesaid, upon fourteen days notice in writing to be published in the London Gazette to summon and hold a general court of the said

directors for rnii management, and chasing others in their places.

376 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 55. [1791.

company, and then and there to appoint one of themselves to ha president or chairman of the general court so to beholden, and to do and dispatch any business relating to the government or affairs of the said company j and that in the general court so to be called andholden, or in any other general court of the said company, the members then and there present may hear and debate any complaint that shall be made against any director or directors, for mismanagement in his or their office or offices; and if such direct for or directors hall not clear himself or themselves of such complaint to the satisfaction of the major part of the members of the said company, who shall be present at the said general court, then and in every such case, within twenty days next after such general court, another general court shall be called and held of the members of the said company, fourteen days notice thereof being given as aforesaid, finally to determine the same by the majority of votes For removing as aforesaid; that the said second general court may, by the majority of votes as aforesaid, remove and displace any director or directors for such mismanagement in his or their office or offices, and may elect some other person or persons from out of the members of the said company, being qualified as herein before is mentioned, to be director or diredhors in manner before prescribed, in the room or rooms, stead or leads of such person or persons as shall be removed or displaced, and that the person or persons so to be elected hall continue in such office or offices, until the persons tobeeledled directorsat the then next ensuing general election, or the major part of them, hall be sworn into their respective offices,

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said company snake byelaw?. {haq haye fuq power, and they are hereby authorised in the general courts or assemblies aforesaid, by majority of votes as aforesaid, to make and constitute reasonable laws, constitutions, orders, and ordinances, from time to time, for, touching, or concerning the trade of the said company, and for making dividends of the profits arising from their capital joint stock, and for the good govern j ment of all or any other affairs or business of the said company, and for the good government of all the officers, servants, and others, concerned in the same, and to infiidl reasonable penalties and forfeitures for any breach or breaches thereof, so that the same be not repugnant to the laws of this realm; and that all the said penalties and forfeitures shall and may be levied, recovered, and received to the only use and behoof of the said company, without any account, matter, or thing, to be therefore rendered to any person or persons whomsoever.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the first general court for the said company shall be held within the space of thirty days next after the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.

XXXV. And be it further epaebed, That in all cases when there shall] be an equality, or an equal number of votes in any general court, or in any court of directors to be held as aforer said, the chairman for the time being shall have the calling vote.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That a court of directors'

Company may

First general court.

Chairman to have the call Jng vote.

For holding courts of di tsdtorso

377

f 791 -3 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 55.

of the said company shall be summoned and held once at lead in every calendar month, during the continuance of the said company; and that in case the chairman or deputy chairman shall refuse or neglect to summon and hold a court of directors, once at lead in every calendar month, and in every case, where under the provisions of this at it shall be necessary that a court of directors Should be held, and through neglect or refusal of the chairman or deputy, or deaths of them, or either of them, the same cannot be otherwise held, then and in every such case, and so osten, five or more of the directors of the said company for the time being may, upon reasonable notice to be given thereof in the London Gazette, summon the directors of the said company to assemble and meet together at the then usual place of meeting of the court of diredfors, and the said directors, so assembled upon such summons, or the major part of them, shall be and be deemed to be a court of directors of the said company, and shall and may t ran sail and do all matters and things belonging to a court of directors of the said company to transact and do.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That when any court of fr holding directors shall be duly summoned to assemble and meet together, re&lors^not if the chairman or deputy chairman shall by reason of sickness, withstanding absence from London or other occasions, not come or be present the absence of at such meeting, and shall not send notice of his or their inability the chairman to attend, within two hours after the time appointed for such

meeting, then and in such case the directors, or the major part of them, being so met, shall and may in such case make, hold, and be a court of directors, and do and transact all matters and things belonging to a court of directors of the said company to do and transact; or if the chairman and deputy chairman shall send notice of their inability to attend, then, without waiting two hours after the time appointed as aforesaid, the directors, or the major part of them, so met, shall and may make, hold, and be a court of directors, and in like manner proceed to business.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said company shall cause an accomptant to keep a book or books in the public office or place of meeting of the said company, to be provided for that purpose, and therein fairly to enter or cause to be entered, from time to time, the account of the capital joint (lock of the said company as aforesaid, the same to be by him attested upon oath (if required), which said book or boolcs shall from time to time lie open to be viewed, and shall be called The Ledger of the Capital Joint Stock of the Sierra Leone Company; and there shall also be from time to time provided and kept, as herein after is mentioned, one or more other book or books, which shall be called The 'Transfer Book or Books of the Sierra Leone Company.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the shares of all and every person and persons whomsoever, of and in the said capital joint (lock of the said company, or any of them (so that the same be not thereby split and divided into fractions) shall and may be assignable and transferrable, assignedand transferred, to such person or persons only as shall freely and voluntarily accept the same,

and

For keeping the books of the company.

For assigning Ilians.

and not otherwise, by an entry to be made in the said transfer book or books, signed by the party or parties so aligning or transferring, in the words or to the effet following, (videlicet)*y

I A.B. transfer and assign unto C D. his executors, administrators, and assigns, my Share or J, hares

[as the case may be] in the capital joint stock of the Sierra Leone Company, and all benefit arising therefrom. ivitncfs my hand, this day of

in the year of our Lord

Or in case the person or persons aligning or transferring be not present, that then and in such case the alignment or transfer shall be made by an entry in the said book or books lad mentioned, signed by some person thereunto lawfully authorised by letter of attorney, or deed duly executed in the presence of and atteded by two or more witnedes, in the words or to the effect following, (videlicet),

I A.B. by virtue of a letter of attorney from C D. dated the day of in the year of

our Lord do in the name and on the behalf of the said C D. transfer and assign unto E. F. his executors, admi nifirators, and assigns, the Share or fares of the said C D. in the capital jointjlock of the Sierra Leone company, and all benest arising therefrom. Witness my hand, the day of in the year of our Lord

No person to claim as executor, acimi uistrator, or devisee, without producing the probate or letters of administration.

And that all alignments and transfers made in manner above preferred, and no other, shall be good and available in the law, and shall transfer and convey the whole estate and intered of the party or parties so aligning or transferring, or authorising such alignment or transfer, of and in such and so many of his, her, or their said shares thereof, as in such alignment or transfer shall be mentioned, and all benefits and advantages in respect thereof, unto the assignee or transferee, adignees or transferrees therein named, his, her, and their executors, administrators, and assigns.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no person who shall claim any share or intered of or in the capital joint dock of the said company, either as executor, administrator, or legatee, shall transfer the same, or receive any dividends or profits thereof, until he, she, or they shall have produced the will, or probate of the will, or the letters of administration under which he, she, or they re speulively claim, unto the person or persons who shall have the care and keeping of the said transfer book, in order to his or their making an entry or memorandum of such will, probate, or letters of administration, or of so much thereof as relates to the said dock, in a book or books to be by him or them kept and provided for that purpose, which book or books shall be open in the transfer office, to be seen and perused at all seasonable times, by all persons concerned, without fee or charge 3 and the person or persons

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 55* 379

keeping the said transfer books is and are hereby required to provide and keep such book or books, and to make such entries and memoranda accordingly.

XLI And, to prevent any doubts in the minds of the public with respect to the credit of the said1 company, be it further enacted, That For prevent some time between the first day of April and the first day of May in every year, there shall be published and declared in the London t|1c public, Gazette, a just and true account of the debts, credits, and amount with respetf to of the capital stock of the said company, signed by the chairman, the credit of deputy chairman, and five other directors of the said company for the company. the time being.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Forappointing the directors of the said company for the time being from time to makfng allow time to choose or appoint, or cause to be chosen and appointed, ances to them, such officers and servants as they shall judge necessary to be employed in the service or the said company, and to continue them,; or any of them, in their respective offices or employments, in such manner as they the said directors shall think fit; and also to settle and establish proper salaries, sees, or allowances to the officers 2nd servants so to be chosen and appointed.

xllil. And be it further enacted, That the capital joint stock Shares in the of the said company, and the share and interest of each and every particular member thereof and therein, shall be deemed and ad deemed per judged, in all courts of law and equity, and elsewhere, to be a fonal estate. personal and not a real estate, and shall go to the executors or administrators of the person or persons dying possessed thereof, or entitled thereunto, and not to the heir of such person.

XLIV And, for the better and more effectually establishing and carrying on of the trade and business of the said company, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and ^rs Majesty successors, to make unto the said company a grant, by letters pa ^nd^the tent under the great seal of Great Britain, of so much and such company to part of all that tral or distribl of land, situate and being at Sierra hold, the ex leone, on the coast of Africa, and commonly called or known by elusive right to the name or description of The Peninsula of Sierra Leone, as already of^fe^leo may have, or shall hereafter, by any grant, purchase, or celfion northeast from any of the kings, princes, or chiefs having right therein, become vested in his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with full power, liberty, and privilege to and for the said company to purchase of and from all kings, princes, and chiefs, or other powers having right to make sale thereof, so much land as shall include the whole trabl or distribl so commonly called or known by the name of The Peninsula of Sierra Leone as aforesaid, as the same is bounded on the north by the river Sierra Leone, on the south by the river Caramanca, on the east by the river Bunce, and on the west by the seato hold the same, and the whole use, property, and possession of the said peninsula (as well such part thereof as may have so been vested in his Majesty as aforesaid, as also such additional part so to be purchased by them under the authority of this abs, and his majesty's said grant) unto the said company and their assigns upon such terms, conditions, and refetvations to be

---

380 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 55. [1791.

inserted in the said grant, as his Majesty, his heirs and successors respectively, shall judge expedient.

[For securing the African merchants operation of the act.]

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to affect the rights of any other British subjects trading to Africa, so as to prevent or in any manner to obstruct the Chips or vessels belonging to British subjects from anchoring in Sierra Leone or Caramanca rivers, or in any of the creeks, bays, or harbours within the limits specified in this act, for the purpose of refitting and repairing as heretofore, with full liberty to the same to erect temporary tents, huts, or sheds on the shores of the said peninsula, for the security of the shores and accommodation of the persons employed upon such occasions; and that no impediment or obstruction shall be given by the said company, their agents or servants, to such British subjects, or their agents, to prevent their purchasing ivory, wax, tamwood, and provisions from the natives, or procuring fruit, firewood, and water as heretofore, without; any new charge being exacted for the same.

[Proceedings not to be vacated for want of form.]

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That no proceedings to be had and taken in pursuance of this act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of form only.

[Limitation of actions.]

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any action, suit, or information shall be brought, instituted, or commenced (in any court of Great Britain) against any person or persons, for anything done in pursuance of this actor in the execution of the powers and authorities, or the orders and directions herein before given or granted, every such action, suit or information, shall be brought or commenced within six calendar months next after the fact committed, or in case there shall be a continuance of damage, then within six calendar months next after the doing or committing such damage shall cease, and not afterwards; and the defendant or defendants in such action, suit, or information may, in any such court, plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any action, suit, or information, shall be brought after the time so limited for bringing the same, then and in such case the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants, or the court of sessions in scot land shall dismiss the said suit; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, pursuer or pursuers, shall become nonsuit, or suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action, suit or information, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if a verdict or judgement, or decision of the court of session in Scotland shall pass against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, pursuer or pursuers, or if upon demurrer, or otherwise, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit in any action or actions at law.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall take

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 56. 381

[For limiting the duration of the act to thirty-one years.]

place and have continuance from the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, for and during the term of thirty-one years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

[Public act.]

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a public act; and all judges in any of the courts in Great Britain, justices, and other persons, are hereby required to take notice of it as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LVI.

An act more effectually to prevent abuses and frauds committed by persons employed in the manufactures of combing wool and worsted yarn, in the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the said city.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS, by certain acts of parliament, made in the twenty second year of the reign of King George the Second, and the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for 2zgeo.z. c. 27. the more effectua) preventing of frauds and abuses committed by 14 Geo. 3-c. 44. persons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the woollen, ^Geo.j. c.^. linen, fustian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and iilk manufactures; and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers, and journeymen hotpressers, and of all persons employed in the said several manufactures, and for the better payment of their wages; certain penalties and punishments in the said acts respectively mentioned are infiifted upon all persons who floall reel Short or false yarn, and on persons embezzling the materials used in the said manufactures: and whereas the purposes of the said acts have been greatly frufi rated, within the comity Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the same city, from the woolcombers and makers of worfied yarn being unwilling to expose themselves singly to the loss attending the resentment of the spinners and work people, by prosecuting them for offences against the said acts: and whereas this important branch of the woollen manufacture within the places aforesaid will be greatly prejudiced, unless the woolcombers and makers of ivorfled yarn are enabled jointly to carry the said acts into effectual execution, and unless Jerne further regulations are made to prevent frauds and abuses committed by. persons employed in the manufactures of combing wool and worsted yarn, which cannot be done without the aid of parliament: my it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That a general meeting of the woolcombers and makers of Generalmeetr worsted yarn, in the county of Norfolk, and city of and j^awers county of the lame city, mail be held at the city of Norwich, upon appointed, or before the second day of September one thousand fever, hundred and ninety one, at the hour of eleven of the clock in the fore' '

notice of which shall be given in some of the Norwich newspapers, at least twenty-one days before the said meeting, by u the

No journeyman to attend or vote at any meeting.

Committee to appoint a clerk.

Kis duty.

Quarterly meetings appointed.

the clerk of the peace for the city of Norwich, at which said general meeting such of the said woolcombers and makers of worsted yarn as shall be present shall have votes, and having first chosen a chairman, shall elect, nominate, and appoint twelve persons from amongst themselves, which said twelve persons so to be defied shall be a committee of the said woolcombers and makers of worsted yarn, until another committee shall be chosen and appointed in the manner herein after provided, and so as often as there shall be occasion, which committee are hereby authorised and empowered to nominate and recommend proper persons to be licensed by the justices of the peace for the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the same city respectively, at any of their quarter sessions, or any adjournment thereof, to be inspectors for the purposes herein after mentioned; and the said committee shall also have the direction of all prosecutions of offenders against this and the said before mentioned as, and the management of the fund or funds herein after created, and shall have power to do all other matters and things which may be deemed necessary and proper for carrying this act into execution, in such manner as the said committee shall from time to time think bess: for the interest and advantage of all the woolcombers and makers of worsted yarn in the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and, county of the same city.

II. Provided always, That no woolcomber or maker of worsted yarn, who shall be employed as a journeyman, shall attend or have a vote at any meeting to be held in pursuance of this act, or in any manner interfere in the carrying of this at into execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said committee, at any quarterly meeting assembled, and they are hereby authorised and required, from time to time, 'to nominate and appoint, by writing under their hands, a proper person to be their clerk, which said clerk shall attend the meetings of the said committee, and shall, in proper books to be provided for that purpose, enter and keep true and perfe6f accounts of all the acts, proceedings, and transactions of the said committee; and that each and every of the said woolcombers and makers of worsted yarn shall and may, at all convenient times, have recourse to, and peruse and inspedh all such books gratis, and may demand and have copies thereof, or of any part thereof, paying twopence for every one hundred words so to be copied; and if any such clerk shall refuse to permit any such woolcomber or maker of worsted yarn to inspect any such book, or refuse or wilfully neg let to make and deliver any copy thereof, or of any part thereof, at the rate aforesaid, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That for the purposes aforesaid, a meeting of the said committee shall be held four times in every year, (that is to say) on the first: Friday in the months of January, Aprils July, and October, at five of the clock in the afternoon of each and every of the said days, in the city of Norwich

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 56.

which; and the committee at such quarterly meetings shall have power to adjourn themselves from to time, as occasion may require, the firffc of which said quarterly meetings shall be held on the first of the said days on which the said quarterly meetings are herein before appointed to be held, which shall happen after the election of such committee, and at such place as shall be fixed and agreed upon by such committee after their election; and at such first quarterly meeting, and every subsequent meeting of such committee, a chairman for each such meeting shall be chosen; and at every such quarterly meeting the place at which the then next quarterly meeting shall be held shall be fixed upon and ap /

by the majority of such committee then assembled; and Chairmans# the chairman of such committee is hereby required to cause four e C 0 en teen days notice to be given of the time and place of the next following quarterly meeting of such committee in some of the Norwich newspapers; and all matters or things that shall come Questiontoba before such committee for their determination shall be determined

by a majority of votes of the members of such committee there present; and if there shall be an equality of votes upon any question which shall come before the said committee, after the chairman shall be chosen, then the chairman shall have a calling vote, by which vote such question in dispute shall be determined.

V. Provided nevertheless, That in case at any such quarterly No bufinefg meetings, or at any adjournment thereof, there shall not be pre e

sent and assembled five of the persons constituting such committee, meetings, un then and in such case no business whatsoever shall be done at such less five meta meeting or adjournment, except that (if such meeting shall be a hers are prequarterly meeting) then the majority of the persons present shallleil*appoint the place at which the then next ensuing quarterly meeting shall be held, and shall cause fourteen days notice to be given thereof in some of the Norwich newspapers; in case no such appointment shall be made, and notice thereof given as aforesaid, the next quarterly meeting shall be held at the place where the last quarterly meeting was appointed to be held.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any Three corn time it shall appear to any three or more of such committee, that, C

for the more effectual putting any of the powers granted by this cjai meeting, abl into execution, or for settling or discussing any matters or things whatsoever relative to the same, a special meeting of such committee is necessary or expedient to be held, it shall be lawful for the said three or more of the said committee to direct the clerk to give notice of such special meeting of the committee to every member thereof, setting forth the place where, and the time when, such special meeting shall be appointed to be held, which notice shall be given seven days at the least before the time appointed for such special meeting; and in case there shall be then present at such special meeting five of the said committee, it shall be lawful for such of the said committee so present to proceed in thje execution of the powers given by this act to the said committee.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the said New commit

committee shall die, or decline business as a woolcomber or t(: e i?en to be

-, chosen upon

maxer vacancies.

384 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 56/ [1791.

maker of worsted yarn, or shall go to reside in any county, city, or place not subject to the regulations of this a, or shall wilfully absent himself from the said quarterly meetings for the space of one year, or refuse to al, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said committee at any of their quarterly meetings, there being five of such committee then present, to choose another proper person, being a woolcomber* or maker of worsted yarn within the county of Norfolk, or city of Norwich or county of the same city, in his place, who shall have the same power and authority as if appointed at a general meeting.

VIII. And be it further cnacsted, That if at any time it shall appear to any twenty or more of the woolcombers or makers of worsted yarn within the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the same city, that the said committee neglect to discharge their duty touching the execution of this acct, and such twenty or more of such woolcombers or makers of worsted yarn shall, in writing under their hands, make complaint thereof to the justices of the peace at any of the general or quarter sessions of the peace for the said city and county of the same city, or any adjournment thereof, to be assembled, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such justices in such sections assembled, and they are hereby required (if they shall think proper, after hearing the nature of such complaint) to call and appoint a general meeting of the woolcombers and makers of worsted yarn within the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the same city, at such time and place as such justices shall think proper, and shall also cause notice to be given of such general meeting in some of the Norwich newspapers, setting forth the place where and the time when such general meeting shall be held, the same not being less than twenty-one days after such notice given; and it shall be lawful for such woolcombers and makers of worsted yarn, present at such general meeting, to elect, nominate, and appoint a committee, confiding of the same number of persons, and in the like manner, and under and subject to the like orders, regulations, and directions as is and are herein before laid down and ordered for the election of the first committee; and the persons so elected, nominated, and appointed to be a new committee in manner aforesaid, shall thereupon be inyefted with the same powers and authorities as the former committee were invested with; and the powers and authorities by this at given to the former committee shall from thenceforth cease and determine.

IX. And, for preventing frauds and abuses for the future, by persons employed in the manufactures of combing wool and worsted yarn within the limits aforesaid, and for the more effectually carrying this

Justices to ap aft into execution, be it further enacted, That the justices of the point mi pec peace for the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county tors of yarn. the same cjty respectively, at their first or second quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the same city respectively, next after the first general meeting of the said woolcombers and makers of y/orfted yarn to be held in purftjance of this act, or any adjournment

If committee neglect their duty,

justices, on complaint thereof, may call a general meeting.

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 56. 385

ment of such sessions, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required to licence and appoint such persons, of good character and repute, as shall be recommended to the said justices by the said committee, to be inspectors of worsted yarn within the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the same city, such recommendation to be signified in writing under the hand of the chairman of such committee.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said committee shall Committee and may, and they are hereby authorised to station such inspectors fpg^rs^nd for such districts in the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and an0w them county of the same city, as the said committee shall think proper, salaries. notwithstanding the jurisdiction of the justices who shall have LI censed such inspectors respectively shall not extend to the whole of the respective districts for which they shall be respectively stationed, and shall and may assign, allow, and pay to the said inspectors so appointed such yearly salaries as the said committee shall think proper, out of the fund herein after mentioned to be raised for that and the other purposes of this act; and also shall and may re rtiove, dismiss, and displace any of such inspectors, who by sickness or any other accident shall be rendered incapable of serving the said office, or shall misbehave, or not conduct himself or themselves to the satisfaction of such committee.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said inspectors soap Inspectors to

pointed shall severally and respectively, in the several districts al diligence*j r9j*4 jj convicting

lotted to them by the said committee, use all due diligence and an bringing

industry for the convicting and bringing to justice all offenders offenders to - against this and the said former acts; and also shall and do from justice. time to time, and as often as they shall be thereto required by the Their power said committee inspect the several reels of all and every the spinners of worsted yarn in their respective districts, and also the hanks or fkeins of worsted yarn in the custody or possession of such spinners, in order to see that the directions herein after laid down for reeling such yarn be complied with*and also shall and doy from time to time, when and as they or any of them shall detest any person or persons offending against this or the said former acts, within their respective districts, lodge informations against such offender or offenders, before any justice of the peace for the county or place where such offence shall be committed, and prosecute such offender or offenders to conviction; and it shall be lawful for every such inspector, from time to time, as occasion shall require, to inspect the yarn in the custody of any putter out of wool, or of any agent hired or employed to put out wool, or of any spinner of such wool or worsted yarn, within such respective districts; in case any such person shall refuse to show and produce the yarn in his or her custody, he or she shall forfeit and pay such sum of money, not exceeding ten pounds nor less than five pounds, if a putter out of wool, or an agent or person hired or employed to put out wool, and not exceeding twenty shillings, nor less than five shillings, if a spinner, as such justice before whom he or she shall be convicted shall think proper.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every person employed Directions Voi# XXXVII C C or how worsted

3u

yarn shall be reeled.

General regulations for putting out wool spinning See.

Further regulations reflecting putting out wool, C

Penalties on falle reeling of worsted yarn.

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 56. [1791.

or undertaking to spin or reel worsted yarn for hire in the said county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the same city, shall reel, or cause or procure the same to be reelect, either upon a yard reel, of thirty-six inches, or a seven quarter reel of sixty three inches, or a two yard reel of seventy two inches round, and when such worsted yarn shall be so reelect, each and every several hank or ike in of such worsted yarn, which shall be so reelect, shall consist of or contain such a number of raps or leas, each and every of which raps or leas consisting of or containing eighty threads of such worsted yarn as is herein after specified; (that is to say), every hank or skein shall be seven leas reeled on the yard reel, and six leas reeled on the seven quarter reel, and seven leas reeled on the eight quarter or two yard reel; and that every hank or skein that shall be used as a binder to tie up or bind together any pound or parcel of yarn shall contain the lame number of threads in a rap or lea, and the same number of raps or leas as the other hanks or fkeins in the said pound or parcel.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no person employed to spin wool, or to put out wool for pinning, within the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the same city, shall take in or have in his or her possession, at one and the same time, the wool or yarn belonging to more than one woolcomber or maker of worsted yarn; and that every person who shall put out wool, or take in yarn, other wile than as above specified, being a putter out of wool, shall pay the sum of forty Shillings, and being a spinner, shall pay the sum of five Shillings for every such offence, which penalty shall be paid into the hands of the nearest inspector, and shall be made part of the fund herein after directed to be established.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every spinner to whom any wool shall be put out to be spun within the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the same city, and who shall keep the same in his or her custody more than four months before the same shall be wrought and delivered back to the woolcomber or maker of worsted yarn to whom the same shall belong, or his or her agent, unless prevented working and delivering back such wool by some inevitable cause, shall be deemed guilty of embezzling the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any person hired or employed in the combing of wool, or in the spinning, reeling, or winding of worsted yarn, in the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the same city, shall reel, or cause to be reelect, or spin, or cause to be spun, any worsted yarn, contrary to the directions before specified and laid down for the spinning or reeling such yarn (whether such yarn shall remain in his or her

possession or custody, or shall have been delivered by him or her to the putter out, or other person from whom he or she shall have received the wool from which such yarn shall have been spun) or shall conceal, keep back, embezzle, fell, or otherwise dispose of any woo), or other materials entrusted with him or her to spin, r for any other purpose every such perfeu shall, for every such

1791 -3 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 56. 3^7

offence, be subject and liable to the same penalties and punishments as are severally inflicted by the said former acts, so far as the said former acts, or any of them, are unrepealed, and which said penalties (after deducing the reout all the expenses attending the conviction of the offender or offenders, and the recovery of such penalties) shall be publicly distributed by the overseer of the poor of the township, parish, or place where such offence or offences shall be committed, under the direction of the justice or justices before whom the offender or offenders shall have been convicted, among the poor of such township, parish, or place.

XVI. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained Prosecutors shall extend to the subjecting any prosecutor of any offender not to r

joy j chrlfttps Or

again! this and the said former acts to any charges or expenses of conveying conveying such offender to prison, but such charges and expenses offenders shall be paid and born by the constable or other officer convey prison. ing such offender to prison; and such constable or other officer shall be reimbursed and repaid such charges and expenses in like manner as he is reimbursed and repaid any other charges or expenses incurred in his said office.

XVII. Provided nevertheless, That no part or share of such No part of

penalties or forfeitures be given to such offender or offenders, his,

her, or their family or families. fenders.

X VIII And be it further enacted, That if any agent or person penalty on hired or employed to put out wool to be spun into worsted yarn, agentsrefuting within the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of todiscover the same city, shall have in his or her custody or possession any ^|jfesree 1 i worsted yarn not reeled according to the directions herein before specified and laid down for the reeling thereof, and shall refuse or wilfully neglect to set forth and give in evidence before any of his majesty's justices of the peace for the county, city, town, or place wherein such agent or person shall reside (being thereto required by any woolcomber or maker of worsted yarn, or inspedfcor) what person or persons was or were the reele^or reelers of such yarn, or who was or were hired or employed to roetthe same, so that the person or persons who reelect, or caused to be reelect, such yarn may be lawfully convicted thereof, he or she so refusing, or not letting forth or giving in evidence as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five shillings for every pound of such yarn, and foin proportion for any greater or less quantity than a pound, which shall be found in his or her custody; which penalty shall go, be paid, and applied by every such person, and in such manner and form, to the poor of the township or place, as any penalties hereinbefore mentioned are directed to be paid and applied,

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall putters out of be employed to put out wool to be spun into worsted yarn by any for

woolcomber or woolcombers, or maker or makers of worsted wooj g^ven

yarn, within the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and them to be put county of the same city, shall be answerable to such woolcomber out. or woolcombers, or maker or makers of worsted yarn, for all the wool he or she shall have received from such woolcomber or woolcombers, or maker or makers of worsted yarn; and it shall be law

CC ful'

388

ttpon death of inspectors, others to be appointed.

Punishment of inspe&ors screening offenders from justice.

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 56. [tfgtl

fill for any justice of the peace for the county city, town, or places where any person who shall be employed to put out wool to be spun.irito yarn as aforesaid shall reside upon the complaint of any woolcomber or woolcombers, or maker or makers of worsted yarn within the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the same city, or of his, her, or their agent or agents to issue a summons, requiring such person against whom such complaint shall be made to appear before such justice, at sometime and place to be specified in such summons; if the woolcomber or wool combers, or maker or makers of worsted yarn, on whose behalf such summons shall be issued, shall prove by the oath of any credible witness, or by the affirmation of any credible witness, being of the people called Quakers to the satisfaction of such justice, that the person against whom such summons shall have been issued, or if such person shall confess, that he or she hath received from such woolcomber or woolcombers* or maker or makers of worsted yarn, any wool to be put out to be spun into worsted yarn, for which he or she is answerable, and shall not have delivered the same td such woolcomber or woolcombers, or maker or makers of worsted yarn having received forty days notice so to do, or paid to him or them the value of such wool, then it shall be lawful for such justice, and he is hereby required to issue his warrant for the raising and levying, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person against whom such summons shall have been issued, not only the value (to be ascertained by such justice) of the wool for which he or she shall be answerable as aforesaid, but also all the charges and expenses of raising and levying the same, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner of such goods and chattels the value of which said wool or so much thereof as shall be raised and levied, shall be paid to the person or persons to whom such wool shall. belong.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any person who shall be so appointed an inspector of worsted yarn shall die, or be removed or displaced from his said office, it shall, in every such case, be lawful for the justices of the peace of the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the same City respectively, in quarter sessions assembled, or in any adjournment thereof, and they are hereby required to licence some other proper person to be an inspector of worsted yarn in his stead, upon the recommendation of the said committee; which said perfort shall be inverted with all the powers, and subject to the like removal, and liable to the like penalties for any breach or neglect of duty, as the inspector in whose place he shall be appointed to succeed was inverted with or subject or liable to.

XXI. And be it further enacted That in case any inspector so appointed as aforesaid, shall at any time take or receive from any person offending against this or the said former acts, any sum of money, or other thing whatsoever, to screen such person so offending as aforesaid from justice, or otherwise to hinder or prevent him or her from being convicted of the offence committed by him or her, and being thereof convicted upon oath of two or more credible witnesses, or on the solemn affirmation, of two or more

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 56. 389

credible witnesses being of the people called Quakers before any jufhce of the peace of the county, city, town, or place where such offence shall be committed, which oath or affirmation such justice is hereby empowered to administer, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such justice to commit such inspector so offending to the house of correction, or other public prison, for the space of one month.

XXII. And whereas, by several alsof parliament, made hi the tenth and twelfth years of the reign of queen Anne, and several subsequent acts^ the collectors of the duties upon soap by the fata acts granted are directed to pay, out of the moneys in their hands, by way of draw backy unto any person or persons who Should employ any quantity of soap in the making of any manufacture, whereof the greatest part of the value of the materials Should be wool, or in preparing the wool for the same, the duties upon the soap so spent and con fumed as aforesaid \ and to the end that asufficient fund may be raised for defraying the expenses of passing this act and carrying the same into execution; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all and every the collector or colletors, supervisor or supervisors, or other person or persons defraying employed in the colletion of the duties on soap, within the coun expenses of ty of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the same city, this at and who by the said ats are direted to pay such drawback of the duties on soap to such manufaturers as aforesaid, and such col letor or colletors, supervisor or supervisors, or other person or persons, is and are hereby required, from time to time, to deduct and retain the sum of sixpence out of every hilling to which any person being a woolcomber or maker of worsted yarn, residing within the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the same city, hall from to time hereafter be intituled, and of which, he, he, or they hall demand payment, under or by virtue of the said acts, or any other act or acts of parliament whatsoever, as and for the duties of and for all soap spent, employed, and consumed in the combing Of wool, or making of worsted yarn, or preparing the wool for the same, in the county of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the same city; and such colletor or collectors, supervisor or supervisors, or other person or persons, and each and every of them, hall severally and respectively pay or cause to be paid into the hands of the treasurer to be appointed by the said committee at some quarterly meeting (demandbeing made thereof) all and every the sum or sums of money by him, them, or any of them, so deducted and retained, by virtue and for the purposes of this act, such treasur^ giving security, to the satisfaction of the said committee, for all sums so received by him or them.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said treasurer hall, Treasurer to out of the money hereafter to be received by him in manner afore char^es^of the said, pay the charges and expenses of obtaining and pasting this a(q. sut Gf the act, and the expenses relative thereto, together with interest for money to be all or any part of such expenses, the salaries of the inspectors and received clerk herein before direted to be appointed, the expenses of all prosecutions in support of this and the said former ats, within the County of Norfolk, and city of Norwich and county of the same

39 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 56. [1791.

city, and such other charges and expenses as may hereafter be incurred or expended for the support and encouragement of the said manufacture, as the said committee shall direct or appoint; and the said treasurer is also hereby required not to pay any money, to be hereafter received by him for the purposes of this act in manner aforesaid, to any person or persons whomsoever, or for any purposes whatsoever, without such order, direction, or appointment of such committee; and such treasurer shall lay his accounts before the said committee for examination whenever they may require the same, and shall return and transmit to such committee a true and perfect account of all money which shall have come to his hands, or been paid by him from to time, as often as the said committee shall require the same.

The rate of

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case at any time sixpence in the the moneys herein before directed and ordered to be paid into the increased liars the treasurer fr the purposes aforesaid shall, after payment reduced of anc evei7 e charges and expenses herein before ordered and directed to be paid thereout, amount to the sum of two hundred pounds only, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said committee to make orders for increasing the aforesaid sixpence per shilling, which the collectors and supervisors of excise are herein before directed to retain in their hands, to any sum not exceeding eleven pence in the shilling, as they may think necessary, until the fund shall amount to three hundred pounds, and from time to time, upon the like application, reduce the same to sixpence, or any smaller sum, so as the fund in the treasurer's hands shall not exceed three hundred pounds nor be reduced to less than one hundred pounds, and so as the same shall not exceed the rate, proportion, or sum of eleven pence per shilling hereinbefore directed to be deducted and retained as aforesaid.

Recovery of

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any penalties penalties or forfeitures are laid or imposed, or authorised to be levied and recovered, and also where any punishments are directed to be indicated by virtue of this act (except only where the manner of inflicting any such punishment is by this act particularly directed) the several penalties and forfeitures shall be levied and recovered, and punishments inflicted, by such and the like ways and means, and in such and the like manner, as any penalties or forfeitures can or maybe levied and recovered, or any punishment inflicted, by virtue of the said former acts, made in the twenty second year of the reign of King George the Second, and the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, or any of them, for offences committed again if the said recited acts, or any of them; and that the money arising from such penalties and forfeitures (except such as are hereby directed to be otherwise applied) shall be paid to the treasurer to be appointed by the said committee by virtue of this act, and shall be applied to and for the purposes of this act.

"No distress to

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That be made for a no distress of the goods and chattels of any person shall be made felfeor Short or an penalty incurred for reeling or causing to be reelect, or reeling,

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 3-91.

spinning or causing to be spun, any worsted yarn, contrary to the directions before specified and laid down for the spinning and reeling of such yarn; but that every such person shall, in case he or she shall not, immediately after conviction of such offence, pay the penalty to which he or she shall become subject or liable by virtue of the said former acts, or any of them, or of this at, and the costs and charges attending such conviction, be committed to prison by the justice or justices of the peace before whom he or she shall be convicted, for any term not exceeding one calendar month, or until such penalty, and the costs and charges of such conviction, and of conveying him or her to prison, shall be paid

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the justice or justices before whom any offender shall be convicted as aforesaid shall cause the cpnviction to be made out in manner and form following; (that is to say),

BE tt remembered., "That on the day of Form of con

in the year of our Lord A.B. is convicted vision.

before me, [or us] of his Majesty's 'justices of the peace for [specifying the offence, and the place where the same was committed.] Given under my hand and Jeal [or our hands and fealsf] the day and year aforesaid.

Which conviction the said justice or justices shall cause to be fairly written on parchment, and returned to the next general quarter sessions of the peace for the county, city, town, or place where such conviction shall be made, to be filed by the clerk of the peace, and remain and be kept amongst the records of such sections.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons ag persons shall find him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any order gneved may or warrant made by any justice or justices of the peace, or upon barter set'^ any conviction before him or them, in pursuance of this act, such ftons# person or persons may appeal to the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the county, city, town, or place, where the cause of appeal shall arise, which shall not be held within fourteen days after the cause of appeal shall arise, giving ten days notice of such appeal to the person or persons on whose evidence the order, warrant, or conviction was made, and giving security, to the satisfaction of any such justice of the peace as aforesaid, to prosecute such appeal with effect, and to pay the costs which shall be ascertained by the said quarter sessions, in case the order or judgement be affirmed; and the justices in the said quarter sessions are hereby authorised to hear and determine such appeal, and to make such order therein, and to award such costs as to them shall appear just, which order shall be final and conclusive to all parties, and shall not be removed or removable by any writ of Certiorari, or otherwise, into any of his majesty's courts of record at Wef xtiinfler, or elsewhere.

XXIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That Proviso no order or other proceedings, lo made or had by or before any

39$ Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 57. [1791.

justice or justices of the peace in relation to the premises, shall be quashed or vacated for want of form only.

Limitation of

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any suit or action aftlons, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for anything done in pursuance of this act, every such suit or action shall be commenced within six calendar months next after the fast committed, and not afterwards, and shall be severally laid, 'brought, and tried in the county or place wherein the cause of General issue. action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every such suit or action hall and may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if it ball appear to be so done, or if any such suit or action shall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other county or place than as aforesaid, then the jury hall find for the defendant or defendants 5 and upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her.; or their action after the defendant or defen treble costs. dants hall have appeared; or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants hall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same, as any defendant hath for costs in other cases at lav.

[Public act.]

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LVII.

An act for building and maintaining a bridewell and correction house, in and for the city and county of Edinburgh.

Commissioners appointed for building a bridewell and correction house. First meeting of the of to be the first Monday in July, 1791. Bridewell and correction house to be built on the Caltonhill. Materials for building vested in the of Punishing persons obstructing the execution of this act. Separate apartments to be provided for male and female prisoners, C Notice to be given to the town clerks of Edinburgh, C when the bridewell, Sec. are fit for reception of prisoners. After such notice, magistrates may commit. Bridewell and correction house exempt from tax. Commissioners to provide materials for the employment of the prisoners. Labour to be proportioned to the age, sex, and health of the prisoners. Commissioners to make rules and orders for the government of the prisoners, Sec. Governor and governess to be appointed. Persons refeuing prisoners in custody, Sec. to be punished according to law. For securing a free circulation of air. Justices to inspect the bridewell and correction house. Governor and governess not to derive benefit from the sale of wine, Sec. in the bridewell and correction house. Commissioners may provide for servants becoming incapable of their offices. Harbouring idlers, rogues, or vagrants, penalty forty shillings. Accounts to be kept of the prisoners work. Commissioners may contrast for building the bridewell and correction house. Punishing persons embezzling the furniture, clothes. Sec. of the prisoners. Books to be kept of expenses and receipts. Wine or liquor not to be sold within the bridewell or correction house. Corporal punishment not to be inflicted but by order of a

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 58, 59. 393

[Public act.]

justice. Alimenting and clothing of the prisoners to be defrayed by the places from whence they are committed. Magistrates of Edinburgh, C to have the same powers as before the ad. Commissionei's may sue and be fucd in the name of their clerk. Amount of expenses to be attested by the of Magistrates of Edinburgh to furnish a supply of water to a workhouse that may be erected. Commissioners may receive prisoners from other counties paying for them. Confinement hot to acquire a legal settlement. For raising money to build the bridewell and correction house. Expenses of the bridewell, C howto be paid. Collectors to be appointed. Magistrates not raising the money, of may raise the same. Commissioners to lodge the moneys in one or other of the chartered banks at Edinburgh. New gaol intended to be built, to be under the management of the magistrates of Edinburgh. When the new gaol is built, magistrates may remove prisoners thereto that are confined in the present gaol. Before the present gaol is removed, magistrates to provide another gaol, See. Limitation of actions. Expenses of the act to be paid.

CAP. LVIII.

An act for the better regulation and government of the company of cutlers, within the liberty of Ilallamshire, in the county of York, and within six miles of the said liberty, and of their journeymen and apprentices.

CAP. LIX.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from, or from near to, the town of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick, to communicate with the river Severn, near to the city of Worcester.

Proprietors names. The proprietors to be one body corporate, by the name of "The Company of Proprietors of the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation." The canal to begin within the distance of 120 yards from the first bridge above the basin belonging to the Birmingham and Fazeley canal, near the town of Birmingham, and from thence across a lane which divides the parishes of Birmingham and Edgbaston, and through the parishes of Edgbaston, Northfield, king's norton, Alvechurch,

Pardebig, stoke prior, Dodderhill, Hanbury, Hadfor, Himbleton, odding lay, Tibberton, Hinlip, Warndon, and Claines, in the counties of Warwick and Worcester, and the parishes of Saint Martin and Saint Peter the Great, in Worcester, to a place called Diglis, to join the river Severn. No houses, gardens, C to be used or damaged, except in certain cases.

No wharf, Sec. to be made on the land of Mr. Cecil, or Mr. Amphlett, or on the glebe in Hanbury, without consent of the owner. No wharf or warehouse to be made, or earth dug, in the land of sir Henry Gough cal thorpe, in Edgbaston, without his content. Restriction as to making reservoirs in certain places. Further restrictions respecting the lands of sir Henry Gough Calthorpe. No water to be taken from, or which supplies the Birmingham canal. No water to be taken from certain brooks. Company to make five reservoirs, C The canal to be thirty yards wide.

Towing path to be on the western side of the canal in Edgbaston and near the Rea. Restrictions as to making the canal and towing path in Hadfor.

Limestone, coal, C found in making the canal, in certain lands, to belong to the owners. The canal, C not to be made within seven feet distance of the Birmingham canal. The canal not to be made so as to prejudice sir Thomas gooch's lime works. Proprietors of the Birmingham canal not to be restrained from making a junction with the intended canal. Corporations, C empowered to sell land, See. for the purposes of the ad. Commissioners appointed. Twenty pounds penalty on sheriff, C making default. Expenses of jury. Persons requesting jury to enter into bond to prosecute. Notice of injury to proprietors before complaint.

Persons giving false evidence may be prosecuted for perjury. Verdicts to be recorded. On payment or tender of moneys, lands may be entered.

Purchase money to be laid out to famie uses. Commissioners to settle proportions

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 59. [1791.

portions to be paid to several persons interested. Satisfaction for lands to be made in gross, or by annual relit. For preserving copyhold rights. Persons destroying the works may be tried and punished as felons. Proprietors may raise io, ooool. to carry on the work. Expenses of the act, estimates, See. to be first paid. The money to be raised to be divided into 1, 800 ffiarcs, at iool. each. If io, ooool. not sufficient, power to raise ?o, ooool. more, by calls upon themselves. Power to raise the 76, 000l. by mortgage. Interest upon mortgages to be paid prior to dividends. 5l. percent, to be paid to proprietors who pay their whole money, until work completed. Subscribers to have a vote for every share. General assemblies for choosing committees. Committee subject to control of general assembly. Books of account to be kept under the direction of committee. General assemblies to consist of 500 shares. Power of general assemblies. Shares not to be forfeited without personal notice. General assemblies may remove any person chosen on committee, or any officer, and make bye laws. On the death of proprietors before share completed, executors may do it. Shares may be dii'posed of After a call no ffiare to be sold till the money paid. Officers to be appointed. Treasurer, C to give security. Proceedings of the of to be entered in a book, and to be evidence. Rates for the tonnage and wharfage of all goods, coal, iron, C (except lime and limestone) as. 6d. a tonne; for lime and limestone, iod. a tonne. One penny per tonne per mile for the tonnage and wharfage of lime and limestone for the first ten miles. Threepence per tonne per mile for all goods, coal, iron, C (except lime and limestone) for the first ten miles. Only one penny per tonne for goods carried to or from the Severn, into or out of the basin at Lowefmore. Further allowances for goods remaining upon a wharf above 24 hours. Proprietors may alter rates. Matter of boats to give account of particulars of lading. Fifty feet of round and forty feet of square oak, ash, or elm timber, and fifty six feet of sir, beech, C fliajlbe deemed a tonne. In case of difference concerning weight, collectors may weigh them. Navigation to be free, upon payment of tolls. No boat under thirty five tonnes to pass through any lock, without content of the company. For fencing off towing path, and making bridges, C In case company do not fence off the towing paths, and make bridges, eland owners may do it at the company's expense. If bridges, See. made by the company, are insufficient, land owners may make others. Enabling the company to cleanse the adjoining watercourses at the land owner's expense. Lords of manors and land owners may erect wart nonles, con their lands, and if not done within twelve months after notice, proprietors may build. Regulations as to private whirfs. Weight of the lading of vessels to be marked. Boats to be gauged. Boat matter accountable for damage done by the crew. Places to be made for boats to turn or lie in Vessels lying so as to obstruct the navigation to be removed, and vessels sunk to be weighed up. Five pounds penalty on persons overloading and obstructing the navigation, or throwing ballast into the canal; and opening locks, or doing other damage to navigation. Regulation of vessels patting the locks. Canal not to be under the power of of of sewers. Proprietors to be taxed for lands and buildings in same proportion as adjoining lands and buildings. Rights of lords of manors and land owners to fiiliery reserved. Penalty on unqualified persons on board having nets. Compensation to be made to the Droitwich canal company for any diminution in their profits occasioned by making the intended canal. Compensation to the Droitwich company to be settled annually. If the rates on the Stourbridge canal shall not amount to nine, pounds for every share, the deficiency to be made up by the Worcester and Birmingham canal company. Deficiency in the rates on the Dudley canal to be made up by the'worcester and Birmingham canal company. Persons authorised by the company to inspect the accounts of the Droitwich, Stourbridge, and Dudley canal companies. Compensation to be made to the corporation of Worcester, for their water bailiff's tolls. If a new avenue be made into Worcester, at the Gloucester road, the company to erect a bridge over such avenue. Election of new of Qualification of of, iool. a year real estate, or 4, oo.ol. personal estate. Commissioners to give notice of their meetings. Commissioners

may

395

x7913 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 6o.

may act as justices. No commissioner to act where interested, or holding place of profit. Five proprietors may request a general meeting of of To compel payment of subscriptions. No subscribers, not named of the company of proprietors, to be compellable to pay their subscription3, unless they desire to be admitted of the company. The canal not to begin till io, ooool. be subscribed, and iol. percent. paid.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

Recovery of forfeitures. Persons aggrieved by irregularity in distress to recover special damage. Appeal to the quarter sessions. limitation^of actions. General issue#

CAP. LX.

An act for building a bridge near the ferry over the river Ouse, from Selby, in the west riding of the county of York, to the opposite shore in the parish of Hemingborough, in the east riding of the said county.

Proprietors names. Proprietors to be a body corporate, by the name of "The Company of Proprietors of Selby Bridge. " A wooden bridge to be built. Materials for the bridge, Sec. may be brought and worked upon any wade land near the bridge, and clay or sand may be got from the commons or wades in the manor of Selby. Bodies corporate, See. im pewered to sell premises required for building the bridge, See. Three of of the land tax to determine differences. If parties cannot agree, the matter to be settled by a jury. If a sufficient number of jurymen do not attend, the jury to be made up from the (landers by. Sheriff,

See. making default, may be fined. Commissioners or jury not to act where interested. Proprietors net to take possession of premises till pay meat of purchase money. Money payable to bodies corporate, Sec. to ie reinvested in purchase of other estates to the same uses. Recompense for*damage after bridge is begun to be built Paying expenses of the jury.

Meetings of of to be held within fourteen miles of the place of controversy. Annual rents, adjudged for damages, to be paid. twenty-five pounds a year to be paid to lord Pctre for his ferry. Until the bridge is completed, the ferry may be continued. If lord petre's relit is not paid, he may take possession of the tolls. His annual relit to have a preference to all other payments or charges. Proprietors may raise 7, ooool. among themselves to be divided into 70 shares at iool. each. Shares vested in the proprietors. Proprietors to have votes according to the number of shares, either in person or by proxy. Power to raise a further sum of 3, ooool. if necessary, by subscription, or mortgage of the tolls, Sec. kn tries of alignments to be made. Alignments may be transferred. interest to be paid. New subscribers to become members of the body. General meetings of proprietors to be held at Selby, in April and October, yearly. Committee to be appointed, and a treasurer and clerk. Committee to meet once a month within two miles of the bridge. No committee man to have more than one vote, and the chairman a calling vote.

Committee to be subject to general meetings. Committee to make calls from the proprietors. Limiting time for taking advantage of forfeitures.

General meetings may remove committee men and officers, and may make bye laws. Directing how calls on shares undisposed of, belonging to persons dying, shall be made. Shares may be sold. Shares not to be sold till calls are paid up. No business to be done at a committee unless five are present. Bridge, C vested in the company. Tolls. Coach and six horses,

3s. Coach and four horses, as. Coach and pair of horses, is 6d. Chaise and one horse, 9d. Wagon with six horses, as. Wagon with five horses, is. 9d. Wagon with four horses, is. 6d. Cart with three or two horses, 9d. Cart with one horse, 6d. A horse laden and not drawing, id. aq. A horse unladen, id. A foot passenger, i ad. Hogs, sheep or lambs, 6d. a score. Cows and cattle, id. each. Tolls may be reduced. Inhabitants of Selby, Barlby, Ofgodby, Lund Cliss, Hemingborough,

Hagthorp, Babthorp, Brackeuholm, Woodhall, Bowthorp, Menthorp,

North Duffield, South Duffield, Skipwith and Riceall, exempt from tolls.

Penalty on evading the tolls, forty shillings. Penalty on conveying persons, See. over the river for hire within Selby and Barlby, forty shillings.

Grayel

39.6 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. i.

[1791.

[Public act.]

[General issue.]

Gravel tones, C for highways in Barlby, exempted from tolls. Rights of the ferry vested in the company. Mailers of vessels made answerable for damage done to the bridge. Persons wilfully damaging the bridge to be deemed guilty of felony. Bridge to be extra parochial, and the centre deemed the division of the ridings. When bridge impalfable, a ferry to be provided. For providing capllerns, cat the bridge. Navigation to be kept clear Vessels sunk to be weighed. A hauling path to be made on the Barlby lide of the river. Regulations for mooring vessels at Selby quay. Lord Petre not to receive recompense for land taken for a hauling path. Subscribers neglecting to pay subscriptions, may be sued. Apalfage to be left under the bridge of 31 feet wide. Proceedings of company and committees to be entered in a book. Informations, C to be before one justice may mitigate penalties. A justice of either riding may take cognizance of any offence relative to both. Distress not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Appeal to the quarter sessions. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Saving rights. act not to af sect the rights of the commissioners of the navigation. Limitation of actions.

CAP. LXI.

An act for paving, cleaning, lighting, watching, widening, regulating, aid improving a certain street, called The Upper Ground Street, in the parish of Christ Church, in the county of Surrey, and certain other streets, lanes, passages, and places, within the said parish, and for removing and preventing incroachments, nuisances, and annoyances therein; and for hutting up part of an alley or passage, leading from Bull Alley to Marygold Court.

Commissioners. Eight days notice of ehufing new of Qualification of of, 50l. a year real estate, or 1000l. personal estate. Penalty on acting it not qualified, 50l. Victuallers, Sec. and persons holding places of profit under this act, not to act as of commissioners first meeting on ill of July, 1791. Proceedings to be at public meetings only. Commissioners to pay their own expenses; and such as are justices may act as such. Actions to he in the name of the clerk. Books to be kept of proceedings. For appointing officers. Commissioners may appoint officers occasionally, in case of death or removal. Officers taking any fee or reward betides the salary, or being concerned in interest in any bargain or contract, shall be disqualified to be employed under this act. Balance of money received, and not paid over at the time of the receiver death, to be paid by the executors of the deceased's estate. Penalty on persons interrupting or alfaulting workmen, C 20s. for first offence, 40s for second offence, and 3l. for third offence. Commissioners to order and direct the paving, repairing, lighting, ckansing, and watching of said street, and the lanes, Sec. in or communicating therewith. Commissioners may make contracts, and appoint lay stalls near Upper Ground Street. Surveyors, Sec. to inspect the works. Contracts between landlord and tenant concerning paving, not vacated by this act. Commissioners to appoint watchmen. Transcripts of regulations of watchmen, beadles, Sec. to be ligned by the of Disturbers of the peace to be secured. Penalty on beadles and others neglecting their duty, 20s. Watchmen to apprehend all malefactors and disturbers of the peace: Property of all materials for the purposes of this act vested in the of For punishing persons damaging dr extinguishing lamps. commissioner may sell the old materials, and apply the money to the purposes of this act. Notice to be given to the of, surveyor, or clerk, V of taking up pavements. Commissioners to relay it, and be reimbursed by the persons taking it up. Commissioners may contract with the companies of waterworks, or of of sewers, for relaying such pavements. On refusal of payment by them, an action may be brought for recovery of the money. Commissioners to pay for altering of pipes. Where any of the water pipes break, notice thereof to be given to the water company to whom they belong. When completed, notice to be given to the com

297

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. C

missioner pavior. If it proves that the pipe does not belong to the company who first opens the ground, they are to be paid their charges by the company to whom it does belong. Paviors appointed by the water companies to give notice to the of surveyor or clerk, of their names and places of abode. No alteration to be made in the pavements without the content, of of The course of the gutters and channels maybe turned if necessary. Grates over sewers may be altered. Where it shall be necessary to make new grates, or to repair or alter old ones, the commissioners of sewers are to pay the expense. Sewers to be repaired and cleansed, Sec. by of of sewers; on their neglect, the same to be done by of of this act, and paid for by of of sewers. Commissioners of sewers to make rates for payment. Penalty on laying affies or other annoyances in the said streets, C five shillings for the first offence, ten Shillings for the second offence, and twenty Shillings for the third offence. Dust, ashes, Sec. not to be taken away by any but the scavenger contracted with. If the persons collecting the dust or affies cannot be apprehended, the owner of the horse or cart employed shall pay the penalty of aos. for the first offence, and 40s. for the second offence, and the horse and cart may be seized. Inhabitants to sweep the footways daily, on penalty of five Shillings. For preventing obstructions, nuisances, and incroachments. Commissioners to appoint the (lands for hackney coaches. Penalty for running, driving, or drawing any wheel. Sec. on the foot pavements, 5s. for the first offence, 10s. for the second offence, and 40s. for the third offence. Hoards or enclosures may be made for building or repairing. commissioners may order the street, Sec. to be watered. Commissioners may order porter's blocks to be erected and wells to be dug in proper places. Houses to be numbered, and name of street, C to be affixed on the corners thereof. Penalty on defacing, 40s. Spouts, signs, (tails, See. regulated. Commissioners may make allowance to proprietors of houses, C for work done by them in removing obstructions. The Upper Ground Street to be widened. Materials vested in the of Bodies politic, See. may contract for sale. On refufat to treat, value to be settled by a jury.^Juries may be impanelled. Juries may be challenged. Penalty on ffieriff, jurymen, and witnesses. May summon witnesses. Jury may assess the value; and proportionable sum to be paid to every person interested: which verdict shall be binding, and recorded in the office of the clerk of the peace. Expenses of the jury and witnesses by whom to be born. verdict not binding, unless money paid within three months. Money belonging to corporations, C to be re inverted. On payment of purchase money premises to be conveyed. prc inifes vested in the said of Persons entitled to the mesne profits may recover against the person receiving. Mortgagees to assign, on tender of principal alid three months interest, or On three months notice. Tenants to quit on notice given. In what manner houses, Sec. may be purchased. Commissioners to let; or sell any overplus ground. Houses to be purchased within seven years. Commissioners may purchase other lands, with the content of the owners, for widening said street. Rate upon the inhabitants, as. 6d. in the pound. Rate upon the proprietors for ground fronting the houses, Sec. 6d. in the pound. For apportioning of rates on corner houses. Rates to be allowed by two justices of the peace, and may be recovered by distress and sale. Persons removing, of may sue in the name of their treasurer. Empty houses to be rated at one half. Houses let in separate apartments, or ready furnished, owners deemed occupiers. Occupiers to pay rates, to be deducted out of the rents. Landlord hot to be charged for any increased relit, on account of his paying the rates. Persons paying these rates, exempt from paving and from cleansing, watching, lighting, and repairing the highways, Sec. Commissioners empowered to borrow money upon credit of the rates. For borrowing money by annuities on lives. The whole by both methods of borrowing not to exceed 3.000l. If annuitants die, any person may purchase others till mortgage money paid off. As annuitants die rates to be lowered, if of think proper. Annuities charged upon the rates. Clerk to enter all securities for money borrowed, or annuities granted. Securities may be transferred. Corporations, C liable to paving, to

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c.

[1791.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

remain so, but may compound. Against killing meat in the streets, cor suffering swine to wander there. Passage from Bull Alley, to the east end 9f lukin's iron o tindery to be shut up. Owners, See. of the Albion Mill to have power to continue their dock under the street. Optional clause with respect to paving, See. any other streets, See. in the parish of Christchurch. For appointing additional number of corntpissioners for optional streets. Separate accounts of optional streets to be kept. For apportioning of rates on corner houses in optional streets. For making an allowance to persons who have already paved. For paying the expenses of the acw For mitigating penalties. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions, if no other method of relief is appointed. For recovery and application of penalties and forfeitures. For rewarding informers. Distress not to be deemed unlawful, nor party making it a trespasser, for want of form in proceedings. Tender of amends having been made before action brought, plaintiff not to recover. For paying money into court. Proceedings against offenders not to be quashed for want of form. Limitation of actions.

CAP. LXII.

An act for widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleansing, and lighting the streets, lanes, and other public passages and places, within the king's town of Maidstone, in the county of Kent; for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein; for better supplying the said town with water; and for repairing highways within the parish of m^dftone.

of, members for the county of Kent and Maidstone, mayor, recorder, and justices, and lord of the manor of Maidstone, and inhabitants possessed of real estate of 10l. a year, or rated to the poor at 151. a year. 50l. penalty on acting if not qualified. of not to act if interested, but may at as justices although they are of Meetings of of Commissioners to defray their own expenses; and no act valid except at a meeting. Regulation of the meetings. No order to be revoked unless at a meeting, and by a greater number than made it. Commissioners may appoint officers, who are to account and to take security from treasurer and collectors. Power to appoint temporary officers upon vacancies, though not at meetings. Treasurer to pay money as ordered by of Commissioners to make a rate not exceeding is. 6d. in the pound. Houses with land not adjoining ad valorem. aheffi ments to be paid quarterly. Rates apportioned between owners and tenants. Commissioners to rate landlords for their portion of rates in certain cases. Oast occupied for the season to pay an annual assessment. No tithes on land not adjoining the streets to be rated. Gaols and other building to be rated by measure. By whom the rates on halls, gaols, C shall be payable. Agreements between landlords and tenants not to be affected. Rates apportioned between occupiers quitting and coming into any house, C Recovery of rates. Rates on houses let to diverse tenants to be paid by the landlord. Power to mitigate or remit rates where rents do not exceed 5l. Persons aggrieved may apply to the of General highway act to remain in force; but of are to execute it. Surveyors of the highways to produce their accounts to the of Corporation and others discharged from repairing certain places, on being rated at is. per yard running measure. Persons paying these rates exempted from other rates, Sec. for paving, Sec. Commissioners may borrow 7, ooool. Money may be raised by annuities; not exceeding 10l. percent. Securities for moneys lent, and annuities may be transferred. Application of the money. Accounts to be made up annually, and to be open to in fjpection. Pavements, lamps, wells, conduits, Scc. veiled in of Commissioners may order the streets, Scc. to be paved. Conduits, water pipes, Sec. vested in the of, Sec. Commissioners to fix limits or streets, and put up names, and houses may be numbered. Pavement not to be altered without content of of Commissioners may make contracts. Surveyors to insped works. Foot paths to be swept 0 dailys

399

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 63.'

[Public act.]

daily, on penalty of 5s, Scavengers to contract for cleaning the streets and their duty. No person to carry away soil, except contractors or scavengers. Inhabitants may keep or dispose of dung, Sec. Commissioners may order offensive things to be removed. Scavengers to lodge dirt in certain places. Regulations for emptying necessary houses. Penalty for annoyances, not less than 5s. nor more than 40s. Penalty on leaving carriages, Sec. in the streets, not less than 5s. nor more than 40s. of may permit carriages to Hand in the streets on market days, affixes, or fdlions. Leave to enclose before houses for building or repairing. Commissioners to remove projections. Future erections to be perpendicular. Posts, steps, See. to be removed. Signs, Sec. to be fixed on the fronts of houses. Cellar windows not to be left open. Notice to be given to occupiers before the removal of projections. Commissioners may permit occupiers to remove projections, and allow them the expenses. Owners of houses to take down spouts and gutters. Lamps to be setup. Penalty for wilfully breaking lamps, C not less than 10s. nor more than 5l. Persons accidently or negligently breaking lamps, C to make good the same. Surveyors empowered to get stone, gravel, or other materials; on paying for the same; and to employ workmen, Sec. Appointing a jury. How expense of juries shall be paid. Penalty on sheriffs, Sec. not doing their duty, iol. Persons liable to repair arches of bridges to continue to uphold them. Commissioners empowered to purchase houses, ground Sec. for widening the streets. Money payable to bodies corporate. Sec. to be inverted in purchase of other estates. Penalty on obstructing the of, or their officers, Sec. Actions to be brought in the name of the treasurer, clerk, or furvevor, or one or more of the of Commissioners may compound for penalties, and mitigate forfeitures. Appeal to the quarter sessions. The inhabitants may be witnesses. Distress not unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover after tender of amends. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form, or removable by certiorari. Optional clause to allow inhabitants of adjoining streets, Sec. to be under the provisions of this act. Accounts of optional streets to be kept separate. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. Rights of the corporation of Maidstone reserved.

CAP. LXIII.

An act for repealing an act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An a CL for paving of the city of Chichester; and for the better paving, repairing, and clean ling the streets, lanes, and public ways and portages, within the walls of the said city, and for removing and preventing incroachments, obstructions, and annoyances therein.

act 18 Eliz. C 19. repealed. Commissioners. For electing new of Qualification of of, houses, Sec. of the value of aol. a year within the city walls. Penalty on persons acting if not qualified, 50l. First meeting of of on July 1, 1791. Commissioners not toadfc where interested. Commissioners being justices, may act as fitch. Commissioners to defray their own expenses. Chairman to be appointed; who shall have the calling vote. All proceedings of of to be at meetings, Sec. No order to be revoked but by a greater number than concurred in making it. Commissioners may appoint officers, and allow them salaries. Officers to give security, and to account upon oath, and to pay the balance. How of to proceed against officers refusing to account. If balance be not paid, it may be levied by distress. On failure of distress, officer to be committed. Public ways and pavements verted in the of, who may bring actions or prefer inditflments. Old materials may be sold. Commissioners may order the streets, sec. to be paved. Expenses of paving to be born by the proprietors. Commissioners to make rates upon the owners, not exceeding 9d. in the pound in anyone year. Rates to be demanded of the owners, or upon the premises charged; and if not paid, to be levied by distress; and for want of goods to distrainj the persons refuting to pay to be committed. - Tenants

to

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 64. f 1791.'

to pay the tax, and deduct the same out of their rents Landlords to al

such deductions* Tenant paying the tax, to be allowed it on payment of his relit. Nqt to make void any contract between landlord and tenant. In case of controversy, of concerned to withdraw. The corporation and the dean and chapter discharged from paving certain parts of the city. How to be rated in lieu thereof. Omissions in rates to be supplied by of Commissioners may order tax books to be brought before them. Commissioners may borrow 5, 060l. and assign rates as a security. Securities may be transferred. Fourteen days notice to be given of borrowing. Moneys borrowed charged on the rates, C The soil, C veiled in of, who may let the same. Expenses of this act to be paid out of the first money raised. For getting materials. No person to alter the pavement without content of the of at a publick meeting. Penalty on persons wilfully damaging works, for the first: offence 40s. and every other 5l. Commissioners may contract for paving, con giving one month's notice for receiving tenders. Commissioners may setup polls and rails, and make cess pools, C Commissioners may take down, alter, and regulate polls, Heps, chut hot till after notice. Sign polls, C to be taken down. If spouts, care not properly affixed by the owner, of may do it at the owner's expense. Penalty on persons causing obstructions or nuisances in the streets, 10s. No cart, C to be left in the streets, on penalty of ios. Not to extend to rubbish occasioned by building. Cellar windows to be lighted. Necessary houses when to he emptied. No cart to be driven faster than afoot pace. Penalty on obstructing of or their workmen, for the first offence 20s. for the feeond 40s. and for every other 3l. Occupiers in that part of sub deanery parish as lies within the walls discharged of so much of their Statute duty, as two justices shall think fit. Occupiers in al the other parishes within the walls discharged from Statute duty. But lessees for a term of years to pay their landlords an increase of relit equal to their Statute duty. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Inhabitants may be witnesses. Information of offences to be given within three months. Informers may be rewarded. Money expended in any action to be defrayed out of the rate. Distress not unlawful for want of form; brft satisfaction for special damage. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form, nor removable by certiorari. No action to be brought against a person employed in collecting rates. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the county sessions held at Chichester. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. A saving of rights to the corporation. Not to extend to any other part of the Close than the houses in the South Street. Public

CAP. LXIV.

An act for repairing, paving, and cleansing the highways, streets, and lanes, within the town and borough of Deal, in the county of Kent; and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein.

Commissioners. Commissioners not obliged to elect a new one till the number is reduced to 50. Qualification of of, to be a resident inhabitant possessing 10l. a year real estate, or a beneficial lease of 20l. a year in the town of Deal, or possessed of real or personal estate of 400l. or rated to this act 10l. a year. Commissioners not to act if interdted; but may act as justices. First meeting of of on June 27, 1791. Commissioners to pay their own expenses. Powers of the act to be exercised by a majority of the of Chairman appointed, and to have the calling vote. No order to be revoked, unless by a greater number of of thap made it. Proceedings to be entered in a book, which is to be evidence. Officers to be appointed. Treasurer and other officers to give security; to account upon oath. Pavement vested in the of Impowering the of to pave and repair the streets. Materials to be provided, and persons employed for the purposes of the act Nq alteration to be made in the pavements without consent of the cora

Hliflionersp

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 6$.

missioner. Commissioners to contrast for paving, Sec. Commissioners to make rates on houses, Sec. adjoining the Streets, is. in the pound, and on all other houses, Sec. 6d. in the pound. Buildings to be rated by measure. Rates apportioned between owners and tenants. Commissioners to rate landlords in certain cases. No tithe, C to be rated. Rates apportioned between occupiers quitting and coming into any house, See. Recovery of rates by distress and sale of goods, See. Rates on houses let to diverse tenants to be paid by the landlord. Power to mitigate or remit rates where rents do not exceed i. Persons aggrieved may apply to the of Rate upon coals, is. a chaldron or tonne for coals sold, and 2s. a chaldron or tonne for coals landed out of ffiips, Sec. Rates to be collected before ffiips are permitted to depart from the parish. Power of collectors to detain vessels for payment of rates. Evading the payment of the rates to forfeit 5l. For exempting coals unladen within the limits of the parish of Walmer from the duty. General highway act to remain in force within the limits of the act. Surveyors of the highways to produce their accounts to the of For appropriating part of the highway rate towards the pavement, not exceeding 50l. a year. Carriages to be drawn as on turnpike roads. Commissioners may erect a weighing engine. Carriages may be weighed. Power to borrow 6, 000b Money may be raised by annuities; not exceeding iol. percent. Securities for moneys lent, and annuities, may be transferred. Transfers to be entered. Application of the money. When the money borrowed is paid off, the rates may be reduced. Pavements to be repaired upon complaint. Foot pavements to be swept by the inhabitants. Land to be provided for depositing materials, C Signs to be placed in the front of the houses, and encroachments to be removed. Foot paths and highways may be widened.

[Public act.]

If parties cannot agree, value to be ascertained by a jury. Jurors may be challenged. Verdict of a jury, Sec. to be final. Upon payment of purchase money, lands, Sec. to be conveyed to the of On failure of evincing a clear title, purchase money to be paid into the bank. purchase money to be lodged in the public funds, Sec. After payment of purchase money, buildings, C to be taken down. Annoyances to be removed on pain of forfeiting not less than 5s. nor more than aos. nui fances not to be permitted in the streets, Sec. Liberty to make enclosures for building or repairing houses, Sec. Penalty on obstructing the execution of the act, cs. Power to get materials. Accounts to be made up annually, and be open to inspection. Recovery of penalties by distress and sale; offenders may be committed. of may compound for penalties. For allowing the inhabitants to give evidence. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the general or quarter sessions. Distress not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Plaintiff not to recover after tender of amends Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs,

CAP. LXV.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable communication between the Loughborough Canal and the town of Leicester; and for making and maintaining a communication by railways, or stone roads, and water levels, from several places and mines to the said Loughborough Canal; and for continuing the same by passing along the said canal, to the said navigable communication, all in the county of Leicester.

Proprietors names. Proprietors declared to be one body politic and corporate, by the name of uthe Company of Proprietors of the Leicester Navigation, '7 with power to purchase lands; and to make the intended navigable and other communications. No water to be taken from grace dieu Brook, iffir preserving the water in Black Brook according to the average in common seasons. For ascertaining the average of water in Black Brook. A waste wier to be setup near Black Brook. Buildings, Sec. not to be erected on messrs.meynelts property in Quorndon without their consent: nor any building, Sec. to be erected on the grounds belonging to the Loughborough rectory without content of the patrons and reftor. Towing paths to be confined to the top of the banks, properly secured; and, m case of damage, satisfaction to be made by the company, and the banks repaired

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 65. [1791.

by them. Navigation to be kept five hundred and seventy five yards from Wanlip Hall. Recital of the act of the 16 Geo. 3. c. 65. for making the Loughborough canal navigation; and that it will be necessary to cross that canal; and to build a bridge over the present towing path, which will be cut through for making the said cut or canal, by virtue of this act. Bridge to belong to the company. None of the water which supplies the Loughborough canal to be taken. The Leicester company to guarantee to the Loughborough company 3, 000b a year. Disputes between the two companies to be settled by two arbitrators. If not settled by arbitration the commissioners to do it. To restrain the Loughborough company from taking more than is. 6d. per tonne for coal, nor Id's than lod. Restrictions from building houses, Sec. on towing paths, or other places, or cutting down timber. If the company take down mills, they may ered others on the same head of water. Surveys and levels have been taken. Map and book of refei*ence to be authenticated. Navigation, C to be made pursuant to the said plan and books of reference; unless any deviation shall be made by the of Land owners omitted in the book of reference not to obstruct the making the navigation. No deviation to be made in the line of the canal as described in the pan, through the lands of the Loughborough rectory without content of patrons and rector. Towing path over the Abbey Meadow not to be varied; nor any towing path to be made on any of the lands next to the rectory house, See. Lands may be entered to make surveys. Canal to be twenty yards wide, and towing paths three yards. For turning the road by Mr. brewin's garden. Power to take water from mines. To oblige the proprietors of fire engines to lift their water into the water levels. Owners of coal pits and lime works may make railways. No railway or road to be made within 1000 yards of Mr. mey nell's house. Bodies politic, Sec. empowered to sell. For preservation of copyhold rights. Commissioners for settling differences. For electing new of Impowering the quarter session to nominate of in case the survivors neglect, or a sufficient number cannot be found in the neighbourhood. Qualification of of: an efbate of freehold or copyhold of iool. a year, or personal estate of a, ooool. Commissioners may act as justices. First meeting of the of, the third Friday in September, 1791. Notice to be given of meetings. All the meetings to be public. On application of land oavners, or any five of the proprietors, of may meet. Meetings may be called at any time. Meetings to be held within six miles of the place where the dispute arises. of to determine what sums the company shall pay for the land and damages; or a jury may be summoned for that purpose. If any damage is done to lord rawdon's mills by the Loughborough company, the Leicester company to make satisfaction. For paying off mortgages on lands used for the navigation. Fine of aol. upon sheriffs, Sec. making default. expences of of and jury by whom to be born. Persons request ing a jury to enter into bond to prosecute before of issue their warrant for a jury. Notice of injury to be given to the company, before complaint made to the of Persons guilty of perjury may be prosecuted. Satisfaction being made or tendered, the company may enter and proceed in their works. Determinations of of, and verdicts, to be recorded by the clerk of the peace for the county of Leicester. Purchase moneys paid in trust, to be laid out to the same uses. For settling the proportions of purchase money. In default of payment thereof, the tonnage rates to become security. if costs not paid within two calendar months, the same to be levied upon the company of proprietors. Where land is severed by effecting the undertaking, company may purchase the whole, or build bridges. For punishing persons wilfully destroying any of the works, or obstructing the navigation. Mines, Sec. reserved to lords of manors. Coals, C found in digging may be taken by the proprietors of lands. Coal mines not to be worked to prejudice the navigation. Sec. but satisfaction to be made lor certain quantities left. Company of proprietors to make drains, Sec. and also fences in certain cases; and on neglect the of may cause the same to be repaired, cleansed, Sec. and charge the expense to the company. Millers to put up or down doughs for making navigation; C under penalty of 10l. for retufal. If distatisfied

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 6$.'403

with the recompense, of to determine the same. Mills to be purchased by the company on notice being given by the owners within a limited time. Millers not to draw down the water lower than six inches below the height of a full mill pond. Where cattle are deprived of watering places, others to be made. Towing paths to be fenced off from the adjoining lands. For pm chasing and fencing off towing paths through the lands of the rev. Henry Greene. Towing paths to be used as a bridleway.

Sec. by the occupiers of lands. Road near the paper mill, in the parish of Coflington. In case of failure to fence off towing paths, Sec. of to do it, and the company to pay the charge. Owners of lands im- powered to make bridges. Lords of manors or owners of estates may. erect wharves, Sec. but if not done within 12 calendar months after notice, the proprietors may build them. One penny halfpenny per tonne for the wharfage of done, brick, lime, or manure, and threepence per tonne for any other goods, and twopence per tonne for coals. For Hacking coals on the wharves by the eastern side of the basin belonging to the Loughborough canal company. Right of fishery granted to lords of manors and land owners. Land owners may ule pleasure boats. Proprietors may raise 46, 000k among themselves for making the navigation. The money raised to be divided into 460 shares at look each. Mr. Hudson to take down Wianlip Mill, on having shares of the value of 500k in lieu of the same.

Proprietors to receive 5k per centum till the navigation is finished. sub feribers to have a vote for every share, by themselves or proxy; not exceeding ten shares for each. Proprietors may raise an additional sum of 20, ooool. if necessary, by admission of new subscribers; borrowing money upon the tolls. Annuities or securities to be entered in a book and may be transferred. Interest of money borrowed, or annuities granted, to be paid in preference to the dividends, or may be sued for at law. Grantees or assignees not to vote at any meeting on account of having lent such money. General assembly for choosing a committee. No member of the committee to have more than one vote, except the chairman. Committee to be under the control of general assemblies. How the books of account are to be kept. General assemblies to consist of fifty shares. Power of general assembly and committees. Expenses of committee meeting. sub feribers to have notice before they forfeit their shares. General assemblies may make bye laws. When subscribers die before the shares are com pleated, executors, Sec. may complete the payment; or in case of refufax or want of assets proprietors may appoint others. How shares may be disposed of No share to be sold after a call made until such call be answered. Shares may be sold and transferred. Clerk to be appointed for the company of proprietors. Upon the death of any clerk another to be appointed. Proceedings of the of to be entered in a book. Clerk of the of to be appointed. No business to be done at a committee unless five persons present. Clerk to be entrusted with money to pay petty expenses, and account to committee. Treasurers to pass their accounts. Rates of tonnage. Exemption from tolls. Power to vary the tolls.

The tolls to be taken on goods passing to the Melton navigation not to exceed the half of the tonnage from Loughborough to Leicester. Matters of boats to give an account in writing of goods, See. on board. In case of difference about weight, vessels to be detained and goods weighed. For ascertaining the tonnage of lime. Navigation to be free on payment of the rates. That no part of the navigation shall be opened until the whole is finished. Directing the company to make compensation to the owners of a weighing machine. For making compensation to the trustees of the Ashby turnpike road. For making compensation to the creditors of the mark field road. Swivel and draw bridges to be lhut and fattened after vessels shall have patted through them, on penalty of 5k For repairing damage from floods, C and preventing further damage. For ascertaining a tonne weight. Tolls to be free from taxes. To prevent lock keepers, Sec. giving any preference. Vessels under 20 tonnes not to pass the locks but on certain conditions. Matters to put their names on the outside of their boats.

Boats to be measured. Matters or owners of boats to be answerable for damages. Matters to recover back from their servants sums paid for their defaults. Places for boats to pass each other. Regulations for vessels pass

I? d 7, ing

404

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 66. [1791.

ing the locks. Penalty on persons opening locks, walling waters, C not less than 20s. nor more than 5l. Vessels obftnnfling the navigation to be removed. vessels sunk to be weighed up. Persons floating timber, or overloading vessels, to forfeit 5l. or throwing rubbish into the navigation. Navigation not to be under the commissioners of sewers. For measuring the navigation, and setting up mile stones. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Lands not used inten years to be reconveyed. Recovery of fines and forfeitures. Application of moneys. Distress not unlawful for want of form. Damages not provided for to be settled by of Appeal to the quarter sessions. Majority of the of or committee to be binding as the al of the whole. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. Public at.

CAP. LXVI.

An act to enable the earl of Egremont to make and maintain the river ro there navigable, from the town of Midhurst, to a certain meadow called the Railed Pieces, or Stopham Meadow, in the parish of Stopham, and a navigable cut, from the said river to the river Arun, at or near Stopham bridge, in the county of Sussex; and for other purposes.

The earl of Egremont empowered to make the river Rother navigable, from a meadow, called the Lower Platt, near Midhurst, through the parishes of Woollavington and Eafebourn, in Sussex, and through the tything of Ambersham, in the parish of Steep, in the county of Southampton, and also through the several parishes of Selham, Lodsworth, Tillington, Burton, Dumfton, Petworth, Sutton, Coates, Egdean, Fittleworth, Bury, Coldwaltham, and Stopham, in Sussex, to a meadow, called the Railed Pieces, or' Stopham Meadow, in the parish of Stopham; and to make a navigable communication between the same river and the Arun; and another navigable cut from the river Rother to Hallingbourn Bridge; and to build bridges, and to make towing paths, C Digging gravel and materials. Satisfaction to be made for damages. This navigation not to go through any garden, park, lawn, C belonging to any mansion house, except cottages of 61. yearly value, and except the grounds of the lord viscount Montague, situate on the banks of the said river Rother. Powers to survey and take levels, and to set out the works. Enabling owners to sell lands, C Commissioners appointed to settle differences. If any of the parties are dissatisfied with the determination of the of, the value or damages to be ascertained by a jury. Whose determination ill all be final. Thirty days previous notice to be given to occupiers. 20l. penalty on the ffieriff or coroner for making default; and on the jury; and on witnessies. Judgements, &c. tobekept by the clerk of the peace. By whom the expense of the jury shall be paid. Party requesting the jury to give security. No complaint to be taken notice of, till application be made ta the earl of Egremont. Upon payment, or tender, of the money, the said earl may take possession. Commissioners to settle the proportions of purchase money. Purchase moneys due to corporations to be laid out to the same uses as estates purchased, if the same exceeds 20l. In default of payment, how the moneys are to be recovered. Annual rents, how recoverable. Power to get materials, C in case of sudden damage. Tolls for every tonne of manure, one penny a mile, and every tonne of timber, coals, corn, and all other goods, threepence a mile. Recovery of tolls. 26 feet of round, or 40 feet of square oak, ash, or dm, or 50 feet of sir or, deal, to be deemed a tonne. Masters of vessels to give an account of their lading. Vessels to be weighed in case of any difference respecting the rates. Navigation and the roads gnd wharves open to all persons on paying the rates. Lords of manors and owners of land not to be restrained from erecting wharves, quays, &c. within their manors or lands, or from landing goods thereat. If such lord or owners shall not on notice, erect such warehouses, &c. the lame may be done by the earl of Egremont. For ascertaining wharfage. Goods not to be landed, &c. except upon the wharves, &c. Names of the in after to be painted on the vessels. Vessels may be weighed at any time, at the expense of the earl of Egremont. Graduated figures

to

5 7910 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 6j, 405

to be painted on the vessels, denoting their weight. Penalty for neglect, not exceeding 5l. nor less than 40s. Owners of vessels accountable for damage done by their bargemen. The earl of Egremont to make spaces for vessels to turn or pass each other. Penalty not exceeding 5l. nor less than 40s. on bargemen suffering the water to remain in any lock longer than is necessary, and not properly opening and shutting the gates of the lock, C

Penalty not exceeding 10s. nor less than 5s. on persons wilfully placing their vessels so as to obstrutft the said navigation. For punishing persons destroying the works. Penalty not exceeding 5l. nor less than 40s. on persons obstrutsting, and on persons wilfully injuring the works. No bargemen to take or destroy fish or game. Saving the rights of lords of manors and owners of lands. Earl of Egremont required to make tunnels, drains.

See. to prevent obstruction of water courses; and to keep the same in repair. For preserving watering places for cattle. The earl of Egremont to erect bridges, and keep them in repair at his own expense. For electing new of Qualification of of, real estate of 50l. a year, or personal estate i, ooool. Commissioners may act as justices. Meeting of of to be held at Fetworth, and ten days notice thereof to be given. Commissioners empowered to make byelaws, Sec. Commissioners may summon meetings upon application. The earl of Egremont to appoint a clerk to attend the of Duties exempted from taxes. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied.

Persons giving false evidence may be convicted of perjury. Distress not to be deemed unlawful for want of form. Appeal to the quarter sessions.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Limitation of actions.

CAP. LXVII.

An act to enable the company of proprietors of the Thames and Severn canal navigation, to borrow a further lum of money to complete the said navigation.

[Public act.]

Company empowered to borrow the further sum of 6o, ooool. and assign the navigation as a security. Assignments to be entered in a book, and may be transferred. Transfers to be entered by the clerk. The interest of the money borrowed to be first paid. Expenses of the act to be defrayed out of the money first raised by this act.

CAP. LXVIII.

- An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Manchester to or near presto lee bridge, in the township of Little Lever; and from thence by one branch to or near the town of Bolton, and by another branch to or near the town of Bury, and to Weddell Brook, in the parish of Bury, all in the county palatine of Lancaster.

1

The right honourable the earl of Derby, and several other persons incorporated by the name of "The Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to Bolton, and to Bury, " to make a navigable canal from the old quay in Manchester, through the parishes of Manchester, Eccles, and Prestwich, and into a certain meadow belonging to Messieurs Edward and Christopher Whitehead, in the parish of Bolton, and near presto lee bridge, and from thence by Church Bridge, in the town of Bolton, and through the parishes of Bolton, radclisse, and Bury, to Bury Bridge, in the town of Bury, and from thence to Weddell Brook, in the parish of Bury, all in the county of Lancaster. Two plans and books of reference shall be signed by the speaker of the house of commons.

Canal to be made pursuant to the plan and book of reference. Errors in describing the line not to prevent making the canal. For preserving lord Grey de wilton's tunnel. For enabling lord Grey de Wilton to make the tunnel, if the company neglect or refute to do it. Not to take water from the rivers Irwell and Lever. Restricftions relative to taking water from Brooks Mouth Brook, Sec. Not to erect wharves, Sec. on the bleaching grounds of Messieurs Baker and company, Describing the line of the canal

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 68. [1791.

through the Raikes Croft, in the parish of Darcey Lever. Describing the line of the canal through the Haulgh Croft, in the parish of Bolton. For making certain private roads into the Haulgh Croft. Describing the line of the canal by the carding engine at Haulgh Hall. For enabling the company to erecfl a carding engine in lieu of that which is to be taken at Dove Bank. Houses, gardens, C not to be injured. Canal and towing path to be 26 yards in breadth. No building to be erected on the towing paths, except for the navigation. Bodies politic, Sec. empowered to sell. Commissioners for settling differences. Election of new of im powering the quarter sessions to nominate of, in case the fur vivprs neglect, or a sufficient number cannot be found in the neighbourhood. Commissioners may act as justices. Commissioners not to be interested in the canal, but must reticle in the county of Lancaster, and be possessed of aool. a year, real estate, or 5, 000k personal estate. Notice to be given of meeting of of On application of five proprietors or land owners, of to meet. Power to hold occasional meetings. Meetings shall be held at Manchester, Bolton, or Bury, or within one mile of the canal. Commissioners to settle differences. Jury to be summoned in certain cases. Expenses of of and jury. Persona requeuing a jury to enter into bond to prosecute before of issue their warrant for a jury. Notice of injury to be given to the company, before complaint made to the of Persons guilty of perjury may be prosecuted. Verdicts to be recorded, and, satisfaction being made or tendered, the lands vested in company. Application of the purchase money belonging to corporations, Sec. Commissioners to settle the proportion of money to be allowed to tenants. Recovery of annual rents. Mines, Sec. reserved to lords of manors, or to other proprietors. Coal mines. Sec. not to be worked to prejudice the navigation. Company's agents to be at liberty to enter lands or mines to view the works. Company to make drains, Sec. Works damaged by the floods, to be repaired by the com

n. Proprietors to raise 47, 700l. amongfc themselves. The money to vided into shares of rool. each. Proprietors to receive 5l. percent, till canal finished. Subscribers to have a vote for every ffiare. Proprietors may raise an additional 2o, ooool. if necessary. Power to raise money by mortgage. Mortgages may be transferred. Interest of money borrowed to be paid in preference to dividends. Assignees not to vote on account of having lent money. General annual afftmblies to be held, and committees appointed. Committee to be appointed. Eleven proprietors hold special assemblies. Each member of committee to have but one vote, except the chairman. Committee to be under control of general assemblies. Books of accounts to be kept. General and special assemblies to consist of persons having 250 shares. Powers of general assemblies. Subscribers to have notice before their shares are forfeited. Company may remove members of the committee, Sec. and make bye laws. Subscribers dyingbtfore shares completed, executors, Sec. may complete the same. In case of refusal, or want of assets, proprietors may appoint others. Shares may be disposed of No share to be sold after call made, until the money is paid. Dire ding what shall he done on alienation of shares by marriage or death. Officers to the company to be appointed. Proceedings of the commissioners to be entered. Rates of tonnage, lime, bricks, coals, C twopence a mile per tonne; timber and other goods, threepence a mile per tonne. Rates of tonnage as to lime, and lime stone, when the water flows over the leek weirs, one halfpenny a mile per tonne. Tonnage on coal, Sec. not passing a lock, one penny halfpenny a mile per tonne. Canal to be measured, and Rones setup. Recovery of rates. Exemption from rates. Power for the proprietors of the Irwell to convey stone on the canal for certain purposes duty free. Company of proprietors to lock into the Irwell, and to pay no duty between Hunt's Bank and Throftle Nest. Rates of tonnage to be paid by the company of proprietors, below the first lock on the river Irwell. Payment for wharfage. Power to alter the rates. Rates to be free from taxes. Masters of boats to give an account in writing of particulars of lading. Forty cubic feet of oak, ash, elm, or beech, or fifty feet of sir or deal, to be deemed a tonne weight, and six score pounds weight aypirdupoise, to be deemed a hundred weight. If any difference concerning

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 69.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

ing the weight, collectors may weigh or measure boats, C Navigation to be free on payment of rates. vessels under eight or twelve tonnes, not to pass locks without content of proprietors. To prevent lock keepers, Sec. giving any preference. Masters to put their names on outside of their boats. Weight of the lading of vessels to be marked; and vessels to be gauged. Matters or owners of boats answerable for damages. Masters to recover back from their servants any sums paid for their neglects or defaults. For fencing off towing paths, and making bridges, Sec. The company liable to be indicted at common-law for not making stone or brick bridges over the canal. The company liable to be indicted at common-law for not repairing bridges, Sec. and to pay costs. Justices at sessions, in certain cases, to determine what bridge shall be made. In case company do not fence off the towing paths, and make bridges, land owners may do it at the company's expense. If bridges, Sec. made by the company are inefficient, land owners may make others. Proprietors of mines may make cuts to communicate with the canal. Lords of manors and land owners may erect warehouses, Sec. on their lands. If not done within a limited time, company may build. Rate of tonnage on private wharves. Company of proprietors or other persons not to use exclusively private wharves. Company of proprietors or committee to regulate the navigation. Boats sunk to be weighed up. Penalty on persons overloading and obstructing the navigations; and on opening locks, Sec. Punishing persons wilfully destroying works. Canal not to be under the power of of of sewers. Proprietors to be taxed for lands, Sec. in same proportion as adjoining lands, Sec. Rights of lords of manors and land owners to fisheryre ierved. Penalty on unqualified persons on board having nets. Power for land owners to use pleasure boats. To compel payment of subscriptions. Recovery of forfeitures. Persons aggrieved by irregularity in distress to recover special damage. Damages not provided for to be settled by of Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Appeal. Limitation of actions.

CAP. LXIX.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Kington, in the county of Hereford, by or through Leominster, to join the river Severn, near Stourport Bridge, in the county of Worcester.

Certain persons incorporated by the name of ct The Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal Navigation, " to make a navigable canal from the town of Kington, by the town of Leominster, in Herefordshire, to join the river Severn, at Stourport Bridge, in Worcestershire. Power to make inclined planes. Mr. Harley not to be restrained from taking water from Stockton Brook forty-eight hours a week. Certain proportions only of the water in Stockton and Dumbleton brooks to be taken. No injury to be done to Mr. nott's spring. The canal across the road to Mr. Cleveland's to be arched over. Where carriage roads are injured, others to be made. No honfe, Sec. to be injured. Power to take down certain houses. The canal and towing paths not to exceed 26 yards in breadth. Corporations, C empowered to sell land for the purposes of the act. Company not entitled to any mine discovered in making the canal. All persons seized of freehold or copyhold estates of iool. per ann. in the counties of Hereford, Salop, and Worcester, maybe of for settling disputes. Expenses of jury. Notice of injury to proprietors before complaint. Verdicts, C to be recorded. Application of the purchase money belonging to corporations, Sec. Commissioners to settle proportions to the several persons interested. Annual rents charged upon the rates. Proprietors may raise 150, 000k to carry on the work. Money to be divided into 1, 500 ffiares, and to be deemed personal estate. If that sum is not sufficient, 40, 000k more may be raised by calls upon themselves; or by mortgage. Assignments may be transferred. Subscribers to have a vote for every share. At the expiration of six years, no person to vote for more than 20 shares. General assemblies for choosing committees. Committees subject to control of general assembly. Persons disqualified from serving on

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 70. [1791.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

committees. Accounts to be kept by committees. General assemblies to con list of 300 shares. Other p vvvers of general assemblies. Proprietors not answering calls, subject to a penalty, or forfeiture of their shares. Shares not forfeited without personal notice. Company may remove members of the committee; and make bye laws. On the death of proprietors before shares completed, executors may do it. Shares may be disposed of After a call, no share to be sold till the money paid. Company may appoint officers. Proceedings of the of to be entered. Rates may be collected. Regulations relative to payment of toll. Half rates for fleck coals. Boats with less than 12, tonnes of lading to be charged as having 12 tonnes, except in certain cases. Recovery of rates. Payment for wharfage for certain articles. Proprietors may alter rates. Master of boats to give account of particulars of lading. In case of difference concerning weight, collectors may weigh vessels. Weight of the lading of vessels to be marked. Boats to be gauged. Masters accountable for damage done by the crew. Navigation to be free upon payment of tolls. For fencing off towing path, and making bridges, See. In case company do not fence off the towing paths, and make bridges, See. land owners may do it at the company's expense. If bridges, Sec. made by the company, are insufficient, land owners may make others. Coals, See. found in digging the canal, to be laid on the lands, and may be taken by the owners. Method of working mines under the canal. Method of discovering when mines are working contrary to directions of the act. Owners of mines under the canal, desirous of working the same, to apply to the company. Power to make railways. Cuts may be made to communicate with the canal 'and collateral cuts; but not without consent of owners of lands. Lords of manors and land owners may erect warehouses, con their lands; but if they neglect to give such notice, company may make use of such lands. Regulations as to private wharves. Committee to regulate the navigation. 5]. penalty on persons overloading and obstrndting the navigation. 5l. penalty on opening locks, C Persons wilfully destroying works, may be convicted of felony. Canal not to be under the power of of of sewers. Proprietors to be taxed for lands, Sec. in same proportion as adjoining lands, C Rights of lords of manors and land owners to fishery reserved. 5l. penalty on unqualified persons on board having nets. Owners and occupiers of lands may use pleasure and husbandry boats free of the rates. Commissioners to take an oath. Commissioners may act as justices. No of to act where interested, or holding place of profit. Notice of of meeting. General meeting of of Special meeting of the of No meeting to determine disputes, chut within five miles of the canal. To compel payment of subscriptions. Subscriptions to be first applied in making the canal from the Severn to Milton Cross, and the residue in continuing it towards Kington. Upon a further sum being subscribed the canal to be made to Kington. Recovery of forfeitures. Appeal. Limitation of actions.

CAP. LXX.

An act for lighting, cleansing, and watching, the streets, lanes, and other public s and places, with the township of Stourbridge, in the parish of Old Swinford, in the county of Worcester, and for removing and preventing obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein.

Commissioners qualification, persons possessed of 10l. a year, or inhabitants in Stourbridge renting a house of iol. a year, and entitled to lands, Sec. of forty pounds a year, or possessed of personal estate of 800l. Commissioners not to hold any office under this act, but to be sworn. First meeting of the of to be on June 2, 1791, when this act is to commence. Notice to be given of meetings. No act to be done unless at a meeting. Restrictions as to revoking orders. Proceedings of the of to be entered in a book. Commissioners may hire a room for an office and storehouse. Officers to be appointed. For appointing a president at of meetings. Power to place lamps. Directing the cleansing of the streets. Commissioners may contract for lamps and

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 71.

[Public act.]

cleansing. Lamps and other materials vested in the of Penalties for damaging lamps, for the first offence 20s. for the second offence 40s. and for the third offence 5l. Contracts to be binding. For establishing a watch. Copies of regulations to be delivered tonight constables. Penalty on watchmen neglecting their duty, 5s. Penalty on night constables neglecting their duty, 20s. Expenses of watch shall be paid out of the money raised by this at. No broken glass, or other rubbish, to be laid in the streets, on penalty of 5s. For preventing incroachments and projections. Spouts and gutters regulated. For regulating signs, See. For preventing annoyances by wagons or other things continuing in the streets. If wagons or other obstructions be not seized as aforesaid, the owner nevertheless to forfeit. No penalty for rubbish in case of building, C Penalty on persons baiting bulls, Sec. 5l. and making bonfires, 5s. Swine or cattle not to be suffered to wander in the streets. Mastiff dogs not to be suffered to go at large in the streets, unless muzzled, on penalty of 5s. Commissioners to fix on a spot for showing stallions. Penalty n butchers and persons killing beasts, See. in the streets. To prevent obstructions on the foot paths. Stalls, Sec. in the market place to be removed every evening. Commissioners may direct prosecutions. For appointing assessors. Rates not to exceed is. in the pound. Persons left out of poor's rate, on account of poverty, not to be rated by this act: Premises held in different parts of the township shall, for the purposes of this act, be rated together. Rates may be amended. Assessors to appear and justify their rates. Collectors to be appointed. How rates are to be recovered. Exceptions to being rated. Expenses of this act to be paid out of the rates. Rates to be apportioned on occupiers quitting or coming in Treasurer to pay the money to of orders. Treassurers and collectors to account to of Treasurer and collectors to give security. Persons not liable to serve the office of collector oftener than once inten years. Accounts to be made up annually, and be free for inspection. Appeal against the rates, or otherwise, to quarter sessions. Actions to be brought in the name of the treasurer or clerk. Recovery and application of penalties. Inhabitants may give evidence. Distress not deemed unlawful for want of form; nor parties distraining deemed trespassers ab initio. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. Not to prejudice the rights of the lord of the manor of Oldfwinford.

An act for taking down and rebuilding the parish church of All Saints, within the town and county of the town of Southampton; and for purchasing land for the purpose of a church yard for the use of the said parish.

Trustees names. Moneys to be raised, veiled in trustees. If trustees die, or refute or become disabled to ad, new trustees to be appointed. Qualification ot trustees, persons rated 20l. a year to the poor's rates, or renting 40l. a year. Trustees not to act while holding employment or contracts. First meeting of trustees to be on June 1, 1791. Trustees to appoint a treasurer and other officers. All acts done by five to be valid. Trustees to choose a president, who is to have a calling vote. All proceedings to be entered in a book. Trustees empowered to take down the church and buildings, and to ered a new churph. Trustees empowered to dispose of the parish estates towards the purposes of this act. Trustees may dispose of the remainder of the ground. Trustees are empowered to purchase ground for a new burial ground, not exceeding two acres. Banns of marriage to be published and marriages solemnised in the adjoining church. Vestry room to be provided while church is rebuilding. Banns of marriage published, and marriages solemnised in St. michael's church since Jan. i, 1790, deemed legal. Trustees empowered to remove the conduit from the church wall. Monuments to be removed. Plans and tenders. Allotment of pews. Pews to be numbered. No parishioner entitled to a separate pew, unless he occupies a house of 161. a year. Pews not to be altered. No burials to be allowed within the walls of the church.

CAP. LXXI.

4 io

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 72. [1791.

[Publick act.]

Catacombs or vaults not to be erected without consent of the vestry. Trustees empowered to borrow five thousand pounds. Enabled to purchase a burial ground, and borrow a further sum of money for that purpose. Churchwardens and collectors to account. Trustees to make a rate not exceeding one dulling in the pound, to commence at Midsummer, 1791. Power to make additional rates. Tenants to pay the whole rates. Not to affect agreements. Rates where houses are let to several families to be paid by the landlord. Recovery of rates. Power to sue for rates. persons not chargeable for empty houses. Authorising trustees to discharge the debt. When rates to cease. Trustees to settle with Mr. Silley for his gallery in the old church. Incapacitated persons empowered to sell. If persons refuse to treat, or disagree about the purchase, a jury to be summoned. Juries may be challenged. Witnesses to be examined on oath. Verdict of jury shall be final. Fines on sheriffs, jurymen, cor witnesses neglecting their duty. See for swearing witnesses, one hilling. By whom the expenses of a jury are to be paid. On payment of money awarded, conveyances to be made of the premises. If a good title cannot be made out, the money to be paid into the Bank of England, for the use of the persons interested. Tenants on the premises to quit on notice. In case of refusal, trustees to issue a precept to the sheriff, requiring them to give possession. Penalty on sherifffor neglect of duty, 20l. Expenses of the atto be first paid. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Proceedings not to be removed. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. Rector exempted from expenses imposed by the act.

CAP. LXXII.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor, within the hundreds of Loes and Wilford, in the county of Suffolk.

Ad 5 Geo. 3. c. 97. repealed. Owners of lands, Sec. of 30l. a year, justices of the peace, within the hundreds of Loes and Wilford, all redors, vicars, C and persons occupying 60l. a year, are incorporated by the name of "Guardians of the Poor within the Hundreds of Loes and Wilford in the County of Suffolk." Women may ad by proxy. House, See. vested in the guardians. Directors appointed. On death of directors new ones to be chosen. Qualification of directors. Acting guardians to be chosen at the first meeting. Directors and acting guardians to hold quarterly meetings. Division of the directors and acting guardians into quarterly and other committees. Quarterly or weekly meetings may be altered. Committees may be appointed for every month. Penalty on directors, aos. and guardians, 10s. for non attendance. For appointing officers. Choice of treasurer and clerk. Security to be taken from the treasurer. Officers to account. Present house may be enlarged, and other buildings erected. Lands, Sec. to be free from parochial rates, and subject to no higher public taxes than were charged at the time of passing the act. Punishment of persons damaging the buildings, Sec. Materials to be supplied for employing the poor. Children may he apprenticed. No child to continue an apprentice after the age of 18 years. Not to be assigned without consent of directors, and two justices. Children already bound to continue the remainder of their apprenticeships. Justices may grant redress to children misused. Poor may be hired out to harvest or other work. Justices to settle differences. Directors, Sec. may contract for the employment of the poor. Application of the produce of the labour of the poor. Rewards to be given to the industrious poor. Poor persons may be dismissed to their parents or their friends. Poor persons capable of maintaining themselves to be discharged. Illegitimate children not to gain a settlement by being born in the house, nor by being apprentices to the governor. For employing poor persons willing to work. Idle and disorderly persons may be prosecuted and punished. Directors and acting guardians may apprehend idle persons. Former bye laws to continue in force, and new ones may be made. Assessments to be made and allowed by two justices, or at the quarter sessions. Amount of the assessments

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 73. 4: 1

limited. Parish officers not restrained from making rates for other purposes. Rates to be a security for the money borrowed. Directors empower ed to borrow 14, 000k Rates may be assigned over and mortgaged. Securities may be transferred. Application of the money to be raised. Directing how the money borrowed on securities shall be discharged. Churchwardens and overseers, and other parish officers, to assist the directors, Sec, in the execution of this act, Directors and actingguardians may grant certificates with the persons removing. Penalty on overseers, Sec, suffering persons to reside without certificates, or not informing directors of single women. Bonds of indemnity against bastards to be delivered to the directors and acting guardians, and in future made to them. Justices may direct relief to be given to paupers. A governor, matron, surgeon, clergyman, and schoolmaster, to be appointed; and also special constables within said hundreds. Punishment of governor and other officers for misbehaviour. Punishment of the poor misbehaving or guilty of vice or immorality. Punishment for disposing of their apparel. Punishment of persons receiving stolen goods and clothes; and on conveying spirituous liquors into the house. Justices may proceed on the complaint of directors and acting guardians. Directors and guardians may act as justices. Accounts to be settled and allowed. directing what shall constitute a meeting of directors and acting guardians. Chairman to have the casting vote. Guardians to pay their own expenses. Penalty for neglect of holding quarterly meetings. General meetings of the guardians may be held for appointing new directors and actingguardians. Application of penalties given by any acts of parliament for the benefit of the poor. Recovery of penalties and forfeitures. Appeal allowed. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. That the towns and parishes of Woodbridge and Framlingham shall not be included in this act. Commencement of the act, and declaring it to be public.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act for repairing the parish church of Saffron Walden, in the county of Essex.

Trustees. Power to appoint new trustees on death, refusal to act, or removal. No trustee to act, being interested in any contract, Sec, First meeting to be within one month after the 24th of June, 1791. To. appoint a treasurer and other officers. Trustees to hold quarterly meetings.

Power for trustees to call other meetings. Power for trustees to order repairs, make contracts, C No acts valid, unless done at a public meeting. Chairman to have the casting voice. Power to raise the sum of 4, ooool. by bonds, for iool. each, and to be assignable. Bond holders to have no preference, but to be creditors in an equal degree. All moneys borrowed to be paid into the treasurer's hand.'. The moneys borrowed to be a charge on the rates. Churchwardens to make rates, not exceeding one hilling in the pound, by order of the trustees; and to collect all moneys due thereon. Power to distrain, on the nonpayment of rates. Power for trustees to act, being justices. Payment of rates not to gain a settle ment. Churchwardens to account. The moneys raised and received vested in the trustees for the purposes of this act, to be applied in defraying the charges of this act, and carrying the same into execution. Treasurer to account. Surplus moneys to be inverted in the funds. Power to pay off bonds by lot. Trustees may sue and be sued in the name of their treasurer. Trustees may provide a place wherein to solemnise the marriage ceremony. Power to remove grave stones and monuments. For allotment of pews. No persons to be buried in the church, unless the graves are built with brick, and arched over. Trustees empowered to sell old materials. Inhabitants to be witnesses. Proceedings of trustees to be entered in a book, and to be evidence, Sec, Indemnity to trustees. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. General appeal. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. Public act

4x2 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. 74, 75. [1791.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act for building a new church' in the town of Wakefield, in the west riding of the county of York, and for providing a proper burial ground, and making provision for a minister to officiate in the said church.

[Public act.]

Commissioners. Commissioners to build the church, and a house for the minister's residence. Church, when consecrated, to be a perpetual cure. Not to extend to making a new parish. Pews and seats to be sold or let. A yearly relit may be reserved on pews sold. Relit being unpaid, demise or sale to be void, and pews to be let or sold again. No new sale until three months after notice. Pews to be valued, and relit fixed, where payable, before any sale. Nomination of Mr. Munkhouse to be first minister. The perpetual right of nomination, after the first, to be in the vicar of Wakefield. The new church to be a separate cure. Lecturer may be appointed. minister's duty. Minister absenting himself, cure to be void. Curacy being void for six months, to lapse. Commissioners to procure the church to be served during vacancies. Christenings, C to be registered. Rights of the vicar saved. Double fees for marriages, See. and one half paid to the vicar. Churchwardens to be elected. Commissioners im powered to purchase an organ, a clock, and a set of bells. No burying places within the walls of the church; except in the vaults. Repairs of the church. No undue preference to be taken by the of with respectto the pews. Power to make contracts with workmen, Sec. Notice to be given of making contracts. Power of bringing actions for any breach of contract. Commissioners having any interest in the contracts, See. to be disabled from acting. The of empowered to purchase or take the gift of any lands or hereditaments for the purposes of this act. Bodies politic, See. enabled to agree, See. Fines, Sec. secured to the lord of the manor. Power to borrow five thousand pounds, and to assign the pews, Sec. as a security. Copies of securities to be entered in books. Assignments to be entered in books. Application of the money. Messrs. Maude and Lee to pay 1000l. to the of as soon as the church is finished, to purchase freehold lands and pay the rents to the minister for the time being. Power for the of, with the content of the minister, to make leases for 21 years. Commissioners may appoint officers, Sec. Meetings of the of Notice to be given of all meetings. The of receipts and payments to be entered in books. Appointment of new of Limitation of actions General ifisue,

CAP. LXXV.

An act for enlarging the powers of an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for rebuilding the parish church of Saint Chad, in the town of Shrewsbury, and county of Salop; and for providing a new cemetery or burial ground, and making convenient avenues and passages to the said church and cemetery; and for raffing a further sum of money for fully effecting the general purposes in the said act mentioned.

29 Geo. 3. c. 31. recited. Trustees. Churchwardens may act as trustees. The present act to be carried into execution in the same manner as the former. Additional rate of fourpence halfpenny in the pound, directed to be applied for the purposes of the former act. Trustees authorised to make an assessment on houses, Sec. not rated to the relief of the poor. Rates how to be collected, and vested in the trustees. When any rate made, the same to continue until a new one made. Payment of rates not to entitle any person to a settlement who is not otherwise intituled, Trustees may include the different rates in one assessment. Penalties, cof the former act, with respect to the recovery of rates, Sec. to extend to the present act. Power to borrow a further sum of six thousand pounds, and to mortgage the pews and rates. No preference to be given to the creditors. Enabling the trustees to sell lb much of the lands by them purchased

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. j6.

[Public act.]

as they shall find to be unnecessary for the purposes of the ad: Deficiency of the funds appropriated for the use of the church, Sec. how to be supplied. Churchwardens, after the expiration of the interest of the trustees, to pay the relit reserved on the lease from the corporation of Shrewsbury. Trustees may discharge the expenses occasioned by the inhabitants frequenting other churches in Shrewsbury. Trustees not discharged from the repairs, cof Bidon chapel. Inhabitants may be witnesses. Expenses of the ad how to be paid.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for improving the navigation of the river Ouse, between Newhaven bridge and Lewes bridge, in the county of Sussex; for the better draining of the lowlands, lying in Lewes and Laughton Levels, in the said county.

Trustees appointed. Trustees may employ or contract with persons to widen the river, Sec. Trustees may appoint collectors of the tolls. For every tonne of gravel, See. for roads, threepence. For every tonne of dung or manure, Sec. twopence. And for every tonne of all other goods, fourpence. The lands divided into districts. Taxes to be raised by the commissioners of sewers. Owners and occupiers of lands, howto be assessfed. Restrictions on reducing the tolls, and the rates on lands. Tolls not to be be reduced so long as the debt exceeds 6, ooool. Trustees may vary the tolls upon gravel, Sec. and exempt any quantity of goods less than a tonne from tolls. That in case the fund Should prove deficient, a further rate shall be laid on the land. That no tax shall be laid on the lands below Newhaven bridge. If no commission of sewers, trustees to tax the lands. Tolls and assessments exempted from taxes. If trustees tax the lands, power to compel the payment. To prevent impositions in charging the tolls. Application of the money arising by the ad. No tolls to be taken between Lewes bridge and Soutnerham corner; or between Newhaven bridge and Lock Hole. Trustees first meeting to be on 7th of June, 1791. Trustees to defray their own expenses. Trustees may appoint collectors, and a treasurer; who are to give security. Treasurer, collectors, and other officers, to keep accounts, Trustees may summon treasurer, collectors, and other officers to account. Officers refuting to account, their goods may be distrained. For want of distress may be committed. Trustees may make bye laws. Bye laws, C to be entered in a book. Trustees may appoint a committee. Trustees may sue or be sued in the name of their clerk or treasurer. Subscription money to be paid. Trustees may be elected. Trustees may borrow money on security of the tolls and taxes. Securities may be transferred. In case of nonpayment of principal and interest, mortgagees may receive the tolls and taxes. Trustees may let the tolls under certain restrictions. Trustees to ered a bridge at Southeafe. Trustees may purchase any right of ferry or passage over the river. Trustees to maintain banks. Trustees may put down, remove, or lengthen sluices. Sluices to be kept in repair by the land owners, C Trustees may purchase lands. Incapacitated persons empowered to treat. Trustees may adjust the proportions of damages to the tenants, Sec. Upon refusal to treat, sheriff or coroner to summon a jury. If a sufficient number of jurors do not appear, sheriff or coroner to return tales. Justices to summon witnesses, and order the jury to view. Jury to assess damages. Verdict and judgement to be conclusive. Penalty of 20l. on not returning a jury, and on jurors or witnesses not attending, 40s. Trustees to pay costs, if jury give larger damages than offered; otherwise owners of lands to pay the same. Satisfaction being made or tendered, trustees may proceed on the works. The purchase money for settled estates, above twenty pounds, to be laid out for the same uses; until such purchase to be placed in the funds. Satisfaction for future damages. Where new cuts are made, the trustees may sell the old river. Powers of of of sewers reserved. Manerial rights reserved. Masters of vessels to give an account of their loading. Penalty on refusal, ios, a tonne. Penalty on giving false accounts, 20s. a tonne. Freight to be weighed or measured, in case of any

4j4 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 77. [1791.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

difference respecting the same. Names of the masters to be painted on vessels; and numbers of vessels. Vessels may be measured at the expense of the trustees. Indexes with graduated figures to be fixed on the vessels, denoting their tonnage. Penalty on neglect, not less than 40s. nor more than 5l. Penalty on persons wilfully placing vessels so as to obstruct the navigation, 5s. an hour. Vessels sunk may be weighed by the trustees, at the expense of the owners. Penalty on persons wilfully injuring banks, sluices, or other works; or throwing rubbish into the river, not less than 40s. nor more than 5l. Penalty on persons damaging corn, grass, in towing, not less than 40s. nor more than 5l. Penalty on bargemen not keeping their dogs on board the barges, not less than 5s. nor more than 20s. Masters or owners of vessels answerable for damages done by their servants; but may recover from their servants. Recovery and application of penalties and forfeitures. Manner of proceeding for conviclon of offenders. Proceedings not to be vacated for want of form; or removed by certiorari. Distreis not to be deemed illegal for irregularity. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Persons giving false evidence to be deemed guilty of perjury. Trustees in the commission of the peace may act as justices. Trustees not to act if interested. Limitation of actions.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act for making navigable the rivers Wreak and Eye, from the junction of the said river Wreak with the intended navigation from Loughborough to Leicester, at or near a certain place called Turn water Meadow, in the lordship of Coflington, to Mill Close Homestead, in the parish of Melton Mowbray, all in the county of Leicester.

Certain persons to be a corporation by the name of "The Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Leicester Navigation to Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester" " may purchase lands. Power to make the navigation, and new trenches. Setting out towing paths. Towing path to be confined to the top of the banks, properly secured; and in case of damage, satisfaction to be made by the company, and the banks repaired by them. restrictions from building mills, con towing paths, or other places. Proprietors not to injure Mr. burton's mill. To prevent the company erecting any buildings on certain lands of lord Melbourne. No wharf, C to be erected by the company on the lands adjoining the cut of deviation from Mr. reeve's mansion house. Surveys and levels have been taken, and a plan and book of reference made. Navigation to be made pursuant to the said plan or book of reference. The present line on the plan to be pursued on the line of deviation from Mr. reeve's mansion house. Land owners omitted in the book of reference not to obstruct the making of the navigation. Land may be entered for making surveys. Bodies politic empowered to sell lands. Where lands are separated'as to render occupation inconvenient, the remainder to be sold or exchanged, with the consent of the of Bodies politic, Sec. indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of this act. Contracts to be enrolled. Where land is severed by effecting the undertaking, the company may purchase the whole, or build bridges. For preserving copyhold rights. Gates, bridges, Sec. to be made across the towing path. In case of neglect, owners, C to make the same; who shall be paid their expenses by the company. Annual relit to be paid for the haling path. Saving the right of soil of the haling path. Cuts and towing paths to be 20 yards broad. Towing paths to be three yards wide. For preventing trespasses on the lands by korfes haling vessels. Towing path to be used as a bridle way, Sec. by the occupiers of lands. Commissioners for settling differences. Election of new of _ the quarter sessions to nominate of in case surviving of neglect, or a fufneient number cannot be found in the neighbourhood. Commissioners may act as justices. Commissioners not to hold places of profit For appointing special meetings of the of Commissioners may meet at any time. Notice to be given of meetings. Place where the

com

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 77.

of meetings shall be held. Powers of of to determine differences. Jury maybe summoned. Jury may be challenged. Value of lands and damages to be distinguished in the verdicts. Penalty on sheriffs, Sec. for neglect of their duty, aol. Persons requesting a jury, to enter into bond to prosecute. Commissioners not to take notice of any complaint till application has been made to the company of proprietors. Persons giving false evidence may be prosecuted for perjury. Upon payment, or tender of money, the company may use premises, Verdicts to be recorded. purchase moneys paid in trust to be laid out to the same uses. For paying off mortgages on lands used for the navigation. In default of payment of damages the rates to be liable. If not paid out of the tolls, may be recovered from the company. For recovering annual rents. Punishing persons destroying the works. Penalty on persons obstructing the works, not lets than 40s. nor more than 5l. Lands, Sec. purchased by the company vested in them. Money and effects vested in the company. Company may raise 25, 0ool. amongst themselves. The subscription money to be divided into 250 shares. A subscriber of a share to be a proprietor and have a vote, and no person to have more than ten votes. For subscribing an additional sum of 5, 000k or raising it'by mortgage of the tolls. Interest to be paid to subscribers before works finished. No assignee shall be deemed a proprietor. For paying the interest of mortgages. General assemblies of the proprietors to be twice a year. Committee to be chosen, and officers. Annual appointment of the committee. Meeting of proprietors may be called upon emergencies. Assemblies to con list of 50 snares. Proprietors not meeting to forfeit 5s. for each share he possesses. General assemblies may audit and settle accounts. Power in the general assembly or committee to make calls. Subscribers to have notice before their lfiares are forfeited. Power in general assembles to make bye laws. When subscribers die before their respective shares are completed, executors, Sec. to complete the same. How shares may be disposed of Shares not to be sold till call completed. Books to be kept for entering proceedings of the company. Commissioners accounts to be entered by their clerk. Books to be locked up. Commissioners clerk may be removed. For all coals carried from the Leicester navigation to Eye, Kettleby, Syfonby, or Melton Mowbray, as. 6d. per tonne. For all coals carried upon any part of the navigation, and not carried so far as Eye, Kettleby, Syfonby, or Melton Mowbray, ad. aq. per tonne, per mile. For all iron, timber, and other goods, carried from the Leicester navigation to Eye, Kettleby, Syfonby, or Melton Mowbray, 4s. per tonne. For all iron, timber, and other goods, carried upon any part of the navigation, 4d. per tonne, per mile. For all lime, limestone, and stones used in building, and materials for roads, to pay one half of the tolls to be taken on coals. Fraction of a mile to be taken as a mile, and fractions in a tonne to be taken by quarters. Exemption from tolls. Power of land owners to use pleasure boats. For fixing the rates, and afterwards lessening them, if necessary. For recovery of the rates. Exempting the duties from payment of taxes. Mailers of vessels to give account of their lading. In case of difference concerning the weight of goods, vessels to be detained, and goods weighed. Navigation to be free on the rates. If fords spoiled, the company of proprietors to provide methods of passage. Miliers, on receiving proper notice, are to draw up or shut down doughs, when necessary for making the said navigation. If dissatisfied with recompense of to determine the same. Mills to be purchased by the company, on notice being given by the owners within a limited time. Millers not to draw down the water lower than a certain height. Penalty on malting obstructions by placing vessels. Vessels sunk to be weighed forthwith. For preventing damage from floods. Drains to be made into the navigation to convey water. Lords of manors, Sec. may build wharves on their own lands: but if not done within ia months after notice, the proprietors may build them. Rates of wharfage. Wharfage for coals ad. per tonne. For regulating the boatmen. Boat mailer or owner made answerable for damages done by the crew. Masters may recover back from their servants any sums paid for their servants neglect. Proper places to be made for boats to turn and lie, in for other boats to pass. Regulations for vessels passing the locks. To prevent lock keepers

415 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 78. [1791.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

giving any preference. Penalty on persons opening lock, wafting water, C Rules for mooring vessels. Vessels not to be moored by Mr reeve's house. Persons overloading and obstructing the passage of the navigation, to forfeit 5l. Penalty on persons throwing ballast into the navigation, 5l. Navigation'not under the power of the commissioners of sewers. Persons on board having nets, not being qualified, forfeit 5l. If the Leicester company make up any deficiency in the income of the Loughborough company, in pursuance of the Leicester at, this company to reimburse them a part of it. Preserving rights of lords of manors. Preserving rights of fiffiery. If lands not ufied within a certain time, to be reconveyed. Navigation to be measured, and stones setup, at the option of the proprietors. For recovery of penalties and forfeitures. No conviction to be removed by certiorari, until bond entered into with sureties. Distress not deemed unlawful for want of form. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions; who are to determine the matter in a summary way. Clause for compelling subscribers to pay the subscription money. Limitation of actions. General issue

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor belonging to the several parishes of Ellesmere, Middle, Bafchurch, and Horsley, and to the chapelry or district of Hadnal (otherwise Hadnal Ease) in the county of Salop.

Certain persons incorporated by the name of "The Guardians of the poor of the several Parishes of Ellesmere, Middle, Bafchurch, and Horsley, in the County of Salop." Their first meeting to be on June 8, 1791. Quarterly meetings. Women to vote by proxy. Guardians and directors may act as justices. Guardians to deliver in their qualifications. Guardians and directors to defray their own expenses. Poor persons to continue under the government of the churchwardens andoverseers of their respective parishes until the buildings shall be completed. Directors or officers not to be concerned in any contract. Chairman of the first meeting to be appointed, and 15 directors. Parishes to make out a list of guardians, C

be proposed for directors to fill up vacancies in the direction for the two first years. Parishes to make out lists of guardians, Sec. to be proposed for directors to fill up vacancies in the direction lor the rest of the years. Churchwardens and overseers required to call vestries. Persons possessed of real estates to the amount of 40l. per annum, and being inhabitants and householders of any of the said parities, may be elected directors, if conferring thereto. Licensed curates may be elected directors, if consenting thereto. Directors to accept the offices within ten days. No person to be re elected to the office of director within three years after his having served. Directors required to take an oath. Guardians to appoint officers, governor, steward, matron, and clergyman. Securities from officers. Weekly meetings of directors. Special assemblies may be held. Directors may contract for or purchase lands, buildings, See, 'For reserving a free relit for lands granted by the lord of any manor. Purchase money belonging to corporations, Sec. to be laid out in purchase of other estates. Lands which shall be purchased to be rated as heretofore. Buildings to be fur niffied. Directors to have the management of the poor. Part of the ground to be enclosed for a burial place. No ground but what is freehold, C to be set apart for a burial place, or to be used till consecrated. Power to apprehend vagrants. Directors may send vagrants to their place of settlement. Children taken in to be apprenticed. Children may be discharged or hired out. Power to borrow 8, ooool. and to assign the rates as a security. Power to grant annuities. No annuity to be granted for the life of any person under the age of 20 years. Annuities to be paid out of rates. Securities transferrable, and to be entered in a book. For making assessments. Churchwardens and overseers to collect the rates. > In cases of deficiency, re assessment to be made. For levying the rates. Churchwardens, dc. to account with directors, and pay money collected to the treasurer. On failure whereof, to be committed. Assessment to be made upon an average of the rates. Churchwardens and overseers to produce

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 79. 4

their parish books, Sec. Persons who have acted as parish officers for iz years past, to produce their books and accounts. If parish officers omit to produce their books and accours the rates to be made at discretion.

Parish officers to assist in the execution of the act. Penalty on their making default. For appointing constables. Charity money applied towards relief of the poor to be included in such average. Parish officers may raise money besides the sums requisite for the purposes of this act. Money for occasional relief to be retained in the hands of churchwardens. Property of the furniture, See. veiled in directors. Punishment of poor for spoiling effects, See. Penalty on persons buying or receiving furniture, Sec. from the poor, 5l. No business to be done by directors but at meetings. Penalty on directors not attending meetings, 40s. If directors omit making rates, the rates fixed for the preceding year to be continued, Directors may grant certificates. Certificates now in the custody, and to be received in future by parish officers, to be delivered to the clerk. Bonds of indemnity against bastards to be given to the directors. Bye haws may be made. No bye law to be made, altered, or repealed, unless seven members are present.

Rewards to be given to the industrious poor. Act not to extend to the poor in any alms house. Act not to extend to districts within the parishes liable to maintain their own poor. Charitable gifts to be paid to the trea furen Benefactors, or their heirs, Sec. may be elected guardians." Contracts and proceedings to be entered in books. Allowing inhabitants to inspect books and papers. Poor employed or born in the house of industry, not thereby to'gain a settlement. Ascertaining the place of settlement of bastard children. No appeal against removal without consent of directors.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Persons rated may be witnesses concerning settlement of paupers. When the profits of the poor's labour shall be sufficient for their maintenance, rates to cease. Recovery and application of penalties. Appeal to the quarter sessions. Appeals not to suspend the payment of rates. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Limitation of actions.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act for better paving, cleaning, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the town of Dudley, in the county of Worcester, and for better supplying the said town with water.

Commissioners appointed. Commissioners not to hold any place of profit.

Sec. under this act. Commissioners to be sworn. First meeting of the of to be June ai, 1791. No act valid unless made at a meeting. Powers of the act to be exercised by the majority at meetings, confining of five at least. No orders to be revoked, unless a greater number present than when the same was made. Proceedings to be entered in a book. Commissioners to appoint officers. Commissioners to take security from their officers. Officers to account. Pavements, C vested in the of Commissioners empowered to cause the streets to be paved, C No person to alter the pavement without the consent of the of Power to provide lamps. Commissioners may contract for performing the works. The turnpike trustees not to be exempted, from paving the carriage way of the High Street. Inhabitants to cleanse the streets before their houses. scavenger's duty. Signs, Sec. to be regulated, and encroachments removed. To prevent future projedtionso To prevent annoyances. Penalty on causing obstructions, 5s. Inhabitants not to be subject to a penalty on account of rubbish occasioned by building. Proviso for holding fairs and markets. Stone horses not to be shown in the streets. Houses may be numbered, Sec. Power to white'wash the houses of poof persons at the expense of the of Watchmen to be appointed. Power to get and convey water into the town. restrictions on taking water. Water to be free for the use of the inhabitants. Restrictions relative to conveying water to the town. Surveyors not to enter on private lands, C Working of mines not to be hindered. The of empowered to purchase and take down houses for widening the narrow parts of the streets. Persons in possession to deliver up the premises.

418

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 80. [1791.

premises. Money of corporations, Sec. to be re invelled in the purchase of other estates. Rates to be made. Persons occupying houses under 5l. one shilling in the pound, above 5]/ a year, two shillings in the pound. Assessors. Rates may be amended. Tenements not above the value of 40s. a year, and pasture lands, C not to be rated. Agreement between landlord and tenant not to be made void. Tenants removing before rates paid. Rates apportioned between occupiers quitting and coming into possession. Recovery of rates. Persons aggrieved may apply to the said of Commissioners to determine the limits of the at. Application of the rates. Power for seven of to borrow money. Power to raise money by annuities. Securities for moneys lent may be transferred. Recovery of penalties. Inhabitants may be witnesses. justices may mitigate penalties. Appeal to the quarter sessions. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. Public at.

CAP. LXXX.

An act for paving the footways of certain streets within the city of Lincoln? for cleansing, lighting, and watching the said streets, and other streets lanes, and public passages and places within the said city, and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, and incroachments therein.

Commissioners. Three to be a quorum to execute the ait. No order made by three of shall be revoked by less than a majority of seven. First meeting of of to be on 27th of June, 1791. General annual meeting for auditing accounts to be held on the second Monday in July. Mayor to have the calling vote. Commissioners to pay their own expenses. Justices and of may administer oaths. Mayor may appoint a deputy. Provision for holding meetingvs without the mayor. Parishes to choose new of If parishes do not eleit, of may. Qualification of of to be possessed of real estate in the county or city of Lincoln, of theclear annual value of 15l. or occupier of eight pounds a year in the city of Lincoln. No person to be commissioner who is concerned in any contrail, nor where personally interested. Proceedings previous to conviction for ailing if not qualified to be valid. Aitions to be in the name of the clerk. Clerk to be reimbursed his colls and charges. Proceedings to be entered in books. Treasurer, clerk, collectors, scavengers, Sec. to be appointed. Officers to give fecu j'ity, and to account, C If they refuse so to do, of may bring aitions, or may complain to a justice. For recovering money and books in case of death, bankruptcy, or insolvency of officers, Sec. Commissioners not to be precluded from filing their officers sureties. To prevent officers taking other fees than are allowed; or be concerned in contrails, Sec. Treasurer to pay all films of money, by order of the commissioners, and make entries thereof. Proprietors to pave. If paving not done by the parties, the of to do it, and recover the expenses. Where houses, Sec. are let intenements, the goods of any one tenant may be distrained. The premises to remain a lecurityin certain cases, and the expenses levied upon the next tenant, or upon the owner, Sec. whose goods may be followed. Expenses to be allowed to the tenants paying. Tenants may recover of the owner, where they shall have paid more than they owed for relit. To admit other streets, on application. For paving the entrance of gateways. Penalty on obstructing workmen, See. not less than 10s. nor more than 40s. Foot pavement not to be altered without consent of of For paving before public buildings. Lamps to be provided, and of may contrail for lighting the m. con traitors to be sued for performance, and contrails to be advertised. Watch houses, C to be provided, and watchmen appointed. Penalty on watchmen neglecting their duty, 5s. Property of lamps vested in the of, who are empowered to dispose of the same. Penalty on damaging lamps, or watch boxes, for the first offence, 40s. for the second offence, 5l. and for the third, 20l. Penalty on persons causing annoyances, not less than s nor more than 20s* Signs, C to be regulated. Polls maf i be

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 81  83. 419

be setup to guard foot pavements. Cellar windows not to be stopped where there is no other way in Cellar windows not to be left open in the night, penalty 40s. Penalty on builders, C for encroaching on the public streets, 20l. Penalty on persons leaving carriages standing in the streets longer than necessary; and foddering the cattle, drawing the same, or fattened thereto, 5s. Foot pavements to be swept. Commissioners may compound with inhabitants for sweeping footways, Sec. Penalty on running wheels, See. on footways, for the first offence, 5s. for the second, ios. and for the third, 20s. Nuisances to be removed. Regulations for empting necessary houses. Commissioners may appoint scavengers, who may lodge dirt in streets, Sec, in vacant places. Persons may keep dung.

Scc. in their own yards, for their own use. Penalty not to extend to rubbish occasioned by building, Sec. Rates to be Sixpence in the pound.

Payment of rates where tenants occupy only part of the year, to be proportioned. Commencement of rates, ift of July, 1791. Markets, tithes.

Sec. not chargeable with the rates. Unoccupied houses, Sec. not to be rated. Churches and other buildings to be rated by measure. Rates not to extend to buildings belonging to the city. Rates upon churches to be paid by the churchwarden. Commissioners may exempt poor persons from payment of rate. Houses and buildings not benefited by the atto be exempted from the rates. Act not to extend to Newport. Thirty pounds to be paid annually by the corporation. Clerk to make entries of rates.

Omissions in rates to be supplied by of For borrowing five hundred pounds, by mortgage of rates. Application of money raised.

Interest of money borrowed to be kept down. Persons being aggrieved by rates, of may grant relief; or may appeal to the quarter sessions. Rates may be amended in part. Commissioners may act asjufti ces. Inhabitants may be witnesses. Commissioners sitting on applications for relief, not to afterwards sit as justices upon appeals. General appeal.

Penalty on constables and peace officers neglecting their duty. For recovery of penalties and forfeitures. Justices may mitigate penalties. commissioner may reward informers. Application of penalties and forfeitures. Time for laying informations, to be within six months. Distress not unlawful for want of form. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. Persons who bring actions by order of the of to have double costs.

[Public act.]

The corporation of Lincoln to pay the expenses of this act. Saving ma nerial rights.

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for imbanking and draining certain fen lands and low grounds, within the parishes of Chatteris and Dodington, and hamlet of wim blington, in the said parish of Dodington, in the isle of Ely, and county of Cambridge; and for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the commons and waste lands within the said hamlet of Wimblington.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act to continue two acts, made in the fifteenth and thirty first years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer, which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the town of Kirkcaldy, and liberties thereof.

Continued for 21 years.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the harbour of Swansea, in the county of Glamorgan.

Appointment of trustees. First meeting of trustees to be on 24th of June, 1791. Trustees to defray their own expenses, and may act as justices. All orders to be made at meetings, by the majority present. Trustees may dedt officers, C Officers to account under penalties. Actions to be

420

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 83. [1791.

[Public act.]

brought. Justices of the peace to ifiiie warrants of distress, Sec. on refusal of payment, and for want of the means of distress, offenders to be committed. Officers taking any reward, other than their salaries, or interested in any bargain made by the trustees, are disqualified, or to forfeit iool. Removal of assistant, C Trustees empowered to contract. Trustees to appoint committee of inspection. Other trustees to be chosen in case of vacancies. Power to improve the harbour, Sec. Making cheek walls. Allowing the water of the floating harbour to be drawn off occasionally. Trustees may appoint a watch. Proper places to be provided for depositing ballast. Forfeiture for noncompliance with the act, 5l. Penalty on throwing ballast into the bay of Swansea, iol. Reservation of the act 19 Geo. z. To erect mooring rings, capfterns. No ship to cast anchor in the river. Trustees may fix up lamps. Penalties for breaking lamps, C 40s. Tax on shipping for the purposes of this act, ad. per tonne. No ship or vessel to be cleared out of the customhouse until the duty be paid, under the forfeiture of aol. and also all the custom and harbour duties. Rates exempt from taxes. Power to leffien or restore tolls. Powers of the water bailiff and his officers to direct the mooring, cof ships, Sec. But not to hinder the mooring of ships near the place of loading or unloading. Reservation of the powers of the water bailiff and layer keeper. Vessels, Sec. damaging piers and works, the commander to make good the same. purchasing lands for the purposes of this actor paying for damages done thereto. Sheriff to summon a jury. Penalties on the sheriff and coroners, zo. jurymen, and persons summoned, who shall make default, 5l. expences of juries. Persons requesting a jury to enter into a bond to prosecute. Purchase money belonging to incapacitated persons to be re invested. Inhabitants of the feigniories of, Sec. competent witnesses, and to serve on juries. Satisfaction for trespasses in going on land to survey, See. Upon payment of sums so afieffect, the trustees may enter upon the lands, or be clear from damages. Trustees to make bye laws. May impose fines and penalties, not exceeding 40s. each, which shall be put up in writing. No order, rule, or bye law to be altered without notice. To erect a pier at The Mumbles. Penalty on putting down the light house without proper notice, iool. Vessels, except. Sec. between the Nafs and Worm Head, to pay to pier, cone farthing per tonne. Trustees may lessen the rate. Places where duties to be paid at. Power of distress for want of payment. Reserving the rights of the Trinity House to make, erect, and setup beacons. Trustees to borrow sums not exceeding ia, ooool. for the purposes of this act, by assignment, Sec. Creditors, on defect of payment, to receive and posies the rates and duties. Power to transfer and assign. No assignment good, unless properly entered. Copies of assignments, Sec. signed by the treasurer or clerk, to be given in evidence. Trustees to fix the price of porterage, but not in exclusion of the powers of the steward, Sec. The corporation of Swansea may cut into their own lands, for making, at their own expense, docks, Sec. Gates, bridges, quays, wharves. Sea baths. Making compensation with the full consent of the proprietor and owner. May control their own works and profits. Penalty on persons obstructing and destroying the works, not more than 5l. nor less than 403. Application of tolls. Persons, on refilling the payment of forfeitures, to be committed to the house of correction, and for want of sufficient distress. Persons distraining not to be deemed trespassers. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. No suit to be commenced against trustees or officers without fifteen days notice. General issue. Treble costs. Trustees to sue and be filed in the name of their treasurer, receiver, or clerk. Rights of the ferry preserved. If fords damaged and destroyed, adequate accommodation to be supplied the public. Royalties and rights of the duke of Beaufort, and the lords of Gower and Cilvey, saved. Rights of the corporation of Swansea saved. Port reeve of Swansea to act as a justice. Rights of all other persons, Sec. saved. Expenses of this act to be paid out of the first moneys.

421

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 84, 85.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act for building a bridge cross the river Thames from Stanes to Egham, in the counties of Middlesex and Surrey.

1 Hen. 8. C 9. 39 Eliz. and 13 Geo. 2. c. 25. recited. Commissioners.

[Public act.]

[Double costs.]

[General issue.]

Up on the death or removal of any of the of, the lord chancellor, See. to appoint others. First meeting of the of to be on June 21, 1791. New bridge to be built. Road over the bridge. Tolls to becollected: for every horse, not drawing, id. if drawing, 2d. for every score of calyes, sheep, Sec, 3d. for every ox or cow, not drawing, one halfpenny; for every ox or cow, drawing, 2d. for every lighter, barge, Sec, except a wherry, passing under the bridge, 4d. but if not laden, 3d. Exemptions from tolls. No toll to be paid on the day of election for Surrey or Middlesex. Inhabitants of Stanes or Egham not liable to payment of toll. Toll over the bridge to be paid but once a day. Money to be raised by the ad' vested in the of Commissioners may cred turnpike and toll house on the bridge, and appoint collectors. Tells may be distrained for upon refusal of payment. To prevent disposing of tickets to evade thetolls. Tolls may be leased. New bridge not to be rated higher to the land tax, Sec. than the present bridge. A ferry to be provided when the bridge is rebuilding or repairing. Tolls at the ferry to be the same as at the bridge. Money may be borrowed on bond, or otherwise. Money may be advanced for annuities on lives. Money to be raised, not to exceed i2, ooool. Annuities charged on the tolls. Annuities may be assigned. Expenses of the act to be defrayed out of the first money advanced. Application of the remainder of the money advanced. Treasurer to be appointed, who is to give security. Commissioners may contract for building the bridge and keeping the lame in repair; and may purchase messuages and grounds for building the bridge. Surveyors may dig for gravel and other materials for building the bridge, out of wastes, or out of private grounds, making satisfaction for the same. Directing notice to be given to the occupiers of lands before materials are taken for building or repairing the bridge. Messuages and lands belonging to incapacitated persons may be purchased for the purposes of the ad. In case of refusal to treat, to be settled by a jury. Purchases and damages to be paid for out of the tolls or money advanced. Moneys belonging to corporations and other incapacitated persons to be reinvested. Persons destroyinjg or damaging the bridge to be punished for a misdemeanour. Mailers of vtffi ls made answer able for damages done to the bridge by their crews. Lord chancellor, Sec, to direct how the surplus of the tolls, if any, shall be aifpoled of Lord chancellor, Sec, to make orders. bridge mailers to account to the commissioners for money in their hands. Materials of the old bridge to be disposed of when new bridge is built. Commissioners to pay money already due for the repair of the present bridge. For preserving the rights of the city of London. Former acts repealed. Commencement of this act to be on June 20, 1791. Limitation of actions.

CAP. LXXXV.

An act for making and maintaining a canal or navigable communication from or near a certain place called Abernant, in the county of Glamorgan, to and through a certain place called The Brickfield, near melin crythan Pill, into the river of Neath, near the town of Neath, in the said county.

Proprietors incorporated by the name of "The Company of Proprietors of the Neath Canal Navigation." Their powers. For enabling the company of proprietors to make use of the bed of the river Neath for the continuing of the said navigable communication. For laving the rights of fishery in such parts of the river Neath as shall be made navigable by virtue of this act. Power to make inclined planes, C Where carriage roads are injured, Sec. others to be made. Width of the canal and towing paths to

Ee 3 be

422

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 85. [1791.

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

be a6 yards. Corporations, See. empowered to sell land for the purposes of this act. Mines found in lands purchased for the canal to belong to the seller. Commissioners. Expenses of jury. Notice of injury to proprie tors before complaint. Verdicts, C to be recorded. Application of the purchase money belonging to corporations, C Commissioners to settle proportions to the several persons interested. Annual rents charged on the rates. Proprietors may raise 25, 000b to carry on the work. Money to be divided into 250 shares, and to be deemed personal property. If that sum is not sufficient, more may be raised by calls upon themselves. Proprietors to receive 5l. percent, till the canal is finished. Interest upon mortgages to be paid prior to dividends. Subscribers to have a vote for every share. First general assembly to be on August n, 1791. General assemblies for chcofing committees. Committee subject to control of general assembly. Accounts to be kept by committees. General assemblies to conlift of 125 shares. Other powers of general assemblies. Proprietors not answering calls, subject to a penalty of 5l. each share, or forfeiture of their shares. Shares not forfeited without personal notice. Company may remove members of the committee; and make bye laws. On the death of proprietors before shares completed, executors may'do it. Shares may be disposed of After a call, no share to be sold till the money paid. Company to appoint officers. Proceedings of the of to be entered. Rates: for all iron and other goods (except as after mentioned) 4d. per tonne, per mile; for all iron cartings, 3d. per tonne, per mile; for all pig iron, 2d. 2q. per tonne, per mile; for all iron rtone, iron ore, coals, charcoal, timber, rtone, bricks, lime, and all kinds of manure, id. 2q. per tonne, per mile. Exemption from rates. Recovery of rates. Payment of wharfage for certain articles. Proprietors may alter rates. For afeer taining amount of profbs. For establishing a fund for repairs. Master of boats to give account of particulars of lading. In case of difference concerning weight, colledovs may weigh vessels. Weight of the lading of vestrtls to be marked. Boats to be gauged. Matters accountable for damage done by the crew. Matters to recover back from their servants sums paid for their defaults. Navigation to be free upon payment of tolls. For fencing off towing paths, and making bridges, Sec. In case company do not fence off the towing paths, and make bridges, Sec. land owners may do it at the company's expense. If bridges, Sec. made by the company are insufficient, land owners may make others. Company may cleanse the adjoining watercourse at the land owners expense. Power to make railways. Cuts may be made to communicate with the canal and collateral cuts. Cuts not to be made without content of owners of land. Breadth of side cuts 26 yards. Inclined planes may be made on additional cuts. No house, Sec. to be injured. Lords of manors and land owners may erect warehouses, Sec. on their lands. If land owners neglect to make warehouses, the proprietors may do it. Regulations as to private wharves. Committee to regulate the navigation. Penalty on persons overloading and obstructing the navigation, 5]. Penalty on opening locks, Sec. not more than 5l. nor less than 40s. Persons wilfully destroying works, guilty of felony. Coal mines not to be worked to prejudice the navigation, C Satisfaction to be made for certain quantities of land. Canal not to be under the power of of of sewers. Proprietors to be taxed for lands, Sec. in same proportion as adjoining lands, C Tonnage rates not to be liable to parochial taxes. Aberdulais Forge Weir to be maintained by the company. A waste weir to be provided near Aberdulais Forges. Rights of lords of manors and land owners to fishery reserved. Penalty on unqualified persons on board having nets. Owners and occupiers of lands may use plea fur e and husbandry boats free of the rates. Commissioners to take an oath. Commissioners may act as justices. No commissioner to act where interested, or holding place of profit. Notice of commissioner meeting. General meeting of of Special meeting of the of No meeting to determine disputes, Sec, but within ten miles of the canal. To compel payment of subscriptions. Recovery of forfeitures. Appeal, Limitation of actions.

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 89. 423

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for enlarging and extending the powers of the present prescriptive market, within the town and borough of Lewes, in the county of Sussex; and removing the same to a more convenient place within the said town and borough, or within the precinct of the cattle of Lewes aforesaid.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act for the better maintenance and support of the poor of the parish of Sunderland near the Sea, in the county palatine of Durham.

CAP. LXXXVIIX.

An act for confirming an agreement entered into between the company of proprietors of the undertaking for recovering and preserving the navigation of the river Dee, and certain lords of manors and other persons in titled to right of common upon the wastes and commons, and the old common salt marshes, lying on the south side of the said river, below or to the northeast of Greenfield Gate, in the county of Flint, and an award made in consequence thereof.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the city of Hereford to the city of Gloucester, with a collateral cut from the same to the town of Newent in the county of Gloucester.

Proprietors incorporated by the name of "The company of Proprietors of the Herefordshire and Gloucestershire Canal Navigation." For preserving the mill and other waters belonging to William Baker and John Skipp, esquires. Such waters may be used by the company whilst thg canal is making. restrictions as to water that flows into the Leadon. The company to have the use of all waters for working machines employed in making or repairing canal or works. Power to take water at all times for the use of the collateral cut. Levels and surveys have been taken, and a book of reference made, and a map or plan. Canal and cut not to deviate more than ioo yards from the course in the plan. Describing the line of the canal at Canon From. Land owners being omitted in the book of reference, not to obstruct the making of the canal and cut. Directing the line of the canal through part of the parish of Bofbury, and the parish of Ledbury. For continuing the summit level. Describing the line through Upleadon Farm. Width of the canal and towing paths, 14 yards. Corporations, C empowered to sell lands for the purposes of the act. Small parcels of land not used for the canal, to be purchased by the company of proprietors, if required. Satisfaction to be made in gross, or by annual relit. Annual rents charged upon the rates, and how to be recovered. For preserving copyhold rights. Commissioners appointed. Commissioners names. In what cases juries to be impannelled. Juries under the same regulations as in the courts at Westminster. Expenses of juries how to be paid. Persons requeiting juries to enter into bond to prosecute. Notice of injury to proprietors before complaint to of Persons giving false evidence may be prosecuted for perjury. Satisfaction to be made for damages done in getting materials. Verdicts for value of lands, and money for damages, to be ascertained separate. Upon payment or tender of moneys, proprietors to enter to make canal and collateral cut. Verdicts to be recorded, and land to become vested in the company. Application of the purchase money for lands belonging to corporations. Commissioners to settle proportions of money to be paid to persons interested. For recovery of purchase money for lands. Proprietors may raise 75, 000b to carry on the work. Money to be divided into ihares of 100l each, and to be deemed personal estate. If that sum is not sufficient, more may be raised by calls upon themselves. Navigation and rates may be assigned. Alignments may be transferred. Proprietors to receive 5b percent, till

E e 4^gamd

Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 89. [1791.

canal is finished, Interest upon mortgages to be paid prior to dividends Subscribers to have a vote for every share by themselves or proxies. general assemblies for choosing committees. Committees subject to control of general assemblies. Accounts to be be kept by committees. General assemblies to conlifl of 400 shares, Other powers of general assemblies. Proprietors not answering calls subject to a penalty of 5l. each share, or forfeiture of their share. Shares not forfeited without personal notice. Company may remove members of the committee, and make bye laws. On the death of proprietors before share completed, executors may do it. Shares may be disposed of After a call no share to be sold till the money paid. Company to appoint officers. Proceedings of the of to be entered. Rates maybe collected. ijpr coal, ad. per tonne, per mile; for dung, manure, bricks and stone, id. per tonne, per mile; for corn, grain, and all other goods, except hops and wool, from the commencement of the canal at Hereford, or from the basin at Ledbury, to the junction of the canal with the river Severn at Gloucester, 3s. 6d. per tonne; for corn, grain, and other goods (except hops and wool) passing from any other part of the canal to the junction of the canal with the river Severn, ad. aq. per tonne, per mile; for corn, grain, hops, wool, and all other goods, not before specified, 3d. per tonne, per mile. Recovery of rates. Further allowance for goods remaining on a wharf above 24 hours. Proprietors may alter the rates. Goods passing between Hereford and Ledbury, to pay tonnage for half a mile less than the actual distance. Mailer of boats to give account of particulars of lading. Fifty feet of round, or forty feet of square oak, affi, elm, or beach, and fifty feet of sir or deal, and sixty square feet of light goods, shall be deemed a tonne. in case of difference concerning weight, collectors may weigh vessels. Weight of the lading of vessels to be marked. Boats to be gauged. Power to the proprietors to regulate and fix the price of small parcels under weight. Boat mailer accountable for damage done by the crew. Navigation to be free, on payment of rates. No boat under 15 tonnes to pass through any lock, without the consent of the company. Vessels with less weight of lading than fifteen tonnes may pass locks if not water sufficient for fifteen tonnes. Owners and occupiers of lands may use pleasure and other boats on the canal; but not to carry goods or passengers for hire. For fencing off towing path, making bridges, and providing watering places for cattle, C In case company do not fence off the towing paths, and make bridges, eland owners may do it at the company's expense. If bridges, C made by the company are insufficient, land owners may make others. Land owners aggrieved by the obstruction of the company's watercourses may cleanse them at the company's expense. Company may cleanse the adjoining watercourses at the land owner's expense. Lords of manors and land owners may ere warehouses, Sec. on their lands. Regulations as to private wharves. Proper places to be made for boats to turn or lie in, for other boats to pass by. Committee to regulate the navigation. Vessels lying so as to ohflrubt the navigation to be removed. Persons overloading and ob structing the passage of the canal to forfeit 5l. Penalty on opening locks and destroying works, not more than 5l. nor kfs than 40s. Penalty for throwing ballafl into canal, or obstructing navigation, not exceeding 5l. nor less than 40s. Regulations for vessels passing the locks. Canal not to be under the power of of of sewers. Lands and tolls exempted from payment of taxes. Rights of lords of manors and land owners to the fishery preserved. Penalty on persons'on board having nets, C not being qualified. Stones to be erected every half mile. Proprietors not to begin the canal till 75, 000b be subscribed; and 10 percent, paid to the treasurer. Coals, See. found in digging the canal may be taken by the proprietors of land. Method of discovering when mines are working under the canal and collateral cut. Method of getting coal, Sec. under the canal and collateral cut. Mines to be got by the owners, unless the company make satisfaction. To oblige proprietors of fire engines to lift their water into the canal and collateral cut. Not to take water raised from mines, unless the produce of the mines be carried on some part of the canal or collateral cut. Power to make railways. Cuts may be made to communicate with the canal and collateral cut, Such cuts not to be made

425

1791.] Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 90.

[Public act.]

without consent of owners of lands. Where carriage roads are injured, C others to be made. Election of new of Quarter sessions empowered to nominate of, in case the survivors neglect, or a sufficient number cannot be found in the neighbourhood. Commissioners to give notice of their meetings. Commissioners to be sworn. Commissioners may act as justices. No commissioner to act as such while he possesses any place of profit, or while he is a proprietor. General meetings of of Meetings upon request may be summoned at any time. No meeting to determine disputes, chut within five miles of the canal. Security to be taken from the treasurer, Sec. To compel payment of fub feriptions. For conveying the right, Sec. of lands, in case the canal or collateral cut shall not be completed, or shall be disused. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. Proceedings not to be quafiied for want of form. Persons aggrieved by any irregularity in distress, to recover only the special damage. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs, If 75, ooool. not subscribed before 30th June, 1798, the canal not to be made.

CAP. XC.

An act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, repairing, and keeping in repair, Finsbury Square, in the parish of Saint Luke, in the county of Middlesex, and part of the manor of Finsbury, and certain other streets and places communicating with or near to the said square, and for preventing or removing nuisances and annoyances within the same.

Trustees to be elected. First meeting of trustees on June 23, 1791. Trustees holding any office under trustees, or being concerned in contrasts, disqualified. Trustees may appoint officers. Not less than five trustees to act. If votes equal, the chairman to have the calling vote. Proceedings to be entered in a book. Trustees in the commission of the peace, may act as justices, C Power of paving, See. the square and streets, and of improving and embellishing the enclosure, veiled in trustees. Power of lighting and watching veiled in trustees, who may put up lamps, erect watch houses, boxes, C and appoint watchmen, C Trustees may cause the streets to be cleansed and watered. Nothing in the act shall alter the inheritance of the.pleasure ground. Materials vetted in trustees. Trustees may contrast for paving, Sec. and sue for penalty in contrasts. Work may be done by contrast. Trustees may compound for penalties. For preventing annoyances. To prevent accidents from leaving vaults open, or laying rubbiffi in the square, penalty 40s. Trustees may alter the position of the pipes. Water pipes may be repaired in certain cases. Trustees may repair pavements, Sec. Proviso to compound with water company for '.paving, Sec. Rates, C for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and watering the square. Occupiers of houses paying the rates to have the exclusive use of the enclosure. For untenacted houses, the owner to pay half rates. Houses partly within and partly without the limits of this act, to be rated in proportion. Dead walls, unfiniffied buildings, and void ground, to be rated izd. per yard. How premises within the limits of the act (which are rated jointly with other premises) may be separately rated. Lessees, Sec. subject to rates of houses let to lodgers. Persons occupying separate apartments, liable to pay rates; who may deduct the same from their relit. Commencement of the rate on June 24, 1791. Persons removing, and others succeeding them, to pay due proportions, to be settled by two justices. Penalty on any person, except the scavenger to be appointed under this act, collecting dull or allies, 5s. If such offender cannot be apprehended, the owner of the horse or cart employed in carrying away the dust shall pay the penalty, See. City to pay the amount of the estimate for gravelling Finsbury Square. Trustees may borrow 4, ooool. by annuities; or at interest, if they think fit. Notice to be given previous to raising money. Securities to be entered in books. Arrears of rates how to be recovered. May bring actions for rates. Treasurer and collector to account. Penalty on default 5l. Money paid by the treasurer

426 Anno regni tricesimo primo Georgii III. c. 91  93. [ 179x.

[Public act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

to be entered in a book. For extending the powers of this atto certain spaces of ground which may hereafter be built upon. Separate accounts of the optional streets to be kept. For making compensation to the parish of St. Luke. Such yearly payments howto be recovered. Rate books to be admitted as evidence. Costs of this act; to be paid out of money raised by this act. Recovery and application of penalties. Distress not to be deemed unlawful for want of form, Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form; or be removed by certiorari. Persons aggrieved may appeal to trustees, and if dissatisfied, to the quarter sessions. Repealing the former acts, so far as they relate to Finsbury Square, C Limitation of actions.

CAP. XCI.

An act for draining and dividing a certain moor or trad of waste land called King's Sedgmoor in the county of Somerset.

[Public act.]

king's Sedgmoor contains 18, 000 acres. Moor to be drained and divided. Commissioners appointed. Commissioners dying, C new ones to be appointed. If parties refute to appoint new of, the of themselves to do it. Notice of the of meeting. Regulations for of meeting. Commissioners oaths. Clerk to the of Survey to be made before Od. 1, 1791. Limits of the moor ascertained. Draining powers. Satisfaction for damages done to private property. Satisfaction to bodies corporate, C to be laid out in lands, Sec. Claim to be delivered in at the first and second meeting. Claims objected to may be determined by trial at the assizes. Claims not objected to to be final. Notice to be given of trial, and allotments suspended. Persons neglecting to proceed to trial at the first assizes after objection, the of to proceed to the division. Power to summon witnesses. Witnesses giving false evidence to be guilty of perjury. Commissioners to allot to parishes having rights. Allotments to parishes to be contiguous. Villages of Dunwear, See. to be considered parishes. Fences by ditches. Commissioners to set out roads, C Commissioners to appoint Surveyors for putting roads in repair. Parish roads, See. to be repaired as heretofore. For defraying the expense of repairing works. Commissioners to make an award of the boundaries, cof the said moor, within three years after pasting the ad, which is to be enrolled with the clerk of the peace for the county of Somerset, and in one of the courts of record at Westrpinster. Allotments to be in lieu of former rights. Paying expenses of this act out of the money raised thereby. Proportioning expenses, and mode of raising the same. If lands set out for sale prove insufficient, power to set apart other lands. Overplus moneys to be laid out in improvements. Allowance to of For enabling of to borrow money. For assigning securities. Commissioners to account. Persons destroying the works, Sec. may be prosecuted for felony. When drainage complete, to be under of of sewers. Act of 10 & 11 Will. 3. relating to Sedgmoor, repealed. Lords of manors may make bye laws. Appeal. Saving the rights of lords of manors. General saving.

CAP. XCII.

An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing a certain large open tract of land, within the manor of Holy Istand, in the county palatine of Durham; and for extinguishing the right of common upon the ancient infield lands within the said istand.

CAP. XCIII.

An act for dividing and enclosing the open common fields, meadow ground, half years land, common fens, and waste lands within the parish of Anwick, in the county of Lincoln; and for embanking and draining the said common fens, and certain enclosed lowlands adjoining thereto, called The Praie* Grounds, in or near the township of North Kyme, in the said county.

[Index Removed.]

