THE

Statutes at large,

FROM THE

26th to the 30th Year of King George II.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE containing the TITLES of all the STATUTES during that Period.

VOL. XXI.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, Esq;

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

CAMBRIDGE

Printed by JOSEPH BENTHAM, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Cross-Keys, opposite St.Dunstan’s Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1766.

CUM PRIVILEGIO

A

TABLE of the STATUTES,

Containing the Titles of all' ftich A6ts as are extant in print, from the Twenty Sixth to the Twenty Ninth Year of King George II. inclufive.

Anno 26 Georgii II.

Cap* 1. OR continuing and grant-J? ing to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the fervice or the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty three; and for enlarging the time limited by an aft of the laft feflion of parliament, for fub-fcribing annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, into the joint (lock of annuities therein mentioned.

Cap. 2. To amend an aft made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled. An oft for the better recovery of the penalties infixed upon persons who defray the game, by enlarging the time within which fairs and aftions are to be brought by force of the faid aft.

Cap. 3. For continuing the duties upon fait, and upon red and white herrings, for the purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 4. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be railed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand (even hundred and fifty three.

Cap.^. For puniftiing mutiny and delation; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 6. To oblige (hips more effectually to perform their quarantine ; and for the better preventing the plague being brought from foreign Vol. XXI.

parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the ides of Guernsey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man.

Cap. 7. For the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of friiall debts within the borough of Bojion, and Skirbeck Quarter, and the pari(hes of Bojion and Skirbeck, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 8. For opening the port of Exeter for the importation of wool, and woollen yarn, from Ireland.

Cap. 9. To explain, amend, and render more effeftual, an aft made in-the twenty third vear of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An altfor the encouragement of the Bri-ti(h white herring fijhery; and for regulating the faid fiftiery according to the calendar now in ufe, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 10. For enlargingthetime,and' continuing the duties granted by several afts of parliament for repairs of the piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the county of Tork; and for making the faid afts more effeftual.

Cap. 11. For permitting the exportation of wool, and woollen or bay yarn, from any port in Ireland, to any port in Great Britain.

Cap. 12. To prevent wines imported into any of the out-ports of this kingdom, being afterwards brought into the port of London, or parts adjacent, without paying the London duty.

a	Cap. 13.

 

A TABLE of the

Cap. 13. For the more effectually preventing the fraudulent removal of tobacco by land or water, and for the eafe of the fair trader in tobacco 5 and for afeertainine the rates payable for the portage of certain letters; and for amending and explaining the law* relating to the fale of fpirituous liquors by retail. Cap. 14. For the fettling and afeer-taining the fees to be taken by clerks to juftices of the peace.

C^p. 15. For allowing interest upon certain debentures for the bounty granted on the exportation of corn. Cap. 16. For reducing the number ©f directors of the corporation of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading; to the South Seas* and other parts of America; and for encouraging the filheiy; and fof regulating the , ele&ion of the governors and directors of the faid cpmpany.

Cap. 17. For the more effectual levying of the duties upon windows or lights, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland Cap. 18. For enlarging and regulating the trade into the Levant Teas. Cap, iq. For enforcing the laws a-gainft persons who shall (tea! or detain (hipwrecked goods; and for ' the relief of persons fuffering lofles ! thereby.

Cap, 20. For encouraging and improving the manufactory of linen , in the highlands of Scotland.

Cap. 21. For encouraging the filk manufactures of this kingdom \ and , fpr fecuring the duties payable up-.on the importation of velvets, wrought filks, and filks mixed ^ with other materials, not manufactured in Great Britain.

<Cap# 22. For the purehafe of the ‘ Mufeum* or collection of Sir Hans 'Bloane* and of the Harleian collection of manuferipts; and for providing one general repofitory for the better reception and more con-

STATUTES.

yenient ufe of the faid collections, and of the Cottonian. Library* and of the additions thereto." r"

Cap. 23. For granting to W$?Majefty a certain fum of money therein mentioned out of the finking fund; and for applying certain. furplus . monies remaining in the e^hoqueri, 1 for the fervice of the year brie thpu-fand feven hundred and fifty \httki and for the further appropriating the fupplies granted in this felfiob of parliament; and for enlarging the time limited by an aCt bt the laft feflion of plrliamerit,1 for fub-feribing annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per Annum* and three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum* into the joint (lock of annuities; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 24. For allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papifts 5 and for relief 6f proteftantpurchafers, devifecs, and lefftps.

Cap. 25. To render more effectual an aCt made in the twelfth year bf the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne* intituled. An a& for providing a publick reward for Juch person or persons as Jball dlfcover the longi-tude at fea* with regard to the making experiments ofpropofals made for difeovering the longitude; and to enlarge the number of commif-fioners for putting in execution the faid aCt.

Cap. 26. To permit persons profef-fing the JetuiJh religion, to be naturalized by parliament > and for other purposes therein mentioned. Cap. 27. To confirm certain ads and ’ orders made by j uftices of the peace being of the quorum, nqtwithftand-ing any defect in not exprefling therein, that fuch juftices of the peace are of the quorum.

Cap. 28. For the preventing of the inconvenieucies and dangers that may strife from the present methods ■*' .	of



a f Able of

of digging gravel, 'fend, (lone, chalk, and other materials, on the fevetflcommons and wade grounds witfdjftfyis kingdom, for the repair of the highways, and for other pur-pofeS; . ;

Cap. 29. To explain, amend and continue, the provifions made by two 4&s of parliament of the nineteenth and twenty firft years of his Maje-/fty's reign, for the more effectual tdiferming the highlands in Scotland, and fo make prpvifion for the more fpeedy^afcertaining the lawful debts or claims upon the lands and hereditament? that fome time belonged to Alexander Robertfon of St rowan, which; wjth other forfeited eftates, are, by an adt of the twenty fifth year of his Majesty’s reign, annexed to the crown unalienable.

Cap. 20. For the amendment and preieryation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this *Ungdom, and for the more effectual execution pf the laws relating ‘ thereto.

Cap. 31. For Regulating the manner of -ncenfing alehoufes in that part of Great Britain called England; and for the more eafy convicting perfops felling ale, and other liquors, without licence.

Cap. 32.. For continuing several laws relating to the punifhment of per-fons going armed or difguifed, in defiance of the laws of customs or excife ; to the drawback of the duties upon copper bars exported ; and to the duties upon foreign-made feij cloth ; and alfo for encouragement of the lilk manufactures i. and for taking off several duties on merchandizes exported 5 and for encouraging the trade of the fugar colonies in America; and for vacating the fecurity for the duty on fait loft in any river, or in port, after (hipped, and for enlarging,.^ {ime for proving the lofs of ‘ fiUj and* for relief of matters of

: STATUTES.

(hips with refpedt to the importation of foap and candles, contrary to an adt made in the twenty third year of his Majesty’s reign ; and alfo fot the more efffedtual payment of the bounties upon Britijb-made fail cloth; and to impower the commissioners of the treasury to diredt the payment of the bounty to John Henniker, and others, upon four (hips fitted out for the whale fifhery, and loft in the Greenland Teas, and alfo to Philip How, and others, upon two (hips employed in the faid fi(hery, not-withftandine fome of the forms required by Taw in fitting out fuch (hips were not complied with.

Cap. 33. For the better preventing of clandeftine marriages.

Cap. 34. To explain, amend, and continue several laws more effedtu-ally to prevent the fpreading of the diftemper which now rages amongfl the horned cattle in this kingdom; for the more effedlual paying the expences of paffing vagrants; for obviating doubts that may arife touching the keeping of prifoners until the prifon of the marlhalfea of the court of King’s Bench shall b^ rebuiltor repaired; and for amending fo much of the adt of the twenty fourth of his present Majesty, for regulating the commencement of the year, and for correcting the calendar now in ufe, as relates to the time of eledting publick officers of the city of Chejier.

Cap. 35. For confirming an agreement entered into between ther company of proprietors of the undertaking for recovering and pre-ferving the navigation of the river Dee, and Sir John Glynne baronet* lord of the manor of Hawarden9 and several freeholders and occupiers of land within the faid manor; and for explaining and a-mending three several adts of parliament of the ftxth, fourteenth, a 2	and



A TABLE of the STATtJtEfc

and feventeenth years of his present Majesty’s reign, for recovering and preferving the navigation of the laid river Dee.

for rejteirmg the road'ftem the lien of the Whitt Horfe to tbe fign of the King's Arms in tbekliffe a-forefaid;	*

Cap. 36. For ere&ing several publick buildings in the city of Edinburgh, and to impower the truftees therein mentioned, to purchafe lands for that purpofe; and alfo for widening and enlarging the ftreets of the city, and certain avenues leading thereunto.

Cap. 37. For repairing the road leading from the town of Penrith in

*	the county of Cumberland, by Hut-ton Hail, over Skelton and Cajtic-fovuerby Pajlures, and Sebraham Bridge, to Chalkbeck in the faid county; and alfo the road which branches and feparates from the fame road upon Cajilefowerby Pa-Jhire aforelaid, and leads from thence through Hejket, otherwife Hejket New Market, Xo Caldbeck in the faid county.

Cap. 38* To enable the parifhioners of the parifti of Stone, in the county of Stafford, to rebuild the church of the faid parifh.

Cap. 39. For repairing and widening several roads leading from the town of Bewdley, in the county of Wor-ftfler, to the several places therein mentioned, in the counties of v Woxcejler and Salop rdpedVively. Cap 40- For repairing the roads , from the city of Carlijle, to the •« town of Penrith in the county of . Cumberland, and from the faid town of, Penrith, to Enrnt Bridge, which divides the counties of Cumberland

*	and IVejlmorland.

Cap-41- For continuingand making jpore effectual three ads of parliament, parted in the ninth and 1 twelfth years of the reign of her jate majefty Queen Anne, and the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the highways ‘ between Dunftable and Hockliffe, in the county of Bedford; and alfo

Cap. 4a. For repairing and widening the road from the weft end of 8eend Street, in the county o 1 Wilts, to the Horfe and Jockey, in the parish of Box, in the faid county.

Cap. 43. For enlarging the churchyard of the parish of Paddington, in the county of Middkjix.

Cap. 44. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one firth part of a penny sterling, on exety Scots pint of ale and beer which mail be brewed for fale, brought into, tapped or fold, within the town of Dyfart, and liberties thereof, and all places adjacent, lying within three hundred yards of the boundaries of the faid liberties, for repairing, improving, and preferving the harbour of the laid town*

Cap. 4£. For building a new church within the town of Mamhtfier, in the county palatine of Loncafltr* Cap. 46. For repairing the road from the "borough of Leicejltr, in the county of Leiceftcr, to the town of Ajhby de la Zoueh in the&id county. Cap. 47. For repairing and widening several roads leading from the tnar-ket-houfe in Stourbridge, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Worceffer, Stafford, Salop, and Warwick refpfe<5hvely*

Cap. 48. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an a<ft parted in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high road leading from the city of Durham, in the county of Durham, td Tyne Bridge in the laid county.

Cap. 49. For repairing the road from the city of Caxlijte,\t\ the county of Cumberland, to the market and fea-port town of Workington iti the faid 1 county,'	;	10

Cap. 50. For repiurihgkVidyMeiiing

the





A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the T<5B4«, leading from Fevr% tjvthe county of Worctfttr^

. to the Hundred	and	worn

thence to Monkjhridge, in the road to tfen towi of Ttnbury j and from the fa id Hundred tituft, to the faid town 'xA Ttnbvrj in the faid county.

Cap.5iv' :For repairing and widening the roada leadmg from a place cal-. led Bafipg-ftone, near the town of Bagfitoi, in the> parilh of Wtndle-Jbam, in. the county of Surry, thro* FrimUy	Fambam,	in the fame

county i and from thence through Befttley^Aie/ybourn, Alton, Cbawton, Bopleyj Bfiop's Sutton, New Alref-fordj and Mattingley, otherwife MatterkyLone, to the city of Wm-cA$drr,inthe county of Southampton.

Cap. 52. Ftf widening and repairing the high rood leading from Heron Syke, which divides the counties of Lamafter and JVefimorland, to the town <£'Kirby \n Kendal, and from

'; the faid town of Kirby in Kendal,thro9 the towBiof Shapp, to Emont Bridge, ift^tke laid county of IVejlmorland.

Cap. 53. To continue and render more cflfedual three ads of parlia-mentv pafled in the eleventh year of thejctag^ of his late majefty King GyargeHtit Firft, and in the third and tiocnty second years of the reign pf hie prefcnt Majesty, for repairing the road from Sherbrooke HiUi Tstnr, Buxton and Chapel in the Frkb, in the county of Derby, thro’ the town of Stoekport, in the county of Chefter, to Manchffltr in the county ;of Laneaftir, and other roads in the laidads mentioned; and for repairing the road from the School* Houfo in Didfiury, to the bridge'in Wmfiow, in the county of Chefter; and for erecting a bridge over the river Merfq.

Cap. 54# for repairing and widening the rotdtading from FlimwettVent, m tb* parish tff Ttukurft, m the county of Suffix, to the town and «th* faid coiputy.

Cap. 55. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an ad made in the eleventh year of his prefcnt Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act for repairing the road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, andcrojs Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the turnpike at Mile End, in the county 0/rMiddlefcx.

Cap. 56. For continuing and giving farther powers to the truftees for putting in execution two ads. of parliament for repairing the roads from the parish of Enfield, in the county of MidJIJex, to the town of Hertford, and other roads in the > faid ads mentioned.

Cap. 57f For railing a fum of money by a county rate, for purchafing a proper prifon for debtors tn the county of Devon.

Cap. 58. For building a chapel on , the commpn, in the parish of Part-fea, in the county of Southampton, and for veiling power in certain truftees for the regulation thereof. Cap. 59. For repairing and widening the road from the weft end of the town of Burton ution Trent, in the county of Stafford, through the ford town, to the fouth end of the town of Derby, in the county of Derby. Cap. 60. For repairing and widening the road from the top of mite Sheet Hill, in the parish of Don-head Saint Andrew, in the county 6f Wilts, through the towns of Shoft-ejbury, Milborne Port, and Sherborne, in the counties of Derfet and Somerfgt, to the Halfway Houfe, in the parish of Nether otherwife Lower Compton, in the (aid county of Dorset, and several other roads near the towns of Shaftsfbury and Sherborne afore fa id.

Cap. 61. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an ad palled in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act for repairing the road leading a 3	from



A TABLE of th* STaYVTES.

' from Ealand, to the towh of Leeds, in the weji riding of the county of York.

Cap-62. For repairing atid widening the roads from tienjhalls Smithy, upon Cranage Green through the town of Nether Knutford, and by the South Guide Poji in Mere and Bucklow Hill, to the town of Altrincham, in the county palatine of Chejler; and from the faid Guide Toft to Warrington, in the cpunty of Lancajler-, and from Bucklow Hill aforefaid, to Penny's Lane,near Northwitch, in the faid county of Chejler.

Cap* 63. For repairing and wideriing the roads from a certain place in the town of Salford, to the towns ©f Warrington and Bolton, and thro* Wardley Lane, to the town of Wigan and to the Stocks in the town-rfiip of Daxbury, and to a place called the Broad Oak, in Worfeley, in the county palatine of Lancajler. Cap. 64. For repairing and widening th$ road from Tadcajler, through Newton, Collingham, Harcwood, Arlington ^ and Pool, to Otley, in the weft riding of the County of Ybrk. Cap. 65. For enlarging the term and powers granted by two a<fts of parliament, one paned in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty . ICing George the Firft, and the other palled in the nineteenth year of the feign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Liverpool to Prefect, and other roads 'therein mentioned, in the county palatine of Lancajler \ and alfofor Repairing the road from Prefcoi, through Whijlon, Rain-hill, Bold and Satikey, to the town of Warrington, and alfo the road from r Saint Helen to AJhton in the faid county palatine.

. Cap. 66. For repairing and widening the roads leading from Lobcomb Corner, in the pa rim of Winterjlow, to Harnhatn Bridge, in the county

df Wilts; and frpttf ttofWeft corner of Saint Artne's Street, in'&ecity of New Sarum, to the parishes of Landford and Brook \ and from thence to Ealing, and frdm Land-ford aforefaid, through Ower and YeJIwobd, to Ealing aforefoid, in the county of Southampton*

Cap. 67. For repairing am! widening the road from the eaft end df Brough under Stabimore, in the county of WeJJmorland, by the end of Appleby Bridge, to Emont Bridge in the faid county.

Cap. 68. For amending, widening and repairing, the read leading from DovtY to Barhatn Dotunt\ in the county of Kent.

Cap. 69. For repairing and widening the road from the Haifvdy Hteufo, in the parish of Lower Gednpton, in the county of Dorset, through tho towns of Yeovil, Crcmhrnt, Tand Chard• to the eaft end df the town of Axminfler, in the county o$ De-von, and fevcral other road^ round the faid town of Yeovil> ill the cfeun-ty of Somerfet.

Cap. 70. Fbr repairing arid widening the roads froth the Hand and PoJt iri Upton Field, in the parish of Burford, in the county of Oxford9 through the several parifties within mentioned, to a place in the parish of Prejlon, in the county of Glou-cejhr, called Dapcy's Fancy.

Cap. 71. For repairing and widening the roads therein mentioned* leading to and from the towns of Step-ton Malet and Ivelchejler, in the county of Somerfet.'

Cap. 72. For continuing and making more effectual two adts of parliament for repairing the roads 4ead-mg from Ipfibich to Cleyd&n, in the county of Suffolk, and other roads in the faid adts mentioned $ and for repairing the road from Cleydon a-forefaid, to Codenham Be at oil, in the faid county.

Cap. 73. T& tontmtre and render

more

 

A-T A^iL;P rof the STATUTES.

-	iWCfW'lGffbflual *tyhi *<ft* ofpatlia-*nmt# pne^ paired iath* tenth year mf tfe* teigo: of hi* late /ni^fty JCte®v<w,/<rthtFirft, and the other pafledi* the thirteenth year of,the reiga of hia preftnt Majesty, for repakiag theroad from Dunchurchy to thtbotlom of Meriden HiHy in

: the aOffity of Warwicky and for re-Raixlng thc road from the bottom ., of Mirtdnt ///// aforefaid, to £r/4tf,TO tho bid county. Gap^y.*. For amending several roads leading from the city of Exeterf Cap- 7f. For widening and repairing the hig^a mad leading from North-all*ru*>to the fouth wall of the church-yard of the town of Tbirjky and foam, the fouth call end of the ftaectcalled Finiell Street, in Tbirjk aforefaid, toand through the town of EfijmgwoMy in thecounty of25v*, to a place called Burton Stone, near < » 4he pity of 2&rf; and alfo the road

-	< \from: JZwyS aforefaid, to Topdiffey > ip the north riding of the county

, of nr*.

Cap* 76* For repairing and widening

-	3tW road leading from Piper's Imy mUmpariih of JJbcou* in the county of Semerfety to and through Gin/ton, otherwise Glafionbury and tFefkp to the direction or white pod* iq. the great weftem road to the city of Beth; and akb from Welh to Rujh Hilly leading to the ci$j4>f Brifiol.

Cap. To explain and make more effectual an a& pafled in the fourteenth year of his present Majefty's reign. For repairing the roads from Doneafter, through Ferry Bridge, to the fouth fide of Tadcaftcr Crofs;

* end alfo from Ferry Bridge to We-therby, opdtfrom thence to Borough Bridge in tfiecounty of York.

Cap. 7$9 fTp widen and repair the ton4 frpm the guide poft near the pni qiEfrpyton Lane* near Banbury in the county of. Oxford^ to the *	at*hc

no in

top of Edge Hill in the county of

Warwick.

Cap. 79. For laying a duty of fwd pennies Scots, or a fixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer which (half bo brewed for fale, brought into, tapped or fold within the town and parish of Prefion Pans in the (frlrt of Eaft Lothiany otherwife Haddiag-toun* for repairing the harbour of the (aid town, and for other pur-pofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 80. To continue and render more effectual several ads of parliament for repairing the highways leading to Highgate Gauboufey and Hampfieady and other roads in tho faid ads mentioned in the county of Middleftx.

Cap. 81. For repairing the roads from Lwingfioufiy by the kirk of ShottSy to the city of GlafgoWy and by the town of Hamilton to the toWn of Stratbaven.

Cap. 82. For repairing the road from the turnpike road at Buckton Burn in the county of Durham, through Berwick upon Tweedy to Lamrntrton Hilly and alfo the several other roads therein mentioned, lying in the faid county, and within the liberties of the faid town of Berwick.

Cap. 83. For repairing and widening the roads from Kighley to Wakefield and Halifax, and from Dudley*Util to Killinghally and the fouth Weft comer of Harrowgate Inchfurest and morceffedually to repair the roads from Leeds to HallifaXy and Bo&ling Lanty and Little Horton Latie/ and for building a bridge over the Viver Wharf at Poole in the weft riding of the county of York.

Cap. 84. For repairing and widening the roads from Spann Smithy in the townfhip of Elton* through die town of Middlewichy and bv Spittle Hill in Stanthornty to Wlnsferd Bridge \ and from Spittle Hilly to a 4	the

i

A TABLE of the

the town of Nortbwhh in the county palatine of Ghffler.

Cep. 85* For repairing the road from Ajhbj dela Zoucb m the county of Leicejler, through Burton upon Trent in the county or Stafford, and to the Cock Inn in Tutiury in the faid county.

Cap. 86. For repairing, amending, and widening the road from Kitgb-ley in the weft riding of the county of Tori, to Kirby in Kendal in the county of IVeftmorlamL Cap. 87. For repairing and widening . the road from the ftones end near Shoreditch church, to the centre of the bridge in Old-Street road, and through Old-Street in the pariih of . Saint Luke, Middlefer, to the weft end of the faid ftreet, next the pavement in Gofwell- Street.

Cap. 88. For repairing the road lead-- ing from Oundle in the county of Northampton, to Akenbury cum Wef-ton in the county of Huntingdon, from Barnwell in the faid county of Northampton, to Akoubury cum Wefhn aforefaid, and from the Mile Brook in Hamerton, to Wood Lane , End) next the parUh of Great Gid-u ding in the faid county of Huntingdon-

Cap. 89. For explaining, amending, and making more effectual, two a&s of parliament, the one paiTed , , in the twentieth year of his present sMajefty’s reign, intituled. An act *, for repairing the high road leading 1- from the town of Stockton upon Tees in the county of Durham, to , * Darlington, andfrom thence through T Wioftone, to Bernard Caftle in the fait county \ and the other paiTed in < t the jtyrenty second year of his faid Majesty’s. reign, intituled. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by tlx faid firjl mentioned afl% and for the effectual amending of the faid road.

Cap. 90. For repairing several roads leading into the city of Glafgow.

STA TOM’S.:'

Capjgrj Fbr repairing tfarretarifrom Nortir Queen's Ferry ^ through the towns ofInver hi thing and < Kurnofs^ to the town of Prrth\ andialftrthe road from the hiAQuemds Ferry, to the towns of Dwmfermbne* "lorry-bum zndGukofs 5 and atfa eheimd from the faid Queen's Petty, through Inverkdthing, to BrxrrtifUmd and Kirkaldie.	'	:

Cap. 02. For repairing, attending, and widening the several roads leading from the pariih of FivebeaeL, through: the towns of Langport andSomerton, to Butwelh, and alfo from Gurry Rkjell to Puckington Lane, and from Gary Bridge to Street Crofs in tbecoupty of Samerfet*

Cap. 93. For repairing andnwdening the Several roads in the comity of Peebles, leading front Tweed Grafs towards the city of Etinbotngkj by . Blyth Bridge, La Mancha and Wheam, and by Linton and: Car-laps, and from Inglejitn through CarlopSy until all the faid* roads join the limits of the ccfcmty.of Edinburgh.	i :	,

Cap. 94. To enable the owners of houfes and lands in the pariih of Saint Botolph without Alderfgate, and the inhabitants thereof, to repair the church and fteeple belonging to the faid pariih.

Cap. 95. To explain and amen^ an ad paiTed in the twentieth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An att for repairing the road lead-ing from Catherick Bridge in the county of York, to Yamn in the faid county 5 and from thence to Stockton in the county of Durham * and from thence through Scdgeheld in the faid county of Durham, to the city of Durham.

Cap.96. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a penny sterling, on every Scots pint of ale and beer which mall be brewed for. fak,.. brought, into,

rapped





A TJ&BX E	the S T AT U T ES.

taqp^trolbtt	town of

■fngbyvifcnd liberties thereof in the: tiotmty of Renfrew, for' im-provmgthenaviration of the river Carty and for otherpurpofes.

Cap; 97^ Fw the'better relief and employment of the poor in the parirti of Saint George, Hanover Square, within the liberty of the city of tVeJhninJler, and for clean-fing the ftreets, and repairing the highways within the laid parifh. Cap. g8. More effeftually to enable the parilhioners of the parish of Chriji Church in the county of Mid-dtefex, to purchafe, hire or ereft, a workhoufe for the employing and maintaining the poor of the faid parifh, and for the more effeftual iupport and employment of the poor therein.

Cap. 99. For the better relief and employment of the poor, and for enlightening the ftreets, paflages and open places within the city of Cbickejlery and several places adjoining thereto, and the clofe within the laid city.

Cap. 100. For the better relief and emphwijient of the poor in the pa-rilh ohEaj} Greenwich in the coun-. ty of Kent, end for repairing the highways*and cleaning the ftreets _ thereof.

Cap. 101. To enablt James Mailers to open a ftreet from the weft fide of. King's Street in the parish of Simi Margaret in the city of JVeJl-minjier, to the back part of the houfos, gardens and yards, on the weft fide of Delabaye Street in the lame parilh, and for other purpo-fes therein mentioned.

PrivateAtts.

Anno 26 Georgii II.

1.	An act for naturalizing Frederick Hoffltiard.

2.	Art aft to enable John Peploe Birch, ah infant, heretofore called John Peptoky td take and ufe the fumame of Ptphe Bireh ortly, purfuant to

" Mrfffie will of Samuel Birch efquire, deceafed.

3.	An act for enabling Abraham Gar-leton efquire, now called Abrabdm Gumberbatch, and his iflue male, to take and ufe the fbrname of Cum*, berbatcb.

4* An act for naturalizing Daniel oumeejlery James Rilliety Anthony Bertrandy Frederick Teifey Francis Brouzet and George Grand.

5.	An act to naturalize John Henry Schoeny Peter Rodolphy George Alexander Fat ioy William Du Boisy IVtl-liam Konink and Henry K/aufing.

6.	An act for naturalizing Jacob Faulk.

7.	An act for naturalizing Beat Ro~ dolph ViBor NerbeL

8.	Ajq aft for making the exemplification of the laft will of Henry late earl of Shelburne in the kingdom of lrelandy deceafed, evidence in all .courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

9.	An act for fettling a yearly rent on thp reftor of Pufey in the county of Btrksy and his focceflbrs, in lieu of his tythes, and part of his glebe, aqd vefting the faid tythes and glebe in John Allen Pufey ef-quire, and his heirs.

10.	An act for fale of divers lands and hereditaments in the county of Gloucejleiy devifed by the will of Alice Gilberty fpinfter, for railing money to difeharge several debts and legacies, and for laving out the furplus in the purchale of lands, to be fettled to the ufes of her will.

11.	An act for fale of an undivided ihare of tythes in the ifle of Wight, fettled on John Foyle Smally Mary Small his wife, and John Small their fon, an infant, and for laying out the money anting by fuch fade, in the purchafe of an eftafc in the county of Gloucejiery to be fettled to the fame ufes.

12.	A11 aft to enable Theodore William Itfge efquire, to make building leafes of part of his fettled eftate, fituate in or near Birmingham in the county of Warwick.

13.	An act for confirming and eftab-

lifhinj



A TARLEVdF the S^TATIUTES.

lifhmg articles of agreement for in-clofing and dividing Canfwiek, alias i Watlas Moor in the county of Thri.

14.	An act for dividing, inclofing, and reducing into feverahy, the lands in the oomtnon fields, com-> mon grounds, pafture or feeding grounds, and all other the lands lying open in the parish of Quen-’ nington in the county of Gloueejler. -25. An act for dividing and inclofing

•	the common, open, and arable fields, meadows, and wafte grounds in the hamlet of Hinton in the pa-fi(h of Woodford cum Memkris in the county of Northampton.

*6. An act to naturalize John James

•	Schweighoufcr, Dpvid Girard, Ghri-ftian Von HohenAorff, John Lewis Andrt and Andrew Sellon.

1I7. An act for naturalizing of John David Barhuu and Fertunatus n. Pkmta

•*8. An act to naturalize AfarySy-httia Harr ifon. vip* An act for veftbig the undivided twelfth part of Ann Jeiyll, an infant, m the real estate of Sir Jo-feph Jekyll knight, deceafed, in v tniflees, to enable them to convey _ the fame to the purchafers thereof, tinder a decree of the court of 1 ; Chancery.

-no, An act for vefting one undivided fourth part of Elizabeth Knight, of and in divers manors, lands and - hereditaments in the county of -i j fork, late the estate of Robert Phmp-

•	r tin enquire, deceafed, in truftees,

in trttfi to fell the fame for the pur-- pofes therein mentioned.

An act for vefting the estate of Edmmi Moreton Pkydell efquire, ir> «• truftdes, to fettle the fame, pursuant to an agreement made previous to the marriage of Edmund ' Moreton Pleydell the younger, ef-•r Quire, with Am his wife, and for ' other purposes therein mentioned. 32** An act to enable Evelyn Gbad~ mefe efquire, and his vrife, ai>4

tbdfWhe, tomxkehitridmgkites V of part of hia fottledneftats in.the ' parishes of SaintJames, Weftmtn* fier, and Saint Mbrtin in thrfiMs.

23.	An act for eftabiifhing and rendering effedual certain articles ick the fide of xht manor, -or reputed manorland divers lands, tenements and hereditaments, at Kent? ini the county of Tori, late the estate pf Charles Htadlom efquihe, deceafed, and for veiling the undivided third part or (hare erf Ann Htadlam, fpia-fter, an infant, of afid in the laid manor and premises, in truflees, in troft, to convey the fame pdrfu-ant to the faid articles, and for other purposes therdn mentioned. *4* An act for confirming an agreement between George Pitt efquire, and the redor of the church of Siratfieldfea in the county of Southampton, for exchange ofiands •' in the faid parifh, and to enable George Pitt to take down the pre-fent, and ered a new parish church there 5 and for making roads to the faid church.

25. Aw ad for confirming and eftab-tifhing an exchange agreed upon between the prebendary of the prebend of StillingtOn, and Stephen 1 Croft efquire, of certain lands and hereditaments in the county ofTori. a6. An act to diffolve the marriage Of John Ennever gentleman, with Mary Cornwell his now wife, and to enable him to marry again,.and for other purposes therein mentioned.

27. An act for exchanging, dividing, indofing, and reducing into feve-ralty, the lands, common grounds, pa (lures, feodinggrounds, and other the lands and grounds lying and being in the manor and pari/h of EaJUecb~martin, otherwifc Betberup in die county of Gloueejler; and for making a recoin pence m 00m-penfation to the nedor in lfCu of life tytQesand gleboiandst w

28. A«4



A 'HA/R'LEiaf the STATUTES.

98.	ad for confirming and eftab-li thing an agreement for inclofing and dividing certain common ana wafte grounds in the inanor of Loeihley in the county of York.

99.	An aid for inclofing and dividing . certain waftes and commons in the

manor of Hexham in the county of . N*rlbunbetlond.

go. An act for enabling	Latcb-

mart, and. his iflue, to take and ufe j •• tbethmame of Fry*. gi. An act for naturalizing ■.. Maurice Redatz. jz. An »d for (ale of an estate at Bntbertonintht county of Lanca-Jler,purfiunt to the will of John .. late ead of Afhburnhom decoded, and for the purposes therein mentioned.

33.	An ad1 (or confirming and eftab-

iiflung a partition of several ma-pors,. lands and hereditaments in the county of York, belonging to §ir Gyril Wkb baronet, Elizabeth fVUfin and Mary	refptdive-

. hr, and a fetdement made thereof, for the benefit of the several par-■ fies infilled to the several undivided (bates thereof before fuch par-fitioo.

34.	An a& to itnpower the guardians of Frauen Fitz Ray Scudamore, an infant, to make building leafes of hereftate in Southwark in tbs county et Surry,

<5. An act for (ale of the undivided moieties of divers manors, lands and hereditaments in the county of Suffolk, the fettled estate of Matthew Mamting,dodor in phyfick, for raifing money to difchacge a mortgage debt seeding the feme, and for laying out the fur pi us thereof in the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled to . the ufestherein mentioned.

36. .An act for veiling the parts or (hares late beiongiog to Benjamin Brahe, merchant, decoafed, of. and |n one twenty-fourthpart of the

caftcm divifion of die province of New Jerfty in Amenta, intraftees,

. to be fold for the .purpofes therein mentioned.

37. An act for vefting theendvowfon of Long Ditton in the county of Surrey, in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out tbe money arifing by fuch tale, in the purchafe of lands,

• to be fettled to the fame ufes, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

38- An act for veiling the estate late offViMiamRawforn efquire, at Baf-feldon in tbe county of Berks, m truftees, to fell the feme, and to lav out the money arifing by fdch fide, in the purchafe of another eftate, to be fettled to the ufes of his will.

39.	An act to enable John	of

Dumbernu efquire, to fell lands in the county of Perth, and Idy out . the money arifing thereby in tbe purchafe of lands contiguous to other lands of the faid John Craipt in the county of Fife, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

40- An act to impower	Hunt

Grubbe efquire, to make leafes of certain eftates in the county of fVUts, and for vefting the monies arifing by fines to be received for fuch leafes, in truftees, for tbe purposes therein mentioned.	■ 1

41. An act for vefting certain lands and hereditaments, parrofebe fettled estate of Valentine Knightlty efquire, in the county of Northampton, in the faid Valentine Ktdgbtleyy and his beirs, and for fettling other eftates in the fame cooatyy of greater value, in lieu-thereof.

4a. An act for confirm ingSbe wHl of Littleton Pmtx Mcymllafqdne; de-ceafed, and for nrnkiog prowfioq fas Godfrey Meynellef^mn, his eld-eft fon and heir, and Judith Mey-mll his daughter; and for enabling Hugo Mtynell efquire, bisfe-cornkfon gnddevjfecjJtoosake*

jqinturc

A TABLE of the STATUTES

jointure daring hit minority, and for fettring the eftates of the laid Littleton PointzMtynell to the ofes therein mentioned.

43.	An adi for railing money by fale of the eftates late of Hugh Fowler of Robeflone, in the county of Pembroke, e (quire, deceafed, todifeharge the debts and incumbrances affecting the fame, and for making a partition of fuch eftates, or fo much thereof as shall not be fold, for the purposes aforefaid.

44.	An adt to difibive the marriage of Samuel Low, efquire, with Elizabeth Rogers his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

45.	An adl to enable the cotnmifli-oners for executing the office of treasurer of his Majesty’s exchequer, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to compound with John Philpot and Jthn Hutchxnfon, and their fare ties, a

■ debt due to the crown for coftoms

. • for tobacco.

46.	An adt for dividing and indofing the common called Felton Common^ in the parifhof Felton, in the county of Northumberland.

47*. An adf fordividing and indofing

* the common fields, common pal-. ituresi common meadows, common grounds, and wafte ground, in the manpr and pariih ot Hilmorton, in the county of IVarwitk.

Anno 27 Georgii II.

Capt i. To repeal an a (ft of the , twetity-fixth year of kisMajefty’s reignv intituled, An alt to permit

1 fkrfons prof effing the Jcwifh religion to be \naturauzed by parliament; attd * for other purposes therein mentioned. Cap. 2k For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, byder and perry, for tire fervice of the year one thousand l'cvca hundred and fifty four.

Cap. For tbe betrtr figuring to conftabtes, and others,' the ex pen -ces of conveying offenders to gaol; and for allowing the charges of poor petfons bound td give evidence againft felons.

Cap. 4. For granting an end to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervicoof the year one thouknd feven hundred and fifty four.

Cap. 5. For punching mutiny ond defertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.	* 1

Cap. 6. To repeal a provifo in an adt made in the twentieth year of ► his present MajeftyV reign, tntito* led,-An alt for the bettsrodfnfling and more eafy recovery of the wages - of certain fervants, and for the bet*

*	ter regulation of fuch fervants, and of certain apprentices', which provides that the faid'adt (hail not extend to the ftannaries in Devon and

•	Cornwall.

Cap. 7. For the more effedtual preventing of frauds and abafes com-

•	mined by persons employed m the manufacture of dockland watches.

Cap. 8. For improving and cnlarg-' ing the harbour of Leith, and to empower the truftees therein mentioned to purchafe lands, for that purpofe; and for eredting docks and other conveniences on the fides thereof.

Cap. 9. For punWhing mutiny and defertion or officers and foldiers in the fervice of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Ea/l Indies; and for the pun-ifhment of ofitaces/committed in the Eafi Indies, or at the iftand of

*	Saint Helena.

Cap. 10. For granting to his Majesty a certainTurn of money therein mentioned, out of thefinkingfund* and applying certain furplus monies .remaining m the exchequer, for she fqnrice of the year one thou-

 CjOOQle

A TABfljErefthe STATUTES.

-	fand ferdn hundred urnTfifty foxtf > and j fat the farther difjktfitfacbof

. the ofeid finking fund, bypaying . thereout the remainder of the ftim

-	advanced on the credit of the duty on fweets, and the interest thereof; and far. carrying the (aid duty to

<• the faid fund; and for the further . appropriating the fupplies granted in tbii session of parliament.

Cap. ii. To continue the duties for l encouragement of die coinage of

•	n^oney* and far removing doubts GooQemirfg the continuance of the duty of twenty (hillings for every

«. ton of brandy wines, and ftrong . waters imported.

Cap. 12* For improving and pre-

*	fervfag the navigation from Salter's Lead Sluice in tne county of Nor-

-	folky to Standground Sluice in the

-	county of Huntingdon > and from , flood's ferry inHhe ifle of Ely in the

county of Cambridge, to Ramfey High Load in the faid county of Huntingdon, and alfo the navigation from Old Bedford Sluice in the faid . county of Norfolk, to the river

*	None* in the parish of Ramfeyy in the faid county of Huntingdon.

Cap. 13. T o indemnify per Ions who , hare omitted to qualify thtmfelves for offices and promotions within the time limited by law; and for allowing further time for that purpose. .

Cap. I*. To continue fevcral laws relating to the diftemper now ra~

•	ging among the'horned cattle in this kingdom.

Cap. 15. To explain and amend an adtmade in the ninth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled. An act for the more effectual punijhmg wicked and evil difpojed perfins going armed and difguijed^ and doing injuries and violences to the perfoas and properties .. of bis Majejifs fubjefts; and for the .. jpfody bringing the offenders> to juft ice. Capu >6* For making perpetual (eve-

ral laws far^unifament of.perfans V deft toy ing turnpikes, locks, or o-• ther works eredted by authority of parliament; and that all ads made for eroding courts of conference, lhaH be deemed publick ads; and to impower a certain number of the truftees of the British Muftum to do certain ads; aod for confirm-*

. ing the table of fees to be taken by the clerks to the juftices of die peace far the county of Middkfex\ and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures or contrfds of clerks and apprentices 5 and for filing affidavits of the execution of contra&a of clerks to attornies and folicitors; and for preventing per* fans driving certain carriages from riding upon fuch carriages. *

Cap. 17. For revefting in the crown the power of appointing the marshal of the Marfhaifea of thfe court of King's Bench; and for the better regulation of that office, and of the interior offices thereto belonging; and for rebuilding the King's Bench prifon.

Cap. 18. To continue several laws for prohibiting the importation of , books reprinted abroad, and firft competed or written, and prirtted in Great Britain; for the free Importation of cochineal or indico, and relating to rice, frauds in the cuftoms, the dandeftihe running of goods, and to copper ore; and for the better encouragement of the making of fail cloth id Great Britain and to authorize the payment . of the bounty to Alexander Brawn and others, upon a (hip fitted out for the whale fifhery, and loft in the Greenland feas; and for the more effectual payment of the bounties upon Britijh-tnide daft ) cloth to Robert Donald and others. Cap. 19. For difeharging Tbdcorpo-ration of the governor* baiKflfeand commonalty, of the company, op

con

 L.ooQle

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

confemtort of the great level of the fen*, commonly called Bedford Level, from a debt due to the duke of Bedford) and earl of Lincoln; and for enabling the proprietors of lands hi the North Level, part of the faid great level, to raise money to difcharge the proportion of the feid North Level, In the debts of •the faid corporation; and for afccr-tainine and appropriating the taxes to be laid on the faid North Level \ and for the more effeftual draining and preserving the faid North Level, and divers lands adjoining thereto in the manor of Crowland.

Cap. 20* For the more eafy and ef-feftual proceeding upon diftrefles to be made by warrants of juftices of the peace.

Cap. 21. To continue and render more effectual an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road between Hockcliffe in thecoun-ty of Bedford, and Stony Stratford in the county of Buckingham.

Cap. 22. For enlarging the term and powers granted bv an aft of parliament pafled in tne eleventh year bf the reign of his present Majesty, .for repairing the road leading from the Trent Bridge, in the county of ; the town of Nottingham, through ''Coflock, otherwife Cortlingflock Laney fcto the bridges commonly known ♦ by the name of Cotes Bridges, in the county of Leirejler; and for making the faid aft more effeftual.

Cap. 23. For repairing and widening the road from the city of Pe-terborough, through Oundle and Tbrapfion, to Wellingborough in the county of Northampton.

Cap. 24. For amending, widening and keeping in repair, the road leading from Union Point, near the town of Utkficld in the county of Suffix, to Langruy Bridge in the pa-ti(h of Wejlham in the faid county.

Cap. 25. For the better enlightening and cleaning the open places, Squares, ftreets, lanes, alleys, paf-lagerf, and courts, within the pa-rim of Saint Luke in the county of Middlesex\ and regulating the nightly watch and bedels; and for repairing the highways within the laid parish.

Cap. 26. For enlarging the term apd powers granted by an aft made m the ninth year or his present Ma-jefty’s reign, intituled. An act for repairing and widening the road lead-ing from Saint Dunftan*s Crofs, near the city of Canterbury, to the water fide at W hitftable in the county tf/’Kent.

Cap. 27. To explain, amend, and render more effeftual an act passed In the twenty fixth year of the reign of his prefent, intituled, An act for repairingfeveral roads leading into the city 0/Glafgow.

Cap. 28. For explaining, amending, and rendering more efffeftual, an aft made in the twenty fifth year of his present Majesty’s reign, For repairing and widening the road leading /raw Market Harborough in the county of Leicefter, through Delbo-rough, Rowell, Kettering, Barton Seagrave, and Thrapfton, in the county ^Northampton; and through , Bythorne, Spaldwick, and Ellington, to the Pound in the parijh of Brampton, in the county of Huntingdon.

Cap. 29. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty firft year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repair-

. ing the high road from Piercebridge to Kirkmerrington, in the county of Durham, and from thence to the turnpike road at Tudhoe Lane End m the faid county; and for making the fame more effeftual.

Cap. 30. For repairing and widening the road from the borough of Lei-cefter, to and by the north fide of

the

A TABbtififfikc STATUTES. \

*he tom* rtlJppiugihamwXte faulty 6{fSstmf i and to Wcmfarji ip tbp coi^pty of Northampton; and from thence to Peterborough in the feud county of Northampton*

Cap. 31I For impairing and widening -the road leading from the toll-gate in the pirifh of Ketterings through the town of Wellingborough, in the iCQ^oxy ofNorthampton, and through Oltiey pver Sherrington Bridge, to Newport Pagnell, in the county of Audv, and for repairing and widening, or rebuilding the faid Sherrington Bridge.

Cap. 32. For repairing and widening {he road from a certain mtrench-ment on JslerfweU-kill, oppofite to Chilcombe Farm, through the town , of Bridport to Penn Inn; and from Bridport afore&id to the town of Beamifter, in the county of Z)pr/rf 1 and alfo the road from Pr«/i Inn aforefaid, thnough the town of An-minder^ to the workhoufe at the ' eaft end of the town of HonJton in . the bounty of Devon.,

Op* 33. For repairing and widening the high road from Wefiwood-gaU, in the parish of Knotting,, in the county of Bedford, through the , towns of Rujbdon and Higham Ferrers, and oyer Artkborougk-bridge, to the turnpike road hi Barton-Stagnate- Lane, in the pari(h pf , Bartan-Seagraviy in the county of Northampton.	.

Cap. 34. For repairing and widening the high road from a place called Sains Loyds, in the town of Bedford, through the parifhe* of Bromham, Stagjden, A/lmod, Harkmead and Cbichley, to the way ppft in Sherrington Field, where the faid road joins the high road from, the town of Olney to the town of Newport Pagnelh, and alfo the high road from Bromham aforefaid, through , the pariflves pfTurvtyznd Colebray-fald, to the town of Lat^nden, Other-wiit Lavenden, in the counties of

Bedford and Buckingham \ and for Applying, part of the money arising thereby towards repairing, rebuilding or widening, Sherrington Bridge •in the road from the faid way pw# to the faid town of Newport Pag-nell.

Cap. 35. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer brewed for fale, vended or fold within the town and barony of Alloa, in the county of Clackmannan; and alfo a duty of anchorage for (hips and veflels anchoring in the harbour of the faid town, for repairing the pier of the (aid harbour.

Cap. 36. For repairing and widening the roads from the borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the county of	through	Alcejlerin the

faid county, and Feckenham, to a place called Bradley Brook, in the county of IVorceJler; and from Al~ cefler through Great Caught on and Crabs Cro/s, in the faid county of Warwick', and throughHewellLam and Bur cot t, to the Croft of hands on a common called the Lcekbay, and out of Hewell Lane through Church Imho and Tutnell to Bromfa grove, in the faid county of Wor-cejlcr*

Cap. 37. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an ad made in the eighth year or the reign of hi» present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the town of Rochdale in the county palatine of LancajUr, leading over a certain craggy ‘mountain called Blackfiouq Edge in the fame county; and from tlienee to the towns of Halifax and Ealand in the county of York.

Cap. 38. For the better relief and employment of the poor in the parish of Saint Nicholas Deptford in the county of Kent, and in the pariflt of St. Pavl> Deptford, in the counties

 CjOOQle

A TABLE of Ae ST^TOTEX

of font and Surey; and for repairing the highways, and paving and cleaofing the ftreets, in the ibid parifhes.

Cap. 39. For repairing and widening the road from the north end of Bridgeford Lane in the county of Nottingham, to and through ieveral towns and places in the counties of Nottinglsam, Leicejler, Rutland, and through Rockingham, to the Bowling Green at Kettering in the county of Northampton.

Cap. 40. For opening, making, widening, and keeping in repair, a road fxomRadclijfHighway ythrovi^ti Cannons Street in the county of Mid-dlefexy into the road leading into the county of EJfex; and ajfo from the weft end of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shad-wellJlreet into the back lane in the faid county of MiddUfex.

Cap. 41. For amending and widening several roads, leading from the borough of Truro in the county of Cornwall.

Op. 42. For repairing and widening

-	the road from Leicejler to Narbo-

-	rough* and from Leicejler to Coventry,. and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick* and from thence

• to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon* and . from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter, leading towards Sfaneleigh Town;

_ and for fupplying an dmiffion in an -acl paflfcd in the laft felfion of parliament for repairing the road from Leicejler to Ajhhy de la Zoucb in the county of Leicejler.

,, Private ARs.

-	' Amo 27 Georgii II.

1.	An a61 to enable John Grainger -efcjuirc, and his heirs to take and Ufe the furname of Leman, and to ^bear the arms of Sir William Leman deecafed.

2.	An act for naturalizing John Ifaoc Jiaxin, Lewis Ogiery Peter Guinardy and others.

3.	An act for naturalteinjg Frederick Von Gebren.

4.	An act for naturalizing Cafper Qrevenkop.

, 5. An act for confirming; and eftab-lifhing an exchange agreed upon between the vicar of Gilltngi and James Sbuttleworth efquire, of certain lands and hereditaments in the county of York, and for other pur-pofes therein mentioned.

4.	An act for veiling the estate of William Kemp efquire, deceafed, in truftees, to be fold purfuant to articles, and for applying the puf-chafe-money for the benefit or the children of the faid William Kemp^ in fucK manner as is dire&ed by the faid articles.

7.	An act to impower the committee of the estate of Elizabeth Kitchen widow, a lunatick, one of the fif-ters and coheirs of Sir Samuel Newman baronet, deceafed, to make leafes of her estate during her ty-nacy.

8.	An act for dividing and Indexing part of a certain watte or common*. called Symondbum Common in the manor and parish of Symonbumy in the county of Northumberland.

9.	An act for dividing and inclofing the common fidds, common pastures, common raeado ws, common pieces, common grounds, and wafte ground, in the manor and parish of Welton9 in the county of Northampton.

10.	An act for dividing and inclofing Great Sbildon Common, or Shildon Moor.y within the manor and barony of Bywelly in the county of Northumberland.

11.	An act for eftabliftiing and rendering effe&ual certain articles of agreement for inclofirig and dividing the common fields, and common grounds in the manor and parish of Normantony in the county of Lincoln.

12.	An act to enable thccommifti-

oners

^Arf AlftErof the STATUTES.

.	fi?c .«fcWDg, the office of

trafuref of nu Majesty s exchequer, or the Jqrd high treasurer for the time 'being, to compound with ‘Thoms r Satire,	and

Eahfi.&tl•enfona debt due to the crown from Philip	,	for

which they arc furetiee.

Ij. Ah aA to enable John Lade,hercto-forcc*Ue«t^A/* Inskip, and the heirs male or fits body, to take and ufe the fyname of Lade only, purfu-ant to the will of Sir John Lade, baronet, dtceafed.

14. An a<St for naturalizing Daniel Maurgiu, merchant, and Amy Ril-liet,

>5. An act for naturalizing John Vl-

rit CmmertU.

it. An act for naturalizing Paul Bi-

17.	An act to enable William lord Cawndfjbof Hardw, to take in England the oath of office of high treasurer of Ireland, and to qualify himfelf here in England for the legal cqjoyment of the faid office.

18.	An a£t for fale of a capital mef-fuage in Lincoln's Inn fields, in the panlhofSaint GiUsin the Fields % in tbe county of Middlesex, and the garden ground and out-houfes thereunto belonging (part of the estate of the molt noble CharUs late duke of Somerfet, deceafed) and vetting the fame in Edmund Browne of Lincohts Inn efquire, and his heirs for ever, and for laying out the purchafe-money in lands and

. hereditaments to be fettled to the like ufes, and upon the like trutts, as the faid capital mefluage and premifles are now fettled, and fub-jedt urtto.

19 An afor vetting the manor of Hkndcn, ‘fettled on the marriage of the ear! and countefs bf Powis on them and their iffue, in trufteet, to be fold towards difeharging the debts and incumbrances of Wiliam Vo*: XXL —

. late,o?arquis of Powis; and for feN tlrng the barony and Iordfhip of

: Powisy in the county of Montgomery, in lieu, thereof; and for othef purposes therein mentioned. 1

20.	An a<S for rectifying a miftikelr* a conveyance in fee-farm, made by Henry Arthur carl of Powis, of tne manor of Mount Eagle Loyal, and divers towns, lands and hereditaments, in theepunty of Kerry, and making the fame conveyance effectual for the purposes therein mentioned.

21.	An a<ft for vetting divers lands and hereditaments in the county of Somerfety contra&ed to be fold by

. Hugh late earl of Clinton, in his life-time, in truftefes, to enable them to convfey the fame to the fc-veral purchafers thereof, pursuant to their contracts.

22.	An adk for impowering truftees to cut down and fell timber (landing and growing upon the estate of inheritance of Thomas James lord Bulkeley, vifeount Cajhehy in the kingdom of Irelandy an infant, in order to raise money for difebarg-ing incumbrances affetfting the faid eftate, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

23.	An aett to enable Charles Fltxrey Scudamore efquire, to take in Great Britain the oath of office as cur-fitor, or clerk, or ingrofler of original writs Hilling out of his Ma-jefty’s high court of Chancery in the kingdom of Irelandy and to qualify himfelf for the enjoyment of the faid office.

24.	An a& for veiling the estate of George Pitt efquire in the county of Suffolk, and part of his estate in the ifle of Purbecky in the county of Dorfety in truftees, to fell the fame* and to apply the purch^ft~ money for difeharging incutnbran* ces aneAing his fettled eftate, and for making recompence to him for the charges and expenses or making

A TABLE of the

making buildings and improve-[ meets upoiV the fame eftate.

25.	An act for veiling the undivided fixth part of Robert Colebrobk* £f-,Guif e, of and in the manor of Gold-fione, and divers lands in theparifli 61 AJh in the county of Kent, rin truftees, and their heirs, to enable them to make fuch conveyances thereof, as Avail be neceflary for effeding a partition agreed upon between the laid Robert Colebrooke, and the owners of the other undivided parts of the fame manor and premifles.

26.	An act for impowerin^ Ann Speke an infant, to make leafes and co-pyhdld grants of her eftates in the county of Somerfet, during her minority, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

27.	An act for fale of the fettled eftates of Sir Theopbilus Biddulphbz-ronet, in the county of Stafford, and city and county of the city of Litchfield, for railing money to dif-charge incumbrances affeaing the . fame, and for laying out the fur-

plus in the purchafe of other lands, to be fettled to the ufes therein mentioned.

28.	An act for veiling certain eftates of Sir Ifaac Lawrence Woollafion baronet, an infant, fituate in the ifle of Ely, and counties of Cam-

. bridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, and Norfolk, in truftees, to be fold or mortgaged, to raise money for the payment of his lifters portions, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

20.	An act for veiling the eftates erf John Rowel Pryce efquire in the county of Montgomery, comprised in his marriage articles, in truftees, to raise money by fale of part there-' of, for difeharging incumbrances affeding the fame, and for fettling other part thereof purfuant to the faid articles’.

.30. An a<ftfor Yelling a leafe granted

STATUTES,

by the dean and chapter of Canterbury, to JfnnTenifon wfdbw, decea-fed, of the manor of Elverton, with the appurtenances, in the county of Kent, in Peter Sat fit and Samuel Smith, in trull For ^Thomas Teni/on, an infant, and his heirs, and for other plurpofes therein mentioned.	<

31.	An act for fale of part of the fettled eftates of Robert Bdrber efijafre, for difeharging debts and incuhi-brances, and for impowering him to fell and exchange other parts of the fettled eftates for the purcha* ling and acquiring other lands of equal or greater value, to Be fettled in lieu thereof.*

32.	An act for exempting and exonerating the eftater de^ifed by the will of William Huidlefion efquire, deceafed, to be fold, from the jointure on Gertrude Rigby, wife of Townley Rigby efquire, and for charging an amiuity or rent-charge of equal value on the eftates entailed by the faid will, and more effectually to enable the truftees of the faid William Huddtefton to execute the trulls repofed in them by the faid will.

33.	An act for eftablifhing and rendering effedual several fettlements and agreements made and entered into by Hugh Barker the younger, efquire, deceafed, for making a provision for his mother and wife, and their children refpedively.

34.	An act for veiling part of the estate of Charles Daly efquire, in the kingdom of Ireland, intruftee9 to be fold for the payment of incumbrances affeding the lime, prior to his marriage fettjement.

35.	An act to diflblve the marriage of Charles Wymondefold Efy vthh Henrietta Knight his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

36.	An act to diflblve the marriage of Peter Henley efquire, with Sufannah

^Roberts

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

* Retorts his now wife, and to enable him to. marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

37.	An act to diffolve the marriage of John Maydwell with Catherine Perrin his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

38vAn act for naturalizing Mary Nwiitr widow, and for qualifying and enabling her, out of the estate depifed by the will of John Noguier her hufband, to make a provifion for Anthony Noguier her only fon and heir.

39. An for naturalizing Charles Sbreiber and Jean Francois Maxi-millwuji Cerjat.

Amo 28 Georgii H.

Cap. 1. For the relief of the out-penfioners of the royal hofpital at Chelfea.

Cap, 2. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty five.

Cap. 3. To indemnify members of cities, corporations, and borough towns, who have neglected to take the oatfis of office, and to (lamp their admiffions; and for allowing them further time for thole purpofes.

Cap. 4. For punifhine mutiny and defertion ; and for tne better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. For granting an aid to his Msgefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty five 5 and for the relief of the inhabitants of certain places in the county of Lincoln, in refpeft of arrears ot the land tax.

Cap. 6. For taking away mortuaries in the archdeaconry ot Chejler, ^nd giving a recompenc* therefore to

the hi (hop of Cktjler as archdeacon of Chejlery who holds and enjoys the faid archdeaconry in right of. his fee.

Cap. 7. Concerning the offices of meriff depute and fteward depute,. in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 8. For making navigable the river or brook called Sankey Brook, and the three several branches thereof, from the river Merfey below' Sankey Bridges, up to Board-man's (tone bridge on the fouth branch, to Gerard's bridge on the middle branch thereof, and to Penny Bridge on the north branch thereof, all in the county palatine of Lancajier 5 and alfo for adjusting the meafure of coal, to be brought down the faid river or brook, and fold within the town of Liverpool, in the faid county.

Cap. 9. To prevent the holding of any market for the future in the high ftreet of the borough of South-

. wark in the county of Surry.

Cap. 10. For allowing further time for inrolmeot of deeds and wills made by papifts j and for relief of proteftant purchafers.

Cap. 11. For the regulation of his Majesty’s marine forces while on (bore.

Cap. 12. To explain and amend a clause in an act made in the fifth year of the reign of Queen Annet intituled, An act for the better pre-fervation of the game, in relation to the felling or offering to fale any game.

Cap. 13. For relief of infolYent debtors.

Cap. 14. For further explaining, a-mending, and rendering more effectual, an act made in the twenty third year of the reign of his pre-fent Majesty, intituled. An atl for the encouragement of the Britilh white

, herring fjhery \ and for giving further encouragement for the'carry-b 2	ing



A TABLE of the STA^T liS.

' ing on the (aid fifhery; and for " other purposes therein mentioned. Cap. 15. For granting to his Majesty the sum of one million, to be raified by a lottery.

Gap. r6. For the better (apply of manners and fcamento ferve in his Majesty’s (hips of war, and on board merchant (hips, and other trading (hips and vefiels.

Cap. 17. To amend an ad made in the twenty fixth vear of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act for the amendment and prefer-vation of the pvbfok highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom; and for the more effeftual execution of the laws relating thereto.

Cap. 18. To continue feVeral laws relating to the didem per now ra-. ging among the horned cattle in 4 this kingdom.

Cap. 19. For making perpetual an ad pafled in the twenty fifth ye*r of the reign of his present Majesty, ' for the better preventing thefts and robberies, and for regulating places of publick entertainment, and pu« nifhing persons keeping diforderly houfes; for the further punilhing persons felling ale or other liquors without licence; for the prevent-~ ing the burning or deftroying of gofs, furze, or fern, in forefts or ' chacts; for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to t>e paid for the indentures or con-* trads of clerks and apprentices, and for the filing of affidavit* of the execution of contracts of clerks to - 1 attomies and folicitors.

' Cap. 20. For continuing, explaining, ' and amending, the" several a<fts of —* parliament made for the further encouragement of the whale fifoery carried on by his Majesty’s fub-*"r jedta; and to authorize the pay-' ^1 ment of the bounty to Thomas Hood and others, upon three (hips fitted out for the faul fifhery, and loft in the Greenland Seas.

C*p>*uFor making mpreeffetfua! the laws prohibiting tfte importation of fpirituous l^uprs in calks or vefiels not combining £xty gallons, andLof tea above the quantity of fix pounds, found on ward any Briti/kQup or vcflel* not belonging to, or employed by, the Baft India company*

Cap* 22* For granting to fris Majesty a certain fum of money therein mentioned , out of the linking fund ; and applying certain monies re-• training in the exchequer, for-the service of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty five ; and for carrying the furplus of certain duties to the finkingfund; and for the further appropnatfog the fup-plies granted in this fdEan of parliament.

Cap. 2£ To enable the churchwardens, overfeers, and inhabitants of the parish of Saint Saviour, in the borough of Southwark^ in the county of Surry, to hold a njarket within the faid parifti, not interfering with the high ftreet in the fajd borough.	, '

Cap. 24. To indemnify perfpns who have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and promotions within the time limited by law; and for allowing further time for that pur-pofei

Cap* 25. For continuing an a<&, intituled, An act for enoeuragvig the making ^flndico in the JBritamplant a-ttonsw America.

Cap. 26. For repairing and widening the road from the high bridge in the town of Ramfey in the county of Huntingdon, through King’s Rip-ten^ to the weft end of Saint Peter’s Lane in the parifti of Saint rfobn% within the borough of Huntingdon. Cap. 27. For ex^ainira,, amending, and making more efjeftual several a<Ss of parliament^; relating to the maintenance and employment of the poor of the town of Kingfion

upon

?f the STATUTES. ufeqHull', and for better paving. Cap. 33. For repairing the road from

pirefyHffiiirid etonfing the (tree's, fqtisrfes, Tan^ and alleys m foe feid IWit, ahd preventing obftrufbdns thefeiri 5 and for preferving the . lamps. Which shall be fct up to enlighteiTtbe ftreets of the faid tWtt> ^^ f«curing the property of r filch htmps to the owners, fjap. pA. For repairing and widening N ufe road from Sutton in the county , of Sutsy, through the borough of Peigdlti by Sim&w Mill> to Povey ,'Cr6p> and from Sutton aforefeid, through tCkram, and over Howell Mill to Ewell; and alfo the road irota Tadwortby by the Wind-Mill\ to the bottom of Pebble HiH in the foid anmty.

Cap. 29. For continuing and rendering more effectual an ad pafTed in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An ait . for continuing the duty of twopennies Scots, or one Jixth of a penny Jier-lingy on every pint of ale and beer* that Jball be vended or Jold within the city ef Gfefgow, and for extending the fame over the villages of Gorbeis and Port Glafgow, and privileges thereof for the benefit of the faid city and villages.	f

Cap. 30. To continue and render more effectual two ads of parliament pafTed in the fixth and twelfth years of the reign of his late ma-jefty King George y for repairing the roads from Stevenage in thecounty of Hertford, to Biglefwade in the county of Bedford; and for repairing the roads from the north end of the faid roads to the toil-gate at the north end of the faid town of Biglefwade:

Cap. 31. For repairing and widening the several roads therein mentioned, leading to, through, and from the town of Monmouth.

Cap. 32. For eftablithing, maintaining, and well governing a nightly

m

teb within the city ot Brifol.

A lO	’*	.

the north end of Brown's Lane in Great Stoughton in the county of Huntington, through Kimbolton and Higbam FerrerSy to the way port near Wellingborough Bridge in the county of Nortbamptony and from . the pound in Kimboliont to the way poft in Great Catworth Field* near Brington Bridge in the feid county of Huntingdon.

Cap. 34.. For ere&iflg and building a new chapel in the town of Wolverhampton in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 35. For repairing the road from a certain place in Bury in thecoun* tv of Huntingdeny through Warboys* Old Hurfty Saint IveSy Hilton% Elti-fleyy Warefleyy Gmlingay and Pot-ton* to a houfe called the Spread Eagle in Stratton withiu the several counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge and Bedford,

Cap 36. To continue and render more effedual several ads for repairing the road from Stump,Crofs to Newmarket Heathy and the town of Cambridge^ for repairing the road from Feulmire to Cambridge r and for repairing other ruinous parts of the highways adjacent to the road from Foulmire to Cambridge.

Cap. 37. For the better enlightening and cleaning the open places, fquares, ftreets, lanes, alleys, paf-fages and courts within the piriih of Saint Bartholomew the Great % London ; and regulating the jjightly watch and beadles within the faia parifti.

Cap. 38. For the better relief and employment.of the poor of the fow rough of Dunbevedy otberwife tpun-uftony and parilh pf S*i Magdalen in the county pf Cornwall.•	.

Cap. 39. For enlarging t.h$ term and powers granted by ail ad of the twenty fourth year of his; present Majesty V reign, intituled* An eft



b 3

for



A TABLE ef tte STATUTES.'1

for repairing the high roads in the county ^/’Edinburgh, to and from the city of Edinburgh, and from Craift-friond Bridge to the town ^/Queen’s ‘ Ferry in the county ^Linlithgow 5 : and for making the faid aft more effeftual.

Cap. 40. For repairing and widening the road from the town of Market Harborough in the county of Lei-cefter, through the town of Lutterworth in the faid county, to the city of Coventry.

Cap. 41. For enlightening the ftreets and lanes, and regulating the pavements, in the town of Leeds in the county 6f York.

Cap. 42. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft parted in the ninth year of the reigA of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads leading from Henley Bridge in the county of Oxford, to Dor-chejler Bridge, and from thence ta Culham Bridge, and to a place called Mile-Jlone, in the road leading to Magdalen Bridge in the faid county, and for widening the faid roads; and alfo for repairing and widening the roads leading from the end of Culham Bridge next to Culham in the county of Oxford, to the end of Burford Bridge next lo Abingdon in the county of Berks, and from the Major's Stone at* the end of the Boar Street in the town of Abingdon aforefaid, to Sbipton in T* the faid county of Berks, and from thence to the weft end of the town ■ * of Yyfield in the fame county.

Cap. 43. For eftablifhing ana maintaining a ferry acrofs the river ' Thames, between the hamlet of Rdfctijfin the county of Middlesex, and the parish of Rotkerkiibe in the county of Surry.

Cap. 44. For repairing and widening , thb road from Bafingflckc, through JVortiy, Qvcr tor;, Whitchurch, Hurfiber n Prysrs, Andover and Middle H'allop in the county of Southamp-

ton, io n place called Lobcomb Corner in the partfh of Winterfiow in the county of Wtks.

Cap. 45. For widening land repairing the road leading from Horfiarh in the county of Suffer, through Ca-poll, Dorking, Mickleham and Leather head, to *he watch-houfe in Ebbijham in the county of Surry; and from Capell, to Stem Street in the parish of Ockley in the laid county of Su^ry.

Cap. 46. For repairing andvridfiting the roads leading fiwn the Crofis of Hand, near Finfori Bridge in the county of Warwick, through the town of Southern in the &t*e«6on-ty, to the borough of Banbury in tne County of Oxford, and froto the Guide Pojtin the village of Adder-bury in the fame county, through KidHngton, to the Miii-way leading towards the city cA Oxford \ ana alfo the road leading from a place called the Two Mile Tree near the city of Oxford, over Goiford, other-wife Goffard Bridge, to a certain gate entering upon Wejlon on the

' Green m the Add county.

Cap. 47. For repairing and widening the road from The Hand and Poft at the top of Burford Lane in the county of Gloucejler, to Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Halford Bridge in the county of Warwick; and alfo the road from The Crofs Hands on Salford Hill, to The Hand and Poft in the parHh of Dowdef-well in the county of Gloucejler.

Cap. 48. For repairing and widening the roads therein mentioned, lying within the borough of Droitwicb in the county of Worcefter, or leading from the faid borough, to the fe-veral places therein mentioned in the faid county.

Cap. 4I3. For tejfeirihg and widening the road from Chudleigh Bridge in the parish of Hcnnock in theeounty of Devon, through the topm and borough of Afibburton, -to Brent

Bridge

ATUT£ s.

BWi^/ mvthe pariihof South Brent iiitbc&id county.

Cap. 50. For amending and widtn-in§ Re loads from the weft end pf TaUerLanei, near Bradford* through J&ip*rAMn the county of Ur<i, to 'aplace called JSJk* #*//, qeax Colne m tbe coumy .of Lasvafler, and firom !a phoe called the 5futf Laws, i to ASgi^in the faid county of ^Yatdb ^' \

Cap. $1. For repairing and widening ; the road from THrfle, ewer Sbiptou Bridge, through BoUerJby, to Bal-derfby Gate, adjoining to. Hatton M&r in the way to	and

thraagh Ainderby 9uernbm and

-	Wdlfffybes Gate, to Meffsam in the county of York\ and Jdtemfe for removing the toll-hodk and turnpike-gates at Bufiy

-	Stabb in the laid county,. to fome • other convenient place in die road . < kpding from Borough Bridge to the

-	: tdty of Durham.

Cape 52. For amending, altering, continuing, and making more effectual two aftsef parliament made in the fccond and feventeen th years of his present Majesty’s reign, for repairing the roads from CoUJbBVwc the county of Warwick, through the city of Litchfield, to Stem in the

-	county of Stafford, and from thence to the city of CbeJUr, and several other roads in the faid alts mentioned; and for enlarging the term and powers in the faid several afts.

Cap. 53*. For repairing and widening die road from Rochdale to Burnley m the county of Lanccfhr*

Cap. 54. To enable the teverend WiU Ham Markham doctor of laws, and stomas Salter elquire, to build houfes, and open a fqupre in and upon a certain pitceef ground called Dean's Yard Wtfiminfter, and several pieces of ground contiguous thereto.

. Cap. 55; For building a bridge over die .water or haven between: the

‘ A -

town of Sandwich, and the oppolite Ihore in the county of Kent.

Cap* 56. To enable the pariftiioners of the parifti of the HolyTrinity% in Guldeford in the county of Surry,

. to fell divers houfes, lands, rents and annuities in the faid parifti, and in Stoke next Guldeford a fore faid ; and to apply the money arifing by fale thereof, towards rebuilding their parish church, and for other • purpofrs therein mentioned.

Cap. 57. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the rogds from Epfom, through Ewell, < to Tooting, and from Ewell, to Kyig-Jlon upon Thames, and Thames Die-ton in thccounty of Surry•

Cap, 58. For repairing and widening . the roafts from the town of Man* chejier, by a place called the White Smithy iqthetownfhipof Crumpfal, to the town of Rochdale, and from r.. the frid place called the White Smithy^ by a place called BeJJes of the Barn, to the town of Bury, and r from the faid place called Bejps of the Barn, to Raddiffe Bridge in the county palatine of Lancajler,

Cap. 59. For repairing, widening,

, and amending the road from Gpck-ing End, near Addingham in the weft riding of the county of Yprk, through Kildtuuk, to Black Lane End in the county palatine of Lau-cajler.

Cap. 60. For repairing and widening the roads from the town of Leeds in the weft riding of the couqty of York, through Otley, Skiptpn, Colne, Burnley and Blackburn, to Rurfcough - Bridge in Walton in the. county of Lancajler, and'from Skipton, thro* Gifburn and Clitheroe, to Pro jlon in the faid county of Lan^affer*

Private Afts9j

Anno 27 6f 28 Georgii IF feff

An act for naturalizing.Peter Michael Morin

b 4	Anne

11

A TABLE of tke S^TATiTTE A

J*M2B Georgii II. feff. 2.

Jr. An act for dividing and incloling ' the common fields, common pa-ifures, common meadows, common grounds, and waftc ground,

' in {he manor and parish or Great *' Uarborougb in the county of Warwick.

Hi An act for naturalizing Arnold Mel-lo, John Swiceard Heinzelmann and

*	• James Banal.

3.	An act for veiling Montagu houfe in truftees, and their heirs, freed ind difcharged from all the eftates, ufes and agreements, to which at

*	prefent it (lands limited and ap-* pointed, upon truft, to convey the

fame -to the truftees of the Britijb jMufeum, for a general repofitory, and uponfuch other trails as therein are mentioned.

4,	An act to impower the executors of Auguflus, late earl of Berkeley, to make leafes of his eftates in Gloucejlerjhire,, during the minority of his children.

$. An act for veiling a copyhold mcfliiage or tenement in the county of Middlesex% with the appurtenances, deviled by the will or Mary, late duchefs of Northumberland, in truftees, to enable them to fell and Convey the fajne to the lady Jane Cokt, purfuant to an agreement for that purppfe, and for laying out the money arifing by fiich fale in the

i)urchafe of another eftate, to be etrled to theufes appointed by the 'J; faid will.

-6; An act for confirming and efta-blifhing an agreement between the principal of Saint Mary Magdalen Mall 'in the univerfity of 'arid Ellis Saint .John clerk, for exchanging the advowfon of the „church of	Southmoret in the coun-

ty of Berks, for the alternate pre-feniation of the church of Firuham -•	fiead in the faid county,

f. An act for exchanging of lands between the mayor and commonalty

and citwens of <Ke:«ky;o(-London, governors of	Chrift’s Htfpfal,. and

John Leman cfqmre. ■	■

$. An act for expiainingond wi&king more eflfeftual a power contained in the will of Sir

baronet, for making leafes-of his several eftates in the counties- of Devon and Cornwall.

9.	An act for fale of partofthe eftate

late of Sir Thoms	o»et,

deceafed, in the countie»-of Glamorgan and Somerfet, -for dribbarg-ing incumbrances affefting the fame, and for a divifien and Settlement of other part thereof, andfor other purposes therein mentioned.

10.	An act for felling part of tbeen-tailed estate of Sir fitary Ibbotfon baronet, and vefting other part thereof in him in fee-fimple, end for laying out the money anting by fuch fale in the pturchafe « other lands, to be fettled? together with fotne other lands, whereof he is felted infee, in lieu of the lands lb to be lold, and for otber purposes therein mentioned.

it. An act for confirming and efta-bl idling the partition of the eftate^ late of Sir George Cbndkigb, and dame Frames his wife,

Davie, and John PoUexfon efcjuire, and for fettling the several fpeofick (hares thereof, refulting from the faid partition, to andfor the several ufes and purposes for which the several undivided parts thereof were vefted and fettled before the faid partition, and for authorising leafes to be made of divers parts of the premifles.

12. An act for eftabhfhing and confirming . a partition of the eftates late of Stephen Neribleigb efquire, and Margaret bis wife, Sufatina Yards widow, dame Frames leighl and Trypbena Davie fpinfter, and for fettling the several fpecifick thares and allotments thereof upon and for the benefit of the feveral parties

STATUTES

pifodsittfoledto tHelSviefcil dftdi-’. yidtti tinkts at tHfe HM cftates, before the find pattitibn* and for dthvr^tfrgbfes therein mentioned. *13;	veftmg divers lands,

ratantAts ahd hereditaments in the

-	• cdfumy^rf Cambridge) fetrtedbn the Jo m*tttog*affpettrLsheiip theybung-

er, efquire, in trainees, td be fold purfuant to articles,

* r andfor •raying out the purchafc-- xhoher finJanother eftate, to be v fettled to the ufeS of his marriage fettfemerttv -Ah udfor teftirfg certain hoiifes 'ic and ttnemehrsat WeHdoveYxn the ^minty of Bucksy late the estate of

-	John 'HkrndnI cfoufire, in trbftees,

v* tobefoMj and for applying the ‘ purctofe money ih fbch manner as > the rofehie of his perfenal estate is r' by* hlcPwHTdirected to be applied. 75. A* »A for’the fete of several e-r (hot* of	Stansfeld cfquirc in

eo feie'CitfAty ofTori, and for hying 5 outthe tnbney anting by (ueh fale

^io thepurehafeof other eftates in the faidtaftihty Of Tbtk> to be fet-^ tied to the tike ufes. j6; At3Pd& for fate of certain meffu-•gea, fends and hereditaments in the courttirof Worteftery late the estate of Yhorrtas Afofin deceafed, purfpant to an agreement, and for • applying themoney arifing thereby, for aKfcharghlg incumbrances af-fedirtg the fame,1 and for other purpoforttteftin mentioned.

17.	An adt for rectifying and fiipply-ing several defcds and omiffions in certain -common recoveries, fuffer-ed by Edward Spelman efquite.

18.	Afl^for rectifying and fdpply-m» atmftafce and omiffion m a a fetttemeht made of the estate of Mary Blhtitt widow, on the marriage of Edmond Blewitt, her eldeft fon, and for fettling the (aid estate orv hit iffoo ; mala,' and for rafting

. * portions for ttfa yhunger brothers.

19.	Afc*dfc :for* v#ftfcig; part* Of the

I

fettled eftates of Prdumeh Kirkham, and Damaris his wife, in truftees,

*' to be fold for payment of incumbrances affcding the fame, prior to their marriage fettlement; and for laying out the ftirpius, if any,

* in the purchafe of other lands, to be fettled to the ufes of the lame fettlemdnt. ao. An act for dividing and inclofing the common field and brecks in the manor and parish of Bran-chafer in the county of Norfolk^

- and for extinguifoing the fevcral rights of common and foeep-walk over the faid field and brecks, and over certain Half-year Clofcs and pieces of common in the faid manor and parifh, and for granting another right of common to the owners of certain dwelling-houfes in the manor and parish aforefaid.

21.	An act for dividing and inclofing the common fields and certain lands lying difperfed in the Half-year Clofes belonging to the manor of Swanton with Warthingy within the pari foes of Swanton Morley and Worthing in the county of Norfolk, and for extinguifoing the several rights of common and fheep-walk over the faid fields and Half-year Clofes, and over certain lands called the Brecks, lying within the faid manor and parifhes.

22.	An act to confirm and eftablifh an agreement for dividing and .inclofing several fields, meadows,pa-ftures, moors and greens'in the lordfoip of Stillingfleet in the county of Yorky and for fettling certain yearly payments to the* impropriators of the redory, and to foe vicar of SiiLlugfeot aforefaid, in lieu of the great and (mail tythcs: belonging to the faid redory and vicarage.

23.	An act for dividing and inclofing the common fields, common pa-r ftures, wafte grounds, and, commonable lands in the parish of Kenilworth

A TABLE of the S*TATUTE&

milworih m the county of Warwick*,

fep Aa ad for dividing and inelofing tbe common: fields, common pa-ftures, common meadows, com-, mon grounds, and wafte ground in the manor and parish of Church-,flwr in the county of Warwick*

45.	An act for dividing and indofing several open fields and paftures or . commons in the townfhip of Slings-by in the county of York+ ofi. An act to confirm and eftablifh , an agreement for dividing and in-4 doling several fields, meadows, and a cow-pafture in Knighton in the county of Leicefter.

27. An act for dividing and indofing several open fields and paftures or commons in the townfhip of Nun-t burnholme in the county of York*

48.	An act for dividing and indofing the common fields, common paftures, common , meadows, common grounds, and wafte grounds

, in the manor and parish of Norton by Daventry in the county of Nor-. tbqmpton.

49.	An act for dividing and indofing certain waftes and commons in the manor of Calverly in the weft riding of the county of York.

30.	An act for the indofing, dividing, and exchanging the common fields, common meadows, and other grounds in the townfhips of Mctrjk and Redcarr, within the

. manor of Morjk in Cleveland in the north riding of the county of York\ and for providing a certain recommence to the vicar of Marjk, in lieu yof his tythes, and the greateft part of his glebe.

31.	An act to enable John Freflon cfquire, and the heirs of his body, to take and ufe the furname and arms of Scrivener»

31. An act to enable Samuel Blackwell, heretofore called Samuel Kelluan% and his heirs, to take and ufe the furname of BlackweU only, t porfu-

i

ant to the mil of Jonathan Black-well dcocafed,. and to hear, the like

, arms which were borne by the Slid Jonathan BlackweU*

33.	'An act to enable Alexander Ready efquire, and his ifiue by Sophia his wife (late Sophia Edwards)' to take and ufe the furname of Colfto% purfuant to tbe will of Edward Colflon efquire, deccafed, and to bear the like arms which wore borne by the faid Edward Coifton*

34.	An act to enable Theodore Henry Brinkman efquire, to take and ufe the furname of Broadheadi purfuant to the will of Henry Broad-head efquire, dec eafed.

35.	An act to enable Wenrrum Coke9 heretofore called IVenman Roberts efquire, and bis ifluo male, to take the furname of Coke only, purfuant to the diredion of the will of Sir Edward Coke baropet, deccafed; and that the (aid Wtnman Coke* and his iftiie male, may bear the arms of the faid Sir Edward Coke*

36.	An act to enable William Lowndes Stone*fquire, lately called William Lowndes the younger, efquire, and Catharine his wife, and others there* in named, to take- and ufe the fur-name, and bear the arms of Stone, purfuant to the will of Francis Lowe efquire, deccafed*

,37. An act to enable Chriflopher Soulf-by efquire, now called Chriflopher Reed9 and his heirs, to take and ufe the furname and arms of Reed.

.3ft. An ad to, enable the honourable Harbottle Grinflon efquire, and the heirs of his body, to take and ufe the furname of Lucky* > purfuant to the wills of Sir Harbettle Luciyn baronet, and Edward Lutkyn cfq; deceafed.

39.	An act for naturalizing Otto E-tvald Seiler, Albert Mahlflede and John Conraid Heinztlmann♦

40.	An act for naturalising Frederick Nujfen.

41.	An act to enable his Majesty to

grant

 

A TJLBIT&ifS^ST'AWfES,

1 f&itthuvevertoii of dfrett tattds and hereditaments in tfteeountyof #rJ, ift tnift for' Richard Crowle efquire, in exchange for houfes and lands near his MajeftyY palace of Windfor, and for other confidera-tion to be paid for the feme.

4*. An tft^fbr eftablilhing an exchange of diver? lands and' tythes iti Mytto in the county of York, for other tands and hereditaments in the faid county, purfuant to an

' agreement between the lord arch-bifhop vrf York; as appropfiator;

* the bithop of Norwich, leflee of the re&ory 5 and Henry Herd clerk, vicarof thepafifti church ; and Sir Bryan Staplyten, lord of the manor -ofMytotaforefaid.

43< An act for confirming artd efta-Wifhingan exchange of divers lands in Little Leake in the county of Nottingham., purfuart to an agreement between Francis lord Middle-ten, and Robert Bird, efquire, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

44.	An a6k for veiling the fettled estate of Sir John Dutton Colt baronet, in truftees, to be fold for dif-charging several incumbrances af-fefting the fame; and for laying out the furplus of the money ariiingby fuch fale, in the purchafe of other lands* to be fettled to the fame ufes.

45.	An act to impower Edward Walter efquire, and divers other persons claiming under the wills of his grandfather and brother relpeftive-fy, to make leafcs of the several lands and hereditaments purchafed, and to be purchafed, since the will of Peter Walter the grandfather, and in purfuanceof the fame.

46.	An act for verting the fettled e-ftateof Edmund Bramjlon efquire, and Henrietta Maria his wife, in trnftees, for railing federal futns of money for difcharging portions charged upon' the fame, and for

©thef purposes therein mentioned.

47.	An act for verting the mane* of North Wefton, and divers lands and hereditaments in theeounty Oxford, the estate of Francis Clerke efquire, in truftees, in truft, to fell the fame, to raise money for payment of debts and incumbrances affefting the fame, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

48.	An act for charging the fettled and unfettled eftates of Gilbert Cal-decot efquire, with raifing money to pay his debts and incumbrances; and for limiting his unfettled estate fo charged to the ufes of his marriage fettlement.

49.	An act for diflolvihg the marriage of Richard Morgan efquire}

* with Anne Halt his now wife, And to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

50.	An act for confirming and efta-blifhing an agreement for inclofing Ofmotherley moor, or Common, in the county of York, and for rendering the faid agreement moreef-feftual for the purposes thereby !w-

* tended.

51.	An act for dividing and inclofing Breajion cow pafture in the County of Derby.

52.	An act for dividing and Inclofing the open and common fields, within the manor and parish of Htsw* ling in the county of GlouceJterm

53.	An act for naturalizing Peter John Fremeaux, Adriana GonjUthtia Fremeaux, Elizabeth Fremeaux, Mar ria Catherina Fremeaux, and Ger-

" truda Johanna Fremeaux, who are all infants under the age of eighteen years.

54.	An act for naturalizing Jacob Rirkman.

55.	An act for naturalizing Jthto Ul-ric Pajfavant.

Anno 19 Georgii II.

Cap. x. For continuing and granting

to

A TABLE of the STATUTES

jtolm’ cerfajnduties uppa *oalt, mum, cyder ^nd perry, for .. thefervicepf the year one thou (and fevert hundred and fifty fix.

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to his .Mqefty by a land tax, to be raifed ' in Great Britain, for the jfervice of ^heyear one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix; and for the relief of the inhabitants of the city and county of the city of Lincoln, in refpeft of arrears of the land tax.

Cap. 3« For punching mutiny and deferpon; and for the better pay-. ment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 4. For the fpeedv and effectual recruiting of his Majesty’s land forces and marines*

Cap. 5. To enable his Majesty to grant commiffious to a certain number of foreign proteftants who have ferved abroad as officers, or engineers, to ad and rank as offi-: cers, or engineers, ip Amenta on-i ly, under certain reftri&ions and qualifications.

Cap.fi. For the regulation of,his Majesty’s marine forces while on ihore.

(Cap. 7. For granting to his Majesty the sum of two millions, to be raifed by way of annuities ^nd a . lottery, and charged on the fiuk-„ mg fund, redeemable by parlia--ment4 and for extending to Ire-. land the laws made in this king-

-	dom, againft private and unlawful

-	lotteries.

Cap. 8. To repeal a clause in an adl «vsp^de in the twenty fixth year of . jhw present Majesty, intituled. An afl' to oblige Jhips more effectually to r . perform their quarentine ; and for the better preventing the plague being :: brought from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the ijles of Gocmfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, whereby the ftationingof fbips inft&ed with tbe plague, tp

northward of Cqpf tyrnffme, is confined to the har^ur pf JWw Grtmfby, and removable^) qp, offier

!>lace ; and for appointu^g; a ippre afe and commodious place ihftead . thereof.	, , ,

Cap. 9. For eftablifhiog i jfoni for payment of the bonds of. jbe governor, bailiffs and CQippipnaTty, of the company of cohleryators of the great level of the fens^ calie^ Bedford Level; and fpr exdhang-ing the present bonds qf tbe . corporation for other boq&, figy-able out of the revenues of ine middle and fouth levels, part of the faid great levels and fqr enabling the (aid corporation to borrow further Turns, for the ufe of the faid great level.

Cap. jo. For the better a feertaining, recovering, and collecting, certain . duties payable upon the importation and exportation of goods and merchandizes into or out of the harbour of the town and county of Poole t and alfo of ball aft and boom-_ age duties, payable in refpe^ of . fbips and vcflels coming into and

!joing out of the faid ^arbour ; and or the enlarging, better repairing, and keeping in repair, the faid harbour,and the quays and wharfs;

- and for providing a proper place . for keeping gunpowder in or near the faid town; and for eftablifhing and regulating a nightly watch,

* and enlightening the ftreets in the # faid town.

Cap. i j. For the better fupply of mariners and feamen to ferve in his Majesty’s (hips of war, and on board merchant (hips, and other trading (hips and vefiel?,

Cap. 12. For granting.to .his Majesty a duty upon licences for retailing beer, ale, and other excifeable li-

auors; and for eflablifbing a me-iod for granting fuch licences in Scotland', and for allowing fuch lichees to bp granted at a petty fef-

Tion

A TAWl/ETtf tie STATUTES.

&>h Ih Jpfgland, \h Jddftritf^fe tbcrtmtScntioned. *

Cap, tji ^or granting to his Majesty an additional duty on cards and dice. '

Cap. iju For granting to his Majesty leVera fates and duties payable by alf peirons, and bodies politick or ' coipofa^te/having certain quanti-Ces of iitver plate.

Cap. Fof granting a bounty upon t cfcl^n.lfeecies of Britijb and irijh :i llrfehs exported; and taking off ther^tjes on the importation of \ fcrfelgrt raw lineh yarns made of ‘.flakJ ' ’

Cap. 16. To impower his Majesty to prohibit ihe exportation of fait petr£; and to enforce the law for unpowering his Majesty to prohibit the exportation of gunpowder, or any fort of arms and ammunition; and to impower his Majesty to . feftrain the carrying coaftwilt of fait petre, gunpowder, or any fort of arms pr ammunition, ip. 17. T0 prevent his Majefty** lifbjbfts from ferving as officers un-‘ der th* french King 5 and for the bette^enforeing an a£t pafled in the ' pinth year of his present Majefty** " reign, to prevent the infilling his Maiefty*s fubjeds to ferve as fohliers without his Majefty*s licence; and ’ for obliging fuch of his Majefty** fubjefts as [hall accept commif-lions in the Scottb Brigade, innhe service of the ftates general of the % united provinces, to take the oaths “ of allegiance and abjuration .

Cap. 18. To obViate a doubt arifcn on an ad made in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled, An act for relief of injobvertt debtors; and for relief of fheriffs and keepers of * prifons, in refped to efcapes, of ibch persons as were prevented by the ^id doubt from being discharged irriSer the faid a^l.

Cap. lav To unpower judges of courts in cities and towns cor-

porate, liberties and francbife^o let fines oft persons who fh&U'*be fummoned to ferve upon jmies’in fuch courts, and shall negtaft to attend.	;;

Cap. 20. For ereding, maintaining, and fupportinga Irght-hoUfeorrrhe iflandof Little Cumray, in the county of Bute, at the mouth of > the river Clyde, in North Britain; and for rendering the navigation in the ffith and river of Clyde more fafe and commodious.

Cap. 21. For imbanking and preferring certain fen lands and low grounds, called The Wafbes, lying and being in the several parifhes of Sutton,Mepal, Witcham, Ely, Witch* ford, Wentworth, Caveney, and Downham, in the Ifle of Ely, and county of Cambridge; and of Biux-tijham wkh Erith in the county of Huntingdon Cap. 22. For draining and preferring certain fen lands in the IJle of Efyt and county of Norfolk, lying between the Hundred Foot River and the Oufe, and bounded on the fouth by the hard lands of Afefmlt+ Witham, Wentworth, IVichford, £fy9 Downham, and Littleport\ andrtor impowering the governor, bailiffs* and commonalty of rhecomparfy of confervators of the great tore! of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain lands lying within the limits aforefaid, commonly called Invoked Lands, -vA Cap. 23. For encouraging thCMfiflie-ries in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.	‘	^	v	^

Cap. 24. For granting eo hisMajefty certain fums of money outlet the finking fund; and applying*'eer-tain fums of* money rcrntfirtmg in the exchequer, fot the fervicc o£ the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix.	<	:

Cap. 25. For appointing a ftffficicnt number of conftables for the Service of the city and liberty otffit/l-

minfer $

A TABLE of ch« STAtGT£$'

•mnJUt% and to compel proper performs to take upon them the office ' of jurymen; to parefent nuifances, and other offences, within tht faid city and liberty.

Cap. 26. For further continuing an of the fixth year of the reign of . his present Majesty, for fecuring and encouraging the trade of his Majesty’s fugar colonies in America, to indemnify commifiioners of the land tax for counties at large and ridings, who have adted by virtue of leafchold eftates 5 and to obviate a doubt relating to the qualification of commissioners of the land tax, for the city and liberty of ffty-minfter.

Cap. 27. Forextending tbeadlof the twenty second year of his present ' Majesty, (for amending, explaining, and reducing into one aft of parliament , the laws relating to the government of his Majeflfs /hips, vejels,

, and forces by fea ) to fuch officers, Teamen, and others^ as shall ferve on board his Majefty-’s (hips or veflete employed upon the lakes, . great waters, or rivers in North America.

Cap. 28. For reviving and continuing an adt forthe relief of debtors, with jrefpedt to the imprifonment of their perfotis ; andforcontinuingun adt made in the lad feflion of parliament, co continue several laws re-* Jating to the diftemper now raging among the homed cattle in this -kingdom.

Cap. 29. For enabling his Majesty to raise one million for the purpofe therein mentioned 5 and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this session of parliament.

Gap; 30. For more effectually dif-cduragmg and preventing the fteal-ing, and the biying and receiving of ftolen lead, iron, copper, brafs, . bell-metal, and folder, and for more effectually bringing the offenders toju&ice.

Cap. ?i. Toenablelftfants, funatiefcs, and femes covert, to furrender * leafes in order to renew the fame. Cap. 32. To indemnify pefrfons who have omitted to qualify tbemfclves according to the diredtioos of several adts of parliament within the times limited by fuch adts refpec-tively, and for allowing further time for tnat purpofe; and concerning the admiffions of officers and mem-' bers of cities, corporations and borough towns ; and the filing of affidavits of articles of clerkfhijp. Cap. 33. To render more effectual an adfc pafled in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George, to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen employed in ♦the woollen manufactures and for better payment of their wages; and alfo an adt pafled in the thirteenth year of the reign of his faid late Majesty, for the better reguh-. non of the woollen manufacture and for preventing drfputes among the perrons concerned therein; and for limiting a time for profecuting for the forfeiture appointed by the aforefard ad, in cafe of the payment of the workmens wages, in any other manner than in money. Cap. 34. For the encouragement of Teamen, and the more fpeedy and effectual manning his Majesty’s navy.

Cap. 3 c. For the better recruiting his Majesty’s forces on the continent of America; and for the better regulation of the army, ahd preventing of defertion there.

Cap. 36. For inclofing, by the mutual confent of the lords and tenants, part of any common, for the purpofe of planting and pre-ferving trees fit for timber or underwood ; and for more effectually preventing the unlawful deftrudtion of trees.

Cap. 37. For reflating the proceedings in perfonal actions in the courts

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

court? baron of the manors of Shej^ti aha Euhfall, in the county

Caqp# "To enable the commiffion-ers Tor’ building a bridge crofs the river of Thames, from the city of Weftminfler, to the oppofite (hore in the county of Surry, to purchafe houfes and grounds, and to widen the ways, and make more fafe and “ commodious the ftreets, avenues,

' and paflages, leading from Charing Croft, to The two houfes of parliament, Weftminfter HM, and the courts of justice there, and Weft-minfler Bridge; and to enable a lefs number of commifiioners to execute the several a&s relating to the faid bridge, than at present are re-

Suired by law j and for relief of 'eorge and James King, with regard to a leafe taken by their late father from the faid commifiion-' ers.

Cap. 39. For explaining, amending, and rendering more effedhial, an ad made iri the twenty second year of his present Maiefty’s reign, intituled, An act for making a fret market for the fate offjh in the city r/*Weftminfter; ana for preventing the forefiaJling and monopolizing of fijb; and for allowingf be fale ofpjhy under the dimenfiom mentioned in a. clause contained in an aft of the firfl year of his late Majeflys reign > in cafe the fame are taken with a book. Cap. 40« To improve, widen, and enlarge the paflage over and thro* London Bridge.

Cap. 41. For explaining and amending two ads of parliament, one made in the eleventh year of his Majesty’s reign, {For repairing the road from Shoreditch Church, thro1 Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and croft Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the turnpike at Mile End in the county <?/Middlefex); and the other made in the twenty fixth . jyear tof his Majesty’s reign, {For

enlarging the term and powers granted by the faid former aft) and for impowering the truftees to ered and maintain lamps, and keep z guard, upon the faid roads in the night-time.

Cap. 42. For enlarging the Coemetefry or church-yard of the parish of Saint Mary Newington Butts in the county of Surry.

Cap. 43. For making and widening a road from the eaft fide of the parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green in the county of Middlesex, to the eaft end of Church Street in the faid parifh; and to open a way. or road into Shoreditch, and keeping the fame in repair.

Cap. 44. To enable the truftees for repairing Old Street road, to repair, widen, and make a road from the fign of the The Red Lion on Windmill Hill, through Worjhip Street, to the Ditch Side next the eaft fide of Holy Well Mount, and through a certain ground to the fign of The London Apprentice, in the parifhes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the county of Middle-fex; of to lay open, repair, and widen a road from the faid Red Lion, through the Dog Bar, into the Old Street road in the faid county. Cap. 45. For repairing and widening the roads leading from a pond belonging to Henry Eyre efquire* in the parifti of Wb'tteparijb in the county of Wilts, to the top of Dun-wood Hill; and from thence Over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through Rcmfey-infra, to Hundred Bridge in the county of Southampton ; and from thence to the county of the town of Southampton. Cap. 46. For repairing and widening the high roads from Baftngfloke, through Popham Lane, Sutton-Sat-ncy, and Stockbridgef, in tbecbilnty of Southampton, to a place called Lobcomb Corner in the county of Wilts s 'and alfo for repairing and widening

 

A TABLE of the STATUTES*

widening the road from Sfiittle-boufe, over Wey-hill, to Mullen's Pond in the faid county of South* amptoru

Cap. 47-/ To explain* amend, and render more efFe&ual, an ad made in the laft fefllon of parliament, intituled, An act for ejlablijhing, main* taining, and well governing a nightly watch within the city fl/'Briftol.

Cap. 48. For rebuilding the common gaol for the county of Derby,upon a place called Nuns Green* in the liberty of the town of Derby; and for appointing a proper place (or die fafe cuftody of prifoners, uqtil fuch new gaol shall be compleated ; and to impower the juftices of the peace for the faid county to pay the rent referved to the corporation for the faid ground, out or the county rates.

Cap. 49. For repairing and widening the road from the eighteen mile ftone beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the town of Mere in'the county of Wilts, and through Win-canton, to Charlton Houthorn, and from thence to Milborne Port; and from Willoughby Hedge aforefaid, to the weft end of Long Lane in Kil-mington; and from Wincanton aforefaid, to the Sherborn turnpike crofs-gate, on Cattle Hill; and from tVincanton, to Sparkford, in the county of Somerfet.

Cap. 50. For repairing and widening leveral roads leading from and near the town of Brewton in the county of Somerfet.

Cap. 51. For repairing and widening the several roads, from the town of Tnvfkefbury to Cofcomb Gate; and from IfabePs Elm to the top of Go-therington Hill, in the county of Gloucejler \ and from Tewkejbury to a farm-houfe, called ‘The Old Blue Bell, and to the diredlion poft in tjie parifti of Ripple, and to Sim-mond’s Ford Brook, and from Bree-ion to Eckinton Bridge, in the coun-

ty of Worcefter \ and from Tewksbury to Wainloacts Bridge, and to the road oppofite to Eljioue church, and from the market-howfe in Cheltenham, to the turnpike road from Burford to Gloucejler, near 9 tree called Pewfdon AJb, in the faid county of Gloucejler.

Cap. 52. For repairing and widening the several roads leading from a gate called Poole Gate, in the town and county of Poole.

Cap. 53. For the better regulating the nightly watch and bedles, and cleaning, enlightening, and paving the ftreets, (quarcs, lanes, and other paflfages, and repairing the highways and caufways, and regulating the poor within the parifti of Saint Mary le Bone, in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 54. For repairing and widening the road from the top of Harnham Hill, near the city of New Sarum, in the county or Wilts, through the towns of Blandford Forum and Dorchejler, to a certain in-trenchment on AJkerwell Hill, in the county of Dorfet.

Cap. 55. To amend and render more effectual an a61 pafled in the twenty fixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending several roads leading from the city of Exeter.

Cap. 56. For amending and keeping in repair the roads leading from Mead Brook, which divides the pari fhes of Pucklecburch and Mango tf-field in the county of Gloucejler, to Chrijlian Mai for a Bridge in the county of Wilts, and alfo from Pucklecburch aforefaid, to certain

* coal mines in the faid parifti.

Cap. 57. For enlarging the term arid powers granted by an a£t pafled in the twenty second year of his pre-fent Majesty, for repairing, enlarging, and preferving the harbour of El/enfottyia the county of Cumberland.

Cap. 58.





VA.TABLE.of the STATUTES.

Ctyk-48.' Bor teptiriHg and widening iMtoadsleading from the city of GUatefttr' tbWaras Cheltenham and

-	Yetokofhuff, in the county of

Oefter. -'	»

ftp. «k For -amending, widening, andf Keeping in repair, several roads hBdmg 'from the Market

4	aftd eiMWhere, in the town of Lud-

■ tow>, at the county of &»/#.

Cap. 60. For amending, widening,

r Ihd Keeping in repair, several roads

-	fading from-the \4for/fr/ Houfe in

the town of Much	, in the

county of Salop.

Cap. 61. For repairing and widening the roads from	Bridge in

-	Shrewsbury, to the Market in

Chard) Stretton, and to the top of Lytbwood Hilly and from Pulley Common, to the May Pole m Con-• dever; and from	Bridge,

to	Longdonin the county of Salop.

Cap. 62. To enable the dean and 'chapter of the collegiate church of BaintPeter at Wtftminfter, and their -fueceflors, to make and grant unto James Mailers a leafe or leafes of certain pieces of ground, mefluages, tenementsand hereditaments, com-

Srized within certain limits, for a >nger term of years than they are at present enabled to grant.

Cap. 63. To impower the churchwardens, bverfeers of the poor, and veftry of the parish of	,

ih the county of Middlesex, to make a rate or rates for the relief of the poor, and the better repairing of rite highways, and deanfing the ftreets within the (aid pariih.

Cap. 64. For repairing and widening the roads from the town of Shrewsbury, to Prejhn Brockhurjl, to Sbaw-bury, and to Sbrey-biU', in the county of Salop.

Cap. 65. For repairing and widening theroads leading from the town of Kington, in the county of Hereford, ^through the We Hall Lane, as ■lir if the lame county extends, Vol. X XI.

and the several roads leading from Kington aforefaid, to Btillefs Mountain, to Eardijley, to Abnely, to Ed -left Green, to	Eardiflto Stable

Bar, and to Milton Houfe, in-the faid county of Hereford.

Cap. 66. For explaining, amending, and rendering more etife&ual, an aft palled in the twenty feventh year of his prefeht Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Leieefter to Narborougb, and front Leieefter to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, arid from thence to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon's and from Coventry to Mabtyris Gutter, leading towards Stoneleigh ; and for fupplying an omiflion in an aftpaf-fed in the lalt feflion of parliament, for repairing the road from	,

to Ajbby delaZaueh, in the county of	Leieefter, fo far as the fame re-

lates to that part of the faid road which leads from the town of Hinckley, in the county of Leieefter, to the town of Nunj and from thence through the parHhes of Chihers Coton and Bedwortb, to

Bijhop's Gate in the city of Coventry.

Cap. 67. For enlarging the terms and powers granted by several a£t$ of parliament for repairing the highways between Sheppard's Shord and the Devizes, and from Stert Stone in the parish of Urjbfont, to Rowd Pord in the county of Wilts ■, ahd for changing and altering part of the faid highways; and for repairing the road from the top of Red Hone to Stert Stone aforefaid.

Cap. 68. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the fevetal roads from the town of n rite county of Montgomery, to Wrexham in the county of tkenhigh; and"alfo the road from Knockin in the eoun-. ty of Salop, to	in

Machnant, in the county of Denbigh.

c	C«».

-	

A TABLfc bfthd

Cap* 69; Ftfr the explaining, aitoend-ing, and rendering ^ore effaSfial, two federal alls orparfiacnept, one of them pafled in the thirteenth year of her late Eiajefty Queen 4nney for making the river Nine or , Nen9 running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigableand the other made in the eleventh year of his late majefty King Gtorge the Firft, for making more effectual the faid former aft.

Cap* 70. For enlarging the terms and power* granted by an alt pafled in the twenty fourth year of his prerent Majesty’s reign,, for repairing the high road leading from Darlington in the county of Durham, to Weft Auckland, artd several other roads in the faid county therein , mentioned; and for the eflfedtual . amending the fame.

Cap* 71* To explain and amend an alt pafled in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An at1 fot repairing the reads from the town of Leeds through Harwood to the fouth weft corner of the inclofures of Harrogate, and from thence in tivo branches, one through Ripley over Burage Green, and the fiber through Knarefborough and fiorbuch-Bridge, to Ripon, and from thence to the firft rill of water or watercourfe on Hutton Moor in the county of York, and for repair-, ihg the Jloughs or ruts on the faid moor.

Cap. 72. For changing and altering two several roads direlted to be , amended and widened by an alt made in the twenty fevlnth vear of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening several roads leading from the borough of Truro, in the county of Cornwall. Cap. 73. For building a bridge acrofs the river TVye3 from the town of Hay, in the county of Brecon, to the pppoljte (hore in the county of Radnor,

STATtrrE*

Gap. 7^. Fo* rtwhettet Applying the city of Bdinhtergb rtith' frah and wholefbflfie water.

Gap. 7$. Far completing attd finifh-ing a new church, and hying out . and inclofing a cemetery (hereto.

in the ifland of Portland.

Cap. 76. For enlarging ahd altering the term and’ power* granted by an ad made in twenty feoond year of his present Majesty 9 rehtty for effedusrlly amending artd-i'dpabttg the road leading.from WOnAferd Bridge in the county of Northampton, to the town and borough of Stamford ip the county ofLinccbs j. and for repairing the mad from the borough of Stamford to Staple-ford Briiget in the parifti of RyhdU in the county of Rutland; and from thence to Bourne, in fhecdUn-ty of Lincoln.

Cap. 77. For repairing and widening the road from the town of Farring-don,in the county of Berks, to the town of Crieilade, artd frofa theftce to the town of Malrftefiury, hr the county of Wilts, and the road from thence to join the turnpike road at Atton Tutville, in the county of Gloucefler; and a Mb the road from Tetbury, in the find county, through Malmejbury aforefaid, . to Chippenham Bridget and the road froM Sherflon, to join the turnpike road leading from Tetbury to B/tth.

Cap. 78. Fbr the better paring and amending, cleaning, enlightening, and watching the ftreets, highways, lanes and pafliges, within the town of Sh in the county of Salop.

Cap. 79. For the better relief and employment of the poor, in the hundreds of Cojneit and Carlford, in the county of Suffolk.

Cap. 8t>. For enlarging the term and powers granted by art a£t pafftd in the twenty firft year of the reign . of his present Majesty, for repairing the high road frout the town!of

AT*ABi.Ewf tfa* STATUTES.

m	of	York, tp

Barnard	in the county of

Durham> and from thence, through Sfai*A*S tfc Newgate* in Biftop 'Amikfid fUjid from Newgate* along Gi& Chair y to GaundJefs Bridge; and from thence hy M&krjhn Gill, toi i tbt Hirnpike rood near Sunder-bwiiiiodg*) in the county of Dur-fr<mk< *od for making the fame more effedual. .

amending and keeping in impair the roods, leading from a place called pryer Batons Stud}i, to tlbib&n Pond; and from, the top of Umtfo Oik to Fvccmbt Hill Gate, fr\ 4M read leading to Farringdon vn the county of 2fcnfr.

Cap. 8a. For repairing and widening (he rood ft on* the Whitt Suop> near *b*<*wth end of (be rown of Der-2y, through the towns of Diyffield and Cbefterfield in the county of Derbyj to the town of Sheffield \n the , county of York; and from the faid

' town of Duffield* tp the Moot Hull in the town of Wirkfiyorthy in the faid county of Derby*

•Cap. 83. For repairing and widening the. high road from the borough of jRJjponty jngram Bank, to the town of Pauly Bridge ia the county of York.

jOap. 84. For repairing and widening the roads from the north end of . Dmsby Lone* to the footh weft comer of Rifebolm Hedge y and to Catiobn Gate* prinfey Ncoke* and Dunham and Littleburgb Perries, and from the north end of Wad-dington field\ and the bridge over the river Witham* at Bratebridge, to the city of Lintoikiy and from the gate at the foot of Camuicke Hilly to the great gates of the faid city j and fpr enforcing the performance of ftatute-work upon , thehigh ways, communicating with < the faid roads, to a certain diuance from the faid roads.

repairing and widening

the roads leading from the eaft fide of Lincoln Heath, to the city of Peterborough; and from the eaft end of Marham Lane, to the town of IValtoHy in the county of Northampton ; and from the town of Bourny to the town of Colflerworthi and from Donington High Bridge* to the crofs port, in the pariih of Ifac-cenby \ from the eaft end of a lane called Hale Drove* to and through the town of Old Sleaford* to the end of Long Hedge, in the parifli of Quarriugtony m the county of Lltb

c$hf

Cap. 86. For building a bridge crofs the river T7>ames*fvoq\ Black Fryars in the city of London, to the appetite fide in the county of Surry,

Cap. 87. For regulating the nightly watch, and bedels, and better enlightening, paving, and cleanfing the ftreers and other pafiages, and repairing the highways within the parishes of Sa nt John Wappingy Saint Paul Shadwelly the hamlet of Radcliff'e, the parifli of Saint Ann in the county ot Middlesex, and the precimft of Well Clofe in the liberty of the tower of London.

Cap. 88. To enable the refpetftivo truftees of the turnpike^oads lead-

. mg to Highgate Gatehoufe .and Hamp/lead9 and from Saint Giles's Poma to Kilboum Bridge, in the county of Middlesex* to make a new road from the great northern road at IJlington* to the Edzmare road near Paddington, and alfo from |he north end of Portland Street* crofs the Farthing Pye Houfe Fields, into the laid new road; ami for enlarging the terms and powers granted by two several aefts for repairing the faid road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge.

Cap. 89. For rebuilding the parish church, and enlarging the churchyard of Saint John of Wifppingy in the coqnty of Middlesex.

Cap. 90. To enable the proprietor c a	and



A TABLE-of the STATUTES,-

JAd inhabitant* of houfes in landings, in the parish of Saint Martin in tbt Fields, in the county of Middlesex, to make and levy a rate on themfelves, fufficient to anfwer the expenoe of rebuilding or repairing of the terrace walk ana water-gate, and fuch other part of the premises adjoining tathc river Thames, and belonging to the faid buildings, as. shall be judged ne-ceflary, and for keeping the fame in repair for the future.

Cap. 91. For explaining and making more effectual an ad palled in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his prerent Majeity, for repairing the road leading from tbeeaft end of Brumpton High Lane'mtbecomty of York, to the town of Richmend, and from thence to and through the towns of AJkriggand Ingleton in the faid county, to the town of Lantajltr in the county of Lantajltr; and alfo for repairing the road leading from Richmond aforefaid, through , Mtlfonhy, and Aldbrough, to Lucy, otherwife Leafy	Cr, and from Gil-

ling through Gilling Toum Lane, to the turnpike road on Moor.

Cap. 02. For explaining, amending, ana making more effectual, an alt of parliament made in the twenty iixth year of the reign of his pre-fent Majesty, intituled. An for repairing and widening the roadfrom tpe top of White Sheet Hill, the parijb	ofDonhead Saint Andrew,

in the county of Wilts, through the - tffims of Shaftefbury, Milbome Fort, and Sherborne in the counties pfDorfet and Somerset, to the Halfway Houlis in the parijb r/" Nether, otbenpift Lower Compton, in the ./aid county of Dorset, and several other roads near the towns of Shaftefbury and Sherborne aforefaidj and for repairing other roads adjoining to foe roads in the laid former hcc mentioned.

Cap>93. To enlarge-the Itdnn and powers of an alt for repairing the road from Shrewjhuryto Wrexham, in the county of	, an&to

repair and widen several ethercoada theoeii) mentioned, -and the. rOad from Wrexham to Cbeflte, and from thence to Pen Fordd y Watn, hi -the parish of Whit ford, and alfbthe road from Broughton to Mold,\ in -the county of Flint.	-	>

Cap. 04. For amending, repairing ana widening the roads- leading from the Rye-way, in the parish of Yarpole, in the county of Hereford, toPreJieigne in thecountyofRadnor, and from thence to Lemttoardine, and from Prejieigne aforefaid, to the top of Trap Hill, and from the Rye-way aforefaid, by the Maiden* bead, to Woofer ton-in the county of Salop.

Private A3s.

Anno 29 Georgii II.

1.	An alt for naturalizing	-

vid Fatso*	*

2.	An alt for naturalizing yens Pe-■derfen.

3.	An act for the fale of several lands in Bedford Level, the estate of the right honourable Afininr earl of Lincoln, knight of the moft noble order of the garter, and Katherine counters of Lincoln his wife, and for

other lands and heredi-

taments of as great or greater value; and fettling the faid lands fo to be purchafed, to the fame ufes as the laid lands to be mU are now fettled, and for othef purposes therein mentioned.

4.	An act for explaining and amending an alt made in the twenty fcventh year of bis present Maje-fty’s reign, intituled, An vefting certain eft of Sir Ifeac Lawrence Woollafton	an

infant, fituate in the ifle of Ely, and mntiesofCa tn bridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, and NortoUc, in

to



Ml &KWL&U the ST A T D T E S.

■ ■■ ft iefild 0t	SntttgbgOdto raife-rmey

for	pffmtnr	of* Ms

and fitatherfttrpojrs therein men-titmcL	• '•

5.	Am id1 for empowering Efher Mourner, sn Infant, to fettle her •«ftate*,r jHirfeant to articles entered Into in-COnfideratSon of a marriage agreed upon between Aflxtm Cur-

■	seon eAptfee, and the faid Hanmtr.

fiwAnad for retting divers lands

■	and hereditaments in the counties : nl Bttfh and Berks, late the ertate

of Thsnias Walker clerk, deceafed,

. in Tbmat Walker the grandlbn, in fee Staple, fubjed to the raffing portions for his younger brother andfifters.

7.	An act for dividing and indofing a certain open and common field, called Radway Field, within the ttmnfhip of Radway, in the county of Warwick. .

8.	An act for dividing and indofing

Certain wattes or common grounds in the parish of	in	the

county of Durham.

9.	An act for dividing and indofing the common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, and watte mounds, in the several parifhes of Boughton and Pi ford, in the county of Northampton.

la An act for dividing and indofing several fields, meadows and com-nlons, in the townfhip of Sutton upon the FOreft, in the county of York, and for giving compensations, in lieu of tythes, to the impropriator of the redory, and the vicar of Sutton aforefaid.

II.	An act to enable Robert efquite, and his firft and other fans, and their heirs male, to cake and ufe the fumame of Gouge, m pur-foance of xhssveWiof NitbohsQeuge,

..-deceafed.

Ut An act to enable WiDiam uScpjkcci' now caHed

*1

wer, and his heirs, to take andofe

' the fomame nod arms of Bukutr, purfuant to the will of WiUiam Bul-wer efquire deceafed.

13.	An act for naturalizing Anthony

Henry Stemam, Peter Otte, Godfrey Moiling, and Cbrifian Meyer, Henry Bielf eld ,John Peter	ana

Mathew Liebigaray.

14.	An act for naturalizing David Efternod.

15.	An act for providing a maintenance for the marquis of Blanferd, during the life of his father 'die duke of Marlborough, and for rebuilding the faid duke’s houfe at Langley in the county of Bucks; and for purchafing in, and making void, divers 1 cafes, granted by the laid duke in truft for his younger children, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

16.	An act to enable John eatf of Sandwkh, George earl of Chobnonde-ley, and Wellbore Ellis efquire, to take, in Great Britain, the oath as ▼ice treasurer and receiver general, and paymatter general of all his Majesty’s revenues in the kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify thetn-felves for the enjoyment of the faid offices. •

17.	An act for making the exemplification of the laft will of the right honourable Richard late earl of Burlington and Cork, deceafed, evidence in all courts of law and quity in Great Britain and Ireland.

18.	An act for vetting the capital me flu age of Halfie and divers lands in Kent, part of the fettled cftate of Fere lord Vert, in trufteej, to be conveyed to Robert Bagjbdbo, efquire, the purchafer thereof, par-fiiant to articles, and for fettling another estate in- the county of Middlesex, of greater value, in lieu thereof.

19.	An act for railing money out of the eftate* of Ralph Lane efquire, deceafed, in the counties of Northampton

 

& T A3 E thtf, ST A TU/TE $

jViftowprfe tad Gatokridge, for dif-. ' charging the incus&rance affcd--. log die fame; and for applying part of the perfonal cftate of Eli-■ xabetkLane, his.wife, deceafed, in, the purcbafc of the Cambrxigejbire < eftaar, to be fettled purfuant to her , wilh

20.	An adb for veftirrg certain adju-

*	dications now vcfted in the crown by the convi&ion or attainder of

*	Jmeandvr Mackenzie of Frafirdale, in Hugh Mi Lad of Genus cfqxdrc.

29.	An act for veftibg pan of the *' folded estate of Thomas Parjbn gentleman* and Honour his wife* in truftees, to be fold for railing portions for younger chiMrai* and for laying oat the furphis* if anyv in

*	die purchafe of other lands, to be i fettled to the vfe& of their marriage fettlement.

22. An act for vetting in tm fleet,

-	certain meffuages, lands, tene-/ merits, and farms hi the county

-	of Surryy fettled upon the marriage of Richard Dickfon Sirine eftptire, with Elizabeth his now wife, to be fold and conveyed parfuant to articles, and for laying out the pur-

: chafe money in other lands and tenements, to be fettled to the u&s of their marriage fettlement* *3* An a£t to enable Theodore Henry .Broadband*, an infant, to make leafes of the eftates given and deviled to him by the will of his unde Hoary Broadhtad eftjmre, de-ccafed*

Of. An act for veiling the estate of Trevor Charles Roper, and Henry Roper, who are both infants* in the county of Kent, in truftees, to bfefoid; ainl for applying the pur-chafe money for difeharging incumbrances affecting the fame* under the directions of the court of Chancery.

25. An a<ft for felling the fettled estate of Thomas Pdliett Baugh dqmvc, in the county of Hereford^ and for

fettling anotbtreftatc erf greater vaiue* to the ufes <rf his grandfather's will, and his.awn maaiage fettlement, rerpedlively*

46.	An a<5l for enabling the matter and; fellows of Katherine Hall, m the univerfity of Cambridge, to,pur-chafe, fettle, and difpofe of tene-raants and grounds for the making anderediog an addWonahbuilding to their college or hall, for the reception and maintenance, of ipc feUows and ten fehob&s* founded by the will of Mary Ramfien, de-ceafed* and for ettpeweriog any corporation within tbe laid urnVer-fity, to fell and convey otl*er lands and tenements, for that and other purposes in the faid adt mentioned;

27. An a& for enabling: Am Coryton, Elizabeth GeodaU*, and William Goodally to make leafes of fevcral ' eftates in the counties of Cornwall and Devon, during the minorities eA John Coryton and others, the infant children of Peter Coryton efquire, deceafed.

aSi A« ad for veiling part of the estate of John Talbot the younger, e£%«tre, fettled upon his marriage, in truftees for railing a fee* of money for difcbarging debts and in-

, curobrances.

29. An act for confirming and eftab-hihing an exchange* of tythes, cottages and lands, for a mefluage, forms, lands, and common of pa-fture in Steeple Aflo’h in the county of Oxford^ purfuant to ani agreement between the principal and fchplars of King’s Halk and college of Brazen Nofg in Oxford, John Eaton clerk, and Francis Page enquire ; and alfo for giving power to the laid Francis Page*and others, claiming under the will of: Sir Framit Page knights deceafed, to make a jointure on any wife or wives with whomtheymay intermarry*

30. An



# TABLE tf *he ST ATUTE&

aft fot faleofi the manor and capital mediiage gf Tadwortb, and diver* lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the county of Surry,

- tale the estate of y«2w Fleetwood ■ cfquire, deeaafed, and purchafing f another eftate. to be fettled to the . ufes'm hi*will.

3*. An act for veiling the eftates of

Evttyri Charles French, and Ed-waned Franck* efqukcs, in the county of Laruafier, in trailers, to be fold for difeharging a mortgage af-iefting the fame, and for laying out the furplus of the money arising by fachfale in the purchafeof 1 other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled purfuant to the wills of the faid Evelyn Charles Franck*and Edward Francke refpeftively.

3a. An act for veiling the eftates of of Richard Gough Aubrey eiquire, in the counties of Brecon, Glamorgan, and Carmarthen, in truftees, to raise money to difeharge several incumbrances aflfefting the fame, and for other purposes therein mentioned. 33. An act to impower Sir John Mo-lefworth baronet, and Jofeph Moyle efquite, two of the furviving truftees, in an indenture dated the twenty-fifth day of December one thouiand feven hundred and forty three, to raise the several furas in the faid indenture mentioned, or fuch of them asareftill unfatisfied, and pay the fame, as well as the reft of the perfonal estate of Hugh Gregor deoeafed, to fuch person as Jane Gregor, an infent, (ball marry during her infancy, wirh the con-, fent of the faid furviving truftees, and of her guardians.

34..	An act to diflolve the marriage of Richat'd Glover, with Hannah Nunn his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

35.	An act for dividing and inclofing the undivided part* of the several common fields in the townfbip of

WarthiU, in the coefetf of York) and for giving compenfatrana to the reftor of Hobby, in the feme county* and the vicar of Wmrthili aforeiaid, in lieu of tythes andeer-tain eccleftaftical dues. ■ . v.

36.	An act for inclofing amlsmduig the common fields, common partuses, wafte grounds, and/ commonable lands, in die manors and parish of Sow, in the county of Warwick, and county of the city of Coventry*

37.	An act for inclofing diver* parcels of wafte grounds or commons in Ellell, in the county of Lan-softer*

38.	An act for inclofing and dividing Tinweil Fields, in the cdonty of Rutland, and for fettling a ftipend on the reftor in lieu of.glebe and tythes.

39.	An act for dividing and inclofing a common or moor, called Afton and Sbardlow Moor, and several common fields, meadows, paftures, and wafte grounds, lying within the manor of Wefton cum Membris, and prebend of Sawley, in the county of Derby,

40.	An act for dividing and indofing the common fields, common pastures, common meadows, and common grounds in Newton, in the parish of Clifton upon Dunfinore, in the county of Warwick*

41.	An act for authorizing and inv-powering John Riley, and hivHlhe, to take and ufe the furnaom of Wheelwright, inftead of the far-name of Riley.

42.	An act to enable James Leigh enquire, now called James Perrot, and his heirs, to lake and ufe the furnatne and arms of Perrot, pur-foant to the will of Thomas Perrot efquire, dcceafed.

43.	An act for naturalising Peter Bonnet.

44.	An act for naturalizing John Da+ md Petal.

45. Aa

 

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

4$» An act for veiling the manor of Dantfey, and hundred of Chippen-Aiw, and divers mefiuages, lands, tenements and hereditaments, in the countyof WiltSy late the eftates of Charles earl of Peterborow and Jlfa«m^&,deceafed,in truftees, for railing a certain fum of money for the purposes therein mentioned.

46.	An act for file of the estate of James lord Granfloun, in the county of Northumberland, fettled on his marriage for the benefit of Sophia lady Cranfloun^ and their lllue, for railing money to difeharge the incumbrances affefting the lame; and alfo towards difincum-bering his estate in Scotland, fettled alfo for the benefit of the faid lady Cranjioun, and the iffue of that

r marriage.

47.	An act for carrying into execution several contrafts made by or on the behalf of James late lord Bulieley, in the kingdom of Ireland,

. in his life time, for the fale of several lands and tenements in the county of Chejler, and for applying the purcfiafe money to difeharge incumbrances affefting the fame.

#8, An act for veiling the manor of Northally and divers lands and hereditaments in the county of Mid-dleJeXy fettled on the marriage of Sir Hutchins Williams baronet, and devifed by the will of William Peer Williams his father, refpeftively in truftees, in order to be conveyed to Agatha Child widow, and her heirs, purfuant to articles of agreement for that purpofe, and lor laying out the money ariling by fale of the estate devifed by the laid will in the purchafe of lands to be fettled

The End of

to the ufes of that will, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

49.	An act for veiling divers manors, lands and hereditaments, part of the fettled eftates of Francis Blake Delaval efquire, in truftees, for railing money to pay off and difeharge several debts and incumbrances, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

50.	An act for fale of the fettled estate of Wrightfon Mandy efquire, in the county of Leicefier for difeharging incumbrances affefting the fame, and alfo his unfettled estate in the county of Derby% and for fettling the Derbyjbire estate fo difincum-bered, to the ufes therein mentioned.

51* An act for confirming a partition between John Leman efquire, and Elizabeth Newnham, and John Neivnham efquire, of several eftates in the city of London, and counties of Middlesex and Huntingdon, and for veiling and fettling the intire premifles, which on fuch partition were allotted to the faid John Leman and Elizabeth Newnham, and John Newnham refpeftively, to the ufes therein mentioned.

52.	An act for dividing the common fields of Egleton, alias Edgeton, in the county of Rutland.

53.	An act to enable John Thom-haugb efquire, now called John Hewetty and his defeendants, to take and ufe the furname of Hew-etty purfuant to the will of Six Thomas Hewett knight, deceafed.

54.	An act for naturalizing Francis Jalaberty an infant, under the age of eighteen years.

the TABLE.

*1



THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno regni GEORGIIII. Regis Magna Britannia, Francice, & Hibernia,	-

Jimo fexto.

AT the parliament begun and	Wefl-

minfter, the tenth day of November, Anno Dom. 1747, in the twentyfirjl year of the reign of our fovereign Lord George the	by	the

grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the	fait, &c. And from

thence continued by federal prorogations to the ele~ venth day of January, 1753, being the fixth	of

this present parliament.

CAP. I.

4» aft for continuing and granting to his Majejly certain duties upon	malt, mum, cyder and perry, for	of

of the year one	thoufand feven hundred and fifty three; and

for enlarging the time limited by an ati of the lafi fejjion of parliament, for fubfcribing annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, into the joint flock of annuities therein mentioned, Exp.

LXIII. A ND whereas by an ail made in the lafl fejflen of

il liament, (intituled. An act far converting the fe-	V*c* *7.

veral annuities therein mentioned, into several joint (locks of s 1. alt of the annuities, transferable at the Bank of England, to be charged laft feflion for on the finking fund ; and alfo for confolidating the several other convertmgan-annuities therein mentioned into several joint docks of annuities,	*

transferrable at the South-Sea Houfe) bocks were directed to be preparedfor receiving the fabfcriptitn or confent of futh of the proprietors of several annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, as Jhould	fubfcribt the fame into thejoint flock of annuities, in

the find a£i defcribed, at any time between the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and fifty two, and the fifth day of January one thousand feven hundred and fifty three	and	no

longer: and whereas the greatefipart of the fold annuities hath been Vol. XXI.	B	fub-

J

2	Anno	vicefimo	fexto GeoRGII II. C. 2.	1*753*

fubfcribed accordingly; and fome of the proprietors of ftitb part of the ' faid annuities as remain unjubfcrihed, may be defirous that the time far fuch fubfeription Jhould be enlarged, which will alfo be of advantage to Books to be Pnblicb > be lt enaCted by the authority aforefoid, That the kept open at governor and company of the bank of England, shall caufe fuch the bank for books as have been prepared according to the directions of the receiving fub- faid aCt, for receiving the fubfeription of the proprietors of the A^S*011810 5 annu*t,es ‘nto the faid joint flock of annuities, to be kept p ,753* • open at- the bank of England for that purpofe, in fuch manner as by the faid aCt is directed, to the fifth day of April one thou-fand feven hundred and fifty three indufive, being the time limited by the faid aCtfor the fubfeription of other annuities after the rate of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum ; and fuch proprietors of the faid annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, as have not already fubfcribed the fame into the faid joint flock of annuities, their refpeCtive at-tornies, reprefentatives or afligns, and all persons authorized by the faid aCt to fubferibe for them before the faid fifth day of January one thousand feven hundred and fifty three, shall have power to make fuch fubfeription without fee or charge at any time before the faid fifth day of April one thousand feven hundred and fifty three; and fuch fubfeription shall be as valid and effectual to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been made before the faid fifth day of Jamtaty one thousand feven hundred and fifty three.

CAP. II.

An act to amend an aft made in the eighth year of the reign of bis late majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An aCt for the better recovery of :he penalties inflicted upon persons who destroy the game, by enlarging the time within which fuits and aftions are to be brought by force of the faid aft.

t Geo. i. c. WHEREAS b an a& °f Parliament made in the eighth year 99. %,* V V of the reign of his late majefiy King George, intituled, An aCt for the better recovery of the penalties inflided upon persons who destroy the game, it is provided, That all fuits and actions to be brought by force of the faid aft% Jballbe brought before the end of the next term after the offence committed: and whereas the time allowed by the faid aft for the bringing of fuch fuits and aftions has been found very inconvenient, and in many cafes is not fufficient for the commencing of profecutions againjl offenders, whereby the intent of the faid aft hath been in fome degree defeated; be it therefore enaCted by the King’s rnoit excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament ailembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all fuits and aCtions to be brought Suits for pecu- by virtue of the faid aCt, for the recovery of any pecuniary pe-mary peiui- nalty or fum of money for offences, which after the twenty fifth ce/com mined ^ 0* March one thousand feven hundred and fifty three (hall

be



Go6gle

1753*3 Anno vicesimo fexto Georgm II. c. 3.	3

be committed againft any law now in being for the better pre- after *5 fervation of the game, shall and may be brought before the end of the second term after the offence committed; any thing in gfjjj” jaw * the faid ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.	may	be	*

brought before the end of the second term.

CAP. III.

An a£l for continuing the duties upon fait, and upon red. and white herrings, for the purposes therein mentioned.

MOST gracious fivereign, whereas by an aft made in the eigh- , g Geo. 1. c. 5.

teenth year of your Majejly's reign, (intituled, An act for granting and continuing the duties upon fait, and upon red and white herrings, for the further term of fix years; and for declaring that the duties on fait, which arife and are payable in that part ot Great Britain called Scotland, lhall be fubjed to the fame charges thereon, as the fame duties were liable to by the ad of the fifth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft) it was enacted, That from and after the determination-of the	**

term of feven years, mentioned in an aft of the fourteenth year of your • Majejiys reign, (intituled, An act for granting and continuing the duties upon fait, and upon red and white herrings, for the further term of feven years ; and for allowing rock fait to be ufed in making fait from fea water at the fait works at Neath in the county of Glarmorgan) the fiveral and refpeftive rates and duties upon fait, and upon red and white herrings, which by the faid aft of the fourteenth year of yout Majejly's reign were continued,

Jbould be further continued for and during the fpace offix years ; and that the fame Jbould be managed, raifed, levied, collefted, fecured and paid in fuch manner and form,' and by and under fuch powers, authorities, penalties, forfeitures, prcvifions, rejiriftions and regulations for managing, raifing, levying, collefting, fecuring and paying the fame, and with fuch allowances for prompt payment, and for wajle of fait carried coajlwife, or to Ireland, and forfjh, beef and pork exported to parts beyond the fcas, and with fuch drawbacks or debentures on account of duties paid or fecured to be paid for fait exported to parts beyond the feas, as were particularly mentioned in the afts recited in the faid aft of the eighteenth year of your Majejiys reign \ and that the faid afts therein recited, ar\d every article, rule, daufe, matter ana thing therein contained, or thereby referred unto, and then being in force, and not otherwifi altered by that aft, Jbould be and continue in full force and effeft, for and during the faid further term offix years, as fully and amply to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been particularly recited, exprejfcd and enafted, in the body of that aft ; with a provifo therein contained, That the duties on fait, ariftng and payable in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, Jbould be fubjeft to the fame or the like char- 5GJ0.1.C. 2* ges thereon, in the fame manner as the fame duties were liable or fubjeft to by an aft made in the fifth year of his late majefiy King George the Firft, (intituled; An act for fettling certain yearly funds payable out of the revenue of Scotland, to fatisfy publick debts in Scotland, and other ufes mentioned in the treaty of union ; and to difeharge the equivalents claimed on behalf of Scotland in the

B 2	terms

4

Anno vicesimo fexto Georgii II. C. 3. C1753*

terms of the fame treaty j and for obviating all future difputes, charges, and expences concerning thofe equivalents:) and whereat it was by theJaid aft made in the eighteenth year of your Majejlys reign further enafted, That the money which Jhould from time to time arife at the receipt of the exchequer, of or for the rates or duties by the faid aft continued, Jhould from time to time, as the fame Jhould arife at the faid receipt (after all the orders of loan made forth by and in purfuance of the Jaid aft made in the fourteenth year of your Majejlys reign\ together with all the interejl due thereupon,, Jhould be fully fa-tisfied and difcharged, or money Juffcient Jhould be referved for that purpofe) be ijfued and applied at the faid receipt for or towards the paying off and difcharging all and every the principal furns contained in the orders of loan by the faid aft of the eighteenth year of your Majejlys reign, dire fted to be made forth, and for fatisfying the inter ef thereof, in fuch courfe, manner and form as are in the faid aft preferibed and appointed for that purpofe, until all the principal and inter ef payable upon fuch orders Jhould be fully fatisfied, or fufficient money Jhould be referved in the exchequer for the full payment and fatisfaftion ofthe fame, as in thefaid aft is direfted, andfor no other ufe, intent or purpofe tvhatfoever; and by the faid aft it was provided, That in cafe there Jhould be any furplus or remainder of the monies ariftng by thefaid rates and duties thereby continued, after all the orders by the faid aft of the eighteenth year of your Majejlys reign, direfted to be made forth, and the inter ef thereofJhould be fully fatisfiedand dif charged, or moneyfuff-dent Jhould be refervedfor that purpofe, fuch furplus or remainder of the faid rates and duties Jhould from time to time be referved for the dif-pofition of parliament, and Jhould not be ijfued but by authority ofparliament, and as Jhould be direfted by any future aft or afts of parliament in that behalf, as by the faid aft, relation being thereunto had, may more fully appear : and whereas all the orders of loan made forth in purfuance of the faid aft of the fourteenth year of your Majejlys reign, together with all the interejl due thereupon, have been fully fatisfied and difeharged: and whereas the principal Jfum of one million hath, in purfuance of the faid aft of the eighteenth year of your Ma-jejlys reign, been advanced and paid on the credit of the faid rates and duties and orders of loan have been made forth to the several contributors, for the repayment thereof, with inter ejl after the rate ef three pounds ten JhiUings per centum per annum : and whereas part of the faid orders of loan fo made forth in purfuance of the lajl mentioned aft, together with all the interejl due thereupon, hath been already difeharged and fatisfied, and the refidue thereof may, according to the courfe in the faid aft prejcribed, be paid off and difeharged before the expiration of the term of fix years, for which the faid rates and duties were by the faid aft of the eighteenth year of your Ma-jejlys reign further granted and continued: now we your Majesty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, gratefully acknowledging your Ma-jefty’s tender care of the welfare of your people, in recommending to us from your throne, the continuance of our attention to the redudhonof the national debt, the improvement of the pub-Yick revenue, and augmenting the (inking fund, and being de-iirous to make further provifion for thofe purposes •, to the end 2	that



5

1753*1	Anno vicesimo fexto Georgh II. c. j.

that the nation may thereby acquire additional credit, power and fecurity, have unanimoufly refolved to give and grant to your Majesty, your heirs and fucceflors for ever, the faid rates and duties upon fait, and upon red and white herrings, by the faid lafi mentioned aCl of the eighteenth year of your Majesty’s reign, continued for the term of fix years, fubjeCl neverthelefs to * be redeemed by parliament: and do therefore moft humbly be-feech your Majesty that it may be ena&ed ; and be it enaCted The duties by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice uP°n and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in ^ite her-this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of therjngs> mads‘ fame. That from and after the expiration of the term of fix years, perpetual; for which the faid rates and duties were continued by the faid aCl of the eighteenth year of his Majesty’s reign, the several and refpe&ive rates and duties upon fait, and upon red and white tQ fJie herrings, fo by the faid lad-mentioned aCl continued, shall be ru|es, See. of and are hereby granted and made payable unto his Majesty, his 18Geo,». c. * heirs and fucceflors for ever, fubje<5fc neverthelefs to redemption by parliament; and that the fame shall be managed, raifed, levied, colle&ed, fecured and paid, in fuch manner and form, and by and under fuch powers, authorities, penalties, forfeitures, provifions, reftriCtions and regulations, for managing, raifing, levying, collecting, fecuring and paying the fame, and with fuch allowances for prompt payment, and for wade on fait carried coaftwife, or to Ireland, and for fi(h, beef and pork exported to parts beyond the feas, and with fuch other allowances, and with fuch drawbacks or debentures, on account of duties paid or fecured to be paid, for fait exported to parts beyond the teas, as are particularly mentioned in the aCts recited in the faid act of the eighteenth year of his Majesty’s reign, or in any other aCl now in force, relating to the faid several rates and duties; and that fo much of the (aid aCl, and of the aCts therein recited, and of every other a<5t as is now in force, and as relates to the managing, raifing, levying, collecting, fecuring and paying of the faid rates and duties, or the faid allowances, drawbacks and debentures, shall be and remain in full force and effeCt for ever, as fully and amply to all intents and purposes as if the fame were particularly recited, exprefled and enaCted in the body of this aCt.

II.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it enaCled and declared, Duties on fak

That the duties on fait arifing and payable in that part of Greatin Scotland Britain called Scotland, are and shall be fubjeCt to the fame or	bthe

the like charges thereon, in the fame manner as the fame duties * Geo?*. c!*o. were liable or fubjeCl to by an aCt made in the fifth year of the 5

reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, (intituled. An alt for fettling certain yearly funds payable out of the revenue of Scotland, to fatify publick debts in Scotland, and other ufes mentioned in the treaty of union ; and to difeharge the equivalents claimed on be-half of Scotland, in the terms of the fame treaty ; and for obviating all future difputes, charges and expences concerning thofe equivalents) any thing in this aCt contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid,

B 3	That

€

After payment of principal ana in-tereft of the Joan on i8Geo.2.C'5.

thefe duties to be carried to fhe (inking

fc»d.

Anno vicesimo fexto Georgii II. C. 4—6.	£1753.

That after all the orders of loan made forth in purfbance of the faid adfc of the eighteenth year of his present Majefty* s reign, together with all interest due thereupon, shall be fully difcharged and fatisfied, or money fufficient shall be referved for that pur-pofc, all the monies which shall from time to time arife at the receipt of the exchequer, as well of or for the faid rates and duties by the faid a<5t of the eighteenth year of his present Majesty’s reign continued, as of or*ifor the rates and duties by this a<5l granted and made perpetual, shall be carried to and made part of the fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, and shall and may be iflued and applied in fuch manner, and to fuch ufes and purposes as other rates, duties, revenues and incomes, compof-ing the faid fund, are or shall be direfted by authority of parliament to be iflued and applied, and for no other ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever.

CAP. IV..

An a& for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty three. EXP. At is, in the pound.

CAP. V.

An act for punching mutiny and defertion $ and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. E X P.

CAP. VI.

jin aft to oblige flips more effectually to perform their qua-rentine •, and for the better preventing the plague being brought from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the ifies of Guernsey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark, or Man.

\\T H E R E A S it is necessary that fome proufion be made by * * parliament,for obliging Jhips and persons coming from places infcded with or frequently Jubjeft to the plague, to perform quaren-tine in fuch manner as hath been or shall be ordered by his Majcfly, his heirs or fuccefjors 5 and for punijhbtg offenders therein in a more expeditious manner than can be done by the ordinary methods of law \ be it enatfted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and AH veflels, commons in parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the persons and fame, That all (hips and veflels arriving, and all persons, goods from teces^anc* merchancl‘zes whatfoever, coming or imported into any f!om whence Port or P^ace within Great Britain or Ireland, or the ides of the plague	Guernsey,	Jerfey,	Alderney, Sark or Man, from any place from

•may be whence his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, by and with the brought,fub. advice Qf his or their privy council shall judge it probable that formq^	the infe&ion may be brought, shall be obliged to make their

rentine in	quarentine in fuch place and places, for fuch time and in fueli

fuch places as manner, as hath been or (hall, from time to time, be directed (ball be ap-	hjs Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, by his or their order or

pomte }	orders made in his or their privy council, and notified by pro-

clamation, or publifhed in the London Gazette; and that until fuch (hips, veflels, persons, goods and merchandizes shall hav$

re-

 

7

*75S*] Anno vicesimo fexto Georgii II. c. 6.

*efpeCtiveIy performed, and be difcharged from fuch quarentine, no fuch perfon, goods or merchandizes, or any of them, shall come or be brought on (hore, or go or be put on board any o-ther (hip or veffeT, in any place within his Majesty’s dominions, unlefs in fuch manner, and in fuch cafes, and by fuch licence as shall be directed or permitted by fuch order or orders made by his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefiors, in council as aforefaid ; and that all luch (hips and veffels, and the persons or goods coming or imported in, or going or being put on board the fame, and all (hips, veflels, boats and persons receiving any goods or persons out of the fame, shall be fubjeCt to fuch orders, rules and directions concerning quarentine, and the prevention of infection, as have been or mall be made by his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors in council, and notified by proclamation, or publifhed in the London Gazette as aforefaid.

II. And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority afore-	.

faid. That if the plague shall appear on board any (hip, being	^|n

to the northward of cape Fintfttrrey the mafter, commander or to the’north-other person having charge thereof, shall immediately proceed ward ofr Cape to the harbour of New Grimjby in the islands of Sciffy, where Fin‘fterre, to being arrived, he shall make known his cafe to fome officer ofSar^urof thecuftoms there, who shall immediately acquaint fomecuftom- New Grimlby, houfe officer of fome near port of England thereof, and the faid and give no-cuftom-houfe officer shall with all poflible fpeed fend up the in- ticeof their telligence thereof to one of his Majesty’s principal fecretaries of ^n/mitted ftate, that fuch meafures may be taken for the comfort and fup- to the fecre-port of the crew of fuch (hip fo infected, and fuch precautions tary’s office, ufied to prevent the fpreading of the infection, as the cafe (hall&c* require; and the faid (hips shall remain at the faid islands of Seilly, till his Majesty’s pleafure be known; nor shall any of her crew go on (hore; but in cafe the faid mafter, commander or v other person having charge of the faid (hip fo infected, shall not Veflelg not be able to make the faid islands of Sally, pr shall be forced by able to maks ftrefs of weather or otherwife to go up' either of the channels, he Seilly, to re-(hall not prefume to enter with fuch (hip into any port, but shall ^ remain in fome open road, till he receives orders from his Ma-ders arrive." jefty, or his privy council, and shall take care to prevent any of his (hip’s company from going out of his (hip, and to avoid all intercourfe with other (hips or persons ; and the faid mafter or any other person on board fuch (hip as aforefaid, who shall be difobedient herein, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and o^dience fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy ; and deatb!^ * every fuch offence fo made felony, shall and may be enquired of, heard and determined in the county where the offence shall be committed, or clfe in the county where the offender shall be apprehended.

III.	And to the end that it mav be better known whether any (hip or veffel be actually infected with the plague, or whether fuch (hip or veffel, or the mariners or cargo coming and imported in the fame, are liable to any orders touching quaren- any tine; be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That piacc dialt b# when any country or place is or shall be infected with the infected, or

B+	plague;





S	Anno	vicefuno	fexto	Georgii	II.	c.6:	^1753

orders made, plague; or when any order or orders is, are or {haU be node officers to go by nis Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, concerning quarantine, Inter-an(* Preventlon infe&ion as aforefekl ; as often as any

rogate the matter concerning the (hip’s cargo and voyage, health* &c.

(hip or veflel shall attempt to enter into any port or place in Great Britain or Ireland, or of the ides of Guernsey, J/rfey, Alderney, Sark or Man, the principal officer of his Majeay’s cu-ftoms in fuch port or place, or fuch person as shall be authorized to fee quarentine duly performed, shall go^ off, or caufe fome other person to be by him appointed for that purpofe to go off to fuch (hip or veflel; and fuch officer, or other person authorized to fee quarentine performed as aforefaid, or the person fo by him appointed for that purpofe, (hall, at a convenient diftance from fuch (hip or veflel, demand of the. commander, mafter or other person having charge of fuch (hip or veflel; and fuch commander, mafter or other person having charge of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall, upon fuch demand, give a true account of the following particulars ; that is to fay, the name.of fuch (hip or veflel j the name of the commander or person having charge thereof; at what place or places the cargo was taken on board ; what place or places the (hip or veflel touched at in her voyage; whether fuch places, or any, and which qf them were inte&ed with the plague ; how long fuch (hip or veflel had been in her paflage ; how many persons were on board when the {aid (hip or veflel fet fail; whether any and what persons, during that voyage on board fuch (hip or veflel, had been or shall be then intedled with the plague; how many died in the voyage, and of what diftemper; what (hips or veflels he, or arty of his (hip’s company, with his privity went on board, or had any of their company come on board his (hip or veflel in the voyage; and nun man oc t0 w^at P^ace ^Ps or ve^s belonged ; and alfo the true onbTardj&c. contents of his lading, to the beft of his knowledge : and in cafe the veflel’to it shall appear upon fuch examination or otherwife, that any per-be obliged to fon then on board fuch (hip or veflel shall at the time of fuch perform qua- examination be actually infected with the plague, or that fuch feu me, (hip j$ 0b>liged to perform quarentine, in (uch cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the officers of any of his Majesty’s , {hips of war, or any of his Majesty’s forts orgarrifons, and all other his Majesty’s officers whom it may concern, upon notice thereof given to them, or any of them refpe&ively, and to and for any other person or persons whom they shall call to their aid and afliftance, and they are hereby required to oblige fuch (hip or veflel to go and repair to fuch place as hath been or shall be appointed for performance of quarentine, and to ufe alfneceflary means for that purpofe, be it by firing of guns upon fuch (hip or veflel, or any other kind of force or violence whatfoever; and If the veflel in cafe any fuch (hip or veflel shall come from any place vifited shall come with the plague, or have any person on board actually infe&ed, fr®.n'a*V Placc and the commander, mafter or other person having charge of have the in-	or	ve^el> conceal the fame, fuch commander,

fe&ion on mafter or other person haying charge of fuch (hip or veflel, shall beard the be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hafl fuifer death as in cafes of

felony

If the infection shall be



1753*1	•	Ar<no	vicefimoforto Georgii II. c. 5.	9

fehany without benefit of detgy; arid fa cafe fuch commander, matter con-mafleror other person having charge of fuch fhip or veflel, shall JJtc upon fuch demand made as aforefaid, not make a true difcovery oTfeiony jy ift any other of the particulars aforefaid, fuch commander ma-	*

fter or other peri&n having charge of fuch (hip or veflel, for e- anJ not mak-very fuch offence shall forfeit the futri of two hundred pounds, jng a true dif-one moiety thereof to the King his heirs and fucceflbrs, and the covery in o-other moiety to him or them who shall fue for the fame, by |lier particu-action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s to forfelt courts of record at fVeJlminftery Edinburgh, Dublin, or in the proper courts of the ides of Guernsey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark or Man refpedtively.

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid.

That every matter, commander or other person having charge Matter of a of any (hip nr veffd which shall be ordered to perform quaren-tine as aforefaid, (hall, after his arrival at the place appointed for 1t”ne?UarCn~ the performance of his quarentine, deliver on demand to the chief officer appointed to fee quarentine duly performed there, tQ dcj.iver to fuch bill of health, and manifeft, as he (half have received from the officer the any Britijh conful during his voyage, together with his log-book bill of health, and journal, under penalty of forfeiting five hundred pounds ; one moiety thereof to the King, his heirs and fucceflbrs, the ^nfui • with other moiety to him or them who shall fue for the fame, by thC log’-book adtion of debt, bill, plaint or information* in any of his Majesty’s and journal, courts of record at JVeflminJler, Edinburgh, Dublin, or in the under penalty proper courts of the ifles of Guernsey, Jerfey > Alderney, Sark or of 500 *

Man refpedtively.

V.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That	&c.

ifany commander, matter or other person having charge of any qUjttingthe (hip or veflel liable to perform quarentine, having notice there- vcttel tefore of, shall himfelf quit, or shall knowingly permit or fuffer any quarentine Teaman or paflenger coming in fuch (hip or veflel, to quit fuch pCifrr (hip or veflel, by going on fhore, or by going on board any o- cence^j * ther (hip, boat or veflel before fuch quarentine shall be fully performed, unlefs fa fuch cafes, and by fuch proper licence as

(hair be diredted or permitted by fuch order or orders made or to be made concerning quarentine, and the prevention 'of in-fedtion as aforefaid ; or in cafe any commander, mafter or o-ther person having charge of fuch (hip or veffel, shall not, with- or not going in convenient time after due notice given for that purpofe by t0 place the proper officer, caufe fuch (hip or veflel, and the lading	jt0

thereof, to be conveyed into the place or places appointed for fuch °r c 500 (hip, veflel and lading to perform quarentine refpedlively ; then, and in every fuch cafe, every fuch commander, matter or other person having charge of fuch (hip or veflel, for every fuch offence thall forfeit five'hundred pounds; one moiety thereof to the King, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or and them who will fue for the fame ; and alfo if any person (ball fo vcireUo be* quit fuch fhip or veflel by going on (bore, or by going on board obliged by any other (hip or veflel, contrary to the true meaning of this *orcc to re-adt, it shall and may be lawful for all persons whatsoever, by turn*

any

 v^iOOQle

IO

and to fuffer imprifon-ment, and forfeit zool.

Lazarets may be ere&ed on common or private grounds, making fatis-fa&ion to the proprietors.

In cafe of difference, the fame to be fettled by a jury at the

2uarterfef-ons.

Anno viccfimo fextoGEORGii II. c. 6.	[*753;

any kind of force and violence, to compel fuch person to return on board fuch lhip or veffel j and every fuch person fo quitting fuch fhip or veffel shall for every fuch offence fuffer imprifon-ment for the fpace of fix months, and shall alfo forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds; one moiety to the King, his heirs and fucceffors, the other moiety to him or them that will fuc for the fame; the fame refpe&ive penalties and forfeitures to.be recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint or infoi^nation, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVeJlminJier, Edinburgh, Dub~ Jin, or in the proper courts of the ides of Guernsey^ Jerfey, Alderney,, Sari, or Man refpedtively.

VI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That whenever his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, by and with the advice and content of parliament, shall diredt houfes or lazarets to be provided for the receiving and entertaining of per-fons obliged to perform quarentine, or for the depofiting, opening and airing of goods and merchandizes liable to perform quarentine as aforefaid, it shall and may be lawful to eredt the fame either in any wafte grounds or commons, or where fuch wafte grounds or commons are not fufficient, in the several grounds of any person or persons whatfoever, not being a houfe,

Sark, garden, orchard, yard or planted walk, or avenue to a oufe, paying fuch rate, rent or confideration for the fame ta the persons interefted therein refpedtively, according to their several interefts in the fame, as shall be agreed on between the persons fo interefted, their guardians or truftees, and any two persons to be appointed for that purpofe by his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, under his or their fign manual; and in cafe of any difference concerning fuch rate, rent or confideration between the persons fo interefted, their guardians or truftees, and fuch persons fo to be appointed by his Majesty, his heirs or fucceffors as aforefaid, then and in fuch cafes the faid persons fo to be appointed by his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, may and are hereby authorized, thirty clear days before any general quar-ter feflion of the peace to be holden for the refpe&ive counties or divifions where fuch grounds shall refpedtively lie as aforefaid, to give or caufe to be given, to the occupier or occupiers of fuch several grounds, or to be left at their laft places of abode refpec-tively, a notice in writing, deferibing the quantity of ground fo diredted by his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, by and with the advice and confent of parliament, for the purposes aforefaid, and purporting that the rent or confideration of fuch ground will be adjufted and fettled by a jury at the faid feffions; and the juftices at their faid feffions, upon proof to them made that fuch notices have been given, shall and are hereby authorized and required to charge the jury which shall attend at the faid feffions, or (bme other jury of twelve honeft and fubftantial men (to be then and there impanelled and returned by the (heriff of the county, without fee or reward) and caufe to be fworn, well and truly on their oaths to affefs the value of the ground comprized in the faid notices, and the rent or confideration to be given for the

fame



 L^ooQle

II

1753.] Anno vicesimo fexto Georgii II. c. 6.

fame to the refpeCtive owner or owners thereof, according to their refpeCtive intcrefts therein; which oath the faid juftices are hereby required to adminifter to the laid jury, and to which fa id jury the faid persons to be appointed by nis Majesty, his his heirs and fucceflors, and the parties interefted in fuch ground shall have their lawful challenges $ and the faid jury being fo fwom and charged as aforefaid, after proper evidence on oath given to them, shall by their verdict aflefs the rent or confidera-tion to be given for fuch ground to the refpeCtive owner or owners thereof, according to their refpeCtive interefts therein; which verdiCt of the faid jury, and judgment of the faid juftices thereupon, shall be conclufive and finally bind all parties; and that from and after fuch verdiCt and judgment, his Majesty, his heirs and fucceftbrs, shall and may hold and enjoy fuch ground for and during all fuch time and term as his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, shall judge neceflary for the purposes aforefaid, paying for the fame luch rate, rent, or other confideration, as shall be agreed upon, or aflefled and adjudged as aforefaid.

VIL And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. Officers to o-That the proper officers authorized to put in execution fuch or- blige all per-ders made or to be made as aforefaid, (hall, and they are here- fonsto com-by impowered and required to caufe and compel all persons o- {jenT °r~ bJiged to perform quarentine as aforefaid, and all goods and merchandizes comprized within any fuch orders made or to be made as aforelaid, refpeCtively to repair, or be conveyed to fotrje of the faid houfes or lazarets, or to fuch other places as shall be provided for the reception of fuch persons, goods or merchandizes, or for the opening and airing of fuch goods or merchandizes, according to fuch order or orders made or to be made as aforefaid.

VIII.	And be it further enabled. That if any person obliged ptrfons ^ to perform quarentine as aforefaid, shall wilfully refufe or ne- fating to per-gleCt to repair, within convenient time after due notice for that form quiren-purpofe given to him, her or them, by the proper officer, to thetine» houfe, lazaret, or other place, duly appointed for him, her or

them, or having been placed in fuch houfe or lazaret, or other place, shall efcape or attempt to efcape out of the fame before quarentine fully performed ; it shall and may be lawful to and officers may for the watchmen, and other persons appointed to fee quarcn- compel them tine performed, by fuch force as the cafe shall require, to com- by forcc# pel every fuch person fo refuflng or neglecting as aforefaid, and every fuch person fo cfcaping or attempting to efcape as aforefaid, to repair or return into fuch houfe, lazaret, or other place fo appointed for him or her as aforefaid; and every fuch person fo refuflng or neglecting to repair, within convenient time after perf0ns efcap-fuch notice as aforefaid, into fuch houfe, lazaret, or other place ing,&c. guilty appointed for him or her as aforefaid; and alfo every person of felony, actually efcaping as aforefaid, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall fuffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

IX.	And whereas difobedience or refraffory behaviour in persons under quarentine may be attended with great danger and inconvenience;

becuce.

 L.ooQle

be obliged to continue there, and perform qua* rentine;

and if he efcape, to be guilty of felony.

12	Anno	vicesimo fcxto Geoxgii II. C. 6.	[1753.

be it further enacted by the authority afore&kl* That all per-fons liable to perform quarentine, whether in (hips, lazarets, or clfewhere, shall be fubje<51, during the faid quarentine, to fuch orders as they shall receive from the proper officers authorized to fee it dulv performed; and the faid officers are hereby im-p owe fed and required to enforce all neceflary obedience to their laid orders; and may, in cafe of neceffity, call in others to their afliftance; and all persons fo called are hereby required to aSift accordingly.

Sound rf	And ^ xt farther ena<3ed, That if any person not in-

enteringa la-S	whh *he plague, nor liable to perform quarentine, (hall

xarct, &c. enter any houfe, lazaret, or other place fo appointed aaafore-whcrc the in- faid, whilft any person or persons infedted with the plague, or te&ion it, to being under quarentine, shall be therein; and shall return, or attempt to return from thence, unlefs in fuch cafes, and by fuch licence, as shall be dire&ed or permitted by fuch order or orders made or to be made as aforefaid; it shall and may be lawful to and for the watchmen, or other persons appointed to guard or fecure fuch houfe, lazaret, or other place fo appointed as aforefaid, by fuch force as the cafe shall require, to compel fuch person fo returning or attempting to return, to repair into fuch houfe, lazaret, or other place fo Appointed as aforefaid, there to continue and perform quarentine: and in cafe fuch person shall actually efcape out of fuch houfe, lazaret, or other place where he or fhe shall be fo placed for performance of quarentine, before he or (he shall have fully performed tht fame, he or (he shall be adjudged guiltv of felony, and shall fuffer death as a felon, without benefit ct clergy.

XI.	And it is hereby further enacted. That if any officer or "duty °®ccrs his Majesty’s cuftoms, or any other officer or officers,

fo forfeit bis person or persons whatfoever, to whom it doth or shall appertain, to execute any order or orders made or to be made concerning quarentine, or the prevention of infe&ion, and notified as aforefaid, or to fee the fame put in execution, shall be guilty of any wilful breach or neglect of his or their duty in that behalf, every fuch officer and person fo offending shall forfeit his office or employment in the cuftoms, or any other office or employment, and shall become from thenceforth incapable to hold or enjoy the fame, or to take a new grant thereof, and forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to the King, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall or will fue for the fame by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminfter, Edinburgh, Dublin, or in the proper courts of the ides of Guernsey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark or Man, refpe&ively; and if any fuch officer or person shall embezzle, or shall knowingly and willingly damage any goods performing quarentine under his direction, he shall be liable to pay treble damages, and full cofts of fuit.

XII.	And whereas certain fpecies of goods and merchandizes are more efpecially liable to retain infection> and may be brought from

places

office, and tool.

•and if he embezzle any goods, to pay treble damages.

 

!753*1 Anno vicesimo fexto Gkorgii II. c. 6.	i	j

places infefled into other countries, and from thence imported into his Mcjcjlfs dominions in Ihips not obliged to perform quarentine ; be it enacted hy the authority aforefaid, That all fuch goods and Goods fpe-merchandizes as are or shall be particularly fpecified for that to be purpofe, in any order or orders, made or to be made concerning, quarentine, and the prevention of infection as aforefaid, which mall be imported into any of his Majesty’s dominions, from any foreign country or place, in any (hip or vefTel whatfoever, shall be fubjedl and liable to fuch order or orders made or to be made concerning quarentine, and the prevention of infe&ion as afore-faid.

XIII.	And it is hereby further ena&ed, That after quarentine shall have been duly performed by any (hip or veflel, person or 0n proo^ persons, obliged to perform quarentine, according to fuch order that the vef-or orders made as aforefaid, and this a<ft, and upon proof to be fel hath per-made by the oaths of the mafter, or other person having charge formed qu*-offuch (hip or veflel, and of two of the persons belonging to r€ntmc* fuch (hip or veflel, or upon proof to be made by the oaths of two or more credible witnefles, before the cuftomer, comptrolr ler or collector of the port where fuch quarentine shall be performed, or the next port thereunto, or before any of their deputies, or any justice of the peace living near to fuch port, or where fuch quarentine shall have been performed within any of the faid ides of Guernsey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark or Mm, before any two jurats or mngiftrates of any of the faid ifles refpedtively,

iwhich persons arc hereby authorized and required to adminifter iichoath) that fuch (hip or veflel, and all and every fuch person and persons refpe&ively, have duly performed quarentine as aforefaid; and that the (hip or veflel, and all and every fuch that the fame person and persons, are free from infediion ; and after producing is free from a certificate to that purpofe, figned by the chief officer who fu- infedbon; perintended the quarentine of the faid (hip, then and in the faid ^are from^tho refpe&ive cafes fuch cuftomer, comptroller or colle&or, or any 0fficer &c# of their deputies, together with the faid justice of the peace,’or fuch jurats or magiftrates as aforefaid refpedtively, are hereby tlie jj- an(| required to give a certificate thereof; and thereupon fuch (hip mcn tobedif-or veflel, and all and every fuch person and persons fo having charged, performed quarentine, shall be liable to no further reftraint or detention upon the fame account, for which fuch (hip or veflel, person or persons, shall have performed quarentine as aforefaid.

XIV.	And it is hereby further enaefted, That the officer be- fee to b« fore whom fuch oath shall be made, and by whom fuch certifi- taken, cate shall be given, shall for fuch refpedlive oath and certificate demand or take no fee or reward whatfoever.

XV.	Provided neverthelfcfs, and it is hereby enabled, That all goods, wares and merchandizes, liable to quarentine as a- complied°with forefaid, shall be opened and aired in fuch place or places, and tor the airing for fuch time, and in fuch manner, as shall be directed by his of goods; Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, by fuch order or orders to be on made as aforefaid; and after fuch orders shall have been duly com- fic^£aft<* • plied with, and a certificate thereof given by the chief officer ap- pro° *

pointed





J4

the goods to be dMcharged.

Officer demanding a fee for fnch oath or certificate, to forfeit iool.

Superintend-ant of the quarentine, or watchman, a&ing contrary to their duty.

•r officer giving a falfc certificate, to fuffer death.

Anno vicesimo fexto Georgii II. c. 6.

[»753-

pointed to fuperintend the quarentine and airing of fuch goods, wares and merchandizes, and proof shall be made thereof, by the oaths of two or more credible witnefles, before the cuftomer, comptroller or collector of the port, lying next to fuch place or places where fuch goods, wares or merchandizes, shall have been opened and aired as aforefaid, or any of their deputies, or any justice of the peace living near the fame, or before any two jurats or magi ft rates of the (aid ifles of Guemfey, Jerfey, Alder-ney, Sark or Man refpcCtively, (who are hereby authorized and required to adminifter fuch oath) upon certificate and return of fuch proof by fuch cuftomer, comptroller or collector, or any of their deputies, or fuch two jurats or magiftrates as aforefaid, (who are hereby refpe&ively required to make fuch certificate and return to the commissioners appointed for the management of the customs of Great Britain or Ireland, or to the governor or commander in chief, being upon the place, in the ides of Guemfey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark ox Man refpe&ively) fuch goods, wares and merchandizes, ihall be forthwith difeharged from any reftraint or detention upon the fame account, ty order of the faid commifiioners, or any two of them, or of the faid governor or commander in chief of any of the faid ifles as aforefaid re-fpe&ively; for eveiy of which oath, certificate and order, no fee or reward whatfoever shall be demanded or taken.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it enabled, That if any officer or other person shall demand or take any fee or reward whatfoever for any fuch oath, order or certificate, to be admi-niftered or made in purfuance of this a<5t, every person fo offending shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall fue for the fame, by aCtion ot debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at TVtflminftery Edinburgh, Dublin, or in the proper courts of Guemfey, Jet fey, Alderney, Sark or Man refpedively, in which cafe treble colls shall be allowed to either party as in other cafes.

XVII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any officer or other person appointed to fee quarentine duly performed, or any person placed or appointed as a watchman upon any houfe, lazaret, (hip or other place, for performance of quarentine in purfuance of this adl, shall defert from their duty when employed on the faid bufinefs of quarentine, or shall knowingly and willingly permit or fuffer any perfon, (hip, goods or merchandizes, to depart or be conveyed out of fuch houfe, lazaret, (hip or other place refpe&ively appointed for performance of quarentine, unlefs in fuch cafes, and by fuch licence, as are or shall be directed or permitted by fome order or orders made or to be made as aforefaid; or if any person directed as aforefaid to give a certificate of a (hip’s having duly performed her quarentine or airing, shall knowingly give a fal& certificate; then and in every of the faid cafes, every fuch officer



15

,753*] Anno viccfimo fcxto Georgii II. c. 6.

cer and person fo offending shall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Perfons con-That if any person or persons shall knowingly or wilfully con- cealing or ceal from the officers of quarentine, or shall clandeftinely con- conveying Ict-vey any letters, goods, wares or merchandizes from any (hip tcrs 0r g<x>d* under quai'entine, or liable to perform quarentine, by any fuch from any (hip order to be made as aforefaid, or from any lazaret or other place under quaren-where goods shall be performing quarentine, every fuch person ^y'l^aret to fo offending shall fuffer death, as in cafes of felony, without iufer death', benefit of clergy.

XIX.	And whereas it is notorious, that notwithjianding the many good laws made to prevent the clandejiine importation of cvfomable and prohibited goods and merchandizes, a pernicious trade of that kind is fill carried on, for the mof part in open boats or vejfels of fmall burthen, which privately and in the night put into creeks and Jecret places on the coafl, thereby efcaping the obfervation of the officers of the cuftoms, which practices may prove highly detrimental to the fafety of thefe kingdoms during a time of infeftion; for prevention thereof, be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That During them-when any part of Great Britain, Ireland, or the iilesof Guernsey, fc&»°n in the Jerfey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or France, Spain, Portugal or mcntione7m the Low Countries, shall beinfe&ed with the plague, it shall and (ma|i veffcJs may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his heirs and fucccffors, to give fecuri-by his or their proclamation to prohibit and reftrain all fmall Vi n°t to touch boats and veffels, under the burthen of twenty tons, from fail-

ing or paffing out of any port or place of Great Britain or Ireland, mentioned in or the ides of Guernsey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark and Man, or any a proclawv of them, until fecurity be firft given by the mafter of every fuch hon. boat or veffel refpectively, to the fatisfadtion of the principal officer of the cuftoms, or the chief magiftrate of the port or place from whence fuch boat or veffel shall fail, by bond taken to the King, his heirs or fucceffors, with fufficient fureties, in the penalty of three hundred pounds, with condition that if fuch boat or veffel shall not go to, or toiich at any country, port or place to be mentioned for that purpofe in fuch proclamation ; and if the mafter or other person having charge of fuch boat or veffel, and all and every mariner and mariners, paffenger and paflengers going in fuch boat or veffel lhall, during the time a-forefaid, not go on board any other (hip or veffel at fea, and if fuch mafter or other person having charge of fuch boat or veffel lhall not permit or fuffer any person or persons to come on board fuch boat or veffel at fea from any other (hip or veffel, and shall not, during the time aforefaid, receive any goods and merchandizes whatfoever out of any other (hip or veffel, then fuch bond shall be void, or to fuch effect; for the making of which veffels failing bond no fee or reward whatfoever shall be taken ; and in cafe without fuch any boat or veffel for which fuch fecurity shall be required by fecurity to be foch proclamation, shall fet fail or pafs out of any port or place f°r‘cited • of Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jerfey, Alderney, Sark and Man, or any of them reflectively, before fuch

fecurity





fccurity be given as aforefaid, every fuch boat or veflel fo failing or parting out of any port or place, contrary to the true intent ana meaning of this a<ft, together with her tackle, apparel and furniture, shall be forfeited to the King; his hi-rs ?.nd fucceflors, and shall and may be feized, fued for, and recovered in his Majefly’s court of exchequer at 1VeJlminJtery -Edinburgh or Dublin % or in the proper courts of the ides of Gutrnfejy Jerfey, Al~ derney, Sark or Man refpedlively, to the Ofe of his Majesty, his ami the mafter heirs anc^ fucceflors; and the matter of, and every mariner fail-and crew to ing in any fuch boat or veflel, being thereof lawfully convi&ed forfeit *ol. upon his or their appearance or default, upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, by one or more justice or jufliccs of the peace where fuch offender lhall be found (which oath fuch justice or juftices of the peace are hereby im-powered and required to adminifter) shall forfeit the sum of' twenty pounds; one moiety thereof to the informer, the other moiety to the poor of the parish where fuch offender shall be found ; the fame to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offend-* er’s goods, by warrant under the hand and feal or the hands and feals of fuch justice or juftices before whom fuch offender shall be convi&ed as aforefaid ; and for want of fufficient diftrefs, every fuch offender shall by fuch justice or juftices be committed to prifon, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the fpace of three months; and in cafe any fuch offender shall be found in any of the faid ifles of Guernsey, Jerfeyy Alderney, Sark or Many and shall be lawfully convidted or fuch offence in any a&ion or fuit to be founded on this alt, in the proper court of any of the faid ifles where he shall be fo found, fuch offender shall forfeit

Orders concerning qua-rentine to be read in dburchcs, See.

the sum of twenty pounds, one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish or place whepe fuch offender shall be found ; and in default of paying fuch penalty shall fuffer imprifonment without bail or mainprize for the fpace of three months.

XX.	And, to the end that all perfbns may know how to demean themfelves in the premifles, be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That when and as often as his Majesty, his heirs or fuccceflors, shall make any order or orders concerning quarantine, and the prevention of infection, and notify the fame by proclamation, or caufe the fame to hepublifhed in, the London Gazette, as aforefaid ; fuch proclamation, or order or orders in council, as aforefaid, shall be-publickly read upon the next Sunday on which divine fetvice shall be performed after the receipt of the fame, and the firft Sunday in every month afterwards (during the time fuch orders shall continue in force) immediately after the prayers in all parish ehurches, and other places fet apart for divinfc worfhip, within fuch epunties and places as shall be fpecified for that purpofe in fuch proclamation or orders refpe&ivdy.

XXI.	And be it further: enadted by the authority aforefaid. That if any adtion or fuit shall -be commenced againft any per-fon or persons for any thing done in purfuance of this prefent

*



*75 5*] Anno iri&fimo fexto Georgii II. c. 7, 84	17

ad, the defendant or defendants in fuch adion or fiiit, may plead tbe general ifTue, and giv6 this ad, bnd the fpecial mat- Genera^ iffiie. ter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fane was done inpurfcance and by the authority of thefaid ad ; and if it shall appear fo to have been done, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants ; and if the plaintiff shall be nonfuited, or difcontinue his adion, after the defendant or defendants (had have appeared ; or if judgment shall have been given upon any verdid or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble cofts, and Tireble cofts. hive the like remedy for the fame, as the defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

XXII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded. That no Limitation of attainder of felony, by virtue of this ad, (frail extend to work attainder of any corruption of blood or .forfeiture of any goods, chattels, g^ny on tluf lands, tenements or hereditaments.

XXIII.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority Commence-aforefaid. That this ad, and the leveral claufes and provifions ment of this therein contained, shall commence and take effed from and after ***•

the firft day of March one thousand feven hundred and fifty four.

CAP. VII.

An act for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of (mall debts within ths borough of Bolton, and Skit neck Quarter, and the parishes of Bolton and Skirbeck, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. VIII.

An affftr opening tbe port of Exeter for tbe importation of wool\ and woollen yam from Ireland.

XX^HER E AS tbe opening of the port of Exeter for the im-* * portation of woof and woollen yam from Ireland, will be of great utility and advantage to the woollen wanufafiures in the city of Exeter, and alfo in the neighbourhood thereof by rendering the conveyance of thoje materials more eafy, cheap and expeditious, and may aljo be a means of increajing the importation of wool, and woollen jam from Ireland, into this kingdom: may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majesty, that it may be enaded and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fptritual and temporal and commons, in this prefern parliament atiembled, and by the authority of the lame. That from and after the firft day of June one thousand wool. See. (even hundred and fifty three, it shall and may be lawful for anv may be im-period or persons to import into the port of Exeter, any woo), ported from or woollen or bay-yam, wool-fells, (hortlings, tnortlings, wool- J^^^of* flocks, and worfted-yam, from Ireland; anv ad or ads of par- Ejfew j ° liament to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

II. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority afore- Under the rs-faid. That all fuch importations of wool, and woollen or bay- gulations yarn, wool-fells, fhortfings, martKngs, wool-docks, and worked-yam, from Ireland, into the (kid port of Exeter, shall be Vo*. XXI.	C	mads

 v^-ooQle

i 8	Anno vicefitno fexto Georgii II. c. 9. [ijijj:

made from fuch ports only, and uodfr the famercAriftionsaad •	regulations	in	all	refpefts,	as	wool	or	wpoUcn-yarn	is	now	by

law permitted to be imported into the several ports of Biddqford, Bantftaple, Mineheai, Bridgwater, Briftol, Milford Haven, Qhejlet, Lwerpoole, Laucoftcr and Great Yarmouth* or any of them, and in the fame manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid port of Exeter had been particularly named for the importationof by iqSc it W. the faid goods, in an aft made in the tenth and eleventh years of 3. c. xo. the reign of the late King William the Third, (intituled, An oft to prevent the exportation of wool out of the kingdoms of Ireland England into foreign parts, and for the encouragement of the wool* len manufactures in the kingdom ^England) or in any other aft or ads of parliament whatfoever.

CAP. IX.

An act to explain, amend, and rendtr more effectual a**& made in the twenty third year of the reign of hie pnefent Maj fifty, intituled. An aft: for the encouragement of the Britifh white herring fifhery; and for regulating tit faid fijhery according to the calendar now in ufe, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

aiGeo.t.c.is* Wf HERE AS by an aft made in the twenty thxrdyear of the . V V reign of bis present Majesty, intituled. An act for the encouragement of the Britijb white herring fifhery, after impotver* big bis Majesty, his heirs and fuccejfors, by letters patent, under the great feal of Great Britain, to incorporate fitndry persons in tie faid aft named, and fetch other bodies and persons, as in the faid aft are mentioned, to be one body politick and corporate, by the name 'of The Society of the free Britifh fifhery, for the purpofe of carrying on and improving the Britifh white herring fijberus \ it is, amenjrjl other things, enafted. That for an encouragement to fitch perfoiti 2s fiall become fubftribers to the flock for carrying on the faid pfhirits, that the sum of three pounds by the year for each hundred pounds, which shall be aftualiy employed in the faid fifhery, and proportionally for any greater or leffer fum, shall be paid to the proprietors of the faid flock, for and during the fpace of fourteen years from the atiteof their charter, out of the cuftoms, by the receiver general of his Afti-jeflfs cuftoms, by equal half yearly payments, provided that the faid fociety shall employ the sum of one hundred thousand pounds, 'atmft, in the faid fifberits, within the fpace of eighteen months after the date offuchfubfcrspt'm; and it is by the faid aft further provided find enafted, That fuch fum as shall bona fide be contracted to be paid within fix months, shall be deemed employed within the fenfe and mean-ing of the faid aft, in cafe fo much money of the faid company as shall bejiiffuient to anfwer the faid contra fts rejpefttvety, shall at the time ' of making the fame, be in the bank of England7 and whereas, pursuant to the powers by the faid aft gtven to his faid Majesty, a fociety by the name rf The Society of the free Britifh fifhery, hath been incorporated by charter, bearing date the eleventh day of Oftober one ’	thoufand

 CjOO^Ic

*75$ *3 Anno'^efimo fexto GeoRgii II. c.g,

tstjdfifiy, Md. a vtry confiderable fum of mo -

oqd paid in towards tarrying on the purposes offj^fdidift^ and char tar:. W whereas the faid fociety, in the car-qf#5? $ ^fkd fijhery ^d	within the term of eighteen

mpthiy qftcr the date of fuch fubfiription, or bona fide contraft to bljtitd within the term of fix months, allowed after the expiration fiffuch eighteen months^ the film of one hundred thoufandpounds* and uptfbfrdsy and actually had in the bank ^England, before the expi-r&ftdn if the faid eighteen months, money fufficient to anfwer allJuch constdft$ ; but in regard the faid fociety had not in the bank of England, at the rejpeftive times of making fuch contracts, money fufficient to anfwer the faid contracts refpeftively, a doubt bath arifen whether the Jaid fociety are, by the words of the faid aft, intitled to the in-tereft of three pounds per cent, allowed by the faid aft, for fuch fum fo by them expended or employed in the faid fijbery: and whereas, omdhgft other qualifications by the faid aft made necejfary for obtain-mgaticmte and authority for the Jatd fociety: buffies or veffiels to pro-eied on the faid fi/ben, oath is to be made by fuch persons, as in the faiduft mentioned, that it is their firm purpofe and determined refo-lutiek* that Jucb buffies or veffiels Jhall proceed either /^Braffey’s Sound in Shetland, and be at the rendezvous of the faid fijbery there, on or before the eleventh day of June, and Jhall not Jhoot or wet their nets before the thirteenth day of the faid month of June, and Jhall continue fijbing as in the faid aft dire fted, to the firfi day of October, or Jhall proceed to Campbell Town in Argyllfhire, and beat the rendezvous of the faidfi/heries on or before the firfi day of September, and Jhall cpfitinuefijbiog to the thirty firfi day of December, unlefs they Jhall have hotter completed their loading of fijh which faid ftveral nominal daps by the late alterat ion made by law, in the Jupputation of time, ip thife kingdoms, will* for tie time to come, fall eleven days earlitr in the year than was intended by the faid aft: and whereas doubts have arifen whether the buffies or veffiels employed by the faid Jociety in the ftfd fijheriesy arc by the faid aft obliged to have on board at their return into port from the jaidfijhery, the fame member of bands as they arc by the fata aft required to have on board at the rendezvous offuch veffiels i andalfo whether fuch veffiels are at liberty to put into port between the intervals of the two fi/heries, which are called the Shetland and the Yarmouth fijheries in order to change thir nets, and ot^enfiift to prepare for^ the fecondfijbery: and whereas it is further enaaefi by the faid recited aft, That every bufs or veffiel of the bur-th&ejf fevenly tons, and defigned for the faid fi/bsry, Jhall, on her proceeding to fea, have on board one fleet of fifty nets, each net to be thirty yards full upon the rope, and Jeyenjaiboms deep, and fo in proportion for any veffiels of a greater or lejfir tonnage, and be provided with one other fleet of fifty like nets, on board a jagger or tender to attend the faid fijbery, or left on Jbore in a proper place fcK the ufe of fuch hufs or veffiel \ which nets have been found by experience to be much too deep for (he Yarmouth fijbery; t^eraore /or the .putting, an end to fuch doubts, and for the fui£j*er ?nd better .regulating the laid filheries, be it enalU pd npd declared; and it is hereby ena&ed and declared by

C 2	the

*9

 

he ady)|C(j1

the King’s mod excellent Majesty, by and with the adyjjc^ and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal andfominbn^ in this present parliament auembled, and by the authoruvof The fociety fame, That the (aid fociety are, to all intents ^uid purposes* in-*

intitlcd to \ 1. titled to have and receive the interest of three , pounds by the per cent, in*	-	-	-	*	-	----- J

terelt on the fums employed by them.

formable to the calendar now in ufe.

year for each hundred pounds employed in the laid filhety, ap& proportionally for any greater or letter. fura, foriuch time apid> term of years, anil payable in fuch manner* as the (aid (bcietyp. would have been intitlcd thereto, in cafe fo much money of i^jo faid fociety as would Fr.ve been fufficicnt to anfwer their uid> contrails rcfpedively, had, at the time of making the fama* been in the bank of England \ any thing in the (aid adl eontjup-ed to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftandipg. i ,	.

Theoathwith II. And be it further enabled by the authority a£arp(^d^ refpeato the That from henceforth the oath and oaths by the laid ad require m fjrtSereii cc* *° ta^cn» Wlt^ rcfpc& to the faid (evcral npmin^T|W^ dezvous. See. thereby appointed, for the rendezvous of the faid fociety *s; forthefocie- fes or vcuels, and for the commencement and duration.of [the, ty’svcficlt, to faid fifheries, shall be varied and made conformable to.theto^ formabfe^11 *ctlc^ar novv ,n u^e 111 l^e^e kingdoms; that is to fay* That the a oath to be made in order to the procuring a licence to proceed on the faid fhhery, shall import that it is the firm purpofe determined refolution of the persons making fuch oath, that the bufs or veflel applying for licence and authority to proeeed^on the faid fifhery, shall proceed manned, furnilhed and accoutred* in fuch manner as by the faid recited ad is required, and ,npt, otherwife altered by this present ad, cither to Brajfefs Sou$4 Shetland, and be at the rendezvous of the faid fifhery ^hereT on or before the twenty second day of June» and shall not (Ju>qi wet their nets before the twenty fourth day of the faid mqojth of Juney and shall continue fi(hing as in the faid ad is tioiied, and not otherwjfe altered by this present ad, unlcfspne^ vented by lofs of mads or other unavoidable accidents, tath* twelfth day of Ofiober, or shall proceed to Campbell ArgylIJhire% and be at the rendezvous of the faid fifheries before the twelfth day of Sept ember, and shall continue not being prevented as aforefaid, to the eleventh day ofjauum^ uttlefs they shall have fooner completed their loading of. and that the oath by the faid ad required to be made by the re*, fpedive matters of the faid buttes or vcflels at their return ifuo port for their difeharge, with refped to their having conformal to the several days appointed by the faid ad for the rendezvo\is of fuch buttes or vettels, and for the commencement and d{|<-ration of the f^id fifheries, may and shall from henceforth bp varied and made conformable to the alterations made by this present aft in refped of fuch several nominal days.

The fociety III. And be it further enaded, and it is further enaded and th* ^ * 1r ^ec^arec^ by authority aforefaid, That the laid fociety shall soY per ton, not tootled to have and receive the bounty of thirty (hilling* iherethe vef P*r ton by the faid ad given or allowed to vettels employed in lei returns the faid fifheries, in refped of fuch vettels as shall return into With fewer	port



Anno vi$efyjH> fexto, Georgn II. c. 9..	21

port at the end of the faid filhery with a Jefs number of hands, hands than tftaWfcch tentHsinquired by the faid ad to have on board at ^J8 rc<luire^ oftbpfaid focietyVvefTels, unlefs it fhaH jbe	on

i^Je^bBea^Wat1 fudi number hath been reduced by death, or thSb fficn	i$	occafloned	by ficknefs or defertion,. with-

odrarw defWhi fraycl or collufion on the part of the faid fociety - 'Between the that it shall dnd may be lawful for the faid bufTes or vef- j^^erics fcHJ between the intervals of the faid Shetland and 27/rwwMthevefleUmay fiffieries, to put into any port of Great Britain or Ireland for the put into port* pthkbfeofhanging nets, and otherwife preparing for fuch Yar-tmth fiftefy^\ any tiding in the faid ad contained to the contrary tftefrfcbf “in aOT'vrile ttotwithftanding.

*!IVi’ And it is farther enaded and declared by the authority Second fleet aforefaid/That it shall and may be lawful for the faid fecona of nett maybe fli^'bTWets by the faid ad required to be on board a jaggeror any depth tehdtay or to be left on (bore for the ufe of the faid fifhery	5

sffb^faich to be of any depth not under five fathoms; and that tfie^tertmeate and oath by the faid recited ad required to be mride fctid 'taken, touching the depth of the filhing nets to be ufijd in the faid mhery, may and shall be varied and ma le conformable to the alterations by this present ad permitted to be frfttfe in refped to the depth of fuch second fleet of nets | , any tKlhg'iri the faid ad contained to the contrary thereof in any Wlf^notwithftanding.

nJV. And whereas by an aft made in the fifth year of the reign of V&Vrte majejty King George the Firfl, (intituled, An act for re- sGco. i. c. if. bBtfeflhg the credit of the Britifh fifhery in foreign parts, and fiir better fecuririg the duties on fait) after direfting that all fa r^» ^Britirh fait to be ufed in the cuting of fifb for exportation fball, drt being landed, and during the intervals of the fjhing feafonS) be IdUheWin a warehouse under the lock and key of 'an officer for the du-tfirfyifalt, at welt as of the proprietor of fuch Jalt, it is etidfted,

T90i fuch officers flat!, on fuch proprietors complying with certain tAidmqqt in the faid aft mentioned, deliver intq (hf foie cujlody of fab ft Sprit tor ^ of his agent, all the faid fait for the curing offifb taken Shrfyfg'shefaid fjhing Jeafon ; and that at the end of everyfjhing feafon fab officer jhail take a particular account of the quantities of foreign BmifaTfrfr refpeftively remaining in hand) which is to be imme-diatelfftcied dtp in fuch joint cujlody as aforcfaid\ and the proprietors

vfdit) dr their agents, ufing fuch fait as aforefaid, are by the ftdirefted) as fan as poffime after the	rn'	r

jm dft Sire ft ed) as fan as poffime after the end of every fjhing fea-ffaftfdeliver an account in writing into, the office for the duty on fait mtbt Jh'td aft mentioned^ containing the quantity of fjh exported, or enltfoffiani Jhipped to be exported, on which the faid fait taken aivay after* its delive/y info the foie cuffiody of fuch proprietors) or their agents, ha‘h been ufed or confumed, together with certificates by the proper officers of the several ports where the faid fijh ivere Jbipped for exportation) verifying the faid account y and by the fad aft a penalty of twrfity ]hillings is laid on fuch proprietors of fait, or their agents, for wiry bujhd of fa’Ii fo taken out) which fall not

b -	.	..	_

in fbe manner therein before,

be accounted for or otherwife, a f in the fad aft men* C3	'	ficncd.

 

29	Anno	vicefim© fexto GeosgIi II.	[ *783*

tioried, & which /hall not hi returned, er found remaining at the end of every fijbing fiafin in the cellars or warebeufes, as in the find aft X Gto. j. c.$. mentioned i and by another oft made in the eighth year of tie reigreef bis faid late Majefly, (intituled. An a& for taking off the duty upon all fait ufed in the curing red herrings, and laying a proportion able duty upon all red herrings emuumed at home only* arid for afeertaining the cuftotts and excile payable foe the fugar houfes ip Scotland; and for making an allowance for iaft loftviri any harbour or river of this realm; and for the better fedaftog' the duties on fait delivered in Scotland) a penalty of ten fliUbgt per bujbel is laid upon dll persons who flail have received and tbm* file cufiody any quantity of foreign or BritUh fahr duty frod, fiaf curing of fi/h for foreign markets, that JhaU not deliver to the proper officers yearly, within three months after the expiration of eadt .tei-Jpeltive year, fuch accounts of the fait received as aflrtfaii, and qf the fifh cured therewith and exported, as the faid aft of the fifth I df his faid late Majeflv defeats, together with fitch Certificate as afore*-fata, verifying the find account: and by another aft made in the eighth I Geo. a. c.i>, yiar	reignofhis prefont Majefly, [intituled. An act for grants

ing and continuing the duties upon fait, and upon red and whim herrings, for the further term of four years $ and for giving . jforther time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contrafls of clerks and apprentices) after he* citing the faid two several afls of the fifth jand eighth years of the reign of his faid late Majefly, it is amongfl other things tndfUd, That after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and thirty five, no foreign fait fall be delivered over front fmhjpfnt. cujloiy into fuch Jolt cufiody as a fore faid, for curing fifh for rxpartja*, tton, except fuch proprietor, cr his agent, do give jecurity as in ah faid a fl dire fled, to account for fuch foreign fait in the terhn cfy knd according to the true intent and meaning of the faid afls of the fifth and eighth years of the reign of his faid late Majefly, or to aufwer the several penalties in the faid aids direfted to be recovered fram tbk proprietors offending again/} the faid afls, or either of tbehsoiapd Whereas the fociety of the free Britifh fifhery have ufed great quantise 4 ties of foreign fait in the curing of white herrings,great potto soft thhich hath been exported, or fent to, and fold at foreign markets^ and the faid fociety, as proprietors of fuch fait, or their agents,Mwl from time to time, on delivering over fuch fait from fuch joint sufioZFy as aforefaid, into the foie cufiody of fuch agents, given fuchfea*tef> as by the faid aft of the eighth year of his present Majefly is airefted, touching the accounting for fuch foreign fait; but in regard that a-confideraMe part of fuch fifh hath been flipped off immediately, foam fea, from on board the refpeftive veffels employed in taking and curing the fame, without being firfi brought into port, in order to fiacre 4 better fate at foreign markets, before the arrival of the like cornmodi-ties from other nations, the fata fociety, or their agents, have not been able fully to comply with the direftions of the faid afts, touching the accounting for fitch part of the find fait, as bath been employed in the curing ofJuch part of the (did fifl, as hath been fit font away to fo*> /reign markets immediately from Jea, there being no previfion in the prefect



15^530 Anrw -tfcifitno fcxto.QeoRCW II. c. 9.	23

feat iawt btwi and its taint manner, and. by whom, tbe Jbippmg tf ftuh. ffi mmtdiatrfyfrcm fta	for	foreign wrifedt

ipberfay	liefud.fittitji.tr	their• ggents\ who ha givenfuchfiatfity- .,.

as	refere/asA, art ir wid itome Habit to bt find an their

tUmfiKd^ fig tiefederal penalties in/USef by the Jaid alls rf the-fifik and eighth year: of his fa:d late Majejly j and the	faciety

■OMllyin.ihe fdrtd&	proficuttanof tbe faid fi/bery, be	exptfed t» the*

famUcJifSddtyunhfe /me remedy be	pro its refped thereof :-

beaeitatefiwetfna&al and declared, and it is hereby ena&edaad dfclaiod .by the authority a fore faid, That tbe quantity of fuch The quantity white borings as have already been lent, or which hereafter Vent to fififil frefent,by the fkid fociety, or their agents, to foreign mar- foreign mar-boG^kn mediately fromfca, without being urft brought into port, keta, without foil Wafcertainedand made appear by the oath of the fociety's £emS firft flmtemtdodant of the faid hfhery!, to be"made before one or more	Erf.

d^MsMajefty's juAices of the peace, or an officer for the duties cerrained by oiHstlt, who are hereby empowered and required to adtnintftep the oath of the-finne^ .and a certificate or certificates wider the hands of the *he f°ciety’* focnataryand acoomptant of the faid fociety, purporting, that k ‘ ^"nTthe apptard by letters or accounts from the corrofpondenu or agents certificate of qfrtheL faid fociety, to whom fuch fifh mentioned in fuch affida-their fecretary vit'were oOn%ned, that fuch fifh have come to the hands of and accorap-fuch.correfpondeots or agents, or otherwife that fuch fifh havetant* been loft at lea.

vVL And it- is hereby further enabled and declared by the au- Such affidavit thorny afore laid. That fuch affidavit and certificates (haU be ad- and certificate mittedand taken to aU intents and purposes, as evidence to ve-*°.beadnut' rifipthequantity of fuch fifh fo already fent, or hereafter to b*te * fekt away immediately from Tea as aforefaid s any thing in the. hud reared ads, or either of them, contained to the contrary, thereof in any wife notwithftaoding.

tvVTL And whereas the place appointed by tbe faid aft for the reth* ddsau&us of tbe vefilr employed tn the feddffiiries^ on the firjl day of September has been in many cafes very inconvenient \ be it there** Veffcb which flmenafted by the authority aforefaid. That all vefiels built and^®** ren^5z* flttadout in the mantier required by the laid a ft, which shall ^blniiti^ ceaAnvou* at Kirkwall in the Orkney i(lands on or before the to the boun? tjwcHthday of September, and shall continue to be employed Ji* tie*.

Wring among the (hnals of herrings, as they move, to the eleventhday of fomar^ unlefs the loading of fuch veflels be &oacr eompieatcd,Audi (in cafe alt the other regulations and aondkions prescribed by the faid aft be obferved and performed witk nefipeft to fuch veflels) be intitled to the bounties granted bp the faid aft, in the fame manner as if fuch veflels had retv* dcavmifed at Campbell Town, in like manner, and at the time rokpnrad bjr the faid aft.

nVHI. Provided always*, That no fi(hing vclfel employed in No veflel obli-tbe white herring fifhery, shall be obliged to carry to the latter g«d to carry hflting more than one fleet of nets; any thing in the faid aft to ffrhing more thi cOntrary in any wife notwithftanding.	than onefleet

"•’vft ^ w. j

C +

CAP.

of nets.

Ann*	ijctCtm&k&QGseooii	II, c. 10.

1*753-

t&9w,

c. »9.

. :	, cap.x

jin aH for enlarging the time ouideMtinttsug- tfit Julies granted by feveratath of parliament for'repairs of-the piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, tk'tbr ttotittjr- of Yorkand for making tbefaid afft pore tfftBunl

WHEREAS by an ail of

eighth and ninth years of the reign of bit	Kfidg

William the Third, intituledAn act for the'repair oftbe pift* of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the eaft riding of the of Tori, it was amengfi other things, mailed. the jirjl dap of May one tboufand fix hundred and ninety /even* et*d before and until the firjl day of May one thoufisud/even

four, the duties therein mentioned jbould bt paid for the rebtdhhug, repairing and amending the faid piers j tou>it, one farthing for attap chaldron of coals, that during the faidterm be laden au tbeaed any Jbip,hoy, bark or other veffel, at or in the port ^Newcaftle upon Tine, or at Sunderland, Blythe, Seatea-$luice, Culler-Coats* or any other	port, harbour, or pact	that	was or was. re-

puted to be a member of the port of NevtcalUej to be paid Jo fucb persons and in fuco manner as by the faid aft ; und.ky another ad made and paffed in	year of the reign of'bit-late

i&o. i.f.M,	entgefiyKing George the Firjl, referring to the faid former ad, all

"Wr	the. duties thereby granted and made payable, and <lmfe, usn*ter

and thing therein contained were revived and enodej, and diraOad to be continued and paid for fourteen years, from the twenty fourth day of June one thoufana ftven hundred and fixteen, until tbctuumty fourth day of June one tboufand feven hundred and thirty: jeeod whereas by one other ad made in the fifth year of the reign ef bis «Geo.».c.io.foidlate majejly King George the Firjl, intitules. An aft fpr enlarging the time granted by two afts of parliament for repairs erf the piers of Bridlington, alias	;	and	for-tnalpng .tips

, faid afts more effectual; it is thereby {amongji ether things} treaded, That the faid ad pajfed in the and ninth years ,of jjee .reign of his JaidlaU majejly King William	Third,	She

powers thereby given, for charting, raifpig, levying, eflllfdag and difpofmg of any fum or fums of money, for or towards repairing or rebuilding tin faid. pien of Bridlington, alias Burltngton, jhotold from and after the twenty fourth dap of June one tboufandfeven hundred and	thirty,continue and be in full	tenen

of twenty five years $ .and,that from and after the twenty fourth day of June one tboufandfeven hundred and

thirty fix years, the several additional rates and duties therein mentioned,	fover and	befides the duty and duties granted and

aforefatd, or payable before the paffing of the fame a£l)	be

fed,	levied,	coUeSfeiandpaid', for repairing and lengthening the faid

piers as and in manner therein	and	whereas	by	another ati

made, and puffed in the feventh year of the reign of bis faidlatfinfs-p Geo.i. c.George the Firjl, intituled. An aft tor the betted preserving and keeping in repair the pta* of the town and port of





*5

1753*3	Anna-vicefimenfexto Gebrgii II. C. it*

Whitbyin the county of Tori ;. apd for explaining and making more effectual the several k£U paired tor lengthening and repair-MgAt^ictf^ofrSrMingKri, af&t Bbliogtcn,in the faid county;

-in\tmnq/lvibtx ^bhtgexuafltd, fheirthe to&t£Ur and collefions, or the	allegingand running faid

tiesbythejeufofl,IfMf fifthyear of	-of bisJaid hue maje-

fij	KingGeorge the	Firjt, impofeaand made payable at the faid part

■if Bridlington, alien Burlington, werf'thefieby	t»

tiirfcuyfbip ■orveffel'Witbin the faid port of Bridlington, alias ’Btftlfcf^tdn	-i	ttrid	take	account	of,and demand and receive the faid

'fittiift, mid fW^orifayment to dijhain for the fame in manner therein riirisMUeCti 'and that the trafiees appointed for putting in execution the fiid,r*tfied’eiflil at-any five or more of them, are thereby impowered wbpfHhtiforhperfiU as they /hall think , with fuch annual falary tat^fthi find duty as	they flail think fits not ten pounds a

fO0fforthebettergovermng and managing the port or harbour of BrtdHhgtOft^ W^to^eBurlington, fuch manner as in the faid OH fmettionedarii dsrelted: Ond whereas, although the money ■ fWndbf duties gtunted by virtue of the faid recited and other tortfdtrable fums of	money, raifedby a tax upon the lands with-

'bhthemnOr«/"Bridlington	aforefaidhave' from time been

'iojimt-irnd applied he the repairing, rebuilding and enlarging the faU fursof Bridlington, alias Burlington	',	fame	bits

mtbteiffefficient to juppott, maintain and keep the fame in good or- > 'kertsnd repair; and by means of several violentforms, the fame is in a decaying and ruinous condition, and in imminent danger itf khg'Iejt and itfroyeds and there is now a mfiderable debt due updH the credit of the faid afts; and as the terms for which ^ feifr duties were granted by the former afts> will expire on the ttobtffoQrtb day of June one tboufand feven hundred and fifty five y MdW is bnpcffibte that the faid purs can be effectually repaired and unleft ihefaid duties he continued for a further term of fafttywetborttjp of parliament: to the end therefore that the faid the port and harbour of Bridlington aforefaid, which Ms^been of fefeat-fefvJce to navigation, and of great ufe and be-the	be	maintained,	Tupported	and	preferv*

it ptatfe your Majfcfty, that if may be enabled, l£c;

ty.3-^ *9- and s & 7 Geo. 1. continued far 55 year*, from ice. New Irufttej to be elefted in the room of fucb m shall ®et or refule to aft. Truttees impowered to fet up a crane 011 the key of tfleb&rtKWr, and-to remove any foil, &c. to make the paflage to the bar-boor toibnfodiou*. VefiH* belonging to Great Yarmouth excepted froin tbtdntK*.'.	.

«-.v .	.	-	•	CAP.-XI.

iShtO for	pernAfttn^the exportation of and woollen or

tty yarn, front aty port in Ireland to any port in Great JSntain.

\X7HERE	A§ .thepermitting of wool, arid woollen or

*rb to 1 be ,exported only from certain ports in Ireland to certain forts in England^ >rj not of fo great and	advantage	to	the

2	tradp



26	Anno	vicefimofexto	GzoftGriJL	C. I2:

trait	ef ibis	kingdom, as it Would parti	GWtt’ftfe

tain W Ireland wart opened for that pdrf«f*\ bo it therefor*^ »ft»d by the King’s inoft exeeltcnt MaJefty, by and3 wtfthffcfc .advise and content of the lords fpirhoal and temporal anddJnOJ ■tons in this present parliament affemfefcd, and by the author Wo«J*“d. my of the feme, That from and after the fifth daytrfTitoiMtl v»m mw be *^e Yea.r of our one thousand fevett hundred and fifty-exported from three, it shall and may be lawful for any pcrfon or perfortttO any port in export from any port in Ireland, any wool, or-wooden or bdy Ireland into yam, wool-felfs, (hortlings, mortlings, wool-flocks and WOriU#

Greitmitain- T8™* *° "ty Port *D Gnat Britain; any a& or aAs of1 pariitt-1 ’ mcnt to the contrary notwithftanding.	-	•	-ryoa

II.	Provided always, and be it ensiled by the authority af«t^ laid. That all fuch exportations apd importations of wow, cod woollen or bay yam, wool-fells, (holdings, mortlings, wodfc-: flocks and worfted yam, from any port in Ireland into any port under the re- *n	Gnat Britain, (naU he made under the fame reftriltiohs Olid'

ftriaions en- regulations, and in the fame manner in alt refpe&s, a» wool of «^ed. woollen yam is now by law permitted to be exported bom Dublin, Waterford,	Youghatl, Kinfale, Cart, New Reft,

Ntwry, Wexford,	Wichkw,Galktxsy and Dun-

dak, and imported into the several ports of Biddtfird, Bom-jftople,Minbtad, Bridgewater,	Milford Haven*	ChefUr^

Hum'petit, Lancofitr and Great	,	or	any of them. 1

CAP. XIL

An a£t to prevent wines imported into any of the oul-pefti of this kingdom, being afterwards brought into

of London, or parts	a,without paying the Lon-

don duty.

WHEREAS the duties payable by law on imported firm foreign parts into any of the out-ports of ibis kingdom, art lefi than the duties parable on witu imported into the port of London: and whereas fiubwines os art fa any of the out*' ports, for which duties are paid there, and which are afterwards brought to the port of London by certificate, ore by law habit to the payment of fo much more fnbfidy as is jhort of the duty due in the part of London: and whereas great	of	wine	have	if	late	Petto

brought into London and places thereunto adjacent, by land without payment of the difference of the	duties',	and

in many cafes wine is fo brought into London without payment of any duties, to the great prejudice of the publick revenue, and the detriment of the fair merchants of this kingdom; be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with die advice and content of the lords ipiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame.

No wine ex- That from and after the twenty-ninth day of September one ceeding io thou find feven hundred and fifty-three, no wine of any fort ex-gallons, im- ceeding the quantity of ten gallons, which at any time fhal| tbewt-Mrts k*ve teen *®P©rt*d from foreign parti into any out-port of tbiq ^ *	ldngdom,

1753-3 A*o9 ytcofimofevto Gboroii II. c. n.	27

kfogtoa,: Avail be brought, removed or canried from foch out- to be brought rather from any other port or place whatfoever, either by to London, or I^ or by watoar, into theport of London, or the member*^ilMofthe tfempf, or tp apy place whatfoever within the diftance of twen- royal ex-tyjjitafrpin tbftjRtfjttf/ Exchange of Landau, before the owner or change, with-proprietdr of fuch wins shall have paid unto the colle&or, or out paying the othtr proper officer of the customs neareft to the place from London *July* whence fofb wine i* intended to be removed, the duties payable iaany of the out-port*, and alfo the difference of the rtipe&ive 4«tie« payable there;and in the port of London., on the importa-tiefchlE fpeh wine t .and if any quantity of wine exceeding in Wine.exceed-bottles three dozen, or in a calk or calks exceeding ten gallons, ing in bottles QMU »t one and the fame time, and in one and the lame carri- 1 "“en* °'jm age be brought, removed or carried, either by land or by wa- ^“bro^ht tar, into the post of London or the members thereof, or to any in the fame whatfoever within twenty mile9 of the fakl Royal Exchange,, carriage to tttboet a certificate from fuch collector or other proper officer L?"^on>or cuftoms* exprefling the quantity and quality ofmilesof the and certifying, that as well the duties payable upon exchange, the firft importation of fuch wine at any of the out-ports, as without acer-tha^flfa^nce between the faid duties, and thofe which are due

port of London, on the importation of fuch wine, have ortcltca» bctfMfoly paid and fatisfied, or that the fame was wine fold for Cilvaget, or that the fame has been compounded for or condemned, fuch wine shall be forfeited and loft, together with the cafks and veflels containing the fame, and shall and may be feiaedby any officer or officers of the cuftoms, and profecuted i^^uch manner as, any uncuftomed wines maybe feized and profecuted.

^.‘Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority a-If after pav-fordaid, That if after the removal of any fuch wines, and after mcnt 0f the payment of the duties payable thereon in any of the out-pons* duties, the aadidfo* of the difference of the refpedttve duties payable there wines shall be on the*importation of fuch wines, and before the fame shall be bmught into the port of London, or the members thereof, or to Jhey be ahy place whatfoever within the diftance of twenty miles from brought into the Rofyl Exchange of London, fuch wine shall happen to be ftav- the port of cdypr to be loft, or perifti, the commissioners of his Majesty’s catenas, or any three of them, (hall, (proof being made upon b^^d^of oath to their fatisfaSion, that fuch wines have been fo flaved,or the differen-bave.bofcn loft or peri(hed as aforefaid) caufe repayment to bece. nude to the owner or proprietor of fuch wine, of io much money at the difference of the duties payable for fuch wines in any out-port, and in the port of London shall amount to, fuch repayment to be made out of any pf the duties or customs payable oa wines imported.

CAP.





Anno vkefimo fexto Georgii II.c. i£.	£	17^3.

Cap. Xiii. -

An off for the more effectually preventing lie jratfJWK '■ meval of tobacco by land or water\ and for the eaft ef the fair trader in tobactd \ and for afiertaining the ratesfsay-able for the portdge of certain letters \ and for 'dtderi£ing and explaining the laws relating to the file offpirituous liquors by retail. ,	M	'{j	j“°

WHEREAS the several provifions fir preventing the ftbUftk* lent removal of tobacco by land or watery contained mdndCt made in the twenty fourth year of his present Mahfifs reign, itititit-14(7*0.£* c.41. kd$ An a<5t for the more effectual fccuring the duties upon tobacco, have commencement from the twenty ninth day ^September one thousand feven hundred and fifty one: notwithfianding which provifions, fuch tobacco as was imported' before that time* hath beep or may be removed by land or water, otherwife than by the faid ak is directed, inafmuch as the fame having been imported btfore thatUnit, cannot be fubjeCJ to the regulations prefcribed by the faii aCti and whereas the continuance of this liberty may encourage tie importers or pojftfiors of uncufiomcd tobaccoy to pretend that the fame was impdrfed biforethe faid twenty ninth'day <7/*September one thoufand/even ' hundred and fifty one, and under that pretence, tobacco import Afihie that time, and tobacco falls Jlrippcd, and fnuff manufactured there -from; may be removed otherwise than by the faid aft is directed, to the great prejudice both of the publick revenue and of the fair 'tradCT: :o and whereas it rhay reafonably be fuppofed, that all fuch tobacco is Was imported and Was flock in hand before that time, hdthUtkn Or might have been firice difpofed of: now, for preventirigTrauds e-jjually injurious to the publick revenue and the fair trader*' be it enaCted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and corn-raons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the a&lrtt-No tobacco rity of the fame. That from and after the firft day ofJunO'&nt imported be* thousand feven hundred and fifty three, no tobacco irTi^^or to- into Great Britain before the faid twenty ninth day of September bacco (talks one thousand feven hundred and fifty one, and no tobacco (talks Gripped, or ftripped, or fnuff manufactured from tobacco fo imported, 41&I1 re: be permitted to be removed by land or water, upon paitVtlvat wwaterfon	tobacco,	tobacco	(talks	or	fnuff*,	fo	removed, (h^H be

penalty of for- forfeited, and shall and may be feized and profecuted, and after temire, &c. condemnation burnt and deftroyed by fuch persons, and in fifth manner and form, and with fuch rewards for feizing the fame, as by the (aid aCt is directed in relation to arty tobacco, tobacco fta&B or fnuff, on the removal whereof certificates are by the laid a £t required.

Tobacco,&c.	II* And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefetd, That

removed in it shall and may be lawful to and for any officer of the customs greater quan. or excife to feize and profecute any tobacco, tobacco (talks or 2a alloyvs11 *** which shall be removed from one place to another in great-



Anntf VicefitriO fcxto (jEoR<3it If. C. 13.	29

er quantities than by the feid act. arc flowed, and shall not be withoat acer attended with.fuch certificates as by*the faid ad are required;	.m^l

ah* liibifUbfihWtYi^'febaccc), toWiccolftifts or (huffhad tnbWn'retkoTed from ,rhe. port ofimppr ration with a proper hadbem re-arid ^ntforduties. payable thereon had been paid or moved with a fcl^tt^fh^H be qppn;the claimer orclaimcrs of thq tobacco, certificate. tobacco. .ffalks and (huff fo feized, and not,upon the officer or l° ,be 0,1 tbe officers to fazing and profeeuting the fame.	c	a,mer*

III.	Provided always. That nothing in this or in the faid ad provjf0for the

contained, shall extend to prohibit the exportation to parts be- exportation of yond the fcas of any' tobacco which hath been imported before tobacco im-djc,twenty ninth daiyof September one thousand feven hundred po,|®^tb*fore and $n one, and shall be exported at any time before the twen-	P*”	,*sl'

ty qlftth day o	f Stpttmberone thousand (even hundred and fifty

four,, from any port where the fame shall be on the firft day of Ju4t one thousand fevqn hundred and fifty three.

IV.	Provided a)fo. That if on the back of any certificate to The inn from he,granted by virtue of the faid ad for removing or carrying whence any any tobacco, tobacco ftalks or fnuff by land, the inn from whence ^ried*to the hme (haH be carried shall be deicribed, fuch certificate shall be inferted in-bq as effedual to all intents and purposes as if the name of thoftead of the pfripnby whom the lame shall be carried or conveyed were in- carrj1er’£ n*1”* ferted thereon ; any thing in the faid ad to the contrary thereof

in any wife notwithfranding.

V.	Provided alfo. That every certificate fo be granted by vir* Certificate for tue pf the faid ad, for removing or conveying tobacco, tobacco removing to-tUik%or fauff, fo be carried by land or by water from one port ba£f° not ne‘ or jdapeto another, shall be and be deemed a proper certificate tain^ehn-"” ^^fftpufpofe^ although in fuch certificate the name or names porter’s name, of thf picrfon 'br perfone by whom the faid tobacco was imported, jot byfWhom the duties payable thereon were paid or feou*

^Jbgfiot inferted therein, fo as every other requifite direded

tyqfbf feid ad, in cafe of fuchremovai, be obferved, and tho u»ff\£.qr names of the importer or importers of fuch tobacco, be te^ipjtd and exprefled in the bill or bills from , which foeb cer-	^

ufeafosare, ky the accufiomed manner, prepared % fuch biU«f	*,

delivered to the colledor. or other chief officer>or q^erfj^ the port where the faid tobacco shall have been iott	., i»

P9Rqdi, aoy thing in, live faid ad to the contrary thereof in any ;	-

#(j nptWtbfranding.	k	J

^kJ^rovklpd aJfo, That (he second purchafer of any entire s^c^d^iicv:, ofunmanufactured tobacco (haJi and may be rathkd chafer of m < a certificate, on the removal ofanyfuch to*.bogiheadI of b*^tor£f. any flalka dipped, or any /huff or maoafe&ufed ^^obawo11* ttfeapep -wde therefrom, by land or by w*ten, in like manner ipitied to a as certificates by the faid alt are directed to be granted to the certificate on firft purchafer from the importer; and that in aII fuch certifi- l£e r*m0f*U cates fo to be granted to fuch second purchafer of any entire hog- c‘

(head or hogfheads of fuch tobacco, the name of the importer or importers, feller or fellers thereof, may.be omitted, provided that the feller to fuch second purchafer /hall have delivered to

the



3*

Anpo ,yicefin® tad* G»9&QU ii c4^|f	£

* eon btrmtvered%mthm the Smks of the head office of

bjfere 0fufth or jujlices of the peace; it is tberoby mclaredftp^ tmafki^ j That the faid penalty may be recovered) and euey person *' rituous liquors without a licence within the limitt Of the fie** may be convicted before any ju/iia of thefopafor ty or liberty, where the offence Jhall be committed, as wm, afhffore the cornmiffioners of excife; and that ftuh penalty Jhcil not in any cafe, either by the faid commtffionors or justice of the peace* be mitigated fir, . reduced below the sum of five pounds: and whereat* notwithflandinsf v the lajl recited claufey it may be doubted whether the juftices of tSt[ ( peace acting in the several places which are not within the limits of if >t under the immediate care> infpedion and management of the faid beoft , office of excife, may not mitigate or reduce the faid penalties of te$, , The penalties pounds below the sum of five pounds: now to obviate fuch doyht,^ ot to I. inflift- be it enafted and declared by the authority afore faid* That tpe dtetfaft* "not ^	°f ten pounds shall not in any cafe be mitigate^j •

to be mitigat-or educed-below the sum of five pounds, either by the com- , cd below 5*i. miflioners of excife, or the juftices of peace, whether fuchjuf- t tices aft within or without the limits of the faid head offiqe of ’, excife*

*4Geo.t.cw|o. X. And whereat by one other clause in the find all of parliament?t \, made in the twenty fourth year of his prefentMajeflf s reignf it is enabled. That no licence for the Jelling by retail of Jpirituousliquor	•

Jhall be granted within the limits of the head office of excife in Ton - ' don, but to fuch as Jhall occupy a tenement or tenements of the yearly \ value of ten pounds or upwards, and for.which they Jhall. accordingly be rated) and pay in the parijb rates; and that no licence Jhall be of t ’ any avail to any person not fo qualified, or for any longer time tbrfq] ‘ the person fo lictnfed JbaU bo qualified as aforefaidj but Jhall be qbjff lutely void: and whereas it is the true intent and meaning of the faid x claufe, that no licence for retailing Jpirituous liquors be granted with- j in the limits of the head office of excife in London, to any person but [ to fitch as are fufficient and of ability to occupy a tenement or tene~. mints of the yearly value of ten pounds or upwards; and fuch rate and payment to the church and poor% is intended only as an additional * proof of fuch fufficiency: and whereas within the limits of the' head office of excife in London, there are several persons who keep ta~ ' veruS) victualling-houfeS) inns, c effie-houfes or ale-houfes, for which ^ they pay confiderably more than ten pounds a year) but fuch ptrfons are not rated, and do not pay accordingly to the church and poor ' for the fame, fuch taverns* v id nailing- houfes, inns, coffiee-houfes andf ale-boufeS) being fituate in places where occupiers of houfes or ten t- • ments are not rated or rateable to the church and poor; be it ena&^d" Coramiflion- by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty / ert,&c. with- fourth day of June onejhoufand feven hundred and fifty three, in the limits of jt shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty’s comiiuffioners fice^aygrant exc*fc» tlK* their officers refpeftively, within the limits of the ' licences to faid head office of excife in London) to grant and deliver licences persons rent- for the retailing of fpirituous liquors, purfuant to the directions mg houfes of Qf (be faid several a&s of parliament made in the fixteenth ahd jinm tbo"not tV^nxy fourth years pf his present Majesty’s, reign, or either of *	*■ »	_	thexji

1753*1J	Atoo^ictfiAo(BrtoGMHUHi I!« c< tj.	33

ihtrtf/'ft/any pedkhsr jpetfohs frftMt* At limits of the laid rated to tha hcjJ dUkt of excHr 1st London, applying for fuch licence or li^Poor* ceim^tfticS IhSrll at thetime df his, her or their application fortnrlSufh*, fft) thy tenement fituatc m any place where-the ocApkr* of hoofed or tenements are net rated or rateable to the chufen and poor, keep a tavern, vidhiaHing-houfe, inn, coffee^ hoofeor afe-houfe, for which hi* (We or they refpe&ively (hall* to thefttisfottion of tHfe faid comtiiiffieners of excife, make it apjfcar that he, (he or they, do really and bona fide pay the full yearly-rent or fum of twelve pounds or upwards, without any deduction or abatement whatfoever, although the person or perform fo applying for fuch lidence or licences be not adtually rated, and do not pay to the church and poor for the lame accordingly.

XI.	Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, Perfon# To 11*

That every person to be licenfed for the retailing of fpirituous cenfed,t0 ** liquors, purfuant to this a<ft, shall be fubjeft to all other provt- jawiThi force fions of the several laws now in force, in any wife relating to the	f

retailing of fpirituous liquors, or to the licenfmg the retailers

thereof, and on breach of the faid provifions, or any of them,

(hall be fubjedt and liable to the like penalties, forfeitures and. punifhments, in the fame manner as other retailers of fpirituous liquors now are; and all and every person and persons author rized to put the faid laws in execution againft the offenders adding contrary to them, or any of them, are hereby authorized and required to put the faid laws and each of them in execute on, agiinft every person to be licenfed as aforefaid who ihall offend againft the feid laws, or any of them.

XII.	And whereas in and by one other clause in the faid aft of i4G«o.a.c. 40, parliament made in the twenty fourth year of his Majeftys reign, it.is

enabled* That from and after the firft day of July one thousand fevqn hundred and fifty one, no person whatfoever, being a common brewer of ale or beer, or inn-keeper, dijliller, or other feller of or dealer in any kind of fpirituous liqvorY, or who is or are or /ball be interefted in any of the faid trades or buftneffes, /ball during fuch time as he or tbtf /boll he fuch common brewer, inn-keeper, dijliller, or other feller of or dealer in fpirituous liquors, or interefted in any of the faid trades or bujine/fes, be capable or have any power to aft, or jhall be direftlyaer indireftly concerned in afttng as a jujlict of the peace, in any mattet or thing whatfoever which {hall any ways concern the execution of the powers or authorities given or granted by any aft or afts of parlia* meat in any wife relating to diflillers or makers of low wines, fpiritt or ftrong waters for fale, or to the duty or duties impofed upon low wines, fipirits or Jirong waters, or any other kind of fpirituous liquors whatfoever, or to the granting licences to the retailers of fpirituous liquors: and whereas notwithfianding the laft recited claufe, it is doubted whether common brewers of ale or beer, or inn-keepers, it/\ tillers, or other fellers of or dealers in any kind offpirituous liquors, or who are or /ball be interefted in any of the faid trades or buftneffes, being juft ices of the peace, may not grant licences to the retailers of beer or ale, which licence is one of the nece/fary •reqwfues to iettiuo Voi.XXL	D	fuch



34	Anno	vicefimoicxto	GAoRCllTli7 C. tj(i r*752*

fuch retailers to apfty J,jbr' a*licence to	t

whereas it is reafonable that fuch perfins, cctidaljo malfters, being juftices of the peace, Jbould be Refrained fromgrbdt-. a.	iV //rr/tftt to retail beer ahd ale\ be it declared andemfretfBy

^vera, iiln? authority aforefaid, That from and after the laid tWehty keepers! diftii- day of June one thoufend feven hundred and fifty thfe&r riO lers, visual- justice of the peace, being a common brewer of ale or Icr* or mal- deeper or diftiller, or other feller of or dealer in ale or'aii^itp hfbftcd from^	fpirituous liquors, or intcrefted in any of the fold traddtfl

granting li- bufineffes, or being a viftualler or malfter, shall during fi&h cences for fell- time as he shall be fuch common brewer, inn-keeper, dttffi-in<r	fer, victualler or mailer, or other feller of or dealer m' iK jJr

fpirituous liquors, or interefted in any of the faid trades dr to-finefies, be capable or have any power to grant any licfertcd1^-licences to any pcrfon or perlons whatfoeve^, for felling ale, * or any other liquors by retail 5 and in cafe kny fuch jiifti juftices (hall, contrary to the true intent and meaning fherfc6f> prefume to grant any fuch licence, the feme {hall beaftdis hereby declared to be null and void to all intents and purpbfes whatloever,	1"

ing ale, &c. or fpirituous liquors.

CAP. XIV.



An act for the fettling and ascertaining the fees to be taken by clerks to juftices of the peace. — *-^ T7HEREAS fome doubts have arifen touching thefees due io V V of juftices of the peace: and whereas it would tend to tftP&e execution of the laws, and to the eafe of the fubjeft, that the 'jfePto be taken by the faid clerks Jhould be afcertained; be it therefore exacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with^ftie advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal ahd mons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the aut&o^ity Juftiees to fet-°f the feme. That the juftices of the peace throughout That tie a table of part of Great Britain called England, at their re fpective general fees to be tak- quarter feftions of the peace, to be held next after the Wtt^iy en by their	fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and fift^L

c cr $ ’	Thafl, ana they are hereby required to make and fettle a famdpf

the fees which fhal! be taken by clerks to juftices of the peacV^Wh-in the county, city or other divifion, tor which fuch refpeCTive general quarter-feflions shall be held j and fuch refpedtive tabjfcs of fees, being approved by the juftices of the peace at thdfrcjct fucceeding general quarter-feflions of the peace for fuch couhfy, city or other divifion, with fuch alterations asfuch jufticeS cff me to be ratified peace fo aflembled shall think proper, shall be laid before tlie by the judges judges at the next aflizes, or at the great feflions for the^Witi-ofaflizc. cipality of Wales, and counties palatine of Chejler, Lancafterfnd Durham, for the refpective county, city or other divifion \7 and the faid judges are hereby authorized and required to riatify and confirm fuch refpective tables of fees, in fuch manner and $>rm as the fame shall be made, fettled and approved of by the ftiid juftices, or with fuch alterations, additions or abatements, as fpeh judges shall appear to be juft and reafonable j and it

(ti all

1253c] i^o,vifpf}ma,fe3ceQ GeorOii II. c. 14;	$5

Wall au<jf majbe, lawful for,the faid juftices of peace, in their Juftice* may

. aflembled^ from time to time to make™*^*1*"ta*

fees to be taken, inftead of the fees contain- esoMccsi

j^dlw the t^e wh^ch shall have been ratified and confirmed by

^atlcI after the fame shall have been approv-

^1^^(p]^c^pfhthc peace at the next fucceeding general to be ratified

“	;|n	manner as. aforefaid, to lay fuch new t^blem the fame

^^^r^the judges at the next affizes, or at the great fef- manilcr*

re t jluW ffa principality of JVales and counties palatine of Chef-

^ 'fywrfier apfd bvrhqm'* >vho are hereby empowered and au-

Y pted ^o .ajpprpve, apd ratify the fame in manner as aforefaid,

ey^thinkfu>, tyft nq table of fees to be made and fettled by

^^ retpe&ive juftices of peace, shall be of any validity or

L^hatloever until, the fame shall be ratified and confirmed

he faid judges .

he it, further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That penalty of id.

it .at any tmfo *jfter fpace of three calendar months from the on clerks tak-

foch table of foes shall be .made and ratified as afore-inS other fees.

feii^ jtPy clerk or clerks to any justice or juftices of the peace,

or stay person or persons ading as fuch, (hall, under pretence

of any matter or thing done, tranfa&ed or performed by fuch

juftice or juftices in the execution of his or their office or offi-

4*V undone, tran&fted or performed by fuch person or perfons

as clerk or clerks to fuch justice or juftices, demand or receive

py cuhef or greater fee than shall have been afeertained, fati-

^f>d confirmed in manner as aforefaid, fuch person shall for

(pch offence forfeit and pay twenty pounds to any perfon

foe for the fame by action of debt, bill, plaint or in-

WH; in any of his Majefty's courts of record at Weft*

p^^herein HQ effoin, privilege, protedtion, wager of law,

ye t^jan one imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

a, he it further enadted by the authority aforefaid* T w f -

jpt^ljhe tables of fees which shall be made and fettled, and fecs t0'be dc-

and confirmed from time to time as aforefaid, shall bepofited with

yifith the clerk of the peace for the refpedlive county, clcrks °f

,qr ptl\ty diyifion j and each of the faid clerks of the Peacegnd c^les

fqiu/e jtfcue and exadl written or printed copies of the faid thereof to be

“ fobe placed and to be kept constantly in a confpicuous placed in the

f$tie room or place where the general or quarter fefliorts room where

-----j _ the feflions are

^ jfKjrp than oi>e imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

I\f.V Provided always, and be it further enadled by the authq- Limitation of fity aforefaid. That all fuits and a&ions which shall be brought a&ions. tt^mmeuced by virtue of this adt, shall be brought before (h^iend of three months after the offence committed, and not

ni:-" :>nu ,	-

t

D 2

CAP.

 



c. is.

5 Ann. c. 29.

Anno vicesimo fcxto Georgii II. C> 15- [rygj*

cap. xv.

An aft far allowing inttrefi upon certain debentures for ibe bounty granted on the exportation of corn.	v *

WHEREAS^? made in the firjl ytqr of the reign of King William a til Queen Mary,, intituled* An a6t for foe, encouraging the exportation of com, it is enabled* Thqt when malt or barley* Winchefter meafure, Jhall be at twenty four Jbil* lings per quarter* or under* rye at thirty two /billings per quarter* or under* wheat at forty eight /billings ptc quarter* or under* in any port of England or Wales, every merchant* or othtr perfon* who Jhall put on Jbipboard* in fucb manner as by the faid aft is* dire fled* any forts of the corn aforefdid* with intent to expert tjx fame to parts beyond the feas* and /ball bring a certificate in writing under his hand* containing the quantity ana quality of the sens Jo, Jhipped* to the farmers*■ commijfioners* collsflors* or other, peifm appointed to colie ft the duties and rates ariftng by cufioms within any fucb port* JbaU* upon fucb proof of the faid certificate* and agon giving fucb bond as by the faid aft is required* have and receive from fucb farmers* comimjfioners* coUeflors* or other perfons* in any port refpeflwely where the fame corn Jhall be fo /hipped* for every quarv. ter of barley or malt* ground or unground* two/hillings andfix pence*, for every quarter of rye* ground or unground* three /billings and fx: pence if or every quarter of wheat* gound or unground* five JbA~ bugs \ of which films every fucb commiffioner*farmer or etbff, perfon* is thereby authorized and required* upon demand by fucb superter* to make present payment accordingly: and whereas by a chmfc in an a ft made in the fame fe/ficn of parliament* intituled* An act for an additional duty of excife upon beer, ale and other liquoii* the benefit and advantage by the faid fir ft mentioned aft given to $t exporters of com from any port in England or Wales, ./; alfo grantr ed in like manner to the exporters of corn from the town and Portof Berwick upon T weed: and whereas by an aft made in the fifth year of the reign of £)ueen Anne, intituled* An a£t for eale ofher Mayfly’s fubje&s in relation to the duties upon fait; aqd for making the like allowances upon the exportation of white herrings, flefti, oatmeal, and grain called beer, alias bigg, as are to be made upon the exportation of the like from Scotland; St iL among/! other things* enabled* That for all oatmeal* or grain calif J beer* alias bigg* which Jhall be exported from any port of England* Wales,, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, to parts beyendth't feas* by any merchant or other person or persons wnatfiever* there jhall be the like Praemium given upon the exportation thereof as is to given (by the articles of union) upon the exportation of oatmeal orbeer from Scotland ; by which articles of union it is provided* That feeing by the laws of England there are rewards granted upon thj/ex~s portation of certain kinds of grain* wherein oats grinded or. ungrind-ed are not exprejjed* from and after the union* when oats fiafi be. fold at fifteen /billings Jlerling per quarter* or under* there /bailie^ paid Pm /hillings and fix pence Jlerling for fvqry jpuprter fj^

2	'*' meet

i



^ Ahn<?viedimo fexto Gfeonaii IT. c. 15.	37

meal exported in the terms of the law, whereby and fo long as rewards art granted fir the exportation of other grain, and that the beer of

b£v*\tbe fame rewards as barky : and whereas by another 5 Ann. c. 29. clause in the fold aft made in the fifth year of the reign of Queen Anne, it is enabled, That every merchant, or other perfon, exporting maUPtnade of iahtat; /hall have and receive for every quarter of malt fftfide ]of ivheat, or idheatmalt, ground or unground, five Jhillings, tHikfiaid by the re/peftive persons mentioned in the fatd aft made in tbe^ffhyeat of the reign of King William Queen Mary, in* tkiefed, An iaft for the encouraging the exportation of corn: dhd vdBereas'hy an aft made in the third year of the reign of bis pre-fenl^Ma/efiy, for better preventing frauds tn the malting of com fib- deportation, it is enabled. That toere /ball be paid to the malflers and btaters if malt for exportation, for every twenty quarters of b&Tty'f or other eofn or grain, that Jhall be entered ana made into mbit for exportation, an allowance of thirty quarters after the fame flxxKbe dried and made into malt, and no mbre, upon the exportation tttihedf, according to the faii aft made in the fir/l year of the reign of fang William and Queen Mary, intituled. An act for the en-cdtrtaging the exportation of corn; and in fuch cafes where by the fhhfdft they are entitled to the fame-, and Jo in proportion for a • gfeater or leffer quantity, payable in fuch manner as by the faid aft madbln ther ihirdyear of his present Majefiyfs reign is direfted: and vtihrOhr by a clause hr an aft made in the twelfth and thirteenth year off he rtign of King William the Third, intituled, An for f gating a> aid to his Majesty for defraying the expence of his ****][ * 5* itih^ gusfrds and ^arrifons, for one year, and for other necef-occasions; it ts, amongfi other things, enabled. That if the cotnftbfc qf the cufioms of any port wherein corn /hall be exported,

Jhd& tibr hove fu/fkient m his hands to fatisfy and pay fuch furtt or Jhktsdf money which are or /hall be due to any exporter by virtue of bp f faid aft made in the fir ft year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, arifing out of the cufioms and duties out of which to be paid, upon demand, according to the intent of the jaid that then fuch colleftcr /ball give to the person demanding fuch firm W Turns of money, without fee or reward, a certificate under htPparlobf what is due to fuch person for the corn exported from . fid/) fort, certifying to the ccmmi/Jioners of the cufioms at London, tjbhf he hath not monies in his hands fufficient to pay the fame ; which Certificate being annexed to the debenture for the corn fo exported, and btyjg firodvcea to his Majefifs comrnijfiontrs of the cufioms at Lon-&oiu ‘tbey the faid commijftoners are thereby authorized and required, dd ahnand, by the person that /ball bring the fame, to caufe the mo-dhfHhereby due to be paid in three months by the general receiver or cMlefof the cufioms, out of fuch monies as /ball be in his hand, a-fwhg v cut of futb cufioms or duties in the faid port of London as drichdrgeable with the payment of any money for the exportation of coftif according to the faid aft, without fee or reward, as in and by fl&jbiiftverdl afts above recited or mentioned, relation being thereunto Itwibirveijhad, may morefully appear: and whereas by reafon of the ghdf quantity qf com which of late bath been exported, the revenue •	P 3	.	appli-,





✓ 1

Debenture*

remaining unfatisfied tor 6 months to carry an interest of 3I. per jccipum*

Notice to be given when money is in hand to pay off the deben turesj

Anno vkefimo fexto Georgii U. <^15. f

applicable to the payment of ike bounty on the etyprtdfiion thetfo/ffating charged aifo with other payments) hath eptpeen thfyand pay all fitch^ monies duo far corn expor4tedy 4$ H yirjiu hf the faid aft made in the twelfth and thirteen th .year of tpe tfign, of King William the Thirii ora in manner therein, mentionefy, fgyabJi by the faid general receiver orxajburof thecujloms features for fuch monies fo payable do and may for tbatzeajoti ri, vtain unfatisfied: now, for making a rea (enable cojnpeuf^o'ajfpr fuch delay of payment, and to the end that the owners ai>o tjfibfi of land, and the nation in general, may continue to pnioyihe benefit defigned by the faid bounty on the ^xpotfation Of be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, , pnd with the advice and confent of the lords ipiritual ancf ]fr poral and commons in this prelent parliament aflembled and the authority of the fame. That if at any tint© from, and after twenty fifth day of March one thoulana fovea hundred and three, any debenture for the bounty on corn exported* fo able by the faid general receiver or cafhier of the cuftoth^ ( remain unfatisfied more than fix months next following the^day when the fame (ha)l or may have been produced to the commit fioners of the customs at London, according to the dire&iqns qf the faid a<ft made in the twelfth and thirteenth year of the reign of King William the Third, then and in fuch cafe, for the'forbearance of fuch money as, after the expiration of the &i<f»x months, shall be due on fuch debenture, interest after thef&c of three pounds per centum per annum lhall be allowed to tf>e pB-prietor or proprietors thereof, his, her or their executors, aami-ftrators or afligns, fuch interest to be computed from the ertdpf the faid fix months until the money due an fitch debehture‘‘to-gether with fuch intereft, shall be paid, or untfl mppey fufncl&t lhall be referved in the hands of the faid general receiver or calhier of the customs for that purpofe, and proper notice jl^ill be given thereof.

II.	And to the and that proper notice may he given thaf ipo-ney, fufficient is referved for that purpofe, and that pcrfon^o whom any fuch principal or interest shall be due, may pot a$ail them lei ves of their neglect to demand the fame; be JtfyMer enabled by the authority aforefaid. That when money fujfj£ftht shall be referved in the hands of the laid general received or calhier of the cuftoms, for payment of the principal and Tfue-reft due on any fuch debentures, as afterthe expiration of fhe faid fix months shall remain unfatisfied, the laid genera] reefer or calhier shall and may give notice in writing to be affixed on three or more doors of fome publick place or places in the cuftom houfe London, and to be advertized in tbe London G'd$$te, that on a certain day to be limited in the laid notice, ancf oh the four days next following fuch day (fo as fix days at the leaft intervene between the date of fudv notice, 2nd the day fos fimitfcd, and fo as Sundays and holidays be not included in the pumper of fuch four days) he lhall be ready to p*y and difehatge the, principal and interest due on fuch debentures f after the expiratidri of

 (^ooQle

| iAnno y^ceGmo fcxto Georgii II. c. 15.	39

wlpclj ^vc days,' payment of fuch principal and interest shall after whiefo nk w demihded piirfuant to the (aid nbtice, all interest on fuchtime '"tereft de^rartsftiallceafeand determine.	.	toceafe.

»; Iff? 'Provided always, That the prittcipalmonies due on fuch Principal tob« <H$mtUres^ together •With fuch interest p# shall be due thereup- paM notwith-os, before tfie expiration of the time limited in the faid notice^ ,ng‘ dialfat iriy time afterwards upon demand be paid to the proprietor 6r proprietors of fuch debentures, his, her or their execu-

f ’ admirrilirators crt affigns.

'. Provided also, and be it enafted by the authority afore- If there (had if at any time after the day prefixed by order of the ■* a"y ,"nC* teodqmdiifliohers of the cuftoms, for the payment of any fuch ne^in haad°* ftMtiirts fo produced to them, and before the end of fix futticient to months next following the day on which the fame shall have difchargethe Wn fo produced to them, the faid general receiver or cafhier ofde^entu.res* customs shall have money in his hands fufficient to fatisfy g"vtn thereof «pie,; and the like notice shall by him be given in manner the interest re mentioned, that he is ready to make payment thereof; thereon to . t fto demand of fuch payment (nail be made within the time ceafe»&c* fupitfd in fuch notice, then and in fuch cafe, no interest what-foeVtrftiall be allowed on fuch debentures; any thing in this a (ft tp the contrary thereof in afty wife notwithftanding. l tV., provided neverthelefs, and be it declared and enaded bv Principal and ..ffig. Authority aforefaid. That all debentures for corn exported, interest to be ~ able as is aforefaid by the general receiver or ca(hier of rite P“d incourfe. pins,’ Recording to the intention of the faid act made in the jfthand thirteenth year of the reign of King Wiltiam the X^xr<5, , together with the interest thereof, payable by virtue of mi* (If any fuch interest shall be due) shall be paid by the general receiver or cathier in courfe, refpedt being had to JlieS when fuch debentures shall have been produced to the commissioners of the cuftoms, in manner before mentioned, without any other preference of one before another.

YL And be it further declared and enaifted by the authority D , afofefaid, That when any certificate under the hand of the col- fentraenttobe Jwpf.of tbe customs of any port, affixed to any debenture for indorfed 0% wn exported from fuch port, certifying to the commiffioncrs certificate,*nd . ’or the customs at London, that he hath no monies in his hands ** order for' ^njpeient to pay what is due for corn (o exported, shall be pro- j^d^Melfto juiced to the faid commissioners, they lhall immediately in (itch to be Ijgn’d; ^jpjjiiner as hath been accuftomed, caufe an indorfement to be ' made, on the back of the faid debenture, of the day when the -	1

fjflpp was fo produced; and shall as foon as conveniently may be,

4gn’ their order to the faid general receiver or cafhier for payment thereof, and of fuch interest as shall grow due thereon by virtue of this adt, if the principal shall not be paid before the tipje when the interest allowed by this a& is directed to commence. ’■	•

m And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. Payment to ^nsft'it shall and may be lawful for the faid general receiver or be made with-ofiwty'Sf	cuftoms,	and	he	is	hereby	authorized	and	re-out fM-

;bir!/'k *’	0r‘	’	y	'	:	 D4	^uired1

 

Debenture*

tfignable.

4p	Amo	vioefitpo fcsto GboJi0U XL.-cw

wired, when he rtullk make payment of the principal mow*

due on any fuch debenture, ta pay alfi> without fee or reward the interest which ftufU be due thereon* by virtue of this/ad, out of fuch monies as fhaH be in his hands, arifing outoffecffi f i	cuftoms or duties, as are chargeable with the payment of any

money for the exportation of corn; and the monies ft> paid hy him, m obedience to this a&, shall be accepted of in his aQouunt, as fo much money paid to his Majefiy, his heirs or facet* fors, and he shall be difeharged therefrom accordingly.

VIII.	And be it further declared and ena&ed by the autho-

rity aforefaid. That every person to whom any money shall he payable for com exported by virtue of any fuch debenture, sod his or her executors, adminiftrators or afiigns, by proper words of afljgnment to be indorfed upon fuch debenture, may aflign and transfer his or her right and interest therein, to any other ; which indorfement shall intitle fuch aflignee or afiigoees, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators or afiigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon; and fuch affignee or aflignees may inline manner afligo again, and fo toties quotie^ at any time before payment thereof shall be made by the faid general receiver or caflior of the customs as aforefaid.	!

IX.	And whereat by the fixtb article of the treaty of union, iijs provided that all parts of the united kingdom for ever, from and after ihe union, Jball have the fame allowances, encouragements and drawbacks, and be under the fame prohibitions, reftriflions and regulations of trade, and liable to the fame cufloms and duties on import and export ; and that the allowances, encouragements and dratubckl, prohibitions, rejlriftions and regulations of trade, and the cujbmsand duties on import and export fettled in England, when the uniotifom-mences, /ball from and after the union, take plaa throughout tie

w	whole united kingdom ; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority *-

is uot money f°refaid. That if at any time, from and after the twenty fifth inband to pay day of March one thousand feven hundred and fifty three, the the bounty on colletfor of the customs at any port in that of Great Britain cshU-^ $cot^nb fr°m w^ich corn shall be exported, shall not, bawe :+ctrtiilcate to Efficient in hishandtofatisfy and pay fuch (uroor fums of money, 4* framed f which are or shall be due to any exporter, by virtue of the lawn now in being, arifing out of the customs and duties, out of Which it ought to be paid, that then fuch colleAor shall give to the person demanding fuch fum or fums of money, without fee or reward, a certificate under his hand, of what is due to fuch v	perfon for the corn exported from fuch port, certifying to the

commiflioners of the customs at Edinburgh, that he hath not *ndthedebenrmonies m his hand fufficient to pay the fame; which certificate turcto be paid being annexed to the debenture for the corn fo exported, and baby receiv- Jng produced to the commifiioners of the customs at Edinburgh, er general in they the faid commifiioners are hereby authorized and required, on demand by the person that shall bring the fame, to caufe the irjonies thereby due, to be paid in three months, by the general receiver or cafhier of the customs in Scotland, out of fuch monies & (haJJ be in his hand, arifing out of fuch customs or duties, us '	'	are

I months.





4*

<753-1	*	G*	&t&n	II.	c.	%$.

'Cre^a^gfebte^Htfttte	money	for	the	cxporta-

bftrft^ Without fee or reward/

33fc1Arid ft# it further^ cftaftedby the authority aforefttd,.~. T^tifaranytime from and after the twenty fifth d4y of remaining un-iM&rtb bnethouftfnd feven hwidred and fifty three, any debar- fatwfied for 6 tirir'for the bauntyfon cbmexported j fo payable by the (aid ge- month* to <f**v*!f*c*iMer ot cafftier of the customs in Scotland, shall remain “"7 *I'JK waforisfied mode than fix months next fallowing the day when * m crci*’ the fame shall or may have been produced to the commifiioners •of thecuftoms at Edinburgh as atorefaid, then and in fuch cafe	1

4br>‘ifcft forbearance or delay of payment of fuch money, as after tht; expiration of the faid fix months shall be due on fuch '<*betiCut£^ interest after the rate of three pounds per centum per temuw Ihtfl be aH6wed to the proprietor or proprietors thereof,

Iwai ^her of their executors, adminiftrators or afligns, fuch in-

Ititftkabk computed from the end of the (aid fix months, un-

-tfttht mbney due on fach debenture, together with fuch inte-

reft, ftfaM be paidj or until money fufficient shall be referved in

Hfteihandof the faid general receiver orcafttierof the cuftoms

in 'Scotland for that purpofe ; and like notice shall be given there- Notice to be

of in writing, to be affixed on one or more doors of feme pa- given when

blfck place or places in the cuftom-houfe at Edinburgh, arid to

hte advertifed in the Edinburgh Currant, that the faid general re- difeharged,

ettver or caftuer is ready to pay and difeharge the principal and and interest to

intereft due on fuch debentures; after the expiration of which ceafe.

tbW limited in fuch notice, if payment of fuch principal and

ihtefeft shall not be demanded, purfuant to the faid notice, all

itttdreft on ftich debentures shall ceafe and determine.

tv Xf. Provided allb, That if at any time after the day prefix- jf there (hall

by the order of the faid commifiioners of the customs at i£- be at any time iiHmergh, for the payment of any fuch debenture fo produced to thensafotwip-themy and before the end of fix months next following the day »*£ ** hand* Which the fame shall have been fo produced to them, the faid -^etteral receiver or cafhier of the customs in Scotland shall haveaebcntur«*r * ^tttohfcy in his hand faflkient to fatisfy the fame, and the like net- and notice he dfceftialtby him be given in manner before-mentioned, that he the i»r 4sr*eady to Make payment thereof, and no demand of fuchtcpeft h>)qe§fr. ^payment shall be made within the time limited for ftich notice,

(then and ift faeh tafe no interest whatfoever shall be allowed on '>fileh debentures.

Xf I. Provided ajfo, That all debentures for corn exported, Debenture* in playable as afbrefaid by the general receiver or cafhier of the cu- Scotland to be (toms in Scotland, together with the interest thereof, by virtue of fhte'adt (if any fuch interest shall be due) shall be paid by the ceiver, amT* frrfcf general receiver or calhier in courfe, refpetft being had to the withoutiui^ riimes when filch debentures shall have been produced tothe preferpacc. ^ommiffioners of the customs at Edinburgh as aforefaid, without	*

3*hy other preference of one before another, according to the todorfement to be made bn the back of the faid debenture of the 2day when tlte feme was fo produced; and every fuch debentufe ^haUbe payable tb the person therein named, or to hrs or her ^	,	t**





Anno vittGnK>£*o Gtorqji JJ. c,j^

c&cytotfa adfnii>iftf^rs at iBpgns, byoru? or more ii^orfc-meats as aforefak).

CAR XVI.	<

An aft far reducing the number of direftors of the corpora* tkm of the governor and company of merchants of Gita^ Britain trading to the South-Seas and other parts of merica; and for encouraging the fijbery; and for regs^ dating the eleftion of the governors and direftor* of the faid company.

WHEREAS^ and by the charter of incorporation granted in purfuance of an an of the ninth year of her late majefly Queen Anne to the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fijhery, bearing date the eighth day of September in the year of our Lord one thousand [even hundred and eleven9 it is amongji other things dire fled, That for the good government of the feud company, there Jbould be for ever a court of directors, 'to confijl of one governor, one fub-governor and one deputy-governor9 and thirty directors, and that the majority of the faid court of directors, whereof the governor, fub-governor or deputy-governor (ek-apt as in the faid charter is excepted) to be always one, Jhoula be deemed a court of directors; and that from and after the election, by the faid charter directed to be made between the twenty fifth flap of December and the fixtb dap of February one thousand jeven bundled and feventun, of and for fuch governors and directors,furb election Jbould from thenceforth be made every third year between the twenty fifth day of December and the fixth day of February, for ever: and whereas the faid company at a general court holden on the fifft day of February one thousand feven hundred and fifty three, came to a rtfolution that proper application Jbould be made to parliament in the name of the faid company, that from and after the expiration of the three years for which the present governors and directors art chofen, the court of directors of the faid company might confijl of one governor, one Tub-governor, one deputy-governor, and eighteen < directors only, and that the majority of fuch court of directors, whereof gtbe_ governor, fub-govemer or deputy-governor [except as in the faid company's charter is excepted) to be always one, might from thenceforth he deemed a court of directors \ and that from thenceforth alfo the election <f governors and directors might be annually, between the twenty fifth day of December and the fixth day of February \ and theft the firjt election of governors and eighteen directors might be between the twenty fifth day of December one thousand /even hundred and fifty three, and the fixth day of February then next following; apd whereas the faid governor and company, by their petition under their common feat, have prayed that they may be enabled, by authority of parliament, to carry the aforejkid reflation of their general court into execution; may it therefore pleafe your mod excellent Majesty, upon the humble petition and requeft of the fiud governor

■

 CjOOQle

Arina' vi&fimo fextd GfcdRGir II. o. 17.	4$

•ok' foftifrKny1, thaKit ih«y enaCfed, fend be it enaCtadby the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advicdand consent of the lords foiritual and temporal and commons in this parliament affembled, and by the authority of the famp,

a and after the expiration of the three years for which The number governors and directors are chofen, the court of of which the drj'bf the'laid company do arid shall confift of one go- e®*"* °f di-tdfihbfj One'(ub-goverhor, one deputy-governor, and twenty “to tfiife dtreCtorsenly I «and that the majority of fuch court of .directors, whereof the governor. Tub-governor or deputy-gover-nor f except as in the charter of the faid company is excepted) to be mvays one, shall from thenceforth be deemed and be a court dTdireCtors.

. Provided always, and be it further enaCted by the autho- . .

iforefaid, That at the next general ele&ion of directors, genenddec-_ twenty one directors and no more, who were at the laft preced- non *1 of the - wg-general election of directors chofen'into the office of direct- former directors, may be again appointed or chofen into the office of direct- °” “y ** re* ors; and that at and in every fubfequent election no more than every fifteen who were at the laft preceeding general election of direct- fubfequent7 grs Chofen into the office of director, shall be again appointed one, no more fir chofen into the office of director; any by-law of the (aid go- *{**" of ,Vemor and company to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-	e

Coding.	deftion.

in. Provided always, and be it further enaCied by the autho- salaries of the trity aforefaid, That the falaries of the governors and directors governors and ,©f (he (aid governor and company shall continue and be the fame directors to fif tbpynow are; any by-law of the faid governor and company 'ontmue **

- to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

:"	cap.	xvii.

ifn. a8 for the more effectual levying of the duties upon w -efems or lights in that part of Great Britain called Scot-land.

^TT HE RE AS an ail of parliament was made in the twentieth " ’ Vy ' year if the reign of his prefent	An	aCt	*oGeo.s.c.j»

•fbr repealing the several rates and duties upon houfes, windows s fetid'light* ; and, for granting unto bis Majesty other rates and duties apon houfes, windows andlights; and for other ufes aqd {Htipofes in the faid aCt exprefled: and whereas another ail of par- jiGeo.*.c.i<?» 'ftarhent was made in the twenty firjl year of the reign of his present vMadefy,intituled. An aCt fbr explaining, amending, and farther : Enforcing the execution of the faid aCt of the twentieth of his 1 present Majesty 5 by which several amendments and alterations of the of art find ait were made: and whereas thofe aits have not proved feitiial for railing and levying the duties upon windows or lights in vtb»panof Great Britain tailed Scotland, and it is therefore ne-Piffdry ' that feme further provifions be made for that	be	it

enabledby the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and J^rith the ftdvice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal

anft

now.



4*

The coramlf-fioners of the land-tax to nominate af« feflors for fur-▼eying the windows.

Notice of fnch nomination to begiventothe afleflbrs,

who are to appear before the commif-fionert, and receive their inftru&ioos.

Afleflbrs to leave a note of the furvey and charge at eacfrbouJc.

Afleflbrs to report their fur-▼eyandcharge to the commit fionprs of fup-

Mote of the

afleflrnent to be lodged with the colie&or pf the land-tax* who is to poU*a the . window-tax.

JbmoviceGmo fexto GfcoftOii IL CVtyA	f i

and Commons in thkpfefefttpafliamentifltmbl^	’

ttorify of the fame, That *be duties and rates by the fekf aft* ' impo(w Upon windows or lights in that part or this ktrrgdofti/ calledScotland (hall, ftom and after thefifteenth day of this ptefent year one thioufend feven hundred and fifty	beT

rfcHed, levied and collected in manner herein after- me^kmed^ ’ that is to fav, the commiftfoners of the land-tax whb fiaiVt beirti, ^ appointed for levying the land-tax for the year onethooflnfd1 feven hundred and fifty three, and AkH <x>mihi(fioners as fthdl1 be appointed for levying the land-tax for the year one thodfeinif1 feven hundred and fifty four, and fo in titne coming for all years thereafter, shall upon the firft day of their meetings oh at ' •ny fubfequent meeting, before the second day of AUgujl year! jy^ nominate and appoint one or more afleflbrs for furveymg; and numbering the windows or lights of all houfes fub}e& to the' faid duty within the several parifhes belonging to or tying wmi-1 in the several counties Or boroughs wherein the feia comrrpf^t fioners for the faid tax shall be named and comtoiflioiied to aft;' and the clerk to the faid cotftmiffioners of every (hife 6tP borough refpedtively, shall give notice to the affeffors fo to be1 named, of their being named afleflbrs for the purpofe aforefaid, ] and that by a notein writing fubferibed by the clerk to be de£;i livertdto them perfonally, or left at their dwdling-houfes witJV- ’ in the (pace of ten days after their being nominated or appoihf- i ed as aforefaid ; and the feid afleflbrs (haH, upon fuch day as theA commiflioners shall appoint for that purpofe, which day shall bc^ within one calendar month after their appointment, perfonally^ appear before the commiflioners of fupply, or any quorufo of? them, at their ordinary place of meeting, and (hah be therd in- ; ftru&ed by the commiflioners as to what is their duty, aiidb What they are to execute, as to the way1 and manner of Wfvfcjr-15 ingand numbering of the windows or lights fubjeeft to the dtiryv1 v II. And be it further enabled, That the (kid afldfors (h^H^af1 the time of their forveying and numbering the (aid windori^ and lights, leave a note in writing with the occupied of houfe, or at the houfe itfelf, of the futvey he hath made, bdayi*1 ing the number of the windows or lights, and the amount of the duty frith which the faid occupier is to be charged. 1 ‘ " J

III.	And be it enabled, That the ftid afleflbrs lhall^epbrtf the farvey by them made, and the number of windows or tighVi ' in each houfe, and duty with which the occupier of every racH? houfe is charged, to the commiflioners of fapply, upon fach da^ -as the commiflioners shall appoint at the time they give thdr^ inftruftiotts; which day shall be within twenty days after the/ day of giving the inftrudions to the faid aflfeflbrs.	’‘f

IV* And be it further fena&ed, That * note of thefe aflbff- * ments shall forthwith be lodged by the clerk of the commiffioh^ prs m the hands of the colle&or of the cefs ot land-tax for the^ faid county ; and that the coHecftor of the ceft or land-tax • the time being for each county and burglv within Scotland (halt * be and is hereby appointed; impowered and ttqdired to b* cM—

Jedlpr

i7$g-J ABQQ'ykrfirao fbcto Ge^oh II. c. 17*	4^

hrdprof the duty imputed upon windows or lights; and the Sureties c$gpon$vs or furies for every fueh colk&or of theccfs or land** f°rUu-d nl100 r be farther ipfofaflo bound by virtue of this act foe the performance ' di)p aod faithful performance) by fuch coltedor, of all parts of of bis office, '* thp dpjy	office hereby committed ta him, in refpect of	•

tfif juries 00 windows or lights* and that under the penalty of one Jmiwlped pounds sterling 5 and that every fuch coljedor of* ftaUlikjewife be iotitied to have-an allowance from the receiver general of the sum of three penceper pound of the mo- 3d. perpound Oey arifing from the faid window t$x.	allowed him,

j y • 4nd whereas bytccafwn of the death of persons cbofen to be tel* lectors of the cefs or bsndrtax in the, several Jbires or boroughs in that patutf Great Britain called Scotland, or by other accidents* it may Happen that there Jball be a vacancy of that office, and by confequcnce no seUefter of the faidjuty on windows or lights; be it therefore en-adjpf.ty the authority afcrefajd, That as often as it £hall hap- Vacancy of pcpJ^jt there is a vacancy in the office of eolledor of the cefa collector to be orj land-tax in any (hire or borough in Scotland, it shall and may be, lawful for the barons of the court of exchequer in Scot* thccxdwqupr^ lapfryQt any two or more .of them, upon the application of the, ,	^

liver general or furveyor general of the duties on windows or	.

£s* or either of them, to nominate and appoint a periha to. spate as eolledor of the duty on windows or lights, within epunty or borough, during the vacancy of the office of ool«

[or p( the ccfs or land-tax within fuch county or borough;

:the perfpn or persons fo to be appointed by the faid barons j^ye all; apd every the powers and duties concerning cho "fig* collefling and paying over the faid duty on windows or ts*, that the colle<ifor of thecefs or land-ux, and of the taid dufju wqutd have had by virtue of this ad; and shall alfo her to receive from mch (hire or borough, for and during th£Jtipie of his feryice* the like falary or allowance as was give** left coUcdor of the land-tax, for fuch (hire or borough ; ap$lf thatover and above the allowance of three pence in tbe^ / ppijmd jof the duties pn windows or lights that shall be colledsd	1

hylfthp during the time of his ading in fuch office*

Apd be* it enaded* That the occupiers of each hou(e* Occuh1mt^G: the Windows or lights whereof are to be charged with the faid P*y.<hity duty^ lhalj^y themfelves, or others for their behoof pay in the haiHeary-dji^ with wlpch tlvey are charged, on or before the twenty

tay of September* yearly, for the half year betwixt Whit-	4

^(and Martinmas day j and on or before the twenty fifth	*	1

Iffi jfdareb, yearly, for the half year betwixt Martinmas f and provifton In } ^vtfundfty, to the eolledor of the cefs personally, or at his pf- cafe of appeal, • fice by him held (or receiving the land tax, unleis fuch occupier (hell cnter an appeal agaurft the afiefiment made 9 in which c*fe fwyp appeal shall be difeufied before payment in manner herein y dtreded, and ,(h?U be made only within fen days after dif-jngordifmiilingfuch appeal, in the manner herein after* pro*

and that, every fuch occupier, (hall, in cafe of hts not °a nohpayv; ’ Fajfing.il) tbedtyW i^i|h; wbwlvlw is <;h?rgedf to thp

‘ :z zan

Hy.-to.it

- ',i ,;i



4ft

Dudes and forfeitures how to be recovered.

Apprai/ement and fale of goods di-strained.

If there /hall be no pur-chafer the di- * ftrefs to be lodged with the (heriff de-

Eute, and to e ibid by trim, if not redeemed within 4 days j

Anno vkefvneicxtoGeorojiII. <±17*

of the cefs, upon tbeday uponwhicb, hc,i*. hereby MpoimoJ tpt pay the feane, or within three days thereafter, foifoittrebJe th^ valueand extent of the duty with which he (lands charged* :,.

: VII. And be it further enabled. That tbe duties ty, the ad itnpofcd, and bloewife all. penalties, triple values,and Sotcfen tures inclined by virtue of this ad, shall be, recovered at the Ant of the refpedive coUe&ors, by di draining or poyndjng^ac^piding. to the forms of the laws of Stotkmd, upon warrants to be grat^n ed and fubfcribed by any two of the coauniflianers of Aippix, by the (heriff, or depute (heriff, of the county from whom Aten warrant shall be requited, and they are hereby re(pe*5Hvdy toj quired to grant the fame under the penalty, of ten pounds sterling, ttties ptttirs, upon certificate made to them, or either of them, by the colle&or of tbe cefe, thatiuch penalties or fotv feitures are incurred, and fuch duties reding, and not duly paid* which warrants shall be. executed by the cooftabjes. ordhenff/Jf-ficers of the county; and tbe goods oreffc&a fo poynded or dty drained shall be valued and appraifedbyany two persons, to be appointed by the (heriff officer or condable to value and appraife fuch goods, which two persons shall be. obliged to value tqp fame, under tbe penalty of forty (hillings derliag, for each ne»-gleA orrefufal j and which valuation shall be made upon th/e ground, or at the houfe where the fame were .poynded and di-ftramed, and may and shall be fold and difpofed of at the valuer by the officer or condable who does poynd or didrain the fame ; and the value to be applied in the fird place, to the fatisfa&ion and.payment of the duty, triple value or penalty, owing,by toe person whofe goods are (b poynded; and in the second place, to tbe payment for the trouble of the officer or condable poyqa-i«g, at the rate of two (hillings/rr pound of the duty, triple value or penalty, for which the goods shall be poynded or didrained, unlefs the owner, from whom the fame were poynded or. di-flrained, shall redeem the fame by payment of the appraifed value within the fpace of four days after the poyndiog and valuation, to the officer who poynded the fame) and in cafe ai)y furplus shall remain of the price or value after payment of the duty due or penalty incurred, and after payment of what is .allowed to be retained by the officer or condable in manner herein directed, futh furplus shall be returned to the owner from, whpqi the goods were didrained; and in cafe no purchafer or buyer do appear at the faid fale, that tbe faid goods or effe&s fo poynded or didrained shall be configned and lodged in the hands of -the (heriff depute of the county, or his fubditute, and if not redeemed by the owner within the fpace of four days after tbeeon-fignment in the hands of the faid (heriff, that the fame (hajl.be rouped, fold and difpofed of by order of the (heriff, m fuch manner and at fuch time and place, as lie (hall, appoint, he always being liable to the payment of the duty, triple value, or of the penalty or penalties incurred, to tbe colIeAor of the ce$, and to the officer or condable who shall have poynded the fame, for their trouble and cxpcnce as above dated, in cafe the jralue

of

i!?¥3*T Anno vfcefino iextri O&QRcm II. c. i j*	4^

6f	fofbWf shall aihoimt t^tlid e^tem of the dutyand

^aflt^ inctrrrcd,	the fees due to iheofficer orconftable^

and (htffhd'm'the third phceintitledtO' orie (hiding/Urpound* *. per pound W^roVali^^the'gddds to difpofe&of, for his own pairis tfnd	T

t^jbW^ tfter pfofei'ence and allowance of the duty or penalties* ^	*	!

i^riTWhat apjfotttted to j^e paid to the officer or constable filf4 their	and that-there shall Jikewtfe be allowed to tho

otB&f btf tirtfeWd fo pbyhdiilg, theotpence of preferring or foSudfoftring the gdods or cattle fo poynded, during the four Arjri allowed to the owhet to redeem them, and the expence of ifie fife; arid in like foamier the expence shall be allowed to the w^^^^rdferVin^'arid maintaining the goods or cattle di«

Stained, during the few days that the owner is allowed to re*

^fedriy *^er copfigmnent in his hands, as alfo the expence of the

t^HI. :]And be it further enafted* That the officer or confttble The duties VWdHfttelfdltyofe: 6f fuch goods or cattle fo poynded, diftrained and penalties &dloltf.K(hall be bound to pay in the fartis arifing from the file, $ thePfale tov iti^fcffr^exfondvfo the duties or penalties for which the lame the colleftor ^r^^yiideiyto theeollfcftor of the cefs or land-tax* within of the land-teri days after receipt of the price, allowing always what is abovetax* iso Wed for his own pains and expense $ and that in like man-the goods or cattle diftrained (hail be difpofed of by the ftforiff, as before direfted, he (hall, within four days after re-tSfittof the price, be obliged™ pay in the fame to the colleftor Wtht ctfs, after deduftion of what is appointed to be paid, to Wfe officer or conftaHe who made the poynding 5 and rafter de-^uftirin of what is above allowed to be Trained by him for his mjm^>ahis and expence; and fball remain liable tothecoileftor wHheefcft unfit payment, and fubjeft to be poynded and di-jfyfatil thcrefortifi the fame manner as is above provided with jtfe^iid fo any person *liable to duties or penalties in virtueiof

And beit enafted, That every fudh colleftor of *the cefs colleftor to

f^frd-tax, and duties on windows or lights, shall pay over to pay over the ttceiver general at Edinburgh, all fuch monies as he shall fame to the rfe received iri refpeft of the duties or penalties aforefaid* in receiver gene-ihMmer, and upon the days of payment following ; that is to fal ha“ yc*r’ lift. The duties or penalties arifing half-yearly betwixt IVbib- y* and MartikmSy on or before the twenty fifth day of Dt~ jmbfriti fuch year; and the duties and. penalties arifing between ^maftirtmas ana	on	or	before	the twenty fourth day

immediately following.

And be it further enafted, That it (hail be inthe power Perfbmag-j8f the persons fiable and affeffed for the duties afbrefaid* in cafe grieved by «foy ffiall conceive themfelves to be injured by the afleffinent and afl!^j?®nt 1 #r 'oiar^e mrfde upon them by the* forveyor or aflefibr; or to foe toTbe \torveyor or colfoftor, if he shall judge foe crown to be leafed by corofuffioneif - We ^ffeflment or charge made, to appeal to the cotnmiffioners of fupply. ^Wfoppfy.

Provided always, That everyoccupier of a houfe who

10	(hall





48	Anno	vicelimo	fano	Gxa&eii	Ifc anfi • [1755;

Occupier to shall conceive himfetf to be aggrieved by the aJfefipeat or chafe* givea note of nude upon him for his windows or lights, (hah, wtthfcttbw totfiecollec- *P°5C °*htteen days after the note in	of hri charge be*

tor within 15 delivered to him, or left at bis howfe hy the aftfibr <tf famyor, days after the by himfeIf, or feme other person ailing on bis behalf^ debVer* C dh* or cau^ to ^ delivered,’ to the collector of the cefo at hit efioe, vered to nim. a notc ;n writing of tfoe wrong or grievance of Whkkfuah person complains, and thereof he (hah be minded'to fak Collector to redrefs by appeal; and fach collector is hereby rtqeirodtaiMdcw make entry of an entry in a book to be kept by him for that pcrpofe, of all fuch notices, fUch notices given to him, from time to time, and to lay the fame before the faid commiifioners at their firft meeting; and every fuch collector is farther hereby required* upon demand made for that purpofeby the afleflor&, or (urveyors,t*give them infpe&ion and leave to take a copy of all fuch notices of appeals^ that they may attend the meeting of the faid ccuuniffidncrs, prepared to anfwer the fame in fupport of their change.

Appellant not XII. And be it further ena&ed, That in cafe the party gfeing profecuting, fuch notice of an appeal or complaint shall negfo&to mfift there-

and give a copy to the furveyors.

CommiflSon-

5	tnen and in tnar cate luch complaint or appeal(hall be held to be fallen from, and the charge or afieflment therein referred to shall (land in full force*

\»vuimrn___ XIII. And be it eroded, That the commissioners flnH hold

wTto'boId'ge-* general meeting for difcufling of appeals upon the firft Tntfdaf neral meet-	yearly,	and	another	upon the firft tfiay of Mata

inn for ap. yearly, and upon fuch other days as the laid commifftonersihall ^	from	time to time appoint for that purpofe: and in cafe either

tantdif- thef-rv eyor, or the person fo appealing or complaining, shall be and declare themfelves diflatisfied with the determination made by the faid com mi Stoners upon fuch appeal, it ftalload ma take the **	t0	an<*	^or	of	them	fo diflatisfied refpcc-

^mefit of the tivdy, to proceed and take the benefit of the provifion madem provifion in fuch cafe in the faid ad of the twenty firft year of his Majtfty?* the aft of reign.	.	. u

aiGeo.i.c.io. XIV. And be it further enabled, That in cafe the afleflbrs to be appointed from time to time by the faid coinmifiioners, shall perform the duty committed to them by making their afieft-inents, and bringing in their certificates, as by the faid former alts is direded, then and in that cafe the furveyors and infpcc-tors appointed or to be appointed in the manner direded by tipf faid ad of the twentieth of his Majesty, shall proceed accordie to the powers thereby given them, to examine and fuper * and whereany fuch afleflments ; and as often as they shall find any person 00 under- cupier of ahoufe to have been under-rated, give notice in writ* notice to Se* *n6	negk&	OT	failure	to	the occupier of fuch houfe, arid

occupier and alfo to the colledor hereby appointed; and fuch additiomd coUeftor, See. charge may and shall be paid, recovered, or the justice thereof tried and difeufled in the manner, and according to the rules herein mentioned; and in cafe at any time the (aid comnrif-

fionen

fatisfied with their determination,

Surveyors to fupervife tbe attefftnents.

 

Anno vfafiraodexid Gseneii II. c. r&	49.

U099t Aati acgkd.l» zpfotat a£c&ntj m in cafe the afeflbrs: Common- ■„< byrthafl appointed .fluU faU or«egJe<& to make the inlpc&ion, teQrta	a?? ‘

in the certificate* required of them, that then andjn^S?,.; fi^dicafcJt (haliand may be bwfaltoaad for the faid furveyori©rsnegle£Un*,i of&myort taaiikr a certificate in writing under their refpec- *h«>r duty, tiyeJteda ofettary dwelling-houfe inhabited, or charged by thc^7eyor^ ; faid oft* of she twentieth and twenty firft years of his Majesty’s cmificare of re%fll, witfatb tbe limits of thofe pari files or places in which they the duties, fcviraHy aSt, end of the numher of windows or lights in each	>

htttfa, with the names of the fevcral occupiers of each refpcc-titHl dwelling-hen fe, and of the fums of money which they ought tctipay. by. virtue of the faid ads, and to deliver or leave a notenote ot^the irtwrrtiog with/ the occupier of every houfe that shall have been d°^at ®he ” bynSbena refp^divdy furveyed, or at the houfe itfelf* of fuch occupier *	, ’	j

ftualcy* hearing the number of the windows or lights, and the houfe, extend of tbe duty with which the occupier of fuch houfe is charged, and shall alfodeliver fuch certificates as aSorefaid to the and to deliver rem&ivecoUe&ors of the rates and duties upon windows orth*certificates ligHtei£ereby appointed ; whereupon the rcfjpedive oc«ipiei’s^rll:jj*' 1 fhaU,*^ndie iAanoer, at the times, and under the penaltiesabovfc.|d [cv^ and \\

mentioned, pay or deliver their refpe&ive duties to fuch collec^pav over.the todr imdio cafe of the failure or negleft of them to make fucah^ntie*. payments as aforefaid, fuch collector (hall, according to the cer-> tincates delivered to him by the furveyar, call for, recover-and; brifigjfn therefpedive duties and penalties dueand incurred by	,	-«no>

tbr~pccfont fo proving deficient; and being recovered. p*y invei? r ; JJ thdjaitfe to the receiver general at Edinburgh, at the timerabdk	im*

intthdamumer above directed.	/»v	/	-•* «

sKVb Provided always. That in cafe the occupier of anyhowfewhej^ tfc.V, ,? cohering hicnfdf to be aggrieved by fuch furvey, shall eoaer<harge o»all. M.v; argtghncoottce of .his complaint or appeal as aforelaid, then and ^c°”tro<ye,t* t iniahat cafe the coUetfdr shall not proceed to recover by dtftrefs^’^made"0 ; fucbjfftrtdf the charge as shall be complained of, or controvert-till the appeal * edibytfbrh appellant, until the final difeuiion of the appeal, determined, ! eidtfriby’its being fallen from or profecuted to a final decifion, in manner above-mentioned.

o) nr^'	.	*

lU-	CAP.	XVIII..

fit Merging and regulating the trade into the Le-*	vant	feas.

‘ ^Jfcf j£B. E A S King James the Firjl^by letters patent bearing * .date the fourteenth day ^/December in the third year of his f>Sd grant to several per Jons therein named, and to their fans, __ w Jjuh others as Jhould then after* be admitted or made freey that thcTjbpuld be one fellowjbip, and one body corporate and politick, by tb+m&t* of The governor and company of merchants of Eng* loaferadiug into tike Levant feas, and by the fame name Jhould have pafrfirtl1fucceffm j and did dire#, That all perfcns+jubjcRs of ibis .ffff m€ri merchants, which then were, or after th* date of thefa&b^*** Patent Jhould happen to ber under the Qgeof twenty

SO

Anno viceHmo facto Georgii II. C. i8#	[1753.

fix years, or net cut of bis or their apprenticejbips, Jhould be admitted into the freedom of toe faid company, if be or they Jhould demand the fame within one year next after he or they Jhould attain the age r of twenty fix years, or within one year after the end of his or their apprtn-ticejbips, and jhould offer and pay to the faid governor and company for his or their admittance the sum of twenty Jive pounds ; and did further dire ft, That all persons, fubjefts of this realm of England, being mere merchants, above the age of twenty fix years, Jhould be admitted into the freedom of the faid company, upon paying a fine of fifty pounds; and did alfo direft, That all and every the fons of fuch as were or Jhould be free of the faid company, and alfo all their apprentices employed in that trade for the Jpace of three years or Upwards, within the limits of the faid letters patent, Jhould after the end of their apprenticejbips be admitted to the freedom of the faid company, on payment of the sum of twenty Jbiltings only: and whereat King Charles the Second, by ms letters patent bearing date the fecund day of April in the thirteenth year of his reign, did ratify and confirm the faid letters patent of King Tames the FirJl; and did further dir eft. That no person rejidtng within twenty miles of the city cf London Jhould be admitted into the freedom of the faid company, or have any benefit of the privileges thereof, unlefs he he made free of the faid city: and whereas the trade into the Levant feas has very much de-creafed, and the taking of lefs fines for the admiffion of persons into the freedom of the Jaid company, and the not refraining of the freedom thereof to mere merchants, and to fuch persons as refuting within twenty miles of the city of London are free of the faid city, and the fecuring to all persons admitted into the faid company, the liberty of exporting at all times hereafter all forts of goods and merchandise (not prohibited by law to be exported) to any port or place within the limits of the faid letters patent, from what parts of Great Britain, and at what time, and in what quantity, and on board what Jbips (navigated according to law) they Jhall refpeftiveJy think proper, and alfo of importing in the like manner from any port or place within the limits of the faid letters patents raw filk, or any other goods or commodities pur chafed within the faid limits, {not prohibited by law to be imported) are the mojl probable means of recovering and extending the faid trade for the benefit of this nation \ may it therefore pleafe your Majesty, that it may be enadled; and be it enadted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of AnyftiHJeftof the fame, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June Great Britain onc thousand feven hundred and fifty four, every lubje& of mHBon^ and Great Britain defiring admiffion into the faid company of mer-paymg toL chants of England, trading into the Levant fas, commonly cal-to be made led or known by the name of The Turky company, (hall, upon re-free of the w qutfi for that purpofe made by himfelt, or any other person in pajur/ C°m" behalf, to the governor or deputy governor of the feid cotao-pany for the time being, be admitted into the faid company within the fpace of thirty days after fuch requeft shall be made, and shall have, ufe and enjoy all the liberties, privileges, jurif-

dilUons,

1753-1 Anno vicesimo fexto Georgii II. 0.18.	51

didtions, francbifes, powers and authorities granted to the faid company by the faid letters patent, as largely, fully and amply ^ to all intents, conftrudlions and purpofes, as any member of the faid company could, can or may have, ufe and enjoy the fame* by virtue of the faid letters’patent, fuch fubjedi paying or tendering* or caufing to be paid or tendered, for fuch his admif-fion,tortheufeof the faid company, the sum of twenty pounds, and no more; any thing in the faid letters patent, ot either of them, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid* That from Qath to be and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hun- taken on a<U dred and fifty four, the following oath in lieu of the oath here- miffion-tofore taken by persons upon their admiflions to their freedoms in the (aid company, shall betaken by every person upon his ad-miffion to his freedom, either before the governor or deputy governor of the faid company, or before two of his Majesty’s juftices of the peace, (who are hereby refpedtively impowered and required to adminifter the faid oath) which juftices are hereby required to certify under their hands and feals, that the. faid oath was taken by

on the	day of	before

, two of his Majesty’s juftices of the peace in an$l for

us.

YO U jwear to be good, faithful and true to our fovereign lord Thc olt^ King George, his heirs and fuccejjors \ you Jhall be obedient and afjiftant to the governor, his deputy and affflants of the company of merchants ^ England trading into the Levant feas, in all lawful matters; you Jhall truly hold and keep to your power (having no Angular regard to ycurfelf to the hurt and prejudice of the common weal of the faid companyJ all ftatutes, afts and ordinances, which have teen duly made, according to the grant of privileges granted to the faid company, and confijlent with an aft of parliament made in the twenty fixth year of the reign of his majejly King George the Second, intituled, An adt for enlarging and regulating the trade into the Levant feas; the fecrets of the faid company you Jhall not difcloje; and if you Jhall know any person or persons that intend any hurt, harm or prejudice to our aforefaid fovereign lord the King's majejly i his heirs or fuccejfors, or to the faid company, or the privileges 0/the faid company, you Jhall give knowledge'thereof to the faid governor, deputy or ajjijlants, or to fome of them; and you Jhall not colour of free any goods belonging to any one not free of the faid company.

So help you God* III.

III.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and fifty four, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every person and persons, being free of the faid company as aforefaid, feparatcly or jointly to export, or caufetpbe exported, from any port or place in Great Britain, to any port or place within the limits of the faid letters patents, in any Briftjb or plantation built (hips (navigated according to law)

E 2	'	at

Perfons admitted may export goods to any port within the limits of the patent, paying the charges of the company.

51	Anho vicefirao fexto Geo'rgii II. c. 18. *	[1753,

at any time, and to any person or persons whomfoever, being freemen of the fbid company, or Ions or apprentices of freemen, (fuch freemen, fons or apprentices, being his MajeityV chriftian fubje&s) fo long as fuch person or persons (hatt remain under, and fubmit to, the prote&ion and diredlion of the Br/-tijb ambaflador and confuls refpedlively for the time being, any goods, wares or merchandizes whatfoever, not prohibited by law to be exported; and alfo to import, in like manner,, iron* any port or place within the limits of the faid letters patent, raw filk, of any other goods, wares or commodities, purchased within the (aid limits, (not prohibited by law to be imported) upon paying or fecuring the cuftoms, and other duties payable for the lame, to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, by vhthe of any law now in force, or hereafter to be made; and upon paying fuch impofitions or Turns of money as shall be aflefled arid charged upon all goods, wares or merchandizes, to be exported or imported as aforefaid, or upon any (hips laden with the Tame, for defraying the neceflary expcnces of the faid company ; any thing in the faid letters patent, or either of them, or any ordinance, conftitution or by-law of the faid company, made or to be made, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding. Exportation IV. Provided always. That the exportation of gold or filv^r, of gold and either in foreign coin or bullion, shall remain fubjedt to the by-1 laws of the faid company made or to be made in that behalf. o° the compa- V. And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid. That ny.	it shall and may be lawful for the faid governor, or deputy tfo-

By-lawt (ball vernor and company, in general court aflembled, to make web be confirmed rules, ordinances or by laws, for the good government of the atafubCequent faid company, as the major part of the members present at ,foch general court, gencrai court shall think neceflary ; but no fuch rule, ordinance or by-law, shall be valid, or of any force or effedt whatfoevef, unlefs the fame be confirmed at a fubfeguent general court, to be held at leaft one calendar month after the general courr at and if 7 free- which fuch rule, ordinance or by-law was made,; and If any men Audi feven or more of the freemen or the faid company shall tfihtk think them- themfelves aggrieved by any rule, ordinance or by-law, made cd,V meygmay or t0 be ma^e» i* shall be lawful for them to present an appeal appeal to the in writing againft the fame to the commiflioners for trade and commiflioners plantations, who are hereby impowered andrequired, with all coti-for trade, &c. venient fpeed, to hear fuch appeal, and to approve or difepptove fuch rule, ordinance or by-law, and in fuch manner as ta or the major part of them prefent, shall appear fit and reafpiwW^ but fuch law VI. Provided always. That fuch rule, ordinance or by-y^ to be in force shall be and continue in force till fuch appeal be fo heard, and till the appeal fucb ruic> ordinance or by-law, be difapproved as aforefaid; etermine . ^ut jn cafc fucjj by-law, rule or ordinance, shall be difapproved on the hearing of fuch appeal as aforefaid, then fuch qile, or-'	dinance or by-law, (hall, from and after fuch difapproya] oi^ly,

... be deemed null and void to all intents and purpofqs whatfoever.

methneoiaProvided also, That in cafe any fiicn appeal (half te le^imeo p-brought againft any future rule, ordinance or by-law, to ]ie

made

*7530 Anno vicesimo fexto Georgii II. c. 19•	55

made by the faid governor and company, fuch appeal shall be brought within twelve calendar months after Inch rule, ordinance or by-law, shall be fo made and confirmed as aforefaid ; anq^ iny.fuch appeal shall be brought againft: any rule, ordinance jQI\by-law of the faid company now in force, fuch appeal dull be brought vyithin twelve calendar months after the faid t^entjriouith day of June one thousand fipven hundred and fifty four*/

Provided aifo. That the persons appealing againft any^oticcofa fu<^ rule*ordinance or by-law, shall at the fame time give no- ^	5/^

tiec ^W^ning of fuch appeal, to the governor, deputy governor, given, or jecretary of the faid company for the time being.

IX. Provided nevertheless, That no fuch rule, ordinance orgy iaws to be hy-law* shall be of any greater or other force or validity than of no greater the fame would or ought to have been, if no fuch appeal had force than if t£en given by this aft.	h«nP^LJ!t

Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled, That Notice of a vs^enfoeYer any general court of the faid company shall be ap- general court pointed to be held for the making of any rule, ordinance or by- for making law, publick notice thereof shall be given in the London Gazette by-laws to be at leaft twenty days before the time appointed for the holding of ^Gazette fupb jeueral court.	1 azc c‘

&IY Provided always, and it is hereby enabled. That all Pules for pre-rules, orders and regulations madp for preventing infetfion, venting infec-ft^allbe, and remain in full force and virtue as if this a<5t had **in n^yer pafled.	.	rc •

t XfiC, And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,‘ Goods liable Tiat, no, goods. or merchandizes liable to retain the infeftion of	thc

and coming from the Levant without a clean bill °^c^^!°n9uhf

hp^hv iball be landed in any part of Great Britain or Ireland, oata <^eanbiil 01; ,pf	of Guernsey, Jtrfcy, Alderney, Sark or Jlfan, unlefs of health not to

it fhiJ appear to the fatisfa<Sion of his Maiefty, his heirs or be landed, &c.

_ ' '	;	•	a.	mm	>	a.	a	*	a	a	■	■	.	■Inla/'a	»lia

lprs> or of or their privy council, that the faid goods J^^ave ^pi^c^iudizes have been fufnciently opened aud aired it) the ^cTn aired in IfKfjKtao(IMaltayjfnma^ Vwke, Meffina, Legbcrny Qenoa and Tome foreigu or O^e pf theip. /	Uzarets.



CAP. XIX.

Mf&tnfarcing the taws againft persons who shall ft cal j wMudn jhipwtecke4 goods; and for the relief of persons rft^ering bffts tkenebj.

yjtT$ER E A S notlvithftanding the good and falut ary laws now T V ' in being againft plundering and deftroying vejfels in diftrefs, and agdiyUf talihg awayJhipwrecked, loft orfiranded goods, many wicked tn-amuifi have been committed, to the difgrace of the nation, and to the grVevlusddmage ofmirchdntsand mariners of our oiun and other coun-trfes I fdt ferrtedythercof, be it enabled by the King's moft excel-lent %^1e^y/by and with the advice and conferit of the lords fpU and Commons in this present parliament aflern-authority of the fame, That if any person or per-





54

Anno vicesimo fexto Georgii II. c. 19.	[1753.

perfons con- fens shall plunder, (leal, take away or destroy any goods or mer-vitf ed of plan- chandize, or other effects, from or belonging to any (hip or veflel wrecked P" ^is Majesty’s fubjedts, or others, which (halLbe in djftrefs, or good*, See, which shall be wrecked, loft, ftranded or caft on (hore in any part of his Majesty’s dominions, (whether any Jiving creature be on board fuch veflel or not) or any of the furniture, tackle, or of obftruc- apparel, provifion, or part of fuch (hip or vefTel; or shall beat ting the efcape or wound with intent to kill or deftroy, or shall otherwife wil-from^^mk °bftnidl the efcape of any person endeavouring to fave his or of putting* or her hfe from fuch ftftp or veflel, or the wreck thereof"; or if out falfe any person or persons shall put out any falfe light or lights with lights, to fuf- intention to bring any (hip or veflel into danger; then fuch per-

without^cier- ^on or Per^ons offending shall be deemed guilty of felony, om ce - being lawfully convicted thereof, shall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Where goods II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore-of fmall value faid. That when goods or effects of fmall value shall be ftranded, ^hhout an6” or ca^ 011 ^orc» anc* he ft°len without circumftances circumftances cruelty, outrage or violence ; then and in fuch cafes it shall of cruelty, be lawful for any person or persons to profecute for fuch offence the offender by way of indictment for petit larceny; and the offenders being may be mdidt- thereof lawfully convicted, shall fuffer fuch puniftunent as the larceny.Ctl ^aws *n ca^es °* Pet^ larceny do enjoin or require.

.	'	III.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid,

information ofThat it shall be lawful for any one or more of his Majesty’s ihipwrecked juftices of the peace, upon information made before him or them goods being upon oath (which oath all juftices arfe hereby impowered to ad-eakd°toiflbe m^ni^er) °‘ any Part the cargo or effects whatfoever belong-fearchVar-116 mgt0 anY ft^P or vcffd loft or ftranded upon or near the coafts aforefaid, being unlawfully carried or conveyed away, or concealed inanyhoufe, out-houfe, barn or other place, or of fome reafonable caufe of fufpicion thereof, to iflue his or their warrant or warrants for the fearching of fuch houfe, out-houfe, barn or other place, as in other cafes of ftolen goods: and if the fame shall be found in (uch houfe, out-houfe, barn, or other place or places, or upon or in the cuftody or pofleflion of aqy person or persons not legally authorized or intitled to keep and and the per- withhold the fame ; and the owner or occupier of fuch houfe, fons in whofe out-houfe, barn or other place, or the person or persons upon euftody the whom, or in whofe cuftody or pofleflion the fame shall be found, found not ihall not immediately,upon demand, deliver the fame to the lawgiving* a fatif- ful owner or owners thereof, or to fuch other person or persons as factory ac- shall be lawfully authorized to demand the fame $ or shall not count,	g;Ve a good account, to the fatisfaCtion of the faid justice or

juftices, how he, (he or they came by, or became poiTefled to be commit- thereof; it shall and may be lawful to and fpr fuch justice or ted for fix juftices, upon proof of fuch refufal, and he and they is and are months, or hereby required to commit the faid offender or offenders to the until payment common gaoj for the fpace of fix months, or until he, (he or Juc.Ie C V3' they shall have paid to fuch lawful owner or owners, or to the person of persons lawfully authorized to receive the fame, treble

the



55

1753*1 Anno vicesimo fexto Georgii II. c. 19.

*h£ value of the goods or things fo by him her or them unlawfully detained.

iV. And be it further enaded by theauthority aforefaid. That Goods offered if any person or persons shall offer or Cxpofe to fale any goods to fale, fufpec-bt efredswhatfoeVer belonging to any (hip or veflel loft, (band- tcd bf e&or caff on fhore as afortfaid, and unlawfully taken away, or cd,tobe ifeafemably fufpeded fo to have been; then and in every fuch p * c^fe It shall be lawful for the person or persons to whom the fahie shall be To offered for fale, or any officer of the cuftomsor exrife, or any conftable, headborough or tythingman, or other peace officer, to Hop, take and feize the faid goods and effeds; notice to and that he or they (hall, with all convenient fpeed, carry the :to * lame, or give notice of fuch feizure to fomeone or more of his *	1

Majefty*s luftice or juftices of the peace; and if the person or and the person persons who shall have offered the faid goods or effeds to fale, offefng the or fome other person or persons on his, her or their behalf, fame notmak-lhall not appear before the faid justice within ten days next after fach feizure, and make out, to the fatisfadion of the faid juftice,p 1*™* the property of the faid goods or effeds to be in him, her or them, or in the person or persons by whom he, fhe or they, was or were employed to fell the fame; then the faid goods or the goods to effeds fhall, by oraer of the laid juftice, be forthwith delivered he rerurned to over to or for the ufe of the rightful owner or owners thereof,thc owncr> upon payment of a reafonable reward for fuch feizure (to be afeertained by the faid juftice) to the person who feized the fame; and fuch justice shall and may commit the person or ancj 0f. persons who shall fo have offered or expofed the faid goods or fender to be things to fale as aforefaid to the common gaol for the fpace of committed for fix months, or until he, fhe or they, shall have paid to fuch A* n^nths» ^ lawful owner or owners, or to the person or persons lawfully oftrcWevaJue. authorized to receive the fame, treble the value of the faid goods or effeds fo by him, her or them unlawfully offered to file as aforefaid.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That Perfons who in tafe any person or persons not employed by the matter, ma- fcve, and riners or owners, or other persons lawfully authorized, in the falvage of any fhip or veflel, or the cargo or provifion thereof, jnt£ fhaH, in the abfence of persons fo employed or authorized, fave for the benefit any fuch (hip, veflel, goods or effeds, and caufe the fame to be of the owners* carried, for the benefit of the owners or proprietors, into port, or to any near adjoining cuftom-houfe or other place of fafe	1

cuftody, immediately giving notice thereof to fome justice of the peace, qiagiftrate, or cuftom-houfe or excife officer, or shall discover to any fuch magiftrate or officer where any fuch goods or or who shall effeds are wrongfully bought, fold or concealed, then luch per- d,^e foch fon or persons shall be intitlcd to a reafonable reward for fochg^* are con* fervices, to be paid by the matters or owners of fuch veffels or cealed,»ntitled goods, and to be adjufted in cafe of difagreement about the to the rewards quantum, in like manner as the falvage is to be adjufted and paid by virtue of the ftatute made in the twelfth year of the reign of difogree ment her late majefty Queen Anne, intitled, An ail for the preferring is to he ad-

£ 4.	all	adjufted ac-

56	"Anno	vicefimo	fexto Georgii II. c. ig. [1753*

cording to i* all fucb /hips and. goodstbintof ivhichbaw happttoedtobt for ado Aim.lt.i. c.i 8, jhors^ erfr ended.upon thtcobjU of this kingdom^ or any other $f be* Maitftfs dominions,o* elfe hithemanrar hereinafter prefcnbtd* asthe cafe (hallrequire. ^	’■«.	,	U.

Where any iVf. And be * it fu?tber. ensured by tbe« authority afbrefeid* That fbr the better afcertaining the falvage tt> be paid in jiiww ed^ publick fuanceof this prefem ad*and the ad before-mentioned) and fat notice to be themore effedual puttrag the fl^e ads in execution, tlve jbftioc given for a of the peace, mayor) bailiff, colledor of the cuftoms, orcfaasf meeting of the conftabie, who shall be neareft to the place where any (hip; and magi-X€C8 g°°^s or effeds shall be ftrandcd or caft	away* (hail forthwith

ft rates, &c.	give publick notice for a meeting to be held as foon asp&ffihlp

of the rtleriff or his deputy, the juftices of the peace, mayors* who are to aid or other chief magiftrates of towns corporate, coroners * and in favingthe commissioners of the land-tax, or any five or more of them, veflel and	who are hereby required and impowered	to give aid in the tx&-

goetU, See.	cution 0f this and the faid former ad,	and to employ proper

perfons for the faving of (hips in dtftrefs, and fuch (hips, veflel* and to adjnft and effeds, as shall be ftrandcd or caft away; and alfo lo ck* the falvage; amine persons upon oath touching or concerning the fome,or the falvage thereof, and to adjuft the quantum of fuch fafrogo, and diftribute the fame among the persons concerned in fwcti falvage, in cafe of difagreement among the parties, or the faid 4*. a day al- ptrfons; and that every inch (heriff, justice or the peace, mayor, lowed foi their chief magiftrate, coroner, lord of a manor, under-foeriff, or attendance, commiffioner of the land-tax, attending and ading at fuch meeting, shall be paid four (hillings a day for his expences iijfuch ' attendance out of the goods and effeds faved by their care or diredlion.	*	•	•	-

If the falvage VII. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the au-be not paid, thority aforefaid, That if the charges and rewards for falvage, t[je offi^r of direded to be paid by the faid ad of the twelfth year of the mayCraifetbe re*Sn °f her faid late majefty Queen Annc^ and by this prefetk fame by a bill shall not be fully paid, or fufficient fecurity given tor the of fate of the fame within forty days next after the faid fervices performed, veflel or car- then and in fuch cafe it shall be lawful fbr the officer of the^at* flams concerned in fuch falvage, to borrow or raise fo mbch which may be money as shall be fufficient to fatisfy and pay fuch charge? and redeemed, up- rewards, or any part thereof then remaining unpaid, or not fe-princm^and cure<^as af°re^*d, by or upon one or more bill or bills of fele, mtereft, under his hand and ieal, of the (hip or veflel, or cargo faved, or fuch part thereof as shall be fufficient, redeemable nevertheldfs upon payment of the principal fum fo borrowed, arid intbreft for the fame after the rate of four pounds per antum ptor amt&b. Where oath 'VIII. And be it further traded by the authority aforeftrid, shall be made That if oath shall be made before any magiflrate, lawfully im~ of plunder crpoWered to take the fame, of any fuch plunder or thefty and their,	the examination in writing thereupon taken shall be delivered

to the clerk of the peace of the county, riding or divifion wliere-©r of breaking in fuch fad shall be committed, or to his deputy ;.or if cafh a ihip, con- shall be made before any fuch magiflrate of the breaking any tearytoi*	lhig,



*75$*] Anno vkefimo fexto.GECRGii II. c.19.	.	57

(hip, contrary to the aforefaid aft made in the twelfth year of Ann. ft. *.

the reign of her (aid late majefty Queen Anne* and the exami* c* *8-.and the

rlatiOaittiWEitingthcreupon taken (hah be delivered to fuch clerk SalT^ddU

of the peace, or his deputy; then fuch olerk of the peace shall vered to the

caltfette offender or offenders in any of the laid cafes to be forth* clerk of the

with profeeuted for the fame, either in the county where the p!*£c’!,c l\*°

faft. (ha 11 be Committed, or in any county next adjoining ; in offenderV *

which adjoining county any indiftment may be laid by any

other ; pnrfecufor; and if the faft be committed in Wales*

theft the profecution (ball or may be carried on in the next and the char*

adjoining Englijb county; and the neccflary charges of fuchgc#tobc Paid

prbfecutions by the clerk of the peace shall be paid by the furerofthe

treafurer of the county, riding or divifion where the faft shall be county.

committed, to fuch amount as the juftices of the peace in their

genettalor quarter feffions shall order and afeertain the feme;

and if inch clerk of the peace shall negleft or refufe to carry on

fuphi profecution in due manner, he shall forfeit one hundred

pounds for every fuch offence, to any person or persons who

(hall fue for the fame by aftion of debt, bill, plaint or informa- le&ingto pro-

tion, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weftminjler; in fecute.for-

wrhich aftion no cfloin, proteftion, wager of law, or more than frits tool.

One imparlance shall be allowed.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That the commiflioners of the land tax, the deputy (heriff, the

coroner, and the officers of excife in each county, riding and officers for

divifion, shall be proper officers for putting in execution this putting this

prefent aft, andthe feid aft made in the twelfth year of the reign a«d ** Ann.

of her late majefty Queet) Anne, together with thofe therein ref- ** Cm !?• r%‘	*	j	v	a	r	°	in execution,

peftivelv named for that purpofe.

.. X. And whereas by an aft made in the third year of the reigk of hii late majefty King George the Firft* intituled* An act for the better regulating of pilots for the condufting of (hips and vef- jGeo.*.c.i|i fels/rpm Dover* Deal* and the ifle of Thanet* up the rivers of Thames and Medway* it is enafted* That the lord warden of the

of the cinque forts* two ancteni towns and their members,* adjufl and determine* within the Jpace of twelve hours, differences wkttb jhall or may arife within the turifdiftron of the cinque ports relating tb the fahage of anchors ana cables from which veffek /ball or shay be forced by extremity of weather: now it is hereby enafted That the lord warden of the cinque ports for the time being, and the lieutenant of Dover Caftle for the time being,' and the deputy warden of the cinque ports for the time being; and the Officers for judge official and commiflary of the court of admiiaJty of cinque ports, two ancient towns, and the members thereof, for in execution the time being* and all and every of them, and all and every within the li. other person and persons appointed or to be appointed by the berty of the lord warden of the cihque ports for the time being, purfuant to c>nquc the faid aft made in the third year of his late Majefty's reign, c*

(hall be the persons to put in execution, within the liberty and

jurif-

58	'Anno	vicesimo fexto Georgii II. c. 19.	[1755.

jurifdidtion of the cinque ports, two ancient towns and their members, all the powers and authorities given and granted in and by this adt, and in and by the before mentioned adt of parliament made in the twelfth year of her faid late majefty Queen Anne\ and alfo in and by the faid adt made in the fourth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft ; and alfo shall and may execute, perform and do, within the jurifdidtions aforefaid, all the adts, matters and things contained in this and the before-mentioned ftatutes, in like and as full and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes, as any justice or juftices of peace, or any other person or persons, are by this and the faid adts appointed or authorized to do in any other part of the kingdom.

Perfon* convicted of af-faulting any magiftrate or officer. &c. in the falvage of any vefTelor goods, to be tranfported for 7 year*.

Juftice in the abfence of the (heriff may take a fuffici-ent force to reprefs violence, &c.

Perfon* empowered to give orders, where any shall be alfem-bled in cafe of a (hipwreck, Uc.

XI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That if any (heriff or his deputy, justice of the peace, mayor, or other magiftrate, coroner, lord of a manor, commiffioner of the land tax, chief constable or petty conftable, or other peace officer, or any cuftom-houfe or excife officer, or other person lawfully authorized, shall be affaulted, beaten and wounded, for or on account of the exercife of his or their duty, in or concerning the falvage or prefervation of any fhjp or veffel in diftrefs, or of any (hip or veffel, goods or effedts, ftranded, wrecked, or caft on fhore, or lying under water, in any of his Majesty’s dominions, then any person or persons fo affaulting, beating and wounding, shall upon trial and convidtion, by indidlment at the affizes, or general gaol delivery, or at the general or quarter feffions for the couitfy, riding or divifion, where fuch offence shall be committed, be tranfported for feven years to fome of his Majesty’s colonies in America, and shall be fubjedt to fuch fubfequent punifhment, in cafe of return before that time, as Other persons under fentence of tranfportation are by the law fubjedted unto.

XII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That it shall be lawful for any one or more of his Majesty’s juftices of the peace, in cafe of need, and in the abfence of the high (heriff, to take fufficient power of the county, to reprefs all unjuft violence, and duly to enforce the execution of this adt.

XIII.	And to prevent confufion among persons affembled to fave any (hip, veffel, goods or effedts, as aforefaid, either for want ot proper orders, or by contradidtory orders; be it further enadted, That all persons fo affembled shall conform in the firft place to the orders of the matter or other officers or owners, or other persons employed by them ; and for want of their pretence or directions, then in the next place to the orders of the persons authorized by this adt, or the aforefaid adt of Queen Anney in the like manner, in the following fubordinatioa as any of the faid persons shall happen to be prefent'; that is to fay, in the firft place, to the orders of any officer or officers of the customs ; then of any officer or officers of the excife 5 then of the (heriff or his deputy; then of any justice or juftices of the peace; then of the mayor or chief magiftrate of any corporation;

 i^ooQie

1753OI Anno vicesimo fexto Georgii II. c. 19.	^

ration ; then of the coroner •, then of any commiflioners of

the land tax; then of any chief constable $ then of any petty

conftable or other peace officers ; and any person whatsoever

acting knowingly and wilfully contrary to fuch orders, shall for-

feit any futn not exceeding five pounds, to be levied by warrant ^trary to^

of one jufticeof the peace; and in cafe of non-payment the of- ordeMforfeit

fender ihall be committed to the houfe of correction for any 5I.

time not exceeding three months.

XIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded, That neither this ad, nor any thing herein contained, shall anyway extend to deprive or prejudice his royal Majesty, his heirs or hts 0fthc fucceflors, or any claiming under them, or any patentee or gran- crown, &c. tee of the crown, or any lord or lords of any manor or manors, referved. or other perlbn whomfoever, of or in relation to any right which they or any of them have or may have or lawfully claim to any wreck or wrecks, or any goods which are or shall be flot~ famy jetfam or lagan, but that fuch refpedive rights shall be enjoyed in as full, ample and beneficial a manner, in every ref-ped, as if this ad had never been made.

XV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That the officer of the customs who shall ad in the preferving

of any (hip or veflel in diftrefs, or the cargo thereof, (hall, as Examination foon as conveniently may be, caufe or procure all persons be- 0A oath to be longing to the faid /hip or veflel, and others who can give any taken of the account thereof, or or the cargo thereof, to be examined upon ^P # na*™c» oath before fome iuftice of the peace, as to the name or defcrip- owiwri^&c. tiori of the laid (nip or veflel, and the names of the matter, * commander, or chief officer and owners thereof, and of the Owners of the faid cargo, and of the ports or places from or to which the faid (hip or veflel was bound, and the occafion of the faid (hip’s diftrefs, which examination the faid juftices are hereby required to take down in writing, and they shall deliver a true copy thereof, together with a copy of the faid account of the and a copy to goods, to the faid officer of the cuftoms, who shall forthwith betranfmitted tranfmit the fame to the fecretary of the admiralty for the time to the fecreta-being, who shall publilh or caufe to be publilhed in the next *7, °*.thc ad* London Gazette, fo much thereof as shall or may be neceflary SJbhSed^ for the information of the persons interefted or concerned therein, the Gazette.

XVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

Thatthe before-mentioned ad of parliament made in the twelfth

yearof her faid late majefty Queen Anne; and alfo an ad made The a&i 1* \n the fourth year of the reign of his late majefty King George A"11*	*•c*

the Firft, for inforcing and making perpetual the before-men-	Jla#

tioned ad, and for infliding the punilhment of death, on fuch to be in force as shall wilfully burn or destroy (hips, shall in all things remain where not sain full force, lave only fo far as the fame are altered or changed t^Ted bytbii by this present ad.

XVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That this ad shall take place from the twenty ninth day of September in the year of our Lord one thousand (even hundred and Commence. fifty three.	mentofthi*

'	XVIII, Pro-





15 Geo. c. 29.

60	Anna	vicefimo	fexto GeoRGII II, G. 2p# f *753.

XVIII.	Provided That nothing in this ad contained, shall extend or be conftrued to extend to that part of Great Britain Mot to extend called Scotland. to Scotland.

CAP. XX.

Anaft for encouraging and improving the ntanufaftotj of linen in the highlands of Scotland. V

WHEREAS by an aft made in the fifteenth andfixteentb year* of the reign of his present Maiefiy^ intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty on foreign cambrieks; and for allowing thereout a bounty upon a certain? fpecies of Britijh and Irijh linens exported it was, amongft other things^ enabled ^ That out of the additional duty by the faid aft impdfedon foreign cambriehy there Jbould be given and paid in manner.> and upon the conditions therein mentioned, a bounty of one penny for every yard j^Britifti and Irifh linens made of hemp or flax of the value of fix pence per yardy and not exceeding the value of twelve pence peryard; and of one halfpenny for every yard of fuch Britifh and Irifh linens under the value of fix pence per yard which from and after the twenty fifth day of March, me thousand feven hundred and forty threey and within the term offeven yearly to commence from the faid twenty fifth day of March, or at any time thereafter, before the end tf the then next Jeffion of parliament, Jbould be exported out ofGxvkt Britain to Africa, America, or Portugal, or which Jbould be exported to Spain, from and after the time that it Jbould be lawful to export fuch linen to that kingdom : and whereas by an aft made in tje

lineps,

Britijh or Irifh linens, the payment of the faid bounty is fubjeft to certain regulations in the faid aft exprejjed * and whereas by another aft made in the eighteenth year of thereigji.pfi his present Majejlyy intitufedy An adt forallowing certain additional bounties on the exportation of Britijh and Irifh linefts,additional bounties were granted thereon, and the payment thereof and of the former bounties, was made fubjeft to certain other regulations tn the faid aft expreffed: and whereas by an aft made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majejly, intituled, An adt for grantr ing to his Majesty a certain fum of money out of the finking fund, for thelervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and forty feven; and alio for enabling his Majesty to raise a further fumof money for the ufes and purposes therein mentioned; and for the further appropriating the fupplies granted in ibis feflfopf of parliament ; and forapplying a certainlum of money forde-fraying the charge of the allowances to fever&l officers andgen-tlemen of the two troops of horfe guards, and three regjipsrtfft: ofhorfc, lately reduced, for the year one thousand fev3n‘hup~ dred and forty feven 5 and for continuing the bounties op th^cx^ portation of Britijh and Irijhcoarfe linens; it was, aumgft'othfr things inaftedy That the bounties on the exportation of Britiftv 4*/ Irifh coarfe linens Jbould continue to be paid under the regulations of \ the afti of the fifteenth, JixUenthy and eighteenth years of bis Ma?

F	6	jefiys

18 Geo. i. t. 24.

18 Geo. 2.

C. 2J.

20 Geo. 2. c. 36.



6i

1753.] Anno v!cefimo lexto G^6R<JH IL c. 20-

jrfty's r/tgn; and that the fame Jbould be paid out offuch parts/ the old Jubfidy as is applicable to the payment of incidents: and whereas by an aft made in the twenty second year of the reign of his prefent** Gco* *' Majejly* intituled, An a<5t for granting to his Majesty the fum c* of one opllion oqt of the finking fund, for the ferviceof the year onethoufand feven hundred and forty nine; and for enabling his Majesty to raise a further fum of one million for the ufes and purposes therein mentioned ; and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this session of parliament; and for applying a certain fum for defraying certain charges and allowances to the officers and private gentlemen of the reduced troops of horfe guards ; and for continuing the bounties on the exportation of Britijh and Irt/h linens; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, receipts, annuity orders or other orders* loft, burnt, or otberwife dellroyed; it was, amongfi other things, enacted, That the bounties on the exportation of Britilh and Irifh coarfe linens Jbould continue to be paid in like manner and under the like regulations, as direfted by the afts of the fifteenth and JixteeHtb, and of the eighteenth years of his Majejly s reign, from and after the twenty fifth day of March one tboufand feven hundred and, fifty, for and during thefurther.term of three y ear s, and from thence to the end of the then next fejfion of parliament; and that the fame,

Jbould be paid out of Jiub part of the old fubfidy as is applicable to the payment of incidents: and whereas the manufacture of coarfe linens* hath been increajedand improved in Great Britain and Ireland, it may reafonabfy be prefumed that the manufacture of fuch linens may be carried on in places where the fame hath been ejlablijhed\ and elfcwhere, without the further continuance of any fuch bounty on the exportation thereof c and whereas under the directions of the commif-fioners end trufieos for improving fijheries and manufactures in Scotland, feme progrefs hath been made in the manu factures of linens in the highlands of Scotland; for the better ciinlizing and improving whereof feveralprevifions have been made in this present parliament manifejlly conducive to the publick tranquility and welfare : and whereas the encouragement of the manufacture of coarfe linens in thofe parts of the faid highlands, wherein the manufacture of linens hath either not beta already ejlablijhed, or hath not already been advanced to any confidcrable degree of perfection, will be a further means of improving and civilizing the faid highlands 5 and the fuccefs of any prerutfun for thatpurpofe, will tend to the general good of the whole united kingdom, andcifoof Ireland ; be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliarrteht aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the expiration of the term for which the boun-ties on the exportation of Britijh and Irijh coarfe linens by the faid herein before-recited ads are granted, continued and made bounties on payable, the sum of three thousand pounds be paid yearly and exportation every year for the fpace of nine years, to the cafhier of the (aid of Britifh and commlflioners and truftees for improving filheries and manufac-turel in Scotland, to be charged and chargeable upon, and pay- nwdVuln of

able

62	Anno	vicefimo	fexto	GeoRGH	II.	C.20.	[1753.;

3000I. to be able out of any the cuftoms, duties, excifes, or other revenues ^ears^u^of6 *n Scotlandy introduced by virtue of the treaty of union, or to the^uties^n which the fubjefts of Scotland are or shall be liable; and to be Scotland, for applied by the faid commiflioners and truftees for encouraging encouraging, and improving the manufacture of linens in the highlands of foaures^nu Scotland only, and only in thofe parts thereof, wherein the ma-nens iiftbe nufafture of linens hath either not been already introduced, or highlands. if the fame hath been introduced, have not yet arrived to any confiderable degree of perfection.

Towhatufes II. Provided always. That no part of the faid annual fum the faid fum of three thousand pounds shall be applied by the faid commifli-** to heap- oners and truftees, for any other ufe or purpofe whatfoever, plied.	than for inftrU(^ing and exciting the inhabitants of that part of

Scotland, to raife, prepare and fpin, flax and hemp to be ufed in the manufacture of coarfe linen, and to weave yarn there fpun into fuch linen, and for providing the faid inhabitants with fit materials and utenfils for thofe purpofes, and for diftributing rewards and prizes to the growers, preparers and fpinners of fuch flax and hemp, and to the weavers and other manufacturers of fuch linen, in refpeCt to the quantity or excellence of the flax or hemp fo raifed and prepared, and of the yarn fo fpun, wove, or otherwife manufactured ; and for fuch other like ufes, as by the faid commiflioners and truftees shall be thought proper for promoting the true intent of this aCt.

No part to be III. Provided alfo. That no part of the faid annual fum of applied in en- three thousand pounds shall be applied by the faid commiflion-couraging the	and truftees for encouraging or improving within the limits

^ t*lc highlands, manufacture of fail cloth, or of any fuch linens as under the denomination of fail cloth are or may be intitled by law to any bounty on the exportation thereof.

How the faid IV. And be-it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That the fum is to be faid annual fum of three thousand pounds shall be paid for the iflued. purposes of this aCt, at fuch times, and by filch warrants and orders, and in fuch manner, as the annual fum of two thou-

13GC0.1.C.30

Commiflioners yearly to make up accounts of the monies, and report their proceedings.

fand pounds, and the furpluffage of the duty on malt made in Scotland, are by an aft made in the thirteenth year of the reign # of his late majefty King George the Firft, (intituled. An act for encouraging and promoting fijheries and other manufactures and /ar-provementSy in that part of Great Britain called Scotland) or by fetters patent under the great feal, appointed by the treaty of union to be kept in Scotland, in place of the great feal thereof, direfted to be paid.

V. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid commiflioners and truftees shall yearly and every Year, at the feaft of the nativity of our Lord Chrift, make up a faithful and exaft account of the monies received and iflued by their orders, together with a faithful and true report of their proceedings in the execution of the truft hereby repofed in them, and shall within the fpace of thirty days lay'the faid account and report before his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, and shall alfo, within the like fpace of thirty days, lay true; copies of the faid

account

 

I753*l Anno vicesimo fexto Georgii II. c. 21.	6$

account and report before the annual committee of the convention of the royal boroughs of Scotland, that they may perufeand examine the fame, and lay before his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, from time to time, fuch obfervations as they shall make thereon.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That At Chriftmas the laid commiflioners and truftees (hall, at the feaft of the na-

tivity of our Lord Chrift in the year one thousand feven hun-	for

dred and fifty three, propofe and lay before his Majesty, his the applicati-heirs and fucceflors, a plan or method for the application and on of the faid diftribution of the faid fum of three thousand pounds hereby granted, according to the true intent and meaning of this a&; # ,elty * which plan or method being approved, altered or varied by his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, by writing under his or their fign manual, shall be in force and put into^execution, until the fame shall be altered or varied in like manner and by like authority.

VII.	Provided, That it shall and may be lawful to and for and many the faid commiflioners and truftees, in any other year, during other year the continuance of this a<5t, at the faid feaft to propofe and lay they *"ay 1*7 before his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, any other plan or fo/ SJefiis*11 method for the like purpofe; which plan or method being in pUrpofe, like manner approved, altered or varied by his Majesty, his heirs

or fucceflors, shall be in force and put into execution, until the fame shall be in like manner altered or varied by like authority.

CAP. XXI.

An act for encouraging the filk manufactures of this kingdom and for fecuring the duties payable upon the importation of velvets, wrought ft Iks, and filks mixed with other materials, not manufactured in Great Britain.

WHEREAS thepdyment of the duties charged and made payable by divers aCfs of parliament, upon the importation of velvets, wrought ftlh, Ond filks mixed with other materials not manufactured in Great Britain, is frequently evaded by the fubtil and fraudulent practices of evil-difpofed persons, to the great difeouragement of the filk manufactures of this kingdom, and the lofs of his Majrfy s revenue : therefore for preventing fuch frauds and abufes tor the fu-i ture, be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all velvets, wrought filks, and filks Velvets, mixed with any other materials, (fuch velvets, wrought filks, jind filks mixed with any other materials, not being manufac- be fesUkxi be>-tured in Great Britain, and fuch wrought filks or filks mixed fore delivery as aforefaid, not being prohibited to bo worn therein) which from the oof. shall be imported into this kingdom after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and fifty tnree, (hall, after the fame have been entered at the cuftom-houfe, and be- ^ fore they ire ^charged by the officers, and delivered into the

cuftody



64

Anno vicesimo fcxto GeorGII II. C.21.	Cx753^

cuftody of the importer or his agent, be marked or feaJed at each end of every piece with fuch mark of feal, and by fueh officer or officers, as the refpe&ive commissioners xff the customs in Great Britain shall diredt and appoint for that purpofc. Exporter of H* And be it further enabled by the authority aforefiutl, That the mid goods from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September every per-to give notice fon intending to export any fuch velvets, wrought filks or lilks th* ^ m>xcd with any other materials, as herein before are mentioned tomsf when an<* defcribed, which shall have been imported into thisking-the fame will dom after the faid twenty ninth day of September, (ball, before be packed up; fuch goods are (hipped in order to be exported, give notice to the proper officer or officers to be appointed for that purpofe by the refpedlive commissioners of the customs in Great Britain, when and where he will pack up the faid goods in order to be exported, and the faid commissioners of the customs are hereby and the fcals impowfcred and required to caufe fuch officer or officers to take are to be then care that fuch feals, (lamps or marks be taken off from every taken off. piece fQ intended to be exported, without fee or reward ; and no person shall be intitled to the drawback allowed upon the exportation of fuch velvets, wrought filks or filks mixed as aforefaid, unlefs he shall have given fuch notice as herein before is directed, and until fuch feals, (lamps or marks shall be taken off by the proper officer or officers as aforefaid.

Velvets and III. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That wrought filks, from and after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand tithouMh® feven hundred and fifty four, in cafe any velvets, wrought filks ™ ou e or filks mixed with any other materials (fuch velvets, wrought filks or filks mixed with any other materials, not being manufactured in Great Britain, and fuch wrought filk or filks mixed as aforefaid, not being prohibited to be worn therein) shall be found in any (hop, warehoufe or other place whatlbever upon land within this kingdom, not being marked or fealed as herein before diredled upon both ends of every whole and intire piece, or upon one end of every remnant of fuch velvet, wrought filk or filk mixed as aforefaid, the fame shall be forfeited, and Audi and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms, and and be fold, fecured in feme or one of his Majesty’s warehoufes; and fuch One moiety to officer or officers is and are hereby indemnified for fo doing;

and a|i fuch velvets, wrought filks or filks mixed as aforeiaid, fo feized and fecured, shall after condemnation thereof in due courfe of law, be publickly fold to the bed bidder, and one moiety of the produce arifing by the fale of fuch velvets, wrought filks or filks mixed as aforefaid, shall be to the ufe of his Ma-jeity, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to the of-h’V*1*?1nficer or officers who shall feize and fecure the fame as aforefaid; ip w oecu -	^	pcrfon	jn whofe cqftody or poffeflion the goods fo feiz-

ed and fecured shall be found, shall alfo for every fiich offence forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, to be recovered and divided in manner herein after directed.

IV. And be it further enadlcd by the authority aforefaid. That no velvets, wrought filks or filks mixed with any other materials

without the feals may be feized;

the crown, and the other tp theicizor;

tody, See. to tortcit aool.

The goods fo "feized not to



1753*1 Annoviccfirhofcxto Georcii II. c. 21.	65

rial^as afbrefind, which after the twenty ninth day of Septemberhe ufcd in this cAiethsafand feven hundred and fifty four, lhall be feizod and kingdom, fdiferad by virtue’of thisadl, or for any other caufe of forfeit tur<y(hafl be eonfdnted or uftd in this kingdom, but (hah be exported again/ atid not Ibid otherwife than on condition to be expoftdd, and shall not be delivered out-of the warehoufe wherein the Ykmt fliall hart? been fecured, Until fiifficient fecurity be giveh that tilt feme artd every part thereof shall be exported, and not landed again in any part of Gnat Britain.

-V. And bfc it farther eriadted by the authority aforefeid, ThatPe^?n.scoa"“ if ctriy person or perftrftf fhfcll at any time forge or counterfeh^j^^111* any ftamp, mark or feal, to refemble.any fiamp, mark or feal which shall be ptbvMfed or ufed in purfiiance of this adf, or (hail forge or counterfeit the impreftion of any fach fiamp, mark or feal upon imy goods required by this alt to be damped, marked or fealed, or (halffelT or expofe to fale any of the faid goods with a counterfeit ftdmp, mark or fcal thereon, knowing the fame to be counterfeited, all and every fuch offender or offenders, their aiders, Abettors and affifiants, shall for each and every fuch offence forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, and (half to forfeit 500I. alfo be adjudged to ftand on the pillory in fome publick place and to be pil-for the fpace of two hours.	ioried.

VI.	And be it further enadted by the authority a fore fe id. Pecuniary pe-That all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures by this adt impofed, naltiei how to shall and may be fued for and recovered in any of his Majefty’a ** covered, courts of record at Weflminjlcr, or in the court of exchequer at EdRntmrgb refpedtively, by adtion, bill, plaint or information, in‘the hame of his Majefty's attorney general, or in the name of hts^Majefty’s advocate in Scotland, or in the name or names of One moiety to fotrie officer or officers of the cuftoms; and that one moiety of the crown, the every fuch penalty and forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his°*j?cr t0 the hetrr^nd-faccefiors, and the other moiety thereof to the officer ^aUpr^ecute. or\5ffieeirs of the customs who shall inform and profecute for tHMfeme.

'^H. Provided always, and it is hereby further enadled, officer neg-*flmy officer or officers of the customs shall negledt or re- le&ing to pro-ftte^*for the fpace 6f one month, to profecute to effedl any per- for on« fdifor 'perfons for any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture by this a(^^herh,erlbn inftjSed upon offenders againft the fame, that then it shall bemay lawful for any person or persons whomfoever to fue few, profe-rih^atid recover the refpedHve pecuniary penalties and torfei-ttJfatby this adt inffidted, in like manner as is herein before directed with regard to the officers of the customs ; and one moi-erf of the faid refpfcdtive forfeitures, when recovered, shall in fuch cafe go artd be applied to the ufe of his Majesty, bis heirs anA fyCcetlors, and the other moiety to the person or persons whftffial! fue or profecute for the fame refpedhvely.

VHL And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, a capias to That^ upon every adtion, bill, plaint or information entered and iflue upon fil-fifea « aforefeid, for any pecuniary penalty impofed by this a!1 aftio.a adfi^HTCapw# iu^he-Arft procefs shall and may iffuc, fpecifying^,atorma^* ^ Vol. XXI.	P	tbc°n*

66	Anno	yicefimd fexto GeoRGII II. c. 22.	[ 175^

Defendant to the sum of the penalty fued forj and the defendant or defensive bail. dants shall be obliged to give fufficient bail or fecurity bv natural-born fubjeds, persons naturalized or denizens, to tne per-fon or persons to whom fuch Capias shall be directed, to appear in the courts out of which, fuch Capias shall iffue at the day of the return of fuch writ, to anfwer fuch fuit or profecution; and shall likewife, at the time of fuch appearance, give fufficient bail or fecurity by fuch persons as aforefaid in the faid court, to anfwer and pay all the forfeitures and penalties incurred for fuch offence or offences, in cafe he, (he or they shall be convicted thereof, or to yield his, her or their body or bodies to prifon.

IX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any adion or fuit shall be commenced againft any person or persons for any thing done in purfuance of this ad, the defen-r	dant or defendants in fuch adion or fuit may plead the general

enera ue.	an<| gjve	a<c^ an(j t^c fpecial matter in evidence, at any

trial to be had thereupon ; and that the fame was done in pur-fuance, and by authority of this ad: and if it shall appear fo to have been done, then the jury shall , find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonfuited, or difcon-tinue his adion, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgment shall be given upon any vcrdid or de-Treble colls, murrer againft the plaintiff; the defendant or defendants shall recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the lame as defendants hav&in other cafes by law.

Proof where X. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the goods if any velvets, wrought filks, or filks mixed as aforefaid, shall be “TV fe‘ze<* by virtue and in purfuance of this ad, and any doubt or on the cisdrn-C que^ion shall arife, where the faid velvets, wrought filks, or filks cr.	mixed as aforefaid, were manufadured, the proof shall lie upon

the owner or claimer thereof, and not upon the profecutor, any law, ufage or cuftom to the contrary notwitbftanding.

CAP. XXII.

An aB for the purcbafe of the Mufeum, or colleBion of Sir Hans Sloane, and of the Harleian colleBion of matin-fcriptx j and for providing one general repofitory for the better reception and more convenient ufe of the faid collect tions •, and of the Cottonian Library, and of the additions thereto.

Will of Sir \X7HEREAS Sir Hans Sloane of Chelfea in the county of flans Sloane. V V Mid die (lex baronet, havings through the ccurfe of many years* with great labour and expence gathered together whatever could be procured either in our own or foreign countries, that was rare and cu-riouSi> did, by a codicil bearifig date the twentieth day of July in the year of our Lord one thoujand feven hundred and forty nine, and annexed to his lajl will and teftamenc, after having exprejfed his will and defire that his colleBion, in all its branches, might be, if it wen pojfrne, kept and preferred together whole and intire, in his manor houfe in the parijh of Chelfea, give* devife and bequeath* to certain

trvften

 

1753*1 Anno viccGmo fexto Georgii II. c. 22.'

trujlees therein named, all that his collection or Mufeum, at, in or about his /aid manor houfe, conjijling of all his library of books, drawings, manufcripts, prints, medals and coins ancient ana modern, antiquities, feals, cameas and intaglios, precious Jlones, agates, jafpers, veffels of agate andjafper, chryflals, mathematical infruments, drawings, and pictures, and all other things in the [aid collection or Mu-ftum, more particularly defcribed and numbered, with Jhort hifeories or accounts of them, with proper references, in certain catalogues by him made, containing thirty eight volumes in folio, and eight volumes in quarto, /except fuch pictures as are not marked with the word collection) to have and to hold to them and their fuccejfors and offigns for ever, for fuch purpofes, and with fuch powers, and under fuch re-ftridions, as in the faid codicil are exprejfed; willing and defiring thereby, that the faid trujlees, or any f even or more of them, Jhould make their bumble application to his Majejly, or to parliament, at the next fejfion after bis deceafe, as Jhould be thought mojl proper, in order to pay the full and clear fum of twenty thousand pounds, of lawful money 0/Great Britain, unto his executors, or the furvivors of them, within twelve months after his dcceafe, in confederation of the faid collection or Mufeum; and alfo to obtain fuch fufficient and effectual powers and authorities for vejting in the Jaid trujlees, all and every part of his faid collection or Mufeum before-mentioned, in all its branches; and alfo his faid capital manor houfe, with fuch gardens and out-boufes as Jhould thereunto belong and be ufed by him, at the time of bis deceafe, and alfo the water of or belonging to his manor of Chelfea coming from Kenfington \ qnd alfo obtain a fufficient fund or provifion for maintaining and taking care of his faid collection and premiffes, and for repairing and fupporting his faid manor boufe, water-work and premiffes ; but in cafe payment of the faid fum of twenty thousand pounds, Jhould not be had and obtained, and made unto bis executors, or the furvivors of them, within twelve months next after his deceafe, and no fuch a Cl of parliament Jhould be obtained, for fettling, preferving, ejlablijbing, maintaining and continuing, his Jaid collection and premiffes, in fuch manner as in his faid codicil is txpreffed, then and not otherwife, his will was and he did in fuch cafe thereby direCJ, That bis faid executors, or the furvivors of them, Jhould, for the like fum of twenty thousand pounds. Jell and difpofe of all and every tart of the faid collection and Mufeum, as before defcribed, together with the catalogues thereto belonging, for the ufe of the several foreign academies therein defcribed, and in the manner therein mentioned; and that in cafe the faid offer Jhould not be accepted by either of the faid foreign academies, his executors, or the fur-vivors of them, Jhould be at liberty with all convenient fpeed to fell and difpofe of all and every part of his faid Mufeum or collection in the mojl fpeedy and advantageous manner; and that the monies arifing by fetch J'ale or difpofetion Jhould be confidered as part of his perjonal estate ; and further his will was, and he did thereby direct. That in cafe his faid collection Jhould be fold or difpofed of to either of the faid Jo-reign academies, or in cafe of their refufalor non-acceptance by his executors, or the furvivCrs of them, that then his faid manor houfe and garden, with tbe appurtenances and the water, Jhould go and belong

F %	to

68

Anno vicesimo fexto Georgii II. c. it. t1753-

to fuch person or perforin and in fitch manner, as he had given and devifed the reft of his manors, lands and tenements at Chelfea, or elfewbere, as by the j'aid codicil, relation being thereto had, may more fully and at large appear : and whereas the faid Sir Hans Sloane having, by several other codicils of a fubfequent date annexed to his faid willy added to the number of the faid trufteeSy did, on or about the eleventh day of January one thousand feven hundred and fifty-three, depart this life: and whereas the faid truftees, or feven or more of them, have, purfuant to the will and intention of the faid Sir Hans Sloane, in this fejfion of parliament, being the next Jejjion after his deceafe, made their application for payment of the faid Jitm of twenty thousand pounds in confideration of the faid collection or Mufeum : and whereas the faid truflees at a general meeting ajfembled have con-fented to the removal of the faid Mufeum or collection from the manor houfe at Chelfea, to any proper place within the cities ^London or Weftminfter, or the Juburbs thereof, if fuch removal Jhall be judged moft advantageous to the publicity fo as the faid collection be prefervedintire without the leaft diminution or feparation, and be kept for the ufe and benefit of the publicky with free accefs to view and perufe the fame at all Jlated and convenient feafonSy agreeable to the will and intentions of the tefiator, and under fuch reftriCtions as the parliament Jhall think fit: and whereas the faid Mufeum or collection of Sir Hans Sloane is of much greater intrinfick value than the sum of twenty thousand pounds: and whereas all arts and fciences have a connexion with each other, and difcoveries in natural philofophy and other branches of fpeculative knowledge, for the advancement and improvement whereof the faid Mufeum or collection was intended, do and may, in many inftances, give help and fuccefs to the moft ufe-ful experiments and inventions: therefore, to the end that the faid Mufeum or collection may be preferved and maintained, not only for the infpe&ion and entertainment of the learned and the curious, but for the general ufe and benefit of the publick; may it pleafe your moft excellent Majesty that it may be ena&ed, and be it enadted by tlje King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the au-ao,ooo 1. to be th°r*ty of the fame. That out of all or any of the monies to be paid to the ex- raifed by virtue of this aCt, the full and clear fum of twenty ecutors of Sir thousand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain shall be paid for*his m*”* *n manner herein after-mentioned to the executors of Sir Hans urn ir C Sl°ane, or the furvivors or furvivor of them, in full fatisfaClion for the faid Mufeum or colleClion herein before defcribed, and for the ufe of the faid manor houfe and garden, with their appurtenances, and of the faid water, until a more convenient repofitorv, more durable and more fafe from fire, and nearer to the chief places of publick refort, shall be provided for the reception of the faid Mufeum or colleClion, in manner herein after-mentioned.

12 & 11 w,	!!•	whereas by an aCt made in the twelfth and thirteenth years

c. 7.	‘	of the	reign of King William.Third, intituled. An aCt for the

better fettling and preferving the library kept in the houfe ae

Wejl~



1753*3 Anno vicefimp fexto Georgii II. c. 22.	&9

Weftminfter, called Cotton Houfe, in the name and family of the Cottons, for the benefit of the publick, reciting, That Sir Robert Cotton, late of Connington in the county of Huntingdon, baronet, did, at his own great charge, and by the affijlance of the mojl learned antiquaries of his time, colleft and purchafe the mojl ufeful manufcripts, written books, papers, parchments, records and other memorials, in mojl languages, of great ufe and fervice for the knowledge and prefervation of our conjlitution both in church and Jlate ; and further reciting, That the Jaid library had been preferv-ed with the utmojl care by Sir Thomas Cotton, fon of the faid Sir Robert, and by Sir John Cotton then living, grandfon of the laid Sir Robert; and had been very much augmented by them, and lodged in a very proper place in the faid Sir John’s ancient manfion-houfe at Weftminfter, for publict ufe and advantage; it was enabled. That the faid manfion-houfe, with the garden, and all other appurtenances, and alfo the faid library, should be vefied in truftees in the faid all named, and their fuccejfors, for ever, for the purposes therein mentioned ; and as, for and concerning the faid library, and the room wherein the fame was or Jhould be contained, together with a convenient pajfage for reforting thereunto, upon this trufl and confidence, that the faid truftees and their fuccejfors Jhould from time to time, and at all times thereafter, as occafion Jhould require, infpeft, confult and take care of the faid library, and other particulars above mentioned, and alfo make and appoint fiuch orders and rules as they Jhould think proper for the reading and ufing the fame, and for their better prefervation, and to the intent and purpofe that the faid truftees or the major part of them, Jbouldnominate and appoint a good and fiuf-fieient perfon, well read in antiquities and records, to have the immediate care and cuftoiy of the Jaid library: and whereas by an all made in the fifth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled. An $ Ann* c% 3°* a<5t for the better fecuring her Majesty’s purchafe of Cotton Houfe in Weftminfter; reciting the faid former atI made in the twelfth and thirteenth year of the reign of King William the Third; and alfo reciting, that ftnce the making of the faid act very little had been done in purfuance thereof to make the faid library ufeful to the public!, except what had been then lately done at her majeftys charge, and that there was no way or pajfage to it fet out, as the faid'aft did dire ft, nor could there be any way or pajfage to the fame, but through the beft rooms of the houfe, which would render the houfe wholly ufe-lefs to the family, fo that the library could not be refcrtcd unto \ nor had any orders or rules been appointed for reading or ufing the fame, and thereby the publick was wholly deprived of the benefit defigned by the faid aft ; and that the place wherein the faid library was then contained, was a narrow little room, damp and improper for preferv-ing the books and papers; and that her Majesty, to the intent fo great a treafure of books and manufcripts, fo generoufly given for the pub-lick fervice, might not remain any longer ufelefs, and in danger of perijhing for want of due care, and that it might be in her Male-fifs power to make that mojl valuable cclleftion ufeful to her own Jub-jefts, and all learned foreigners, had given directions for treating with the faid Sir John Cotton for the purchafe of the faid Cot-

F 3	ton

7°

Anno vicesimo fexto Gborgii II. C. 21.	11753-

ton Houfe and garden \ and that an agreement bad been made for the pur chafing the inheritance thereof for the sum of four thousand and five hundred pounds, which her Majesty bad dire fled to be paid on the invefting the inheritance of the premijjes in her Majefiy, her heirs and fucceffors, which could not be done but by aft of parliament, the faid recited aft having dire fled it might not be fold or aliened; it was therefore ena fled, That the faid capital meffuage called Cotton Houfe, and the garden and buildings ujcd and enjoyed with the fame, with the appurtenances, Jhould be vefied in her Majesty, her heirs and fuc-cejfors, and it was thereby further enabled and declared, That a convenient room Jhould be built in or near part of the faid ground thereby intended to be vefied in her Majefiy, as her Majesty, her heirs and fucceffors Jhould, by writing undejr the fign manual, appoint; in which room, when built, all the faid manufcripts, written bcoks,\tapers, parchments, records and other memorials, as alfo all coins, medals and other rarities and curiofities in the faid library contained, Jhould be lodged and there remain to all pofierity ; and that the faid room, when built, Jhould ever be called and known by the name of the Cottonian Library; and that from the building thereof, the faid library Jh:uld be managed and dire fled by the trufiees therein named, as trufiees to and for the ufe of the publick for ever: and whereas although the publick faith hath been thus engaged to provide for the better reception and more convenient ufe of the Cottonian Library, a proper repofitory for that purpofe hath not yet been prepared; for the want of which the faid library did in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty one, fuffer by a fire, which confumed the houfe wherein the fame was then placed, and what remains of the faid library fill continues in the room, to which upon the occajton of the faid fire it was removed; and persons defirous to view and confiult the treafureof books and manufcripts therein contained, cannot conveniently refort Will of Ar- thereunto: and whereas Arthur Edwards, late of Saint George tbur Edwards, Hanover Square in the county of Middlesex ejquire, being defirous to preferve for the publick ufe the faid library, and to prevent the like auident for the future, aid by his laft_ will and t eft ament, bearing date the eleventh day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty eight, and duly proved in the prerogative court of Canterbury, give, devife and bequeath unto the trufiees of the faid library the sum of feven thousand pounds (if his ejfefls real and perfonal, not before difpofed of by that his will and tefiament, Jhould, after the deceafe of miftre/s Elizabeth Milles, amount to fo much) to ere fl in a proper fituation fuch a houfe as might be mofl likely to preferve that library as much as can be from all accidents; but if it Jhould fo happeh that before this part of his will could take place there Jhould be ere fled fuch a proper building for this ufe, then he did give, devife and bequeath the aforefaid fum of feven thousand pounds to the faid trufiees, to be employed in purchafing finch manufcripts, books of antiquities, ancient coins, medals and other curiofities, as might be worthy to increafe and enlarge the faid library; and did alj'o thereby give to the faid trufiees of the Jaid library, to be placed in fome by-room or corner thereof, au his books, and the cafes in which they were then placed, and aljfe his figures in bis faid loft

1753-J	Anno vicesimo fexto GeorgIi II. c. tfc.

will and teftament defcribed\ which books, book cafes and pittures, be did difire and require might be delivered and given as foon after his deceafe as might be, to be placed in the faid library; and which, ti//7A the approbation of the faid truftees, Zw*	according	to	fuch

defire in the faid library; be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, —. .	-

That when and as foon as the faid legacy of feven thousand 70o^!.ef^The pounds shall on the deceafe of the faid Elizabeth Milks become deceafe of payable to the truftees of the Cottonian Library, the fame shall Elizabeth be paid to the truftees by this aft appointed, for the purposes herein after mentioned, or to fuch person or persons as ^ the Sap-faid truftees, or the major part of them m any general meeting pointed by aflembled, shall be authorized to receive the fame, to be applied this aft. by the faid truftees hereby appointed, either towards erefting or providing a proper repofitory for the Cottonian Library; or if fuch repofitory shall be erefted or provided before the faid legacy shall become payable as aforefaid, towards purchafing fuch manufcripts, books of antiquities, ancient coins, medals, and other curiofities, as may be worthy to increafe and enlarge the faid library; and that the acquittance of any person or persons authorized by the faid truftees, or the major part of them in a general meeting aflembled, to receive the faid legacy of feven thousand pounds, shall be, and be accepted as a fufficient dif-charge to the executors and reprefentatives of the faid teftator for the payment of the faid legacy.	9

III. And whereas the right honourabk Henrietta Cavendilh Holies, i0,oool. to bs countefs of Oxford and countefs Mortimer, relitI of Edward earl paid to the of Oxford and earl Mortimer, and the mofi noble Margaret Caven- truftees of the di(h dutthefs of Portland their only daughter, have exprejfed their t^ of Oxford approbation of a propofal for the pur chafe of the valuable colleftion for the Har-of manufcripts, colic fled by the faid tarf and by Robert earl of Ox- leian manu-ford and earl Mortimer his father, in cmfideration of the Jum of fcripts, ten thousand pounds, upon condition that the fame Jhall be kept together in a proper repofitory^ as an addition to the Cottonian Library, and be called by the name of the Harleian Collection of Manufcripts ; be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That out of the monies to be raifed by virtue of this aft, the full and clear fum of ten thousand pounds shall be paid by order of the faid truftees hereby appointed for the purposes herein after mentioned, to the truftees for the faid earl and countefs, to whom by an indenture quadrupartite, made the second day of Augufi in tha eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, and in the year of our-Lord one thousand feven hundred and thirty feven, the faid colleftion of manufcripts among other things was aflign-cd for the purposes in the faid indenture mentioned; the faid colleftion of manufcripts to be placed and continued in the fame repofitory in which the Cottonian Library is herein after direfted to be placed; and until the faid repofitory shall be erefted or provided, in manner herein after mentioned, to be preferved in the place where the fame is now lodged, or in feme other convenient place to be approved by the faid truftees by this aft appointed, or the major part of them in a general meeting aflembled, at the

F 4	cofts

Ando vicesimo fexto GEORGii II. c. 22.	[ 1753.

cods and charges of the faid truftees for the faid earl and counters, and of the furviyOrs and furvtror of them, and the executors, adminiftrators and affigns of fuch furvivor, and of the person or persons to whofe ufe the faid fum of ten thonfand' pounds shall be payahle for the faid colle&ion.

Truftees for	And	be	lt ^urt^cr cnaded by the authority aforefaid,

putting this That the archbiihop of Canterbury for the time being, the lord aft in. execu- chancellor or lord keeper of the great feal of Great Britain for ti°n#	the time being, the lord treasurer of Great Britain, or the firft

commiffioner of the treasury for the time being, the lord prefi-dent of the council for the time being, the lord privy feal for the time being, the lord high admiral of Great Britain\ or the firft commiffioner of the admiralty for the time being, the lord de-ward of his Majesty’s houfhold for the time being, the lord chamberlain of his Majesty’s houfhold for the time being, the bifhop of London for the time being, each of the principal fecre-taries of (late for the time being, being a peer or lord of par-liament, the fpeaker of the houfe of commons for the time being, each of the principal fecretaries of (late for the time being, not being a peer or lord of parliament, the chancellor of che exchequer forthetime being, the lord chief justice of the court of king’s bench for the time being, the mailer of the rolls for the time being, the chief justice of his Majesty’s court of eommon pleas at Wtjlminjler for the time being, hia Majesty’s attorney general for the time being, his Majesty’s folicitor general for the time being, the prefident of the royal fociety for the time being, the prefident of the college of phyficians for the time being, together with the right honourable Charles lord Cadogan, and Hans Stanley efquire, and together vyith Samuel Burroughs and Thomas Hart efquires, two of the present truftees to the Cottonian Li-brary, (having been fo appointed by the heirs male of the body of the faid Sir Robert Cotton, in purfuance of the faid herein before-recited a<5ls made in the twelfth and thirteenth years of the reign of King William the Third, and in the fifth year of the reign of Queen Anne) and together with the mod noble William duke of Portland, and the right honourable Edward earl of Ox-ford and earl Mortimer\ shall be truftees for putting this a£t in who are to execution , and that they, or the major part of them in a ge-apprintfifteen nera^ meeting aflembled, whereof the faid archbi(hop,of Can• affociates, terbury> the lord chancellor or lord keeper, and the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, shall be three, (hall, in fuch manner as they shall think fit, eled and nominate fifteen other persons to be affociated to them in the execution of the trufts hereby in them rcpofed 5 which fifteen persons fo eledled and nominated shall be continue tni- ar** continue for the term of their natural lives truftees for put-ftces for life, ting this a<5t in execution, with the like power in all refpedts as Election of hereby is given to the truftees herein before firft appointed ; and new truftees when any of the faid truftees fo eledled and nominated shall die, the room ofm the truftees herein before firft appointed, and their fucceflors, fuch as shall (hall in like manner ele<ft and nominate a fit person or persons to die.	fupply	the	place	or	places of him or them fo dying, and fo toties

quoties

73

I753‘] Anno vicesimo fexto Georgii II. c. 222

quotin any of the faid truftees fo elected and nominated, or others fo eledted and nominated to fupply their places, shall .happen to die.

V. Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority afore-	.	.

faid. That when either the faid Charles lord Cadogan or Hans Stanley shall die, it shall and may be lawful for the furvivor to by the nominate another fit person to fucceedthe deceafed in the place death of lord of a truftee fo vacant; and after the deceafe of both of them Cadogan or (the faid Charles lord Cadogan and Hans Stanley) it shall and may Iians Stanlft>r* be lawful for the heirs male of their bodies, and upon failure of the heirs male of the body of either of them, to and for the heirs male of the body of the other of them, being of full age, or their refpedhve guardian or guardians during their minority, to nominate a truftee for the purposes of this ad, in the room of the person laft nominated by the furvivor of them; and fo as often as any person fupplying the place of the faid Charles lord Cadogan or Hans Stanley (nail happen to die.

, yi Provid«l alfo, and be it ended by the authority afore- Norainationof faid. That when either the faid Samuel Burroughs or Thomas a truftee va-Hart shall die, it shall and may be lawful to and for Frances cant by the Hanbury widow and relid of Francis Hanbury efquire (which death of Sa-Frances Hanbury is the heir general of the faid Sir Robert Cotton) roughs or and after her deceafe to and for the heirs male of her body, be- Thomas Hart, ing of full age, and in default of fuch iffue, to and for her firft, fecond, third, fourth, and every other daughter feverally, fuc-cdfively and in remainder one after another, in order and courfe as they refpedively shall be irt priority of birth, and the several and refpedive heirs male of the bodies of fuch daughters, being of full age, or the refpedive guardians of the heirs male of the faid Frances and of her faid daughters, during their minority, to nominate another fit person to fupply the place of the deceafed truftee, and fo as often as any person supplying the place of either of the faid truftees shall happen to die.

VII.	Provided also, and be it further enaded by the authority Nomination of aforefaid. That when either the faid William duke of Portland, a truftee va-or the faid Edward earl of Oxford and earl Mortimer, herein be- cant by the fore appointed truftees for the purposes of this ad shall die, it jja^dukeof" shall and may be lawful to and for the faid countefs of Oxford and Portland, or countefs Mortimer, and the faid dutchefs of Portland, or the Edward earlof furvivor of them, and after the deceafe of the faid countefs and Oxford, dutchefs, to and for the heirs male of the body of the faid dutchefs, being of full age, or their guardian or guardians during their minority; and upon failure of fuch heirs male, to and for the heirs male of the body of Edward now earl of Oxford and earl Mortimer, being of full age, or their guardian or guardians during their minority, to nominate another fit person to fupply the place of the faid duke or the faid earl; and upon the death of any person fo fupplying the place of either of them, to nominate another fit person in his (lead, and fo as often as any person fo fupplying the place of either of them shall happen to die.

VIJI. And

»	V

74	Anno	vicefimo	fexto Georgii II. c. 22.	[1753.

Truftees fo VIII* And be it declared and enaded by the authority afore-nominated,	That	the	truftees foto be nominated by thefurvivor of the

inverted with faid Charles lord Caiogan and Hans Stanley, and by the heirs male like powers, of the bodies of them, or either of them, or the refpedive

?guardians of fuch heirs male, in manner aforefaid, and by the aid countefs and dutchefs, or the furvivor of them, or by fuch heirs male of the faid dutchefs, or of the faid now earl of Oxford and Mortimer as aforefaid, or by their guardian or guardians in manner aforefaid, shall have the like power in all re-fpeds in the execution of this ad, as is hereby given to the truftees herein before firft named and deferibed.

IX. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That with-A general re- in the cities of London or IVeJlmin/ler, or the fuburbs thereof, poutory to be one general repofitory shall be eroded or provided in fuch con-the reception ven,ent place, and in fuch manner, as the truftees hereby ap-©fSloane'smu- pointed, or the major part of them at a general meeting aftem-feum, the Cot-bled shall dired, for the reception not only of the faid Mufeum? toman Libra- or collection of Sir Hans Sloane, but alfo of the Cottonian Li-{3anufcrfpts! brary* anc* °f the additions which have been or shall be made and Edward’s thereunto by virtue of the laft will and teftament of the faid additions. Arthur Edwards, and likewife of the faid Harleian colledion of manuferipts, and of fuch other additions to the Cottonian Library, as with the approbation of the truftees by this ad appointed, or the major part of them at a general meeting aftem-bled, shall be made thereunto, in manner herein after mentioned, and of fuch other colledions and libraries as with the like approbation lhall be admitted into the faid general repofitory; which feyeral colledions, additions and library fo received into the faid general repofitory, shall remain and be preferved therein for publick ufe to all pofterity.

X.	Provided always, That the faid Mufeum or colledion of Sir Hans Sloane in all its branches, shall be kept and preferved together in the faid general repofitory whole and intire, and with proper marks of diftmdion.

XI.	Provided alfo. That the faid Harleian colledion of manuferipts shall be kept together in the faid general repofitory, as be an addition an addition to the Cottonian Lifyary.

nian Library. XII. Provided always. That until the faid general repofitory The mufeum	erc&cc*	or provided in manner before-mentioned, the

to remain in faid colledion or Mufeum of Sir Hans Sloane shall remain in his the manor- faid manor-houfe for publick ufe, under the care pf fuch person houfe till a ge- or persons as by the faid archbilhop of Canterbury, lord chan-to^bVpro-" ce^or» or *orc* deeper, and the fpeaker of the houfe of com-yided. ** * mons, or any two of them, shall be nominated for that pur-pofe, with fuch falary or falaries, and allowances for attending and preferving the fame, as by all the truftees by this ad appointed, or the major part of them in a general meeting aftem-bled, shall be limited and direded; and the faid Mufeum or colledion shall there he vifited and feen by all persons defirous to view the fame, under fuch rules as by the faid truftees, or the major part of them in like manner aflembled, shall be eftablifh-

c4i

The mufeum to be kept in • tire.

The Harleian colledion to

75

1753-1 Anno vicesimo fexto Georgii II. c.22;

ed; and that until the faid Mufeum or collection shall be removed to the faid general repofitory hereby intended to be ereded • or provided, the expence of preferving the faid Mufeum or collection, and of repairing and fupporting the faid manor-houfe and premifles, (hail be defrayed by the faid truftees out of fuch monies as shall be payable to them fqr that purpofe by virtue of this ad.

XIII.	Provided also, and be it enaded by the authority afore- Whentbemu-Caid, That when and as foon as the faid Mufeum or colledion feum fhaJl be shall be removed into the faid general repofitory, then and from removed, the thenceforth the faid manor-houfe and garden, with their appur- ^anor-hoiife, tenances arid water, shall go and belong to fuch person or per- the othfrlands fans, and in fuch manner, as the faid Sir Ham Sloane hath given devifed by Sir and devifed the reft of his faid manors, lands and tenements at Hans Sloane. Cbilfea or elsewhere.

XIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. The truftees That for the better execution of the purposes of this ad, the incorporated faid truftees hereby appointed shall be a body politick and cor- jjjf Th^tru * porate in deed and name, and have fucceflion for ever, by the ftees of the" name of The truftees of the Britilh Mufeum; and by that name Britifh mufe-fhall fue and be fued, implead and be impleaded, in all courts nm*

and {daces within this realm; and shall have power to have and ufe a common feal to be appointed by themfelves; and to make by-laws and ordinances for the purposes of this ad; and to af-femble together when, where and as often, and upon fuch notice as to them shall feem meet, for the execution of the truft hereby in them repofed; and shall alfo have full power, capacity and ability to purchafe, take, hold and enjoy, for the purposes of this ad, as well goods and chattels, as lands, tenements and hereditaments, fo as theyearly value of fuch lands shall not exceed five hundred pounds above all charges and reprizes; the ftatute of Mortmain, or any other ftatute and law to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,-. ^ces. That the truftees fo appointed and incorporated by this ad, or

the major part of them at any general meeting aftembled, shall makeftatutet. from time to time, and as often as they shall think (it, make, conftitute and eftablifti fuch ftatutes, rules and ordinances for the cuftody, prefervation and infpedion of every part of the fe veral col-ledions hereby intended to remain in the faid general repofitory, as to them shall feem meet; and shall and may in like manner affign fuch falaries and allowances as they (haft think fit to the officers and fervants, who in manner hereinafter mentioned shall be appointed to attend and affift in the care and prefervation of the several coftedions contained in the faid general repofitory; and ,

(hall and may at their pleafure in like manner fufpend or remove Varies to°in any fuch officer or fervant for miibehaviour or negled of duty, their officers.

XVI.	- And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the principal librarian, to whom the care and cuftody of the faid Nominationof general repofitory shall be chiefly committed, shall from time to i&rwzn? time be nominated and appointed in manner followingj that is

to

No officer** place to be supplied by a deputy.

76	Anno vicesimo fextoGEORGii II. c. 12;	[1753.

to fay, the faid archbilhop of Canterbury, lord chancellor or lord keeper, and the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, or any two of them, shall recommend to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-ceffors, two persons, each of whom they shall judge fit to execute the faid office; and fuch of the faid two persons fo recommended as his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, by writing under his or their lign manual shall appoint, after he shall become bound to the faid truftees by this act appointed, for the due and faithful difeharee of his office, in fuch penal fum not being lefs than one thousand pounds, as the faid truftees at any general meeting affembled, or the major part of them, shall think proper, shall have and hold the faid office during fuch time as he shall behave well therein.

Nommationof XVII. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, officers.0 1 C That the reft of the officers and fervants whofe attendance and affiftance shall be necessary in the care and prefervation of the faid general repofitory, shall from time to time be nominated and appointed by the faid archbilhop of Canterbury, lord chancellor or lord keeper, and the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, or any two of them.

X VIII. Provided always, That no fuch person to whom the care and cuftody of the laid general repofitory shall be chiefly committed, nor any of the reft of the faid officers or fervants, tinlefs in cafes of occafional ficknefs, or other nedeffary caufe of abfence, to be approved by the faid archbifhop of Canterbury, lord chancellor or lord keeper, and the fpeaker of the houfe of commons, or any two of them, shall be permitted to fupply his place by a deputy.

Affiftants and XIX. Provided neverthelefs. That the perfon, to whom in manner aforefaid the care and cuftody of the faid general repofitory shall be chiefly committed, shall and may be affifted by fuch fubordinate officers and fervants, as in manner aforefaid shall be appointed continually to afiift him in the execution of his duty.

XX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the faid Mufeum or collection of Sir Hans Shane, from and after payment of the faid fum of twenty thousand pounds, and the faid manor-houfe and garden, with the appurtenances and water, until the faid Mufeum or cohesion shall be removed to the laid general repofitory; and alfo the faid Cottonian library and additions thereunto; and the faid Harleian collection of manuferipts, from and after payment of the faid fum of ten thousand pounds; and the faid general repofitory, when the fame shall be ereCted or provided for the ufe thereof, shall be vefted in the find truftees by this aCt appointed, and their fucceffors, for ever; upon this truft and confidence neverthelefs, That a free accefs to the faid general repofitory, and to the collections therein contained, shall be given to all ftudious and curious persons, at fuch times and in fuch manner, and under fuch regulations for infpeCting and confulting the faid collections, as by

the

fubordinate

officer*.

Mufeum, 8cc. ▼efted in the tiuftees.



77

1753*3 Anno vicesimo fexto GeorcSii II. C. 42.

the faid truftees, or the major part of them in any general meeting aflembled, shall be limited for that purpofe.

XXI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, His Majesty That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his heirs the^tnutces0 and fucceflors, at any time hereafter, by letters patent or inden- any bujid^g. ture under the great feal of Great Britain, to give and grant &c. for a ge-unto the faid truftees and their fucceflbrs in perpetuity, for the neral repoBto-purpofes of this a<ft, the right or ufe in or of any room, meflii- ry*

age or building, or rooms, mefluages or buildings, with the appurtenances, or any ground or fite, requifite for the eredion of the faid general repofitory, or for making any addition thereto} any reftri&ions, or matter or thing contained in an a£fc of parliament made in the firft year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne% intituled, An act for the better fupport of her Ma- iAnn.ft.i.c.7. jefly's houjholdy and of the honour and dignity of the crown; or any f* 5* other law or ftatute in any wife notwithftanding.

XXII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Bodiespolitick That it shall and may be lawful to and for all bodies politick and corporate, and corporate, truftees, mortgagees and feoffees' in truft, guar-

dians and committees for infants, lunaticks and ideots, execu- ^ ^nds &c tors and adminiftrators whatfoever, and to and for all femes to ti,e truftees covert, who are or shall be feifed of any lands, tenements or for fuch repo-hereditaments, in their own right, and to and for all and every fitory. other person and persons whomfoever who are or shall be feifed, poflefled of or interefted in any lands, tenements or hereditaments, to fell and convey to the faid truftees and their fucceflbrs, or to fuch person or persons as they, or the major part of them at any general meeting aflembled, shall appoint, all fuch lands, tenements, hereditaments, eftates and interefts, or any part thereof, as the faid truftees, or the major part of them, shall purchafe, for the purpofe of erecting or providing fuch general repofftory as aforefaid; and all contracts, agreements, fales and conveyances which shall be made by any fuch bodies politick or corporate, or collegiate, or other persons aforefaid, shall be valid and effectual to all intents and purposes j any law, ftatute, ufage, or any other matter or thing to the contrary notwith-ffanding: and that every fuch fum of money as shall be paid for the purchafe of any lands, tenements or hereditaments, to or for the ufe of any fuch body politick or corporate, or other person as aforefaid, shall be refpe&ively laid out in the purchafe of lands, tenements and hereditaments, and fettled to and upon, and fubjedt to fuch titles, ufes, trufts, limitations, remainders and contingencies, as the faid lands, tenements and hereditaments, purchased by the faid truftees, were fettled, limited and aflured at the time of fuch purchafe, and shall be held and enjoyed accordingly ; and that until fuch purchases shall be made, the money shall be vefted in fome of the publick funds, or government fecurities, at intereft, which shall be paid to or for the ufe of fuch person or persons as would have been intitled to the rents and profits of fuch lands, tenements and hereditaments.

XXIII.

I*



78	Anno	vicefimo	fexto Georgii II. c. 22.	[1753.

Refervationto XXIII. Saving neverthelefs to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-all other per- ceffors, and to all and every person and persons, bodies politick

intheir richtt anc* corPorate? their heirs and fucceflbrs, executors or admini-t0 s	ft ra tor 9, other than and except the truftees and vifitors by the

faid Sir Hans Sloane appointed by his codicil herein before recited, and other than and except the truftees of the Cottonian library, and the truftees for the faid countefs of Oxford and countefs of Mortimer, all fuch right, title, estate or interest in or to the premifles hereby vefted in the truftees by this act appointed, and their fuccefiors, as thfey or any of them had or might enjoy if this aft had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding. 300,0001. to XXIV. And for raifing money to fatisfy and difeharge the be ndfed for several fums that will be neceflary for the purposes afore-men-enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it shall and and natives or may b® lawful for any perfon, native or foreigner, or bpdy po-fbreigners litick or corporate, to contribute or advance for or towards rai-may contri- fing a fum not exceeding three hundred thousand pounds in the bute thereto. whole, by paying at or before the refpeftive days or times herein after appointed in that behalf, unto fuch receivers as shall be in purfuance of this aft appointed for that purpofe, or one of them, the sum of three pounds, or divers entire fums of three pounds, fo as no perfon, or body politick or corporate, shall be allowed to contribute more than twenty fuch entire fums; for which fum or fums fo advanced every fuch contributor fo advancing the fame shall be intitled to receive, by virtue of this aft, fuch fum or fums of money as is or are hereby direfted or appointed 3 and every fuch fum of three pounds shall be paid to fuch receivers, or one of them, at fuch office as shall be appointed by the faid receivers for that purpofe (of which appointment publick notice shall be given in the London Gazette) in manner following; that is to fay, one pound, part of every fuch fum of three pounds, shall be paid on or before the twenty-fifth day of July one thousand feven hundred and fifty three, and the remaining two pounds on or before the twenty-fixth day of Oftober following.

Managers of the lottery appointed. Books to be prepare? by them with 3 columns, and 50,000 printed tickets. Form, &c. of the tickets. Four of the managers to be appointed receivers of the contributions. There shall be printed 50,000 tickets, 4,159 tickets shall be the fortunate tickets, mix* x 1 o,ooo 1. 1 5,000 1. a 2,0001. 10 1,000 1. xc 5001. 130 100 1. 1,000 sol. 3,000 101. which, with 2001, to the firit drawn ticket, and 300I. to the lait drawn ticket, will amount to 100,0001. which, together with the like fum payable in refpeft of the correfponding tickets, amount , together to 200,0001. Drawing of the lottery to be on 26 Nov. 1753. Receivers may take in the contributions, not exceeding 20 from oneper-fbn; and are to exhibit an account of the monies received and di&burled.

too I.	XXXIX.	And	be	it	further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

mnagers	^at out	^e monics to be contributed by this aft it (hall

5 *	and may be lawful for fuch archbi(hop, lord chancellor or lord

keeper, and fpeaker, or any two of them, in like manner to

caufe



79

*753-3 Anno vicesimo fexto Georgh II. c. 22.

caufe payment to be made made to each and every of the faid managers and*directors of the sum of one hundred pounds each, for and in conftderation of their labour or trouble in the execution of the several matters herein before direfted to be by them ,	.

done and performed; and over and above the fame allowance, t^aordinar^to to caufe in like manner payment to be made to each of the laid the receivers, receivers of the sum of one hundred and fifty pounds for his labour and trouble in executing the; faid office of receiver; and a"d »ooI. to alfo the further Turn of one hundred pounds to. each of the per- ^aking0o»t Tons heitby appointed to make and deliver certificates in ex-certificates for change for the tickets in the faid lottery, in manner herein after the tickets, mentioned, for their refpeftive labour and trouble in making out and delivering filch certificates; and that all the refiduc of Refidue of the money arifing and to be contributed by virtue of this aft, t^.c m°ney*. and paid into the bank of England, for the purposes of this aft* of tLPprSes^ after payment made by the governor and company of the bank &c. to be of England, or money fufficient referved for the payment of the lodged in the fum and fums of money hereby direfted to be iflued to the pro- bank, &c. prietors of the fortunate tickets in the lottery hereby eftablimed, and other the allowances to be made purfuant to this aft, shall be from time to time paid out of the bank of England* in fuch manner and in fuch proportions, and to fuch person or perfons* as the laid truftees, or the major part of them, at any general meeting affembled, by their order in writing (hail dujcft and ap-point; and the laid governor and company of the bank, of Eng- *d to°troftees* land are hereby direfted to make payment of all fuch films o£or<jCrs. money, as by the laid archbifhop, lord chancellor or lord keeper, and fpeaker, or any two of them, in manner aforeiaid, or by the laid truftees, or the major part of them, in manner herein after-mentioned shall be ordered to be paid, and shall fuffer fitch person or persons as the faid truftees, or the major part of them, at any general meeting aflembled shall appoint for that purpofo by writing, to infpeft the accounts thereof; all which payments fo to be made for or in refpeft of the lottery eftablifhed by this, aft, shall be free from any rates, taxes, duties or impofiriona whatfoever.

XL. And be it further enaftfed by the authority aforefeid. Penalty of fell-That no person or persons shall fell the chance or chances of any ing chances of ticket or tickets in the faid lottery for a day or part of a day, or tickett, &c. for a longer rime than shall be lefs than the whole rime of drawing the lottery; or shall receive any money whatfoever in con-fideration of the repayment of any fum or fums of money, in cafe any ticket or tickets in the (aid lottery shall prove fortunate, or shall lay any wager relating to the drawing of any ticket Gr of laying or tickets in the faid lottery, either as to the time of fucfoticket wagers rtlas-or tickets being drawn, or whether fuch ticket or tickets be drawn inS tom the fortunate or unfortunate: and all and every person and persons S Q* who shall offend in any of the afore-mentioned matters, shall forfeit and pay treble the fum and fums of money which shall have been received by fuch person and persons, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this aft, to be recovered by aftion 6	9f

F the forfeiture.

Penalty of keeping an office, or pub-liflung any icheme, &c.

8a	Anno	vicesimo fcxto Gbokgii II. c. 22.	tl753.

of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at tVefminJler, in which no efloin, protection, privilege or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed ; one moiety whereof to be for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefllors, and the other moiety to be paid to the person or persons who shall fue for the fame; and every (uch lale, wager or contract, and every agreement relating thereto, shall be and is hereby declared to De null and void.

XLI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforeraid. That if any person or j>erfons shall keep any office, or print or publiih any fcheme or propofal for receiving any fum or Turns of money, in confideration of an interest to be granted for the fame in any ticket or number of tickets in the laid lottery, or in confideration of any fum or Aims to be repaid in cafe any ticket or number of tickets in the faid lottery shall prove fortunate, all and every fuch person and persons (nail forfeit and pay the Arm of five hundred pounds, to be recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at JVeJbmnfter, in which no effoin, protection or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; one moiety whereof to be for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, and the other moiety to be paid to the person or persons who shall fue for the fame, and alfo shall fuffer three months imprifonment without bail or mainprize.

XLIL And whereas many and great inconveniencies have arifen upon the occafm of former lotteries by the excejfhe advance of tbd price of tickets9 efpecially during the time of drawing fuch lotteries ; for remedy thereof be it further enadted by the authority afore-fiud, That from and after the twenty-fourth day of November one thousand feven hundred and fifty three, it shall not be lawful for any person or persons whatfoever to fell, buy, alienate, deliver or receive, by way of bargain or fale, any ticket in the faid lottery, or any receipt for tickets to be made out in purfuance of this adt; and every person who shall fo fell, alienate or deliver any ticket or receipt for tickets, shall forfeit and lofe the sum of ten pounds for every ticket which-(hall be fo fold, alie^-nated or delivered, and for every ticket which shall be contained in any receipt for tickets fo fold, alienated or delivered; and shall upon convidtion be committed to the county gaol, there, to remain without bail or mainprize for the fpace of one caJenaaf 'month, and until the fums fo forfeited as aforefaid (htll be fully paid and fatisfie^l $ and every person fo buying or receiving Aich ticket or receipt for tickets shall forfeit and lofe the fame, and shall not be intitled to receive any benefit from the drawing fuch tickets; all which penalties shall and may be recovered by adti-Applicationofon or information in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at the penalties. fVe/lminfter, or before any two of his Majesty’s juftices of the peace of the county, city, divifion ot liberty where fuch offence shall be committee), or the offender shall be found, upon the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles (which oath fuch juftices are hereby impowered and required to administer)

Penalty on persons who mail fell or buy tickets, &c. after 24 Nov.

17^3*1 Ahno vicesimo Ibrto G&orgii II. c. 11.	8i

fter) all fuch penalties to be applied, one third part to the life of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbts, one other third part thereof to the informer, and the remaining third part thereof to the poor of the parirti where fuch offence shall be committed; and p	.

in cafe any person shall find himfelf aggrieved by any determi- eved°mayfp^ nation of the juftices, it shall be lawful for fuch person to ap- peal to the P peal to the quarter-feffions for the faid county, city, divifion or quarter fefll-liberty, whofe determination shall be final.	ons»

XLIII. And be it further enaded, That all receipts and if- Penalty of of-fues, and all other things directed by this ad to be performed ficers taking by any officers or persons, for or in refped of the lottery ot^cr^s^an hereby eftablilhed, shall be performed by them without any jow^by thia , other fee, gratuity or reward, than what shall be allowed by vir- or of tue or under authority of this ad; and in cafe any fuch officer otherwife be-or person shall take or demand any fee or reward, otherwife than ,n9 as aforefaid, or shall divert or apply any of the (urns to be paid of purfuant to this *d, otherwife than according to the intent of their duty, this ad, or shall not keep books, and eaufe entries to be madfc, and do and perform all other things which by this ad they are refptdively required to do and perform, every fuch officer shall forfeit his place, and shall anfwer and pay treble damages and cofts of fuit to any adventurer, or the executors, adrainiftrators or affigns of any adventurer, or to any other person or persons that will fue for the fame, to be recovered by action of debt, hill, plaint or information in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at W$firf{infter^ wherein no efloin, protection, wager of law, injunction or order of reftraint, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed or grantedj and in the faid adion the plaintiff, upon recovery, shall have full cofts; one third part of which fum Application of ib to be recovered shall he paid into the bank of England, to be thc forfeiture* applied towards carrying into execution the purposes of this ad; and the other two thirds thereof shall be to the ufe of him, her or them, who shall fue for the fame.

X LI V. Provided always, and it is hereby enaded by the If the whole authority aforefaid, That in cafe the whole number of one huti- number of dred thousand tickets in fuch intended lottery (hail not be fub-feribed or contributed for, or the relidue (if any untubferibed) bribed for] shall not be declared by the faid truftees, or the major part of 8cc. them, at any general meeting affembled,' to be drawn and riiqued for the purposes of this ad (which declaration thc faid truftees, or the major part’of them, are hereby authorized to make) then and in fuch cafe the faid managers and diredors, Or the major part of them, shall "apportion two third parts of the money that dlrcf*?f# shall hav$ been adually contributed for the purchafe ot fuch two^hirds of other tickets, in prizes, accord ng to their diferetions, having the iqoney regard, as near as may be, to the diftribution of prizes or for- contributed, tunate lots by this ad appointed for the faid whole number ofin Pr^ss» one hundred thousand tickets, fo as no fuch prize be for lefs than ten pounds, and no other greater prize be computed for and tQ . any fradional part of a pound, and shall eaufe publick notice publicknotice to be given thereof \ and then, and in fuch cafe only, fuch a thereof.

Vol, XXI,	G	number



and fuch 9 number only ' of tickets to be drawn as shall be iubfcribed for*

Within 40 days after drawing the lottery, the pnse tickets to be exchang ed for certificates 2

'*r,V. h ---io. -

* O i* J .

Anno vkefimo fexto Georg* i II. c^22.	£1753.

number of tickets as shall ferve to anfwertiie e*adt numbertof tickets as shall have been fobferibed or cdhtributed for," or r!f-qued by the faid truftees as aforefaid,i^d!vtiroiber of blanks and prizes, and (bch farm in pricks,'f 2^fii^bcen apportioned as aforefeid, shall be cat and p^ihrttftfie Itveral proper boxes, and drawn oat in manner by this aft diiroedr; any thing in this adt before contained to the^ebntriry1 ih<h#5f in any wife notwitftanding.	-

XLV. And to the end that all and every thie payttkritS^jpbh the fortunate tickets maybe more eafily and dufy^foaditfi^^ffie persons who shall be intitled thereto; oe it ftilth# the authority aforefaid, That within the fpae£ of forty ter the faid drawing shall be compleated and end^d, "the fortunate tickets lb to be drawn as aforefaid^fhaR be for certificates, to be figned by the managers 0? dht&oriflic in after appointed for that purpofe, or the magw them ; which certificates shall be made upon paper, dcWcnm the fum or Tams to be paid to the perron or perfbrtimtftlt to the fortunate tickets in lieu whereof filth certificates^ ffifil be given; and the faid managers and directors shall give iJdb-lick notice of the days and times for taking in the faid and for delivering out the certificates for and in lieurbfj fame; and every certificate shall be numbered as near is ^ be, in fuch courfe and order, as the tickets for which the1 fa are to be made out, shall be brought to the faid mana^r^^nd directors; for which purpofe, books (haH be kept, whero&bfffttpl be entered the name of every person bringing any ticket Or tiei-ets fo to be exchanged, and the number or number? oFISch ticket or tickets, and the day of the month and the ydar of ttor Lord when the fame was fo brought in ; which book-arid books shall lie open in the office to be appointed tor taking irirjiBe faid tickets fo to be exchanged, to the intent the fame perufed by all persons concerned; and alfo that any pdfoti^r persons may include as many tickets into one certificate, 9a if^ shall think fit, which certificate shall he made out unto told!In the name of the refpedtive person or persons who (haH faid tickets to be exchanged for the faid certificate or certified or whofe name shall be indorfed on the faid tickets as tto ers or proprietors thereof; and fuch certificates shall intitkTfijeh owners or proprietors or their order or afligns, tb the fiifl (Urns therein refpedtively expreffed to be due; and lhalf be ] able and paid by the governor and company of the bank of landyox their caftiier or ca(hiers,upon demand, out of the^ that shall have been paid into the bank of England1 by the find receivers for the purposes of this adt.	'	J	^

XLVI. And whereas the making and delivering of certifhatkfSn ^change for the fortunate tickets of the faid loft try* imdthe dtSer tnattets and things directed by this aft to be done ana petfortnhffby the faid managers and directors, fubfequent 1? the drawing of {them* terjy will not nectffarily require the jervict and attendant*

-u ‘

* i



Annp Wcefimo fexto*Ge^rgii If. c. aa* ,	8$

*•' *ftdnibn iot/ji v*<5»	..-	«• ■■'•..	. vjd»j/r.	»

i, nifflefjffyfk managers	and	dirtflcrtj be it therefore. enafr-

r^e, ^utfrprity aforefaid, That the faid four managers and The 4 reed. JpfS ^|haU be,in puffuanc/e of this a<ft appointed receivers *® ex-oyte gontffootfoj^sjo foe faid lottery, or fuch of them as shall ^Cjfoen, living*. fojilJ he and arc hereby authorized and required certificates* ^C^h^pg^ t^e Xaid fortunate tickets for certificates, and to do all otnefaits, matters and things, which are by this a<3 appoint-ed J»pd djire&ed to be done, executed and performed, by the jfi^agagc!$3tid directors after the drawing of the lottery, and all things, to be done and performed by the laid mi-*

-----jrf( io appoirUed for exchanging tickets for certificates, or

- jOr part of them, dull be as good, valid and effectual, to tsand parpofes, as if thefame had been done, perform-ex ecu ted, by all the managers and directors appointed The reft of id from and after fuch end made of the drawing of the manager* e reft of the faid whole number of managers and rjfcj!ar£“. be difchaiged from all future fervice and attend- |® {g^e£gqgared (rpm and incumbent upon them by virtue of this drawing is *	over.

And he it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, ah prite tie-the proprietors of the fortunate tickets to be drawn inthe ket, to be -lottery as aforetaid, and each of them, lhall on or before brought in ;thirty-firft day of December one thouland feven hundred afld ^<^exc,hpJ5* yfoqr, apply to the faid managers and directors, for ex- *	*31

|itjg tickets for certificates, and deliver for that purpofe ofrunate tickets fo to be exchanged; and that in defruh No certificate* typiqof.^ia certificates shall be given in exchange for any fortu- tobeafter-Jtq tkkets, not brought in for that purpofe, on or before that ®rant* ay.i apd the governor and company of the bank of England, or a *

^efr, caihier or caftucrs, shall not pay any fum or fums of mo- but the bank yplufih would have otherwife been due on fuch fortunateto detain the "not brought in to be exchanged for certificates, on or	*"tha

Jjt faid thirty ifirft day of December one thousand feven acCountoftb« and fifty four, but shall detain all fuch foot and fums truftee*.

/ m foeir hands, and bring the fame to the account of ^ truftees, to be applied by them, or the major part of tor the other purposes of their truft.

(fill; And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That Application of Jtp mopies which shall arife from the faid lottery, fubjedt to the monies a.

* charge °( management thereof, after payment made, or mo- ^"8 by **“• nfoqfcient referved for the payment of the fums hereby di- a£t‘

•dto be i(Tued to the proprietors of the fortunate tickets, ropriated, and in manner herein. after mentioned,

□, applied, and referved to the several ufes, intents and pmpofes herein after exprefled, and to no other ufe, intent or ^pqrpofe whatibever; that is to fay. In the firft place the foil

jvCleor torn of twenty thousand pounds, part thereof, (hall, to,0001. to me- th$. eleventh day ol January one thousand feven hundred the executor* L f$y/four, be ifliied by order of the (aid truftees, or the |fs,r Ha,M

...jor part or them, at any general meeting aftembled, to the 81 *“e‘

executors of Sir Hans Sltant, or the furvivor* or furvivor of them,

G a	in

illuec





' 84	Anno	vicefimo	fexto	Georgii	Itv	[x7$$f

in confideration of his faid Mufeum or cOlle&ion» and benefit of the faid manor houfe and garden, with th^jgprtr purtenances and water, until fuch time as the faid . collection shall be removed to the faid general rtpofit0ry> jn thP:1 thecounteis ncxt P*ace> and ,n likc raan^ &aU beiffuedfcy the of Oxford. tefs or Oxford and countefs Mortimer, and her, tryftees* th^feUrr;

and clear fum of ten thousand pounds, or fp much thereof* (iWv together with the legacy of feven thoufend pounds bequeathed to the truftees of the Cottonian Library, in manner above mentioned, shall be fufiicient, in cafe the faid legacy (hall, before that time, take effeft, to pay the price for the fata Harleian collision of manufcripts, fo as the laid collection, until ftich time as the laid general repofitory shall be erefted or, provided for the reception thereof, (halLremain in the place, where the fame is now lodged, or in fome other convenient place to be approved by the faid truftees, or the major part of them fo aflembled, and shall be there preferved and maintained at, the pofts and charges of the faid countefs of Oxford and countefs Aj^Mtffa.and her truftees: after payment ot which several fums of twctuy thou-fand pounds, and tea thousand pounds, fo much mqney shall and may be ifliied and applied by order of the laid truftees, or the major part of them to aflembled, as shall be fo/fic#eut tojcJe-h* A general re fraY	erefting	or providing >tbe faid general repo-

pofitory to be fitory, and of the neceflary furniture thereof, and of fuch cabi-provided nets, book-cafes, and pther convenience or embcllilhments, thereout, and as the condition of thedeveral co)le(ftions,ip the faid general re-other necdTa- pofitory contained shall require; and alfoof, the expence which ^ten^ng the may be incurred in preferviog and maintaining the faid Mufeum preferving the or colleftion of Sir Hans Hharie, at his laid manor houfe at Chel-Mufeum, &c, during fuch time as the fz\d Muftum :orcolleftion shall remain there, and in removing the faid Mitfmft or collection; and alfo in removing thzCottonianLibrary^ andtheadditions thereunto made or to be made, and the Harleian collisions of manufcripts^ to the faid general repofitory* which expence being defrayed,

30,0001.	to be the sum of thirty thousand pounds shall and may be referved to put out at in- be placed out at intereft, by order of the faid truftees, Pt the tC*br fh d maj01^ Part	in	any	general meeting aflembled, in any

towardi pay-** parliamentary fecurity oc.fecurities, or to be lent, from time to nentofolfi. time, in part, orvi\{jx^^ole, pppp thqcre'it of any taxes or cers falaries, duties impofedr by	at fuch iqtctell for the forbear-

*c#	ance of fuch loan, as by^any aci lmpofing fuch taxes or duties,

or any other aft, shall be ntrilted; fne IntCreft of which fum of thirty thousand pounds fo referved, and maybeVNTued and applie^L, by like order of the faidfrqfo$;, or t^majo&apr* of them fo affqmbled, for and towards Myment	falyi^p

and allowances which, in manner afopefiuqn §}*11 be affigped the faid truftees to the officers and fervapts aftendjng or. affifting in the faid genital repofitpry, ajnd for and toward* yiq p^yp^qt , of fuch other coftsand chaises as the curfo4y and,p«(cr^qnt of the faid several colleftions, and the repair^or alWatiq^,^. the faid general repofitoryt and ^hq due $xecutfpao£,|wtjWl.

hereby

*5

1753-1 Anno vicesimo fcxto Georgii II. C. 23.

hereby repofed in the faid truftees, shall require: and if after payment of the (9id"firft-mentioned fum of twenty thousand pounds, and of thefaid firm of ten thousand ppunds, or part thereof, upotV'tfie' contingency herein before-mentioned, and after paytrierif-Of fcmuch money as the expence of ere&ine, or providing and Turhiftting the faid general repofitory, and of fuch cabindts,' bOok-c*fes, and other conveniences and embellifh-mefttt, and of maintaining or preferving the faid Mufeum or collection of Stir- MansShout at the faid manor houfe at , and of remdving'the Aid several collodions to the faid general repo- Thefurplus, fitory, fhan amOUht to, and if after refervingthe laft-mentioned the'fal fum of thirty thousand pounds for the purposes aforefaid, any ture difpofi-furplu* shall remain of the monies fo railed by virtue of this ad, tion of parlia-the fame fhalPbe referved for the future dilpofition of parlia- nie,*t * ment. •: •• ',,J •<	.

XLfiCi PTovided &lWays, That in the mean time, until fuch furptus (half be dift>ofed'6f by parliament, it shall be lawful to and fo*1 me fald traftees, or the major part of them fo aflembled as afprefiSdi■'to piace out or lend the laid furplus, or any part therajf*'rtpon futh fecurities, and upon fuch credit, as they are £,tercft° to*be herein bdfore impowered to place ont or lend the faid fum of applied’to the thirty thbu&nd pounds herein before direded to be referved, the ufe* of this proceed or interest thereof, until the principal money shall be fo aft-difpofed of by parliament, to be applied to fuch ufes, for the betteraccompWhing thedefign of this ad, as by the faid truftees, or the major part of them, in any general meeting aflembled,

(hall be limited and direded.

CAP. XXIII.

An a8for granting to bis Majesty a certain fum of money therein mentioned out of the Jinking fundi and for applying certain fifrplus monies remaining in the	,	for

'the fitrvice of the year one thousand feven hundred and and for the further appropriating the fupplies granted in. this session of parliament; and for enlarging the time limited by an a£l of the laft session of parliament forfubfiribiug annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and three pounds ten JhiUings per centum per annum, into the joint flock of annuities ■, and fop other purposes therein mentioned.

^Mqfl gracious Sovereign,

‘TTP'E your Majefty's moft dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the V y L commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, being ddupiu to raiife the necefiary fupplies which we have chearfully grahtOT to your Majesty in this feflion of parliament, for the . lervictr of the year one thousand (even hundred and fifty three in the di&n manner we' are able for the benefit of your Majesty’s affo td ufe fuch ways and means therein, as that youF Pretty1 mstyhavc the better and-more fpcedy effed of this

G 3	faid





ft*	Anno	vicefimo	facto	Georgii	IL	c.	13,	£	1;

laid fupplies, have refolved to give and grant unto, youk. iJlM fty the sum of foar hundred ana twenty thousand pounds out< the furplufles, excedes and overplus monies, or other revenues compofing the finking fund ; and to that end and purpoje 3o moll humbly befeech your Majesty, that it may beenadted; and be it enafted by the Kjng's molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal’and commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That by or out of fuch monies as now a tie, or lhall from time to time be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the faid furpluftes, excefies, and overplus monies, or other revenues compofing the finking fund (after paying1 or referving fufficient to pay afi fuch fum and fums of money as have been directed by ?ny former aft or afts of parliament to be paid out of the fame) there lhall and may be iflued and .plied a fum not exceeding the laid fum of four hundred and the&nkinz 'twenty thousand pounds, for and towards the ftlppfy granted to fund, for the hi? Majesty for tne fervice of the year one thousand leven hun-ftrvice of the dred and fifty three; and the commilfioners of his Majefty** current year, treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three pr more of the commilfioners of the treasury for the time being, are hereby authorized and iropowered jo iffue and apply the fame accordingly, with the for- IT- And be it further enafted by the authority afore|aid,>f%kt «h^r fums in the (urn of one hundred thouland four hundred eighty two the exchequer, hounds fourteen fhillings and three pence halfpenny, remaihtAg m the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, on the two fever® for the addi- ^arts of the additional rates and duties of excife, granted by^i tional duties aft of the fifth year of the reign of their late tnajefties I of excife;	WURam and Queen Mary; and the sum of feVenty nine thdu _

Surplus of die* cjght hundreTtwelve pounds and fixteen shillings, remaining funds for the the receipt of his Majesty s exchequer, of the forplus of J lottery 171+. funds for the lottery in the year of our Lord one tboufand'rei 54,5801. 9s. hundred and fourteen; ana the sum of fifty four thouTafidlife

Atonal duties . ^ndrcd e*Sh‘y P°.U.nds and ni"e fhil,i"SS> on low wines, chequer of the additional duties on low wines fcnd fmfltutfos

&c. granted # liquors, granted by several acts of the fixteertth	^

by 16 & 34 fourth years of his Majesty’s reign; and alfo tfte:%ft^of 1^0 *1 s e>ghteen thousand thirty five pounds nine (hillings ±ric( thfjce jq*°overplus' farthings, now remaining in the exchequer, being thewerfetus or the grants of the grants for the fervice of the year one tnou&r\d fe^en unapproDriat- hundred and fifty two, but not applied to the fervice elf fh^t td, for the	yi*ar> fViall and may be iflued and applied at the faid rfcceipf^'as

year ^751.	part of the fupply granted to his Majesty for the fervice pf/thc

year one thousand ltven hundred and fifty three; an/ thing In this or any former aft or afts of parliament to the contrary there* of in any wife notwithftanding.

in. Provided always, and it is hereby further	U^	the

authority aforefaid. That all the monies coming into"4he exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bill^ 'ipoh^^ feflion of parliament, (intituled, 4%cotgti^ing <u$gr<)nt~

Appropriation of the fupplies..

igitiz^d b\

♦TI A 1 O *L

*753-1 Anno vicesimo fexto Georgii II. c. 22.

"r r. ' OJfiU 7frt I	w

ing to bit Majefiy certain duties upon malt3 mumy cyder, and perry-,TIlc monies for the fervice of the year one thoufandfcvcn hundred and fifty three;	^

and for enlarging the time limited by an aft of the lajlfejfion ofparliamentma ac for Jubfcribing annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, into the joint flock of annuities therein mentioned) and fo much money (if any fuch be) of the duties thereby granted, as. shall arife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills, made or to be made on the fame ad, and all the intercft, premium, rate, and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raifing the faid duties shall be fatisfied, or money fufficient shall be referved in the exchequer to fatisfy and discharge the fame; and alfo all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other aft of this feflion of parliament, (intituled. An act for granting an ^ iaila tax aid to his Majejly by a land-tax to be raifed in Great Britain for the	*

firvice of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty three) and fo much money (if any fuch be) of the tax thereby granted as shall arife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame ad, and all the intereft, premium, rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raifing the faid land-tax, shall be fatisfied, or money fufficient shall be referved in the exchequer to fatisfy and difeharge the fame\ and the sum of one hundred thousand four hundred and other eighty two pounds fourteen (hillings and three pence halfpenny, fums remain-remaining in the exchequer, on the two feventh parts of the ad-	,n th(^ex-

J fWal rates and duties of excife, granted by an ad of the fifth che£luer> of the reign of their late majesties King Wiliam and Queen and the sum of feventy nine thousand eight hundred dve pounds and fixteen shillings, remaining in the exchequer,

; the furplus of the funds for the lottery, in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and fourteen ; and the fum pf fifty four thousand five hundred eighty pounds and nine shillings, remaining in the exchequer of the additional duties on low wines and fpirituous liquors, granted by several ads of the fixteenth and twenty fourth years of his Majesty’s reign ; and the sum of eighteen thousand thirty five pounds nine (hillings and three farthings, remaining in the exchequer, being the overplus' of the grants for the fervice of the year one thousand feven niJLtidred and fifty two, but not applied to the fervice of that year j and alfo the sum of four hundred and twenty thousand poqods by this ad granted, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, for and towards the ievcral ufes and pdrpofes herein after exprefled ; that is to fay, it is hereby en- viz. 800,106 I. aided and declared by the authority aforefaid, That out of all 13 *• *1 d-/or of any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there shall and nava* ^rvicc3-may be ifliied and applied, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding eight hundred thousand two hundred fix pounds thirteen lbiUings and eleven pence, for or towards the naval fervices herein after particularly exprefled ; that is to fay, for or towards yi(duals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for or towards fea

G 4.	fervices

*0,0001. tO

Greenwich

hofpital.

88	Anno ylcefimo fexto Gforgii II.	[1753;

fervices in theoffice of( ordnance, performedand to )^|«rform-ed, and for or towards defraying the ordinary of ;hU Majeft/s r.	navy, and for half-pay to fea officers, for the ye*r one thoufand

! feven hundred and fifty 'three. .	*	j	*

IV.	And it is hereby alfo enacted by the authority aforefaid. That out of all or anv the aids pr fupplies aforefaid, ther^f^all and may be iflued and applied, any fumor fums of moocjyvftot exceeding ten thoufand. pounds, upon account, towardsiiie 6tpr port of the royal hofpital at Greenwich, for the better roaiote^ nance of the teamen of the faid hofpital, worn out ^nd become decrepit in the fervice of their country.

V.	And be it hereby alfo ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (ball and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of qaopey not

116,5061. 1 s. exceeding one hundred uxteen thousand five hundred fix pounds t d. to the of- one (hilling and three pence, for the charge of the office of ce o or - or(jnancc for land fervice, for the year one thousand fevcp;hun-dred and fifty three, performed and to be performed, for defraying the extraordinary expence of the office of, ordnance for land fervice, not provided tor by parliament.

VI.	Anditishereby alfo enaded, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there shall and may be iliudd tod applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one mijliojofoltf feven thousand twenty one pounds and eleven pence halfpenny, for and towards maintaining his Majesty’s land forces, }and other fervices, herein after more particularly exprefledj ’that is to fay, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding fix hundred twenty eight thousand three hundred fifteen pounds feven (hillings and eleven pence, for defraying the charge of eighteen thousand eight hundred and fifty feven effe&ive men, including

... Great’Bri- cotnmiflion and non-commiflion officers, and alfo one thoufima tain, Guern- eight hundred and fifteen invalids, for guards, garrifons, tod fey, and Jer- other his Majesty’s land forces in Great Britain, Guernsey arid ffy \	Jcrfey, for the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty three j

nance for land fervice.

1,067,01 il.

11 d. 1 q. to the land force*, viz.

01 •

to t1'

**8,3141.78 tfrfditor guards? and garrifons, See in ^.

*36^*01. i8a*an<1 an/ ^um or ^ums raoney» not exceeding two hundred thirty fix

ix thousand four hundred twenty pounds eighteen"(hillings’ and fix pence halfpenny, for maintaining his Majefty?s forces and garrifons in the plantations, Minorca, 2nd Gibraltar, UnA for provifions for the garrifons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar zn& Providence, tor the yearone thousand feven hundred and fifty three j and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding fifty .	eight	thoufand two hundred feventy pounds fifteen (hillings and

Gibraltar and ^ve Pence uPon account, for out-penfioners of Chelfea Hofpital, Providence. for the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty three; and any fom or fums of money not exceeding fifty eight thousand pounds, upon account of the reduced officers of his Maiefty’s land forces

6 d. 2 q. for the plantations, Minorca and Gib* raltar, and for proviffcnt for Nova Scotia; New-

58,170 b 158 5 d. to out-penfioners of

?. atid marines, for the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty ^e ea opi-	fubjeft	t0	fucfi	ruies	t0	be	obferved	in the application

$8,oool. to	of the faid halfpay, as are hereafter preferibed concerning the

reduced offi- fame 5 and any fum or fums of money not exceeding four thou-i	fand two hundred eighty eight pounds five (hillings and five

pence, for defraying the charge for allowances to the several officers

 v^c ae

1753.3	Anno viccfimo fexto Georgii II. c. 23.	89

gentlemen of the two troops of horfe, guards, 4*181. 5 s. sd. of horfe, reduced, and to the fuperannuated gentle- to **** h^c IQHfo?'the four tfobps of horfe guards, for the year one thou- feduced j C* fand feven hundred and fifty three; and any fum or fums of 3,0361. to wi-itiot&y not (exceeding three tnoufand and thirty fix pounds, for dows of half-oenfions to the widows of fuch reduced officers of his W officcrl* Majefty's fand forces and marines as died upon the eftablifhment of ha!£pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them be-f&tt the twenty fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred and fixteen, for the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty three; which faid fum of three thousand and thirty fix poftihd9, fhali be iflued to fuch person or persons as his Majesty (hall, by warrant or warrants under his royal fign manual, direct and appoint to receive the fame, to be by him or them paid over* to filch widows of half-pay officers, or their affigns, according- itifudi eftablifhments, lifts, or other dire&ions, and with and fubjetf to fuch conditions, qualifications, and other allow-andesfor the fame, as his Majesty, by fuch and the like warrant ’or warrants, shall be gracioufly pleafed to direct and appoint; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding twenty a6t6g« J. I3 u fix tboUfand fix hundred eighty nine pounds thirteen (hillingssd. forex tra-andfeight pence, for defraying the extraordinary expences ofhisordinwy Majesty’s land forces, and other fervices, incurred in the yearpen^es m on* thousand feven hundred and fifty two, and not provided for17s%' by parliament; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding ' twenty thoufend pounds, to enable his Majesty to make good theEleftor of hisengagernents with the eledlor of Bavariay purfuant to treaLy \ Bavaria, ahd-any ram or fums of money not exceeding thirty two thoui 31,000!. to the fanApptonds, to enable his Majesty to make good his engage- King of Po-mehtswith the King of Poland, elector of Saxony, purfuant to lan<h treaty.

1 VH. And k h hereby alfo enafled by the authority aforefaid,

Tfeaf.-01ft of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there shall 47,4481. 3s. and rtlay be iflued and applied any lum or fums of money not 10d. towards tateeditig forty feven thousand four hundred forty eight pounds Nov* fiWfilings and ten pence, upon account, for defraying the ScoUa111 li$um ehrtgto incurred by fupporting and maintaining the fettlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia in the year one thousand fcveft'hundred and fifty two, and not provided for by parliament ; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding forty feven 47,167k 61. thoufend one hundred sixty feven pounds fix (hillings and fix 6d* to the faid pence; upon account, for nipporting and maintaining the fettle- p^fent yea^^ merit of his Majesty’s colony of Nova Scotia* for the year one^ y thousand feven hundred and fifty three.

VIII: And it is hereby alio enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That but of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there shall 7»9l6*9 £ and may be iflued and applie.d any fum or fums of money not exceeding feVen thousand nine hundred fixteen pounds nineteen $rional (lamp (hftliogs and eleven pence, to replace to the finking fund the like duties at fum paid dtft of the lame to make good the deficiency of the ad- Chriftmaa ditfetfal ftamp duties at Chtiffmas one thousand feven hundred 17 1	and



(lands. 2,0001. to Wcftminfter Bridge.

Ahnd rkefilno fe*t6 ^EokGlt ¥f/ fi.r'S£

74.9I. jt. 3d. and fifty one; and any futh or form of riloney not excising T_ *qt?-S*al5e v** hundred forty hint? pounds three (hillings artdthftde Dertej msonHcen^ <kahpenny, toreplace to the faid (inking fund tt)e lifcelurft paM ce$ for retail- QUfc oHhe fame t© toake good the deficiency of fhfe ddty on ing of fpiritu-ioences for retailing Of f|>?rituous liquors at Lady Day orte thou-? ari *IC}^or4	fend feven hundred and fifty two; and any fuhi or fitattof tho-

irf/. dy ™y nc* exceeding nine thousand eight hundred forty fix potinSk 9,84.61.3s. jfi.' three (hillings and three pCnce halfpenny, to replace to the fajSl aq. to make finking fund the like fum paid out of trie fame, to make gob4 good the du- the deficiency of the duty of twelve (hillings a barrel on fweets atCMichad-tS or wmcs made from Britifh or foreign fruit or fugar at MtcfctuK mas 1752. mas one thoutknd feven hundred and fifty two ; and any fum or 2,2x4!. at. 3d. fums of money not exceeding two thousand two hundred foutv tocapt. Ver- ten pounds, two (hillings and three pence, to be applied and in°Sheepev * Pa^ to	JW*	Vernon, in full fatisfa&ion of all his d^-

where the fort tnands on, claims to, or interest in forty acres of land in the of Sheernefs iftand of Sheepey, in the county of Kent, now in the po/fe(8on ^of the crown, whereoh the fort of Sbeernifs (lands j and any foifft ©r fums of money not exceeding two thousand pounds towards enabling the commiflioners for building a bridge crofs the river Thames from the city of IVeJtminJier to the oppofite (hore Id t^e county of Surrey, to maintain the laid bridge, and to perform walrit inaldn °^cr tru^s repofed in them ; and any film or fums of m6-a road fiom”8 not **®**ding three thousand pounds, towards laying o^t Carlifle to	making and/keeping in repair a road proper foi the paflagp qf

Mewcaftle.	troops and carriages from the city of Carlijle to the town of Neu)-

16000I to	*#M*upon7jw/; and any fum or lums of money not exceeding fii-

the fettle-	tcenthoufend pounds, towards building a fort at Annambo,*^^*

merits on the ♦ maintenance and fupport of that and other Britijb forts and fet-coaft of Afri- dements upon thecoaftx>f Africa, to be applied in foch marina: w*	as his Majesty shall think proper ; and any fum or fums of mo-

*,6121. tothe :ftey nc* exceeding two thousand fix hundred and thirty ivtd civil eftablHh-' pounds, upon account, for defraying the charges of the civil xxientof Geor- eftabHfhment of his Majesty’s colony of Georgia, and other ih-***•	cidental expences attending the fame from the furrender of ttne

,	Charter to his Majesty by the late truftees on the twenty fourth

v	Of June one thousand feven hundred and fifty two, tb the tw&i-

! i	ty fourth of 7unr one thousand feven hundred and fifty three*

"Thefeaid*to IX. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid* toe applied on- That the faid aids and fupplies provided as aforefaid, shall trot

^ftreranifi- *^uec* or aPP^cc* t0 any Intent or purpofe whatfd-- ’ever, other than the ufes and purposes before mentioned ( or for the several deficiencies or other payments directed to be fa-tisfied thereout by any a£l or acts, of any particular cJaofe 6r daufes for that purpofe, contained in any other a<X a#$ of this present session of parliament.	'	^

X.	And as to the faid fum of fifty eight thousand pounds by this a<ft appropriated on account of half-pay as aforefaid,;it is hereby enaefted and declared by the authority aforefaid,^That the rules herein after preferibed shall be duly obferved lft tne application of the faid half-pay * that is to fey, That no perfba ^	(hall

oned.

Rules to be ©bferved in

 

mi-}

9*

Anno viafemo fexto GjsqRGnII. c. 23.

or receive any part oftbe feme, who was amibor, tbe apaiica. tUe age of fixteen year*, at the time when the regr- °* **>*

qd. or enmnanv. in which "he	was	r«Huce<ti

p, or company, in which lie ferved, was reduced} ion shall have or receive any part of the fame, except fiif^perfoqs who did adual fervice in fome regiment, troop or cofppany ; that no person having any other place or employ* m$ht of profit, civil or military, under bis Majesty, shall have effective any part of the faid half-pay; that no chaplain of any g&rifon or regiment, who has any ecclefuftical benefice in Great /Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any part of the faid halfpay ; that no person shall have or receive any part of the fame, who has reGgned his commiffion, and has had no commiffion %ce i that no part of the fame shall be allowed to any person by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to fuch per-Ions who would have been otherwife intitled to the lame as reduced officers ; and that no part of the fame shall be allowed to any. of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot lately di(banded in Ireland, except to fuch as * were lately taken off the eftablifliment of half-pay in Great

nut,of the (inking fund, and for enabling bis Majesty to raise a further fum of money therein alfo mentioned by exchequer bills to tie charged on thelaid (inking fund, for the fervice of the year	i

one thouund feven hundred ami fifty two, and for the further ^appropriating the fupplies granted in this session of parliament) fiveral fupplies which had been granted to his	as	is	therein

/Mentioned, wire appropriated to several ufes and purposes therein foffid; amongft which any fum or fums of money not exceeding Jtfojfand pounds was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his	t

'fifty s landforces and marines, fubjett nevertbclefs to fuch rules to hferved in the application of the Jaid half-pay, as in and •faid oft were	preferibedin that behalf: now it is hereby provid-	'*

Ijpdj, enabled and declared by the authority aforefaid, That fomuch m jhe faid fum of sixty thousand pounds, as is or shall be more ®Te.rP|u* Jman fufficient to fatisfy the faid reduced officers, according to rules preferibed by the faid ad to be obferved in the appfica-'tion thereof, or any part of fuch overplus, shall and may be dif- obpfhof ch*. poled of to fuch officers who are maimed or loft their limbs in rify “	>j

the late wars, or fuch others as by reafon of their long fervice, y

or'otherwife, his Majesty shall judge to be proper objects of charity, or to the widows or children of fuch officers, according to fuch warrant orwarrants under his Majesty’s royal fign manual.

as shall be figned in that behalf; any thing in this ad or the find]former ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	And whereas by an ail made in this session of parliament, in-G

tfifiUd, An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain l6t’eo' Julies upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the fervice of .l6e. yc^r one thoufend feven hundred, and fifty three; and for

enlarging



9*

Anno vicesimo 4aax> Geo*cut If,	* [ tygj,

enlarging the time limited by an aft of the lift fcffiott of jttfiia-ment for fubfcribing annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, into the joimftock of aftnifrto tioned, reciting that by an aft made in thelujt Mien of pMrikumenf, c#»7* intituled. An act for converting the fereiw Mnuititt Mrti^ mentioned into several joint ftocks of annuities transferable at the bank of England, to be charged on the finking fend j *hd alfo for confotidating the several other annuities thereto mentioned into several joint ftocks of annuities transferable afc tbe South-Sea Houfe, books were directed to be prepared for receiving tie fubfcription or confent of fuch of the proprietors of several annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, as ftnutt fubfcribe the fame into the joint flock of annuities in the faid aft defeated, at any time between the twenty fourth day of June one them-fand /even hundred and fifty two, and the fifth day of January oka thonfandfeven hundred and fifty three indufive, and no longer; and further reciting, that the greatefi part of the faid annuities had been fuifcribed accordingly, and that feme of the proprietors of fuch part of the fold annuities as remained unfabfcribed, might be defirous that the time for fuch fubfcription Jhould be enlarged, which would alfo be of advantage to ibe public k $ it was enabled, That the governor ant company of the bank of England jhould caufe fuch books as had been fire* pared according to the directions of the faid aft, far receiving the Jkfc- * Jcription of the proprietors of the faid annuities tnto the faid joint/hit-of annuities, to be kept open at the bank of England for that purppfai in fuch manner as by the faid aft made in the Taft fejfion of parfiaekmt is directed, to the fifth day of April, one thonfand feven hundred^ and fifty three, inch five, being the time limited by the faid aft f to i the fubfcription of other annuities, after the rate of three pound* tfte JbiUings per centum per annum ; and that fuch proprietors eft hi' faid annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per anndtft £ -as bad not fubfcribei the fame into the faid joint flock of annstifksi 1 their refpeftive attornics, reprefentatives or ajfignsy and attpeffani authorized by the faid aft to fubfcribe for them before the faidfifib ~ day of January one tboufand /even hundred and fifty thr#,\fibul4 -have power to make fuch fubfcription without fee or charge, at dfiy time before the faid fifth day of April one thonfand [even hundred and fifty three, and tlxttfuehfubfcription jhould be as vtfidand eff9&> * tuat to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been made before the faid fifth day of January one tboufandfaven hundred and fifty three: and whereas although the greatefi part as well of the faid'Mi±

-	unities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, as

'of the faid annuities after the rate of three pounds ten JbiUtysjyet • centum per annum, bath been fubfribed, wording to the direfyn of the faid afts made in the lafi and in the firefent jefaon of parfia^ mcnt, but part thereof fiill remains unfabfcribed: and whereas the enlarging of the time for the fubfcription of the faid annuities after the rate of three pounds ten Jkillings per centum per annum, and the further enlarging of the time for the fubfcription of the faid annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, may be a benefit to fuch of the proprietors (f the faid several annuities as

have



91

*763$ J Anpo.TicdfimD fexto Gjsqrgji II. c. 24.

havg^mtyitrfifflliPfd, tbtjkm, and will dftbt of advantage to fuilif kfcrfee if imuSfod by the authority aforefaid, That the go- Books to be ver^WrM^ AOBipauyjfOf. the,bank of England, shall caufe fuch kept °p<n at bcjfl^:a?.ha»eiheeo prepared according to the direction of the t®e0^?nlc t0 failed, nradeinfcbe {sftfeflion of parliament, for receiving the receiving* fufocgiptrtmtpfthe proprietors of the fajd several annuities into the fub'crip-thft.faid federal joint flocks of annuities, to be kept open at the , dons of the banh-nt'i England for that purpofe, in fuch manner, as by the P.roPn't°r*

fedifeded, to the tenth day of Qilober one thousand j^bed annui-fcy<tn hundred and fifty three, inclufive; and fuch proprietors ties, of,-(he laid several annuities as have not already fubfcribed thp fa vie in to thefaid several joint flocks of annuities, their refped-ivexattoroies, reprelentatives or afligns, and all persons authorized- by-thefaid ad to fubfcribe for them, shall have power to make fuch foWcription without fee or charge, at any time before the faid tenth day of	OScber one thousand feven hundred and fifty three ;

and 6>Ch fublcriptjons shall be as valid and effectual to all intents and pvtrpofes, as if the fame had been made before the faid fifth... day-pf.,January, or fifth day of April one thousand feven hun- -. dr^dand fifty three; and that all fuch proprietors of any part such ofthe-of thej&id several annuities remaining unfubfcribed, as (haU not proprietors as before the faid tenth day of Oflobtr one thpufand feven hundred (haj1 not f“b-and fifty three by themfelves, or by their refpedive attornies, 5Sbettheir reprefentatives or afiigns, or the persons authorized by the laida> en * adm#d£ in the left session of parliament, to fubfcribe for thenar \ denlam and fignify, by fubferibing m the fame or other books totheth^pt open at the bank of England for this purpofe,. under a proper preface, their names and places of abode, with other prop>er.additions, their diflent to the converting their annuities intnthf faid refpedive joint (locks of annuities in the faidad def-crihcdtnihaU have the benefit of the faid ads made in> the lad andpffifiuu feflion of parliament, and of this present ad, in as full, andampie manner as if they had refpedively fubfcribed their faid annuities purfuant to the diredion of either of the faid ads ; and v-that the (aid annuities, the refpedive proprietors whereof rt,e;r ,nnui-lhalf nctt,r on .ox before the (aid tenth day of Qflobir one thou- iks to be con-fand fonen hundred and fifty three, fo exprefs fuch diflent, fhall,- Validated, frou^and after the faid tenth day of Oflobtr one thousand feven • hundred .and fifty three, be converted into the faid refpedive joint decks of .annuities in the faid ad of. the lad fefiion of. par- - ■ liamsmtdofctibed.

s'-'-'	CAP.	XXIV.	"

Aridfl' for allowing further time for inrblment of deeds' and wills made pifts \ and for rdkf of proteftadt purctiafcrt, devices and Leflecs.

B*pv 7v**gNmtedlQ r Jan. 1754*

M u	s	-	'	■	•	-	-

•\Y v o-.i ' c , v	'	>	' v.

vW . * .	’	.	,

•	,fl	>	•	1	■

*’	'	'	v	'	CAP.



1 Anno Tkefimo iexto Georoii II. c.45: CAP. XXV.



jin aR to render mere effectual a*	Htjetfib

year of the reign of her late	Queen	Aline,'	'luj

tuled., An a& for providing a publick reward for facb person or persons as lhall difcoverthe longitude at fe», with regard to the making experiments of for difcovering the longitude; to enlarge the of tommjftoners for putting in execution the fatd aR. y

i* Ann. ft. c» i^»

14 Geo. 1. c. J9.

WHEREAS by on aft of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, inti tided, An act for providing a publick reward foriuch person persons as shall difeover the longitude at fea, the commijfioners therein and thereby named and conflicted, or any Jive or more of them, have full pouter to hear and receive any propofal or propofols that Jpall be made to them for difeovering the Jaid longitude; and in caft fhe faid commijfioners, or any five or more of them, /hall be fo far faffs-fed of the probability of any fuch difeovery* as to think it proper , to make experiment thereof they Jhall certify the fame under their bands and feats to the commijfioners of the navy for the time beings together with the persons names who art authors of fuch propofols; and ufiott producing fuch certificate, the faid commijfioners are thereby authorized and required to mate out a bill or bills for any fuch fum orfums afrrp-ney not exceeding two thousand pounds, as the Jaid commijfioners for pfie discovery of the faid longitude, or any five or more of tnem fhalj thmi necejfdry for making the experiments, payable by the treasurer qf the navy: which fum orfums the treasurer of the navy is by the faid aft required to pay immediately to fuch person or persons as shall be appointed by the commijfioners for discovery of the faid longitude tq male thofe experiments, out of any money that shall be in bis hands unapplied for the ufe of the navy: and whereas for a due and fufficietft encouragement to any fuch person or persons as shall difeover a prefer methodfor finding the faid longitude, it is Ukewife enafted by the find aft, That thefirft author or authors, difeoverer or difeoverers qf aky fitch method, his or their executors, adminiflrators or ajfigns, fball oe, Intitled to and have fuch reward, as in the faid aft is particularly, mentioned: and whereas by another aft of parliament made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majejly, intituled, A ft acfticjr furveying the chief ports and head lands on the coaftsofGfeqe Britain and Ireland, and the islands and plantations thereto belonging, in order to the more exa& determination of the IongU tude and latitude thereof $ reciting in. part the faid aft of parliament made in the twelfth year of the feign of her faid late Majefiy Queen Anne; and alfo reciting that it was abfofutely necefiaryjor making the discovery ufejul at Jea, and for the fecurity of Jbip^ approaching near the/bores that the chief ports and head lands oafhe coafis of Great Britain and Ireland* and the islands and plantations thereto belonging, Jhould be firfi Jurveyed, and the longitude an£ latitude of fuch places determined more exaftly than had then bee^L dptie, and Ukewife reciting that fome doubts bad ariftn, whether by ibe words

 kjOOQle

99

1753.] Anno vicesimo fexto Georgii II. c. 25.

of the Jaidaftof parliament made in the twelfth year of Queen Anne, the faid fum of two thousand pounds appointed for making fuch experiments^ *r\any part thereof , could be applied for fuch furvey, or fix- , ing the longitude or latitude of fuch places, it was enabled by thefaid aft made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his prefetit Majefly, That the faid coi mtnijjioners for difcovering the longitude, or any five or more of them, Jhould have full power to apply fuch part of the faid fum of two thousand pounds mentioned in the faid firjl recited aft, as bad not then been bid out in experiments, as they Jhould think necejfary for the making fuch furvey, and determining the longitude and latitude of the chief ports and head lands on the coafis of Great Britain and Ireland, and the ijlands and plantations thereto belonging ; and lb* fuck fum or fums, part of the faid two thousand pounds, which the faid eommijfioncrs or any five or more of them, Jhould think neceffary, Jhould be paid immediately by the treasurer of the navy to fuch person or persons as Jhould be appointed by the faid commijfioners fit'the difcovery of the longitude to make fuch furvey, and determine filch longitude and latitude, cut of the money that Jhould be in the hands of fuch treasurer unapplied for the ufe of the navy: and whereas a competent number of the faid commijfioners for the discovery of the faid longitude have (by virtue of the powers veiled in them by the faid aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen AnneJ heard and received fever al propofals made to them at different times for dif-xovering the faid longitude, and were fo far fatisfied of the probabilities cf fuch difcoverics, that they thought it proper to make experiments thereof and accordingly certified the fame from time to time to the commijfioners of the navy for the time being, together with the name of majler John Harrifon, who was author of the faid pro-P'ofalpi whereupon bills were made out for several fums of money, a-mounting in the whole to one thoujand two hundred and fifty pounds, atlivhicb refpeftive fums were paid to the faid John Harrifon by the treasurer of the navy, purfuant to the dir eft ions of the faid lajl mentioned aft of parliament, as parts of the faid two thousand pounds therein mentioned; which the find commijfioners for difcovering the longitude thought necejfary for making the faid experiments : and Xpher/tis a like competent number of the faid commijfioners for the discovery of the faid longitude did (by virtue and in purjuance of the > powers vejled in them by the faid several above-mentioned aftsof par-libtycni) appoint majler William Whilton to furvey and determine the. longitude and latitude of the chief ports and head lands on the coajls cf Great Britain and Ireland, and the funds and plantations thereto belonging : and did alfo apply the further fum offive hundred pounds [other part of the faid fum of two thousand pounds mentioned in the faid ft made in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne) which they thought necessary for the making fuch furvey, and determining the faid lajl -mentioned longitude and latitude, and which faid fum of five hundred pounds was paid to the faid William Whifton accordingly by the treasurer of the navy : and whereas by reafon of the several payments made by the trcajyrer of the navy to the faid John Harrifon and William Whillon rejpeftively as aforeJaid\ amounting in the whole to one thoujand feven hundred and fifty pounds, the Jaid

com-

 ^ooQle

96

Anno vicesimo fexto Georgii II. c. 25.	1^753}

oommiffoners for difcovering the faid logi tude have at prefenty by virtue of the Jaid aftsjf parliament, power only to apply the sum of two hundred and fifty pounds, and no more (being the remainder of the faid two thousand pounds) towards making any further experiments which they may think proper andnecejfary to be made, in order to dif-cover the faid longitude: and whereas from the experiments which have already been made in purfuance of the powers vefted in the faid commissioners as afore faid, there is great reafon to expeft, that by continuing to encourage ingenious persons, to invent and make further improvements and experiments, in order to difeover the faid longitude, fuch difeoveries may at length be produced, as will effectually anfwer that end, and thereby contribute very much to the advantage of the trade and honour of this kingdom: therefore for enabling the faid commiflioners to caufe fuch further experiments to be made as they shall think proper for thepurpofes aforefaid ; be it ena&ed by the King's moft excellent maiefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflembled,andby the authority of the fame. The commit* That the faid commiflioners conftitu ted by the faid a & of parlia-fioncr* condi- mCnt made in the twelfth year of the reign of the late Queen Ann. /. ic. dlniUy for the discovery of the longitude at fea, and for examin-impowered to ing, trying and judging of all propofals, experiments and im-receive propo- provements relating to the fame or any five or more of them (als for difeo- have full power to near and receive any propofal or propofals fenffifude ^at ^avc °ecn or hereafter be made to them for difeover-and where ing the faid longitude at fea ; and in cafe the (aid commiflioners they think	or any five or more of them, shall be fo far fatisfied of the pro-

proper to	bability of any fuch propofal or discovery as to think it proper to

ments*tf»ey m^e experiment thereof, they shall certify the fame under their are to* certify hands and feals to the commiflioners of the navy for the time the (kmc, and being, together with the persons names who shall be the authors the author's Gf fuch propofals ; and upon producing fuch certificate, the commissioners of the navy are hereby authorized and re-of the navy, quired to make out a bill or bills for any fuch fum or fums of who are to money not exceeding two thousand pounds, over and above the make out a aforefaid fum of two hundred and fifty pounds, being the remain* I'mitei a!C« der lhe tw0 thousand pounds mentioned in the laid ad made 1 m in the twelfth year of the reign of the late Queen Anne, as the faid commiflioners for the discovery of the faid longitude, or any five or more of them shall think neceflary for making any experiments in purfuance of this ad, or either of the faid former ads above-mentioned, payable by the treasurer of the navy; which fum or fums the treasurer of the navy for the time being is hereby required to pay immediately to fuch person or persons as shall be appointed by the commissioners for the discovery of the faid longitude to make thofe experiments, out of any money that shall be in his the faid treafurer*s hands unapplied for the ufe of the navy.

II. And whereas many of the commissioners appointed by the faid aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late Majefly Spueen Anne arc dtectafed: be it therefore enabled by the authority a-

forefaid.

(hall be thought ne-ceffary.

to be paid to the person making the experiment

Additional

commiffioners

appointed.



1753*1 Anno viceflAio fexto GeorGii II. C. 26*	97

fore faid, That the governor of the royal hoflpital for feamen at Additional Greenwich for the time being, the judge of the high dourt of admiralty for the time being; the fecretaries of the treasury for the time being, the fecretary of the admiralty for the time being, and the comptroller of the navy for the time being, shall be, and they are hereby added to and joined with fuch 6f the com-miflioners appointed by the faid aIt for difcovering thef longitude as are furviving; and the faid persons hereby appointed commiflioners, shall and may alt, to all intents and purpofes, for putting in execution the faid former alts and this present alt, as fully and effeltually as if they had been appointed commifilon-ers by the faid alt made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majcfty Queen Anne.

CAP. XXVI.

An act to permit persons prof effing the Jewilh religion to be naturalized by parliament •* and for other purposes therein mentioned, Rep.

WHEREAS by an aft made in thefeventh year of the reign7lJat. t. c.**.

of King James the Firjl, intituled^ An alt that all Arch as are ta be naturalized or reftored in blood, shall firft receive tte facrament of the Lord’s fupper, and the oath of allegiance, and the oath of fupremacy ; every person whoJball apply to be no*	,	,

turatized by a ft of parliament* being of the age of eighteen years or upwards* is required to receive the facrament of the Lords Juppct within oke month before the bill for fuch naturalization be exhibited whereby many persons of conftderable fub/lance prof effing the Jewifti religion are prevented from being naturalized by bill to be exhibited in pdrtktment for that purpofe; and whereas by an aft made in the thirteenth year of his present Majejlfs reign* intituled* An a€t for na- tjGco.a.c* f* turtUizing fuch foreign proteftants, and others therein mentioned, are) fotfled, or shall fettle in any of his Majesty’s colo-nies itVAmerioer* persons prof effing the Jewilh religion who have in-hcMtei wnd refried* or Jball inhabit and refute for the fpace of feven' yedto+r more in any of his Majejlfs colonies in America, and Jball nottfsa&e'bten abfent out of fome of the faid colonies for a longer fpace them'two months at any one time during the faid fevenyears* are no-tuP&lis&d upon their complying with thb terms therein mentioned* without* their receiving the facrament of the Loris fupper; be it there- ' foreehfe&ed, fcfr.

Jews, upon application to parliament, may be naturalized without talcing ~ the facrament. Ctaufe to be inierted in every bill, futye&ing the period to the disabilities espreffed in i Geo. i. c, 4. No person to be naturalised -who hai not refided in Great Britain or Ireland for three years, with-	,	•

oat being abfent more than three months at One time, and who shall not bring prdor of his having profelTed the Jewifh religion for three years be-fore. Jews dHabled from purchaffing or inheriting any advowton^or rigW of patronage, See, Repealed 17 Geo. a. c* 1.

Vot. XXL	H

CAP.



98	-	Anno	vicefimo	fcxco	Georgii tl. 0.27,28;	tl753*

CAP. XXVII.

An ail to confirm certain aits and orders made by juftices of the peace being of the Quorum, notwitbjlanding any deficit in not expreffing therein that fiucb jujtices of the peace are of the Quorum.

WHEREAS authority is given by divers aits of parliament to two or moreiuftices of the peace y whereofone or more are to be of the Quorum : and whereas divers aiisy orders, adjudications, war-rantsy confirmations of indentures, and other inftruments done, made and executed, by two or more juftices of the peacey without expreffing that they arey or that one of them tsy of. the Quorum, have been and may bey for that reafon only impeached, fet a fide and vacated: be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament affembled, and by the autho-No aft or or^ r-|ty 0f the fame. That from and after the twenty fourth day of more iufticeT June *n year one thousand feven hundred and fifty three, to°be vacated no aft, order, adjudication, warrant, indenture of apprentice-for defeft on- fhip, or other inftrument already made, done or executed, or \y, in not ex* hereafter to be made, done or executed, by two or more juftices preding that Qf tke peace> which doth not exprefs that one or more of the otfuch^ft^- Ju^lces *s or are °f the §>uorumy shall be impeached, fet a-ce* are ot the fide or vacated, for that defeft only; any law, ftatute or ufage quorum. to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXVIII.

An ail far the preventing of the inconvemencies and dangers that may arife from the present methods of digging gravel\ fandy ftoney cbalky and other materials, on the several commons and wafte grounds within this kingdom, for the repair of the highway sy and for other purpofes.

WHEREAS it is become a commonpraffice to get materiaheut of commonsy heaths and wafte grounds, for the repairs of the highways of this kingdomy and for other purpofes9 and to leave the pits and holes thereby occafioned open and dangerous: for remedy whereof, may it pleafe your Majesty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal and commons in this present parliament affembled, and by the Gravel pit* authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fourth &c. to be fenc- day of June one thousand feven hundred and fifty three, if any ed during the person or persons shall by reafon of getting any gravel, fand, n^rameilonc^ or chalk, or other materials, for repairing any highway *n. kCpt or ^or any ot^cr PurP°fe whatfoever, make or caufe to be made ^ *	any pit or hole in any common, heath or wafte ground, fuch

!>erfon or persons shall forthwith caufe the fame to be fufficient-y fenced off, during fuch time as the faid pit or hole shall be continued open; and shall within fourteen days after digging

4	for



1753-1 Anno viccfimo fexto Georgii II. c. 29.'	99

lor fuch materials in fuch pit or hole, caufe the fame to be filled and within 74 up, doped down or fenced off, and fo continued $ and in cafe	to

fuch person or persons shall not fill up, flope down or fence off fl0pe(j	p„

the fame within the faid time, and keep the faid fence from time or fenced off; to time in good repair, it shall and may be lawful for any one or more justice or juftices of the peace, upon his or their view, , or upon the information of any one or more witnefs or wit- ^uftice togC nefles, to order the person or persons making or caufing to be make order made fuch pit or hole, to fill up, properly flope down, or fence concerning off the fame; and in cafes where any fence shall be fet up, to thelame, order the fame to be repaired from time to time, as occafion shall require; and in cafe fuch person or persons shall refufe or and on refufal negleft to comply with fuch order within ten days after the re- to comply ceipt thereof, or the fame being left at his or their ufual place therewith, or places of abode, and due proof being made upon oath, be-fore any one or morejuftice or juftices of the peace, of the of- m0rethaniol. fence committed, of the fervice of fuch order, and of the re- nor lefs than fufal or negleft to comply therewith, which oath the faid justice 4° *• or juftices is and are hereby impowered to adminifter, fuch person or persons shall forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs than forty shillings, to be laid out and applied J° ^j*PPuie<1 in the filling up, (loping down or fencing off fuch hole or pit, and towards the repair of the roads in the parish or place where and repair of the offence shall be committed, and in fuch manner as the faid the road* j justice or juftices shall direft and appoint; which forfeiture, in cafe the fame be not forthwith paid, shall be levied by diftrefs J!rcf8 and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under fale. the hand and feal or hands and feals of fuch justice or juftices of the peace, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the person or persons whofe goods and chattels shall be fo diftrained and foldf the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale being firft deducted.

CAP. XXIX.

An act to explain,, amend and continue the provi/ions made by two afts of parliament of the nineteenth and twenty firft years of his Majeftfs reign, for the more effeftual difarming the highlands in Scotland, and to make provifion for the more fpeedy afeertaining the lawful debts or claims upon the lands and hereditaments that fome time belonged to Alexander Robertfpn of Strowan, which, with other forfeited eftates, are by an aft of the twenty fifth year of bis Majeftfs reign annexed to the crown unalienable.

WHEREAS by an aft made in the firft year of the reign of ,Geo. i.c. 54, bis late majefty King George the Firft, of glorious memory ,• intituled, An act for the more effeftual fecuring the peace in the highlands of Scotland, it was enafted, That the inhabitants ivitbin the bounds and Jbires therein mentioned Jhould be difarmed from and after the firft day of November which was in the year of our Lord one thoufana feven hundred and ftxteen: and whereas by an aft made ijGso.a.Myi

H 2	in

Anno vicesimo fexto GeoROII II. C. 29.	[	1753,

in the nineteenth year of bis present Majeftfs reign* intituled* An aCf for the more effectual difarming the highlands in Scotland; and for more effectually fecuring the peace of the faid highlands; and for reftraining the ufe of the highland drefs ; and for further indemnifying fuch persons as have aCted in defence of his Ma-jefty’s person and government during the unnatural rebellion5 and for indemnifying the judges and other officers of the court of judiciary in Scotland, for not performing the northern circuit in May one thousand (even hundred and forty fix; and for o-bliging the matters and teachers of private fchools in Scotland, and chaplains, tutors and governors of children or youth, to take the oaths to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, and to re* gifter the fame ; further provifions were made for the more effiflual difarming the highlands in Scotland, or the inhabitants of the faid bounds and /hires, which provifions were to continue in force for feven years from and after the firft day of Auguft one thousand feven hundred and forty fix, and from thence to the end of the nextftffm of parliament, ana no longer: and whereas by an afl made in the twenty firft year of bis present Majefty's reign, intituled, An a & to siGeo.t.c.34. amend and enforce fo much of an aCt made in the nineteenth year of his Mriefty’s reign as relates to the more effectual difarming the highlands in Scotland* and rettraining the ufe of the highland drefs; and to matters and teachers of private fchools and chaplains; and to explain a daufe in another aCt made in the fame year relating to letters of orders of epifcopal minifters in Scotland; and to oblige persons allowed to carry arms, and the directors of the bank there, and certain persons belonging to or praCtifmg in the courts of fettion and judiciary to take the oaths; and to repeal fome claufes in an aCt made in the firft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, whereby certain encouragements are given to landlords and tenants in Scotland* who (hould continue in their duty and loyalty to his faid late Majefty; and for other purposes therein mentioned; further provifions were made to amend and enforce fo much of the aft made in the nineteenth year of his Majefty's reign, as relates to the more eft feflual difarming the highlands in Scotland, or the faid bounds and Jhires: and whereas it may be necejfary or expedient for the public! welfare* that the provifions made by the afls of the nineteenth and twenty firft of his Majefty's reign fhotdd be continued; be it therefore enafted by the iting’s mod excellent majefty, by and with So much of advice and confent of the lords foiritual and temporal and the recited commons in this present parliament aliembled, and by the au-a£U as relates thority of the fame, That fo much of the faid ads of the nine-Trr tccnth and twenty firft of his Majesty’s reign, as relates to thf arming the" more effectual difarming the highlands in Scotland, shall be for-highUnd* in ther continued and remain in full force for the term of feven Scotland, fur- years, from and after the firft day of Auguft one thousand feven

ther continu- hundred and fifty three, and from thence to the end of the then cd tor 7 year*. nm session of p'rliamcnf<

Shire of Stir- H. And whereas a doubt hath been entertained with refpefi to eer-ling fubjeCt to tain bounds within the Jhire of Stirling, that were intended to be dift

armed



I753*I Anno vicesimo fexto Georgii II. c. 29.	101

armti by all or any of the fatd recited afts ; be it therefore enafted the provifions by the authority aforelaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and fifty three, c all and every the parts or places of the (hire of Stirling, lying or being on the north or north-weft fide of an imaginary ftraight line from the place called Ballamacball upon Loch Loman, in the parifti of Buchanan, to the kirk or bridge of Aberfoyl upon the river of Forthy shall be fubjeft to all and every the provifions made by the faid recited alts of the firft of his late Majesty, and of the nineteenth and twenty firft of his present Majesty, and by this present aft, in the fame manner as if the boundary herein deferibed had been mentioned or inferted in the faid several former afts relating to the difarming the highlands in Scotland.

III. And whereas by an aft made in the twenty fifth year of bis t5Gco,i.c^i. present Majesty s reign, (intituled, An act for annexing cerfain forfeited eftates in Scotland to the crown unalienably, and for making (atisfa&ion to the lawful creditors thereupon, and to efta-Ui(h a method of managing the fame, and applying the rents and profits thereof for the better civilizing and improving the highlands of Scotland, and preventing diforaers there for the future) it is among other things enafted, That the barony ^Strowan, and other the landsy tenements and hereditaments which formerly be-longed to Alexander Robertfon of Strowan, and became forfeited to 9 the crown by decree or fentence of forfeiture pajfed in the parliament {^Scotland, in the year one thousand fix hundred and ninety, be and the fame are thereby annexed to the imperial crown of this realm, and declared to be and remain for ever unalienable from the famey and that the lawful debts thereon /ball be paid in the fame manner as is pro-vided concerning the lands and premiffes in the faid aft mentioned: and whereas by an aft made in the twentieth year of his present Ma-jefifs reign, intituled, An act for vetting in his Majesty the e- aoGco t c f mites of certain traitors, and for more eneftually difeovering the	*

fame, and applying the produce thereof to the ufe of his Majesty, and for afeertaining and fatisfying the lawful debts and claims thereupon; fundry provifions are made for the more effeftual and fpeedy afeertaining the lawful debts and claims upon the forfeited eftates which are thereby vefted in his Majesty, of which the faid barony Strowan and other lands and hereditaments which formerly belonged to Alexander Robertfon of Strowan are no part: and whereas it is necejfary or expedient to make fome further provifion for the, more fpeedy and effeftual afeertaining the lawful debts and claims upon the faid barony of Strowan and other hereditaments which former-fy belonged to Alexander Robertfon of Strowan; be it therefore citamt upon enafted by the authority aforefaid, TJiat all and every person or the barony or

Kfons wnatfoever, bodies politick and corporate, having any other eftatet rful claim to, upon or out of the faid barony or other eftates J* Strowan to of Strowan before-mentioned, shall on or before the firft day of December next to come, enter and present before the court of feffionon or feflion in Scotland his, her or their claims or demands; or in before 1 Dec. default thereof, every fuch debt, claim or demand, shall be and	m

k hereby declared to be null and void to all intents and pur- tobevoldl

H 3	pofes





102

Anno viccfimo fexto Georgii II. c. 30.	tI753.

pofes whatfoever: and all fuch claims and demands shall be made and entered, tried and determined in the manner and according to the rules and provifions made in the faid aft of the twentieth year of his Majesty’s reign, concerning the debts and claims upon the eftates thereby veiled in his Majesty, as if the faid directions, rules and provifions, had been herein at length repeated; any law, ftatutc or ufage to the contrary in any wife notwithftandmg.

CAP. XXX

An act for the amendment and prefervation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom ; and for the more effectual execution of the laws relating thereto.

WHEREAS by the great number of waggons and other wheel carriages pajjtng, travelling and ufd in and upon the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom, and the excejfive weights and burdens loaded and carried in and upon the farhey and the jmall breadth and narrow dimenfions of the fellies of the wheels of fucb waggons and other carriages refpeftively, great part of the faid high-ways and roads are become ruinous, and almofl impaffable, and unlefs ’ a fpeedy remedy be bad in the premiffes, all the provifions made by law for amending the highways and roads, and for maintaining and keeping the fame in repair, will in great meafure be rendered inejfec-tuaU and the trade and commerce of this kingdom be thereby greatly prejudiced and objlrufied: wherefore for remedying and preventing the faid mifehiefs and inconveniencies for the future; be it enaCted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the autho-r 11* f rity of the fame. That from and after the twenty ninth day of the wheels of September one thousand feven hundred and fifty four, it lhall not waggons tra- he lawful for any waggon, wain, cart or wheel carriage whatio-velfing on ever, (other than and except as herein after mentioned) to tra-turnpike Vel, pafs or be drawn upon any turnpike road, unlefs the fellies o°inchcsbC	of	every fuch waggon, wain, cart or wheel carriage

Load, refpeCtively, be of the breadth or gage of nine inches, from fide to fide, at the leaft: and every owner or owners of fuch waggon, wain, cart or wheel carriage driven, drawn or conveyed in or under penalty upon any turnpike road, contrary to the directions, tenor and future of one"true meaninS of this ad, shall for every fuch offence forfeit and of the horfes P*Y the him of five pounds, to be recovered and applied in fuch 4c.	*	manner	as	herein	after-mentioned; or otherwife lhall forfeit and

lofe any one of the horfes or beafts of draught drawing fuch waggon, cart or wheel carriage, not being the fhaft or thill— horfe, together with all geers, bridles, halters and accoutrements to fuch horfe or beaft of draught refpedively belonging, to the foie ufe and benefit of the person or persons who (hall' feize or diftrain the fame.

II. And it is hereby enaCled and declared, That the person the diftrefs to or persons making fuch feizure or diftrefs as aforefaid, lhall de-t>e delivered liver the horfe, beaft and things fo feized and diftrained, into

the





1753*1 Anno vicesimo lexto Georgii II. c. 30.	103

the cuftody of the conftable, or fome other parifti officer, of to the con-tiny town, parifti or place, in or near the place where fuch	,

feizure or diftrefs shall be made; and every fuch constable or charge there-* parifli officer refpjrftively is and are hereby required to take and of till proof receive the fame into his and their cuftody, and fafely keep the be imde of 6me, till the person or persons making fuch feizure or diftrefs thc offencci shall make proof, upon oath, before fome justice or juftices of , . the peace, of the offence committed 5 and the faid justice or ju- *0 iffue hih ** dices before whom fuch proof shall be made, is and are hereby precept for required to iffue his or their precept to fuch constable or parish the deliver/, officer immediately, to deliver the horfe, beaft and other things fo forfeited, to the party or parties who feized or diftrained the fame, to and for his and their own ufe and benefit, paying fuch reafonable charges for keeping, and fecuring the fame as fuch ju- jf proof be ftice or juftices shall allow or direft; but in cafe no fuch proof not made shall be made within three days next after fuch feizure or di- within * days, ftrefc, that then fuch horfe, bead or other thing feized or di- jhe diftrefs to drained, shall be returned back to the owner or owners thereof, ** returncd* fuch owner or owners paying reafonable charges for keeping and fecuring the fame.

III.	Provided always. That nothing in this aft contained Carriages ex-(hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any chaife marine, emptea.j

or to any coach, landau, berhn, chaife or calarn; nor shall any thing extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any waggon drawn by lefs than five horfes or beads of draught; or to any wain, cart or other two wheel carriages, drawn by lefs than four horfes or beads of draught; or to any waggon, wain, cart or other wheel carriage, drawn by oxen or neat cattle only.

IV.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted and declared, carriages la-That from and immediately after the patting this aft, it shall den with 1 and may be lawful to and for any carriage loaden with or carry- tree, or 1 ing one tree or piece of timber, or one done or block of marble b*oclc,1 bavin£ only, having the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or Inches broad gage of nine inches or upwards, to travel, pafs or be driven in may be drawn or upon any turnpike road with any number of horfes or beads with any

of draught; and alfo for any waggon, or other four wheel car- number of riage, having the fellies of the wheels thereof of fuch breadth or horfcs} gage as aforefaid, to travel, pafs or be driven upon any turnpike and other road as aforefaid, with any number of horfes or beads of draught four wheel not exceeding eight 5 and for any cart, or other two wheel car- carriages with riage, having the fellies of the wheels thereof of fuch breadth or any numb?r gage as aforefaid, with any number of horfes or beafts draught not exceeding five, without being fubjeft and liable to * be weighed at any crane, machine or engine, or to the addi- and w5e tional toll of twenty shillings, granted and made payable for any number every waggon or otner carriage drawn by fix horfes, in and by not exceeding an aft patted in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his pre- 5JL witP°^5 fent Majesty, intituled, .An act for the more effeftualprefervation ^be wdgh-tf the turnpike roads in that part of‘Great Britain called England; ed. 6 and for the difpofttion of penalties given by afts of parliament, relat- i^Gco.a.c^j. fog to the highways in that part^ Great Britain called England j



*P4

or without being liable

by 6 Geo. * c. 6.

Waggons, &c. road i may be drawp with any number of horfes not exceeding 8,

Anno vieefimo fexto Geo'rgii II. c. go. [175j.

and for enforcing the recovery thereof; and for the more effefinal preventing mifchitfs occafioned by the drivers riding upon carts, drays, cars and waggons, in the city of London, and within ten miles there~ of; notwithstanding any thing contained in the faid lad-mentioned a<ft, or any other law or ftatute to the contrary.

y. Provided always, and it is hereby further declared and enabled, That it shall and may be lawful for any waggon, to forfeit any wain, cart or other carriage, having the fellies of the wheels of the horfes, thereof of fuch breadth or gage as aforefaid, to travel, pafs or be driven upon any turnpike road, without being fubject or liable to forfeit and lofe any one of the horfes drawing the fame, together with the geers, bridles and halters therewith ufed ; any thing contained in an a6t paffed in the fixth year of the reign of his late majefty King George, intituled. An afi for preventing the carriage of excejftve loads of mealy malty bricksy and coahy within ten miles of the cities of London and Weftminfter, to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

VI. And to encourage all persons to ufe broad wheels, in or-^¥^0n#deC' ^cr *° Pre^erve a^ highways of this kingdom in good repair ; wbrels^ay ^ lt further enaded,' That from and immediately after the paffing of this a (ft, it lhall and may be lawful for any waggon pr other four wheel carriage, having the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gage pf nine inches, or upwards, to travel, pafs or be driven on any highway within Great Britain, with any number of horfes or beafts ot draught not exceeding and carts &c > anc* f°r ?ny cart 9r other two wheel carriage, having with any* the like wheels, with any number pf horfes or beafts of draught puimber not not exceeding five, without being fubiedl to any penalties or (exceeding 5. forfeitures for caufing the fame to travel, pafs or oe driven by a r number of horfes or beafts of draught than are now al-by Jaw ; any thing contained ip any ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

Vlt. And whereas in and by several afis of parliament made and paffed for amending and repairing particular highways and roads within this kingdomy fcyeral high and extraordinary tolls and duties are granted and directed to be levied and paid for waggons and other yoheel carriages drawn by more than a certain number of horfes or beafts of draught therein refpefliyely mentipnedy with an intent in ef-fefi to, prohibit the pojfage of fuch carriages, and thereby the better to preferve the faid roads: now it is hereby further enafted. That it shall and may be lawful to apd for the truftees appointed or to be appointed in or by virtue of any a<ft of parliament now in force, or now depending in parliament refpe&ively, for repairing and amending fuch particular highways or roads as aforefaid, or any nine or more of fuch truftees refpe&ively within their refpe&ive diftrids ; and they are hereby authorized and required to mitigate, lelfen and reduce the faid high and extraordinary tolls and duties for or in refpedfc of fuch w^ggops or Qt [ thcr wheel carriages only, having wheels of the breadth or gage herein before preferibed, in fuch manner as no greater toll or duty be demanded or taken for the fame than is provided and ' '	diretfeq

Truftees for the roads to Jeflen the extraordinary tolls on carriages with broad wheels drawn by jrnore than a certain number of horfes:

 LiOOQle

1753-1 Anno vicesimo fexto Georg nil. c. 30.	105

directed by the faid aCb refpeCtively to be paid and taken for waggons and other four wheel carriages drawn by five or four bodes or beafts of draught; and the faid truftees within their several diftriCts, or any nine or more of them refpeCtively, are hereby authorized and required to give directions in writing to the several collectors within fuch meir refpeCtive diftriCts, to take and receive fuch tolls or duties, and no other j any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIA. And for the facilitating and more fpeedy accomplUh-ing and effecting the good ends and purposes intended by this present aCt, it is hereby further enaCted by the authority afore-laid, That the several truftees appointed by any aCt or aCts parliament for the furveying, ordering, amending and keeping ^^>acUto in repair the several turnpike roads of this kingdom, or any five or more of them refpeCtively, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required to meet from time to time, as there shall be occafion, at fome convenient place within their refpec-tive diftriCts, fbme time on or before the twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and fifty four, ana to caufe notice of fuch meetings refpeClively to be affixed in writing on the several toll-gates within their faid several diftriCts at leaft ten days before fuch meeting : and the faid truftees refpec- ^(biveyor* tively, or any five or more of them at fuch their meetings, are t0 caufe all hereby authorized And required, by writing under their hands to the ruts, &e. order and direCt the furveyor or furveyors of the faid turnpike to be levelled, roads refpeCtively to caufe all the rutts and wheel tracks in the laid roads to be beat down, thrown in and levelled ; and the ^ere necef-faid roads to be widened where it shall be neceffary, on or be- fary,on or before the twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hun- fore >9 Sept* dred and fifty four.	1754*

IX. And it is hereby enaCted and declared. That the charges charges to be and expences of fuch work fo to be ordered and directed, shall paid out of be paid and defrayed out of the tolls and duties arifing or to be the tolls, railed by virtue or upon the credit of the faid several aCts made for repairing the faid roads refpeCtively.

J^xid it is hereby further enaCted, That the furveyors of Surveyors to the highways of the several parilhes, town (hips and places, caufe the rutu wherein any highway or road intervening between and commu- teatdown be-meaning with two different turnpike roads doth refpeCtively lie, tween ^ifFe-do and (hall, apd they are hereby authorized and required to rent turnpike caufe all the rutts apd wheel tracks in fuch intervening roads roads. refpeCtively, to be beat down, thrown in, and levelled as afore-faid, on or before the faid twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and fifty four ; and in cafe any person pcrfon# refu, or persons liable to and chargeable with the repairing the high- <mg to do ways within any of the faid parilhes, townlhips or places ref- their ftatute peCtivefy, shall negleCt pr refufe to do and perform his and their woj£ thereon, ftatute-work in and upon the fame, at fuch times and in fuch manner as the faid furveyor or furveyors refpeCtively shall direCt the charge, or appoint, or shall refufe to pay and contribute his or their proportion of the charges and expcnccs of the (ame, then and

»

 GooQle

io6	Anno	viccfimo fextoGEORCii II. c. 30.	[1753.

in fucb cafe, it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or more juftices of the peace of the county, riding, liberty or place, where fuch intervening roads do lie, upon complaint to them Tuft* t * ma(k uPon oatb Iucb negletf or refufal, by warrant under power the fur- tbe*r hands and feals to authorize and icnpower the furveyor or veyors to levy furveyors of the highways to raise and levy fuch proportions of the fame. the charges and expences of the faid works of and from the per-fon and persons fo refufmg, and to enforce the payment thereof by fuch ways and means, and in fuch manner as the rates and afieffments for repairing the highways in this kingdom are by law to be raifed, levied and enforced*

The trufteci XI. And, for the better difcovering and detecting the oflfen-may order ders againft this aCV, it is hereby further enaCted, That it shall the fellies of and may be lawful to and for all truftees appointed or to be ap-the wheels of pointed by any aCt or aCtsof parliament made or to be made for waggons, jfcc. the repairing or amending any highway or highways within this

ed at any turnpike$

ly 9 inches broad.

kingdom, or any two or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, by writing under their4 hands, to order th4 fellies of the wheels of all waggons, wains, carts or other carriages, which are or ought to be of the breadth or gage herein before dire&ed and prefcribed, to be meafured ana gaged at any turnpike or toll-gate ereCted or to be ereCted upon any part of tl)e highway or road in or upon which fuch waggon, wain, can or carriage refpeCtively shall travel, pafs or be drawn, and where the XII. Provided always, That in cafe it shall appear to the fatis-fame (ball ap- fa£tion of the furveyor or furveyors, gate-keeper or gate-keepers Seen oririnal- any turnpike road, that the fellies of the wheels of any wag-• * gon or wheel carriage, travelling or palling upon any fuch turnpike road were originally and when firft made of the breadth of nine inches, and by long ufage and wearing shall have been reduced to, and become of lefs breadth or gage; then, and in fuch cafe, it shall and may be lawful for fuch waggon or wheel carriage to travel, pafs or bedrawn upon, any fuch turnpike road, fo as the fellies of all the wheels thereof, refpeCtively, be of

and bv ufe re- tbe ^ brea^r^ °f e*8bt >ncbes at lead > andowner or own-ducedtonot * ^ fucb waggon or wheel carriage shall not in fuch cafe be fubjeCt or liable to the penalties herein before inflicted and directed to be levied for driving or caufing to be drawn, waggons and carriages, the fellies of the wheels whereof are under the breadth or gage of nine inches as aforefaid ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIII.	And it is herebv further enaCted and declared. That if any person or persons (nail hinder, or attempt to prevent or

the measuring obftruCt the measuring or gaging the fellies of fuch wheels, or the fellies, or the feizing or diftraining of any horfeor beaft of draught hereby directed to be forfeited, for the offences herein before mentioned, or shall ufe any violence to any person or persons employed or concerned in fuch meafuring, gaging, feizing or diftraining, as aforefaid, every person fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds.

XIV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid.

That

lefs than S they are exempted from the penalty.

Penalty of obftru&ing

makiog dif-trefc.

 LiOOQle

1753*1 Anno vkcfimo fextoGEORGH II. c. 30.	10	7

That in cafe any person or persons (hall, after the faid twenty Where wa ninth day of September, drive, or a6t as the driver or drivers of gon8> ^a<faii any waggon, wain, cart or carriage, not having wheels thereto, ac- travel on tum-cording to the dire&ion and true intent and meaning of this aA, p»ke road* or drawn with more than the humber of horfes hereby refpec-tivdy appointed {except as herein before is excepted) upon any breadth 1*-turnpike road, that then and in every fuch cafe, h shall ana quired,orwith maybe lawful to and for the conftable, tythingman, or furvey- more horfes, or of the highways, or any other inhabitant of the parish or the driver m place where the offence flwllhe committed, and to and for the fore^ufticc, furveyor or furveyors of the faid turnpike road, and to and for	*

any person or persons to be appointed by the truftees, or any five or more of them^ to apprehend and take, or caufe to be apprehended and taken, fueh person or persons fo driving or acting as driver or drivers as aforefaid, before one or more justice or juftices of the peafce for the county, riding or divifion, where the laid offence shall be committed, and upon conviAion thereof, either by theconfeflion of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before fuch justice or juftices of the peace (which oath the faid justice or juftices are "hereby impowered and required to adminifter) every fuch person or persons fo offending shall refpeAively forfeit and pay for and to forfeit every fuch offence the sum of five pounds, to be laid out, ap- 5!* plica and recovered, in fuch manner as other penalties hereby impofed are hereby direAed and appointed to be recovered and applied; and in cafe the person or persons fo offending and con-viAed, shall have no goods and chattels, whereon immediate ^ for want diftrefs may be had and made for the fame, then it shall and of diftreft to may be lawful to and for fuch justice or juftices of the peace, be committed, by warrant under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, to commit the offender or offenders to the houfe of correAion, there to remain for the fpace of one month, or until he or they shall have paid the faid fum of five pounds.

XV. And it is hereby further enaAed by the authority afore- penaity Qn faid. That if any owner or owners of any waggon, wain or cart, owners of travelling for hire, (hall, from and after the faid twenty ninth waggons, &c. day of September one thousand feven hundred and fifty four,	«<*

drive, or caufe to be driven, drawn or conveyed, fuch waggon, wain or cart, in or upon any turnpike road, not having his and tilt, 8tc. their chriftian and furnames, and place of abode, written or painted in large legible letters upon the tilt or other confpicuous place of fuch waggon, every person fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, be fubjeA and liable to fuch and the fame penalties and forfeitures, as the owners of waggons or cari'iages, having the fellies of the wheels thereof un.ler the breadth or gage afore-mentioned, are made fubjeA and liable by this aA; and if any person or persons shall fo write or paint, or caufe to or u(jng a be written or painted, any falfe or fiAitious name on fuch wag- falfe name, gon, wain or cart, as aforefaid, every owner df fuch waggon, wain or cart, publicity ufed on any turnpike road, as aforefaid,

with



fticcs.

Method to be obferved by

made of the Cud offences.

108	Anno	vicefimo	fexto	GeoRGII II. c. 30. f 1753.

with fuch falfe or fiAitious name, shall for every fuch offence , forfeit and pay the fum, of fifty pounds.

Penalties may XVI. And be it further enaAed, That the several penalties be recovered7 and forfeitures infliAed and direAed to be forfeited and paid by by aftion,Scc.this aA, and not hereby otherwife provided for, shall and may widi treble	^ recovered by any person or persons who shall fue, inform and

cofti 1	profecute for the fame, either by aAion of debt, bill, plaint or

information in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weftwin• Jlety with treble cofis of fuit; in which no proteAion, wager of or in a fum- law or more than one imparlance shall be allowed ; or by a mary way be- fummary way or proceeding before any two or more juftices of fore two ju- the peace for* the county, riding or place where fuch offence shall be committed, at the option of the person or persons who shall profecute for the fame; and for which purpofe it shall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftices to hear and determine any of the offences againft this aA; and they are hereby au-- thorized and required, upon any information exhibited, or com-complaint* °n P*a^nt made in that behalf within ten days after fuch offence a ' * committed, to fummon the party or parties accafed, and alfo the witneffes on either fide ; gnd in cafe the party accufed shall not appear upon fuch fummons^-then, upon oath made of the * committing any of the faAs above-mentioned by one or more credible witnefe or witneffes, to iffue a warrant or warrants for apprehending the party offending, within the jurifdiAion of fuch juftices; and upon the appearance, or contempt of the party accufed in not appearing (upon the proof of notice given) to proceed to the examination of the witnefs or witneffes on oath, and which fuch juftices are hereby authorized, impowered and required to adminifter, to give judgment or fentence accordingly ; and where the party accufed lhall be conviAed of fuch offence, either by the view of fuch juftices, or any of them, or upon fuch information as aforefaid, or on confeffion of the party accufed, to award and iffue warrants for the levying any pecuniary penalties fo adjudged, together with the cofts of fuch profccution, on the goods of the offender, and to caufe falc to be made thereof, in cafe they shall not be redeemed within five days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any there be) and where goods of fuch offenders cannot be found, to commit fuch offender to ptifon, there to remain for the fpace of three months, or until fuch pecuniary penalty or penalties shall be paid; and if any person or persons shall find himfelf or themfelves aggrieved, or remain unfatisfied in the judgment of the faid juftices, it lhall and may be lawful to and for fuch person and persons to appeal to the juftices of the peace at the next quarter feflions for the county, city, liberty or place where the matter in quef* tion ft>all arife ; and the faid juftices are hereby authorized and required to take cognizance thereof, and to hear the complaint or complaints of the person or persons fo aggrieved; fo as fuch person or persons fo complaining do give notice in writing of fuch his, her or their intention to bring and profecute any fuch appeal, unto the person and persons complained of, at lead four-

Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fef-ponfu

Notice of ap peal to be given.



1753O Anno vicdimo fcxto Georgii II. c. 30.	109

teen days before the quarter feffions; and shall within five days and Ttcota^m after fuch notice given enter into a recognizance with two fufficient zanCe^ri§i fureties, before one or more justice or juftices of the peace of fureties to be and for fuch county, riding, liberty or place where fuch appeal entered into, (ha11 lie, to try fuch appeal at the quarter feflion of the peace to be held for fuch county, riding, liberty or place next and immediately after fuch notice given; and the faid juftices,, upon hearing the matter of the faid complaint or upon due proof made to them of fuch notice given by the party or parties complaining (although he or they shall not profecute the faid appeal)

(hall and may, at their diferetions, mitigate the penalties or forfeitures incurred by the party complaining, or vacate or fet afide the convi&ion or convictions, or fet the party or parties at liberty, or otherwife may ratify and confirm the fame, with fuch cofts, as to them shall feem reafonable; and alfo by their order or warrant to caufe fuch cofts to be levied by diftrefs and (ale of the goods of the person fo giving fuch notice of appeal as afore-fiud ; and for want of fufficient diftrefs to commit the party or parties to the common gaol of the county, riding, liberty or place wherein fuch appeal shall be heard and determined, for any time not exceeding two months, or until payment of fuch cofts shall be made; and if the person ordered to pay fuch cofts shall Perfon order-happen to live in any county, riding, liberty or place without the ed to pay cofts jurisdiction of the faid court, it shall and may be lawful for any hving outof justice of the peace of the county, riding, city, liberty or place otthe court,* wherein fuch person shall inhabit, and eveiy fuch justice is justice fortbe hereby authorized and required, upon requeft to him for that county, See. purpofe made, and upon a true copy of the order for payment *Pay of fuch cofts produced and proved by fome credible witnefs up- a£dfijf on oath, by warrant under his hand and feal, to caufe the money &c,	.	*

mentioned in that order to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the person ordered to pay the fame ; and if no fufficient diftrefs can or may be had, to commit fuch person to the common gaol of that county, riding, city or liberty for any time not exceeding two months, or until payment of fuch cofts as aforefaid.

XVII.	And it is hereby further enadled and declared. That Applicttionof all the pecuniary penalties and forfeitures recovered and levied the forfeiture* by virtue and in purfuance of this adt shall be paid, applied and

difpofed of in manner following ; that is to fay, one moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall inform and fue for the fame, and the other moiety thereof to the truftees for repairing the road where the faid offence shall be committed, or to (uch person or persons as they, or any five or more of them, shall by writing under their hands order, dire# or appoint, in order that the fame may.be applied for and towards the repairing the faid road.

XVIII.	And whereas many wife provijions have been made by several afls of parliament for punishing offences committed upon the turnpike roads in this kingdom. but the fame have been fo much neglected* that offences againfl the faid laws are daily committed with

im-

 Tooele

iro

Anno vicesimo fcxto Georgii II. C.3Q.	[1753.

impunity for want of mating it the duty of proper persons to take care that profecutions are effectually carried on againft offenders: to the end therefore that offenders againft the faid laws (hould not .go unpunifhed, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That ro	^ lawSfna<k> or hereafter to be made by any ad or ads of

roads to be put parliament, whereby toll-gates or turnpikes are or shall be ena<d-in due exe- cd to be made and ereded for colleding tolls for amendment of ration,	any roads, and all other laws relating thereto, shall from hence-

. .	forth be put in due execution; and for that purpofe the truftees

fteet to audee iropowcred' to ad under the authority of the faid several ads reorders for that fpedtively, or any five or more of them, are hereby required at purpofe, the next and other publick meetings, from time to time, to make proper rules and orders for the more effedual putting the and to appoint faid laws in execution, and to appoint fiich person or persons as persons to car-they shall think fit effedhially to carry on profecutions for of-ry on profecu- fcnccs committed againft this ad, or any of the faid laws, within their refpedive limits and diftri&s $ and to give ftrid charge and commands to their furveyor or furveyors to be diligent in givenotkeof	frequently	the faid roads, and in taking due care to fee

ill offences. and inquire if any offence or offences are or have been committed upon the faid roads refpedively, and by whom the fame hath or have been committed: and all the officers belonging to the faid turnpike roads refpedively are hereby required, as often as any offence or offences againft any of the laid laws shall come to his or their knowledge to have been committed upon the faid turnpike roads within their refpedive diftrids, to give immediate notice thereof to fome one of the truftees of the faid roads, who shall forthwith procure a meeting of the truftees belonging to the faid roads, or any five or more of them, who shall give immediate diredions for profecuting fuch offences.

XIX.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That this ad shall be openly and publickly read in the prefence of

. the faid officers as often as there shall be a mcetiiigof the faid removed.10 ** trufr®*®* or any ^vc or more of them: and if any fuch officer shall be found to have been negligent in his duty required by this ad, or to have omitted giving notice as aforefaid, every fuch officer shall be forthwith removed from his office by the faid truftees refpedively, or any five or more of them, and is hereby for ever after rendered incapable of holding any office whatfoever under the faid trull.

XX.	And it is hereby further enaded, That no person or

difebkdfrom P**^00* who shall keep any vidualling-houfe, alehoufe or other holding any houfe of publick entertainment, or who shall fell any wine, cy-place of truff der, beer, alej fpirituous or other fttong liquors by retail, shall under the ^e capable of taking, holding or enjoying any place or places 0 1	of truft or profit under the truftees of any ad of parliament

made or to be made for ereding turnpikes refpedively, or of or of fanning fanning the tolls thereby granted aftd made payable, during the fame. * fuch tithe as he'fhah keep fuch vidualling-houfe, alehoufe or other houfe of publick entertainment, or (haH fell any wine, cyder, beer, ale, fpirituous orotherftrong liquors ^retail.

Officer found negligent in

Vi&uallers





,753-l Anno vicelimo fexto Georgii II. C.31’.	H*

XXL And be it enadied by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any adtion or profecution shall be commenced and profe- When the cuted in purfuance of this adt, under the authority and by the {£°* diredion of the faid truftees, or any five of them, in every fuch charge* to^ cafe the truftees of fuch turnpikes refpedtively, or any five or paid out of more of them (hall, out of the profits arifing by the tolls of fuch the tolls, turnpike road, allow and pay to the profecutor fo much as the cods allowed by law shall fall (hort of reimburfing him his juft and reafonable expences.

XXII.	Provided, That nothing in this adt shall be conftrued Truftees not to oblige the faid truftees to commence or profecute, or caufe to obliged to

be commenced or profecuted any adtion or proceeding for any profecute, un. fuch offences, unlefs upon the confeflion of the offender, or^uP°“®®n-that one or more witnels or witnefles can be had and produced,offender or to prove the commifiion of fuch offence.	one or more

XXIII.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority a- witnefles pro-forefaid. That if any adtion or fuit shall be commenced againft duced.

any person or persons for any thing done or adted in purfuance Limitation of of this adt, then and in every fuch cafe fuch adtion or fuit shall a&ions. be commencedor profecuted within fix calendar months next after the fadt committed, and not afterwards 5 and the fame and every fuch adtion or fuit shall be brought in the county, riding or place	**

where th^perfon againft whom fuch adtion or fuit shall be commenced doth ordinarily inhabit and refide, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every fuch adtion or fuit shall and may plead the general iffue, and give this adt and the fpe- General iffue. cial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the fame was done in purfuance of and by the authority of this present adt; and if the fame shall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch adtion or fuit shall be brought after the time herein before limited for bringing the fame, or be brought' or laid in any other county or place than as afore-mentioned, then the jury lhaU find for the defendant or defendants; or if Treble cofts the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his. Set *9 Geo. %. her or their adtion, after the defendant or defendants shall have c* *7* appeared; or if upon demurrer judgment shall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy fbr recovery thereof, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cafes by law.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for regulating the manner of ticenfing aleboufes in that part of Great Britain called England; and for the more eajy convifting persons felling ale and other liquors without licence.

WHEREAS the laws concerning alekoufes, inns and victual-ling-houfes, and the licenfing thereof are defective and infuf -ficient for correcting and fuptreffing the abufes and diforders fre ouently done and committed therein, and dlfo for the conviction and

due



112

Anno vicefim^fcaato-GgaRGIi II. a.'ft,

dm pumjbmtnt of ptrfm tak etpo* tktmfekm 1* 'ftiiklb'k/***

othtr liquors by retail without. litme: beat writol bytbfc Kiagb moil excellent majefty, by and with. the. advfee MM<eanfebt)flf _	the lords (piritual and temporal and eommorn in this pmffft

fineaWiwufa parliament afiembtaU.and by the authority of. the fane,- That tec,to take ’ upon granting licences by juftices of the peace to any petfoa to recognizance keep an alehoufe, km, vidualling-houfe,- or to fell ale* beer fa the fu® ®f and other liquors by retail, every juch person shall enter into a anaintenance	ncoepizancc to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fi*cce(fers*«

of good order; the ram of ten pounds, with two fufficient Aireties, each in the sum of Ave pounds, or one fufficient furety in the sum of am ,	pounds, under the ufual condition, for maintenance of good or-

der and rule within the feme; and in cafe the person applying for fuch licence shall be hindered through (kknefe or infirmity, or any other reafonable caufe, to be allowed by the feid juffiocs of the peace, to attend in person at the meetings of tbe ferae juftices for granting the (aid licences, then, that H (ball and may be lawful for them to grant fuch licence, upon twro-falici-ent fureties entering into fudi recognizance, each in the penalty of. ten pounds, for performance of the condition of the Aid recognizance ; which (aid recognizance, with the condition thcro-and to fend the of; fairly written or printed, shall forthwith, or at the nextger n^nizance. neral or quarter session of the peace at fatfhsft, after gwfeg ef the mim ^ch licences, be fent or returned to the clerks of the. pcaoe^ er ***** persons acting as fuch, for every county, riding, city,: liberty* tpwn corporate in that part of Great Britain called wherein (uch licences shall be granted, under the. hands ,of, 4|i# juftices of the peace before whom fiich .r*C9goizance$r.wvy, taken, to be by thefeid clerks of the peace, or- fuch other pv*/, fon adling as (uch, duly entered or filed amongft the records *0$ the feffions of the peace; and that for every fiich licence granted without taking fuch recognizance, and for every fuch rocogni^ on penalty of zance taken, and not fent or returned as afqreiaid, every juft#* jl. 6i. sd. of the peace figningfuch licence shall forfeit the fum m pounds fix (hillings and eight pence.	-

.	^	.	II. And for the better preventing diforders in alehpufesgii^ifo

granted to * further enadted, That no licence to keep the fame (lull bejpiqhp lone not li. ed to any person not licenfed the year proceeding* cenfedtheyear person produce at the general meeting of the juftices in Septim?. Pr^CfCfin|[* a ccrtificate under the bands of the paribn, vicar or cuntye, fliall iproduce* an(* raajor Part °f *hc churchwardens and overieerv elfe certificate* of °f three or four reputable and fubftantial houfcholders and inha-their good	bitants of the pari(b or place where fuch alehoufe is to be,, fetv

fame.	ting forth that fuch person is of good fame and of fober life and

converfation; and it shall be mentioned in fuch licence, that fuch certificate was produced, otherwife fuch licence Qull be null and void.

Licenfed per- HI. Provided neverthelefs. That if any licenfed perfoijJhaU Ion dying or die or remove from an alehoufe, it shall be lawful/or removing, the the person fucceeding to fuch houfeto keep on the firid alehoufe f-CMflor, up-	a	during





1753-1 Anno vkefimo fexto Georgii II. c. 31*	113

during the refidueof the term of fu&i licence, on condition that . . . within thirty days after fuch death or removal fuch person ob- fuCh tain fiich certificate as aforefaid, to befigned by fome neighbour- cate,may keep ing jttftice, in order to its being produced at the next general on the houfe meeting in September; and if fuch certificate be not fo obtain- f°rt*lc refi<lu* ed and figned within the faid thirty days, then immediately from thclicence'&cf and after the expiration thereof, fuch licence shall be null and void;	9

and no licence shall intitle any person to keep an alehoufe in any other place than that in whicn it was firft kept by virtue of fuch licence, and fuch licence, with regard to all other places shall be null and void.

IV.	Whereat by an oft made in the second year of his present Aid- iGeo. *c.»f. jefly's reign, intituled, An alt to revive the laws therein mention- f. it.

ed; amongft other things it was enabled, That no licence Jball be granted to assy person to keep a common inn or alehoufe, or to retail any brandy or ftrong waters, but at a general meeting of the jujlices of the peace afting in the divifion where the faid person dwells, to be bo/den on the firft day of September yearly, or within twenty days afteror at any other general meeting of the faid juftices to be bilden for the divifton wherein the faid person refides; which regie* lotion, by rtafon of the loft-mentioned provifion, has been found by experience not to have the effeft intended by the faid regulation 5 be provifion it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the laftin thelaid before-mentioned provifion shall be and is hereby repealed; and ciaufe repeal-tint from henceforth no licence for the purposes aforefaid shall be granted, but on the firft day of September yearly, or within twenty days after; and that fuch licence shall be made for one Licences to be year only, to commence on the twenty ninth day of the faid S™”1tcocJ.1 September \ and that the day and place for granting fuch licences days after.and ihal) be appointed by two or more of the juftices ailing for the the fame to be divifion, by a warrant un^ier their hands and feals, at lead ten made but for days before fuch meeting, directed to the high constable or high ' Tffff j . conftables of the (aid divifion, requiring him or them to order g^cn^nbe hit or their refpe&ive petty conftables or other peace officers, to time and give notice to the several inn-keepers and alehoufe-keepers with- place for tn their refpe&ive conftabiewicks, of the day and place of fuch ST*ntmg meeting; and all licences hereafter granted at any other time cm’ or place shall be null and void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That the clerks of the peace clerks of the shall keep a regifter or calendar of all the recognizances fo fent peace to de-or returned, and shall deliver or caufe to be delivered to the lh«r copie* jf juftices of the peace at their general meetings in September every ^nc^Sthe year, for granting licences in each divifion or place, a true copy juftices at their of fuch regifter or calendar; and that for every recognizance general meet-there shall be paid by the clerk or clerks of the juftices taking ;ngt for grant* fuch recognizances to the faid clerks of the peace, as their fee ln3 J,cencw» for filing or recording the faid recognizance, and for making ycar y*

and delivering copies of the faid regifter or calendar thereof, as aforefoid, the sum of one (hilling, and no more; which shall Vol. XXL	I	be

/

 

ii4	Anno	UMI’

be paid to the,ckrkjspFrly^ laid jul^^^ over and above the Fees payable to the u»id,})*ftjfi« sjetfeg} 3mrf Recovery of VI. And be it etuAed by the. authority afore£n^7Th%( the the forfeiture* fejjj forfeitures For graming licences, without takiog rect^oFr licei^* w?th- z»nces, shall and may be lued forbid recovered out taking a debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his. M^efty's pftufte recognizance, of record at IViJlvunjUr^ for the ufo of. the perfoa or petlon* who shall Fue or profccute for the ljunci together wnhdtdft*^>F fuit; wherein no efloin, wager of law, or more than ofiei 'in-parlance shall be allowed. .	■	.<1	,mn bur.

Where aiu- VH- And be it further ena&cd by the ^tborityriafofeFaid, itice shall ad- That any jufticc of the peace of any county, riding, . judge the re- berty or town corporate, wherein fuch. licence (haU be,granted, cognizance to upon complaint or information that fuch. lioenfed perfoh l>afh b tofummon* done or-committed any a<ft, offence or mifdemeanor,! wbcttby the party to in the judgment of the lame juft ice fuch wqgni*WIMO«yi»* the quarter., forfeited, or the condition thereof broken, may by fopmons fcOions, See. under his hand and feal require foch person fo cpmp&nedohrir informed againff, to appear at the next general or quvter.frfl*<?o of the peace for the faid county, riding, city, liberty or town corporate, then and there to anlwer to the matter of fuch plaint or information ; and alfo may hind the perfonor pqrfoas who lhall make fuch complaint or information, orany.other person or persons, in a recognizance to appear at fuch genend or quarter feffion, and give evidence againff fuch person fo^COtn-plained of or informed againff ; and the juffices of the posq^ym their general or quarter fefiions lhall have power toidwft&bthe jury which shall attend at fuch feffions for the trial.of. tfiaveufes, or fame other jury of twelve honed and fabftantial mon, .t$^hie then and there impanelled by the (heriff, without feeorrevyjirfl, to inquire of the mifdemeanor charged in the fakl complaintnr information; and if fuch jury shall find that the- perfojk)fb complained of, or informed againff, hath done any a& wherobiy the condition of his recognizance is broken, fuchvaFFrbeing and the jury fpecified in fuch complaint or information,; k foall.and. >riwy ifce guiltyf there- lawful f°r the court at fuch general or quarteri^wro toadjudg' cognizance i* fuch person guilty of the breach of fuch recognizapefct!!>*htah to be eitrested, verdift and adjudication shall be final to all inteats arid,

and thereupon the faid juffices shall order the.recognisw«•« «-tered into by fuch offender to be eftreated into hisr^Majqfty’s court of exchequerito be levied to his Majesty’s ufeand'that the faid perfon, the condition of whofe recognizance flbsU befo and he it difa- adjudged to be broken and forfeited, lhall, from and aft of; fuch bled from fell- adjudication, be utterly difabled to feU any ale, beer, (cyder, ing beer, dec. perry, fpirituous liquors or ftroog waters, for the fpaceofvthree for i year*. years . ancj any licence or licences granted or to be granted/to fuch person during fuch term, (hall, be void, and of none effeft.

VIII.	Provided, That the faid juffices may at the requeft of adjourn The t*ie Pr°f*cutor or party lb complained of, or informed againff, trial to next or either of his or her fureties, if they shall fee juft, adjourn teflion*. the hearing and trial of the faid complaint or information to the

then





££53J	*Atti6 vteeftiltf foft6	H; C. ft*

tfc&ffi&fTt^ri* bf'thC peace, WhCre tfte

feme	.r , :>

^IJfd ]h/)&hfrefa thWiy pfrfins prefimi to feS aUy bnry cySery p^Wo&fr^ijuijtylii>rthdtf^	arts	required	by law for

«5

bfflWStits'p b^'^etefenfr enaCfed, TKatvwhere any juftice,t>f the where a jtf-peti^>fhdllftif|)e^th^t aftyalehoufc-keeper, victualler dr retailftice shall fuf-#}' fen^ile^Wbr/'c^der dr perry, without fiich1 licence, it ihall fPc& that *n? and may be lawful for fuch justice to call fach fufpeCted person ai^&cwith* before Wtrij1 and alfo any excife officer T>r gauger, to produce out* iice*ncef beford'faeh^tiffice/fr^ftock^book, or other accbunt which fuch he ma^ fum-officerfce^s^df ttfe^ha^e or furvey of fifeh fufpeCted perfon, mon him,and iiirefpe&bf imy of the liquors aforefaid * and Hkewife to e*a-mitre fuch badfe Officer or guager upon oath, touching the trian- an7 examine ner^fo^hteh foeB officer furveys or chaises fuch fafpefled ptr-fuch officer fom^^lpCCt^df tttVof the liquors aforefaid,' Or how or1 in upon oath, wharikrtnrtcrfbch (tnpeCted person actually pays the dtftiC3ffor any d^fheT^d liquor^; arid if it shall appear by fuctfftock book or Other koCCtant, or by the examination of the ftfld officei* or^giuger S *hat fuch person fo fufpeCted of felKng any df the li-* quoilp&fof^id, is furveted as a victualler or retailer, and is chitgeif^hh the'fame duties that victuallers and retailers aref ufotrtlyohar^ed with, and pay for any of the liquors aforefaid^ affdis'hot rrttitledto the allowance or abatement given to cbm-' fflotPtofewdrs,* then and in fuch cafe fuch fufpeCted person (half bedcetitedun afehoufe* keeper, victualler, retailer or feller of id]/ ' of^thd^dOrt afcrrfaid, to all intents and purpofes, as if the firt^Jho^^beta pmvWby two witnefles.

I*farther enaCted, That if any person shall make Juftice upon infdmWdon befote arty one justice of the peace, and (hew pro-MbitPtWe^that he ftilpeCts that any person fells ale, beer or fon j, rcafen-Otf^^JqddrsNWtthOtit ^licence from two juftices, it shall and ably fufpeCUd ftfly^dlflwfol to-and for fuch justice to call fuch fufpeCted per* of falling ale, fchjttfbrfe4rirni indalfo tofummon any other person or perfons

ptove*the charge againft fuch fufpeCted perfoti; fummon the aW^frfu<^^per(bft f^ fummohed shall refufe to appear, or when party and app«»JWg,^(haHreftffoto bd examined upon oath, and give evi- evidence. dtUci^tttfbrefeid, ft»Ch person or persons shall forfeit the fum 0f Perfonafum* ten^peninds, to btt levied by difttefs and fale of the goods and ^Siring* Chdftitoof foch Offerider or offenders, by warrant under the forfait iol. hind Und feal ofTuch juftice, rendering to him or them the -otoMptaiy after Charges of the faid diftreis and fale deducted, ter be^(M theoverfeers for the ufe of the poor of the parilh or plac&Whtffe fuch perfortW^perfe^fo offending shall live*

XI.AWi bt ir farther ena&ed, That if any person shall be Perfons difa-difabled?1^1 ObnHtiCtion to felt ale, beCr, cyder or perry, fuch bjed by con-perfotVffhall'by the fame Conviction be alfo difabled td fell any vp“?n to fell fpirit«Mjl1iqtk>rs Of ftrong waters, any licence before obtained bled alfofrom for thir pufpofe notwithftahding; and every licence granted to failing ipiritu-the person fo convicted, to fell ale, beor, cyder, perry, fpiritu* ous liquors,

I 2	ous*c*

 CjOO^Ic

xi6	Anao vicdb&oiiatfo^ee&aililw dbg*. ClZSS*

oas liquors,, (tong mmm or any of fuch conviffion shall benuHand void; ttodvfvmpftrfmdtiiMfe ale, beer, cyder, perry, fpiriiuous l^uora*ffr«]®cwater»*ndf any of them, dudng the term of fucfa<btibtlky,(b*IJ h*W jeff toali or fochof the penalties, a* am rpipe^clyiiettAed by law for felling ale, beer, cyder, perry, fpuituous IjqmNb ftrong waters, or any of them, by rfctail without a UdtnHtlOnd in ail profecutions of foch offenders, acenideata from/thfe of the peace (or person affing as fuch) ofa«yfochooft»ffioiq shall be legal evidences which certificate fuch Okffc.of the pbM* or per ion shall grant oft demand without fro 0T reward* £ bsrflin Penalty of fell- xn. And be it further enaffed, That ev*fy> pesfou >ferflPtt* J*,"* &fj tiffed of the offence of felling ale, beer, another Iratfirsjhltth* cence from * out a licence from two juftices of the peaee^lhaHfocmntiy two juftices; fuch firft offence, forfeit the sum of forty MiiUmf»tm>d.lMdtt4qr (uch second offence, shall forfeit the Ann of fourpouadftj dbd . . . . for every (uch third offence, shall forfeit the fum roffaipniwNlu diftivf*andby all whica feid refpeffive forfeitures (haU aed map b*Wffe4ita fale ;	diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of every AwhipmMr

den (rendering to him the overplus, after ebwgpa^itfcetlM diftrefs and fale deduffed) by warrant under the haitftrWAtifM one moiety to.of the justice conviffmg fuch offenders and' shall be $l)it&ne theintormer, moiety thereof to the informer, and the other aaoiefyrthmiM&P ^theepoorW the werfeers of the poor, for the ufe of the poor erf ti*i|M$ for want of’ or place where foch offence was committed; aadtf oo,lpl8fianr diftrefs, the diftrefs shall be found,- whereon to levy the (aid refped&eftHfei* person to be tures, then the faid justice of the peace (ball and may PWnh committed, every, fuch offender to refpeffivcly conviffed m afonffa^d*cM<d)S common gaol, or other prifon, or houfeof correffiopK vyMvP hisi jpriidiffion, without bail or mainprise) .for th^fpApriOf qm month, for the firft offence; and for the feoond oftwjfccwfWffb* (paceof two months; and for the thirdoffence, imdlduchodf fender shall be difcharged by order of the <w*l of gentmtbw** terfeflions.	>	...>> sdlUrfl

:A:	XIII. And be it further enaffod. That every conviffion of

kcertifiti to any offender for felling ale, beer, or other liquors without fuch the next quar- bcence, or -after being difabled to fell, aa afamJaid^ fiafidbe ter feftlons,	certified by the justice of the peace owhmg the^ faumtt fo the

am) filed.	neat general or quarter feflion of the peace, to beipeq ot;en-

tred amongft (he records of the faid feflion; and that ptch]con-yiffion shall and may be drawn up and certified in the fej/awing form of words, as the cafe shall happen, or m any dthef jbrm of words to the fame effeff, mutatis mtttandis,- that

Form of con. vittion.

. Middle- J A. B. it ntm£}ed<m or beroum oanfegm foq oh ft*.	}	the	oath	of	:\ f .of b^w^fold

■<tU, bier.r orother\iquofSy.inibtparjfbof ^ . > r

Jn this f ouutvy tit	the _ , day, of -	v ’ ' [

being	licenfed thereto actor ding to law (or,	beihg'/jifailed to

f»llf as the cafe may be) given under my bandtahd'ftetlHhtr day of

And



IJ5J.J	vUefiirtdftty)oQe&ft<HtiI<	ayb.

Arjdithefv'lhaMbe added, Thttthe feme is the fibft, feopnd, or lfenlt>fccniHdHop |-which faid canviAian, in the fame or the like fennwffiWord^ ihaM be good and effedlual in law to all intents tiMpdrfathk, and'fflaiH not:be quaihcd, fetafide, or adjudged tatdw'infofi&tnt^ forwent of any other form or words what* iu^ujivi "■	.	. . ■.	,	»	:

**7

b n 3CIV^i 1 Provided always. That foeh offender who fball be pu- Offender not ifthedWeirtneoflhit aA, Audi not bepomflwd again for the j| .able *?*»■" My-former a&; and that fuch Render who „4Pt™ the OtidilbeptiliHhed 4by Virtue of any former act, shall not be pu-fame offence, nifhed agbtn'fer thefefne offence, by virtue of this prcfent aA, ontny^thitigherehi contained.

■dijlviiprovidad always, That this aA, or sny thing herein Rights of the tHMrinpdJ ftihll' AW fin any wife be prejudicial to the privilege universities to 0^1km>(ing*tavomS hnd other publick hoofes, claimed by the £?*^icence* *two tftitott&itft'Of that' cart of Great Britain called	or

eiHwr Of *thtm; ttbr to the chancellor, matters and fdidars, or tfh^offtieri of th^feme, or their fucceflbrs, but that they may whndefljcyfoohprfelitege as they have heretofore lawfully ufed aad ^tljdyea; tiny thing herein contained to the contrary not-srtthftmarng. "

>nt3tWl Provhfcd always. That nothing herein contained, shall The times of &tad<to.b6<Mnftrued to extend to alter the time or times of 8r*n,mB “* grtAtiftglitetlCesfofkeeping of common inns or alehoufet. Or ^mmonhins, W oUhge perihnS rior licenfed the year preceding to produce not altered, * tthMtaattfs, iflriiiy city ortown corporate.	<

"mJCVlliGfVdvMed always, and be it enaAed by the authority inhabitant of Vfefdfei&V Thht any perron shall be deemed a competent' wit- the parish nitty add'fee admitted to give evidence upon any information deemed a dP toittpkint for 'any offence committed againft this aA, not- c<!™P^cnt ttithftaAtfitg foeh person be an inhabitant of or charged or lia-Me'teptybhai^d'to'the payment of any rates or afleffments for fltestcfeefof thepoorof any parish or place where fuch offence shall be committed.

•onoiflivno, vw*	_	Tnr+ii

ibul iWOi'tJlW 210- j T V AT. AAAIls	*

adftloff far continuing several laws relating ta the punt/bment ptrfaPsgpting amed or dijgUiftd in defiance of the lows ^fiftoipseii extifii to tbedrauftatk of the duties upon nfci)ffar^i(ari exported\and to the ditties upon foreign-wade ’ cloth i and alfo for encouragement of the	manu-

lures-, and for taking off several duties on merchandizes exported * and for encouraging the trade of the far ' gap colonies in America and for vacating the fecurity ■ fat the duty on	fait loft in any river, or in party after

jbippedi and for enlarging the time for proving the lofs of falt y Ctnd for relief of mqfiers of fhips with refpeti

fo tpc importation ofJoap	andcandles, contrary to an aft

I ^	made



I it	Anno	vkefima	fiatb H/	(t£53.

made in the twenty third year of	Ufatftff i n*hd

alfo for the more effe&uat payment of '	hoantm' ^

firitifh-tnade Jail cloth; and to	tpt	corfrpfy

pf the treasury to dirctt the	fa	bntMty^tjs J

Henniker, and others, upon four flips fitted whale fijhery, and lofi in the Greenland feasiaudiwlfato Philip How, andotbers, upon two Jhips tmploytd in tbe faid fijhery, notwitkjianding fome'of the forms rfijtdWd "by law in fitting out fitch jhips, were nit complied With'.

yjtf H E R E A S	feveral laws herein .mentioned* hjgvf fa

~ ” txpfrienfe been found ufeful and beneficial, and arenear-tUt-

S;may it therefore- pleaie your Majeijy, that it naaybo^fr-; and be it enabled by the King’s moil excellent majp&f, by and with the . advice and consent of the loi/ds fpbitasTrijid temporal and commons, in this present parliament aflewbkd, and by the authority of the lame. That lo much of an fedlfnask insures ill in the nineteenth year of his present Msyefty’s reign,, maided, i9Geo:x.c.34. An alt for the father punijhment of persons going armed further con • gulfed in defiance of the laws of tufiams or	and	fer	'indttpni-

ffifil offenders againfttbpfe laws upon the term in this ait mentiau-■	75	ed ; and for the repef	ef officers of the in iinformations,upon

Jeizuresi which act was to continue in force for the. fpace>of (even years, and from thence to the end of the next feftictn of parliament, as relates to the further punilhment of perfoosjgo-jng armed or difguifed in defiance of the laws of cuftpp^ ojr Cxcife; and to the relief of officers of the cuftomsm informations upon feizures, lhall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred, and fifty eights and from thence to the end of the then next region of .parliament, piajufe ;B 9 & H? And he it further enabled by the authority afow(aicL,T>hst roWiil.j.c.*6. the daufe contained in an ad made in the ninth and tenth years ft).	of the reign of his late majefty King Itiliiom the ThirOji,inti-

tuled, An a£l to fettle the trade to Africa, for allowing during a limited time.a, drawback of the duties upon the exportation of copper bars imported.; and which cfaufe afier, the expiration thereof was, by ap a (ft made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, revived and continued for fourteen years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffien of »* Ann. ft. i. parliamentand alfo the.provifo in the faid laft ad contained, tlierconti'uued no drawlwk lhall be allowed on the exportation of any to ,4 June -copper but fitch as had been or Ibould be imported, from the 175X.	Eaft Jndies and the coaft pf	only	5 and which, laid daufe

?3G*o.i.e.*7. and proyifo by another ad made in the thirteenth year of the reigp of his jate Majesty, were further continued for fourteen years, and from thence to the end of the then next ftflVon,of parliament; and which faid dau/e and provifo by anmhenad y cGeo.s. e.3 j. made in the fifteenth and fixteenth yqarsof his prefect MfOefty’s 9 "	reign, were further continued toe fourteen years, and , from

then??

17$3*1	Ayna vfeihnofegtft&eoJMm II. c.32.	119

tht then. neXtfcfiion ofparlrameat; lhall hj^anc^tlie j^o^sas hereby further continued from the expiration mereof until.the twenty fourth day of -June one thousand i^m huhdred and fifty eight, and from thence to the end of the rifim. dixt‘fi‘ffiibn nf parliament.	'	' '■

'*IUi And be itfurther enabled by the authority aforefaid. That ,5Geo.» c.tj. an>\h£fc,n»ade it) the;'nineteenth year of his present Majesty’s continued to 4pjgR4	oiifor tht more effeftttal feeuring the duties *4 June »7S*»

UfwppfabL	on foreign-made fail eloth imported into-this kingdom;

afufir (barging all foreign-made fails with a	j andfor explain-

ing a doubt concerning /hips being obliged, at their fir A letting out to fia\tt be fttmifijOd with one compleat Jet of Jails made o/Britilh fail doth y Which was to. Continue in force from the twenty fourth dHefdtJ/une one thousand feven hundred and forty fix, for the -ttha^Oi fcren year*, and from thenee to the end of the then nt&t fefiion of parliament,' shall be, and the fame is hereby fur-thW Continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty-foutthday of June one thousand feven hundred and fifty eight, kftd from*thence to rhe end of the then next fefiion or parliament.

tV; And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That thCfeveral claufes contained in an a£t made in the eighth year Claufes in s ’ ofthe^reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An a£i for encourage- 9e°' *• c-'meat of the ftlk manufactures of	this kingdoman nued to**!* *'

Hsetalduties on merchandizes exported; and for reducing the duty upon March i7j». hetsvtr	skim, pepper, mate, doves and nutmegs imported} and for the

importation of aHfurs of the produli of theBritifh plantations into tbts kingdom only; and that the two corporations of	on	any

Jails brought on their policies, /hail be liable only to Jingle damages and 'tofitof fitit, relating to the encouragement of the Jtlk manufactures of ;tmtkingdom •, and for taking off fevtral duties on merchandizes exported^ which were to continue in force for three years from the tWehty-fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and twenty WTO, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of pamament; and which claufes were, by an adl made in the uGeo.i.e.19. eleventh year of his fail) late Majesty’s reign, continued from the ^expiration thereof for three years, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament; and by another a& made -hv the fecund year of his present Majesty’s reign, were * further continued from the expiration thereof for three years, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament v and by another a£l made in the second year of his pre- *Geo.*.c.*t, font Majesty’s reign, were further continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand fewta hundred and thirty four, and from thence to the end of tht then next fefiion of parliament; and which by another adl gGco # Clg< made in the eighth year of his present Majesty’s reign, were fUr-thsntontinued until the twenty-fifth Any of March one thousand fevett'hundred andfiotty two, and from thence to the end of the th^trineiit' fefilPO of parliament; and which bv an aft made in 15Geo.i-c.3j. the fifteenth year of the reign of his present 'Majefty, Were fur-

14	ther



126	Anno	vifceGmo(l«tt>	QsbMH	II.	C;	$2.

ther continued umil the firfislsy dtf *%«rvo» ifootdkjd^fcveo hundred and forty fonvand from tnenpeto Ac, ehdwftbc ftoGeo.2 c.45. then next feifion of ^aritdaacn^^ *od ^hiehhy^anaA.madeiii thetwentieth ycuro£*hff'i<*igfriof bwpteftntt Majefty^wercfiiiv ther continued until thefiril'd^of.ttjf^ hundred and Jifty four,, and from thencetothecndef thcihcn next session of parliament, ftuflbe, aud tbe fame tehatebyfifr*-ther continued from the expiration thereof until the /twfenty-

and fron/thencc to the end of the then: neat ment.	.-.?••	4	c.\	or!t	ro't

ftGeo. %. c. 13.	V. And be it further enaded by the aiithbrity afordaidvTbafc

continued to an a& made in the fixth year of inereigaof hiiiprefentMajeftyl ft4 June 1756. intitled. An a& for th hotter feewring and encouraging tbetrado'af bis Majeftfs fagar colonies ht America, which was to contmeo m force for five years, to be computed from the twenty fourth -day of June, one thouiand feven hundred andthirtfy threeyand*o the ixGeo.i. c.18. end of the then next session of parliament; and which by an a A made in the eleventh year of his present Majesty’s neign, was further continued from the expiration thereof for the further term of feven years, and from thence to the end* of the . then i9Gto.ft.ca3. next session of parliament; and which by an a& madcirrth* nineteenth year of bis present Majesty’s reign, was further conu tinued from the expiration of the (aid laft mentioned term fbr the further term of feven years, and from thence to the cod,hf the then next session of parliament, shall be, and thefatae is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof until thfc twenty-fourth day of June one thouiand (even hundred 1and fifty-fix.	\ O. * ' ; t

Aan.e.14. V I. And whereas by an aB pajfed in the fecottd and third fearsaf the reign of her late majefiy £%uten Anne, (intituled, An a& for the better fecuring and regulating the dutks^i>{mnfidt, ^ iiektiffrd, That where any fait or rack fait (the dutin whereof faall bah \ been paid, or fecured to be paid, according to the direBien of the /miner fawt relating to the faid duties an fall) faall hr /hipped or hid on board any faip or veffel in any port, river or place within the kingdom of .England, dominion of Wales, or town 0/Berwick upon Tweed, jn order to he exported to parts beyond the feas, or be carried coaft-wifo i and the faid fait or rock fait fa flipped or laid on board, faall happen to perifa by the finking of the fhip or veffel on which the /ante faall be/hipped or laid on hoard, before the faid fai? or voffUfiball go out of futh port or place, and before the exporter of juch Jnh ftaU he intiued lo.a drawback or allowance of the duties thereof, that then and in Juch cafe the exporter, or proprietor of the faid fait or rock fab fo perifaed faall, upon proof wade before the jvftices of the peace at the '	jnext general quartcr-fefjiom of the peace to he held for the county, city,

' riding,dmfion or place, next to the place where the findfait or rook fait faall fa perifa, of the lofs of the fait or rock fait fa /hipped, no* dive from the faid fiffions a certificate that fiabproof was madehefoke them:, and upon producing the find certificate to any of ber Mafaflds eolkBors or Officers appointed to tolkB the faid duties on fab, tblfmd .	column



ill

tgtssO ’A”n* v<lx(b&0<ia^DoQaM>BiBi!bi3; th.ga.

mSxBekrsfthi^ctntsamftfiribyrafefhd telieithe Jaidexperteror pehprhotdxbupthe hk^quartatyoffahsor, recit Jolt	it expreffediii

the-ifeeddktifimterkednlfeepkrb/btd]<nwtkikt,-popng to	Mafifty

osfiibttyof ehrift /hr thb'fme,* in tbafim! manner asiffutb/nktr owtefakiofiftiperbftedigajngioqftwife froth ana pert ^England'fo oaatttri’ un&vabexbtrbpon'nOmask ixthc'eighth	year cfthe reign sGeo.i. c.+.

ffiBisfhmfifiy'Kbtg Gedpgfe the Fir ft, Mitnbi, Kna£liac takingoff t^trdrrtyaiboh rail Tab tried inthe-curing of red herrings, and J^jnf^^rqportSoi&Uei doty upon all< red herrings contested at Mnjony^flid farnribertainlngthe cufbbms and excife payable for the fugar houfes in Scotland; aud for making an allowance ioHaldiere'ih»any Jiaebonr or river of’ this realm; and'for the bfdhfr Wearing did duties on fah delivered in Scotland, ineHgotbef'tlhngsrnafitdi; thatthe owners mapapnuMcfthesditt/'/baU peri/b	trielefi	in any of the parts or

hubbeunsy hr: rivers of tins realm, by Jiormtbr rages ofthe tides from fhet, oorhotbermjh, fluMitpon fitch proofsmade thereof nad{in Jnatheias is denoted by the afere-nuntmned ail cf the and 'tifireh years' tf the reign of her late niajejiy Queen Anne ■pdmrtliefi iuhafisefjalt loft by violent orfiormy	be

untitled tof futis' xemf catt, and thereupon fitch right and privilege, uhanjoutnien of-the like fait lojl	atfiam She cafe are entitled to , •

bytxxrtde ef the fold ait; which privilegeto buy the tide.quantity efifodtsos ttexprtjftd in the certificate to be hft, without poyhjgJobts lAftejeftydOy doty of'excife far the fame: and'	the exporteh

off oat to foreign	parts do give bend for tbeduty of the

4find\is\thrtbcrgtd	bya debenture upon the exportation

j fetchhnfbsi where the fbitts lofiin carrying tkefame down the river m	order to be fbipt on board thevejfelin which the is

ported, or lofiin the	port after the fame is /hipped,

udperMst	or canto	entitled to a debenture, the exporter or owner of

thhfidtfi	loft, 'ttpm proof thereof in manner as directed by the afore

•reftted dGs ,Stains a certificate of fucb proof being made, which certificate vilifies him by thejaid ads to buy the like quantity of fait as is expreftd	thereinto have been lojl, without paying any duty for the

fami,fixt tannetbt applied to the difehorge the bond given for the daty^bf the jati bft, the exporter therefore mu ft	the	bond

hr mbiuymitbout any abatement, and when he has Jo done, he cannot exportthe fakdelivered him duty-free, fo as to he intit led	drawback	-thereupon ibut	mu ft fell	it for home cenfie

dt/hdoantagr, as the dealers in fait for borne confumption bavt cr-dif-ccirnt on prompt payment of the duly, and an allowance for wafle on '/hit: carried coafiwtfi : for remedy whereof be it enacted by the Certificate for ?ai*thotStyafbrefaid, That where any fait or rock fait hath been fah loft, tova-■foftvor fhail be loftin carrying the fame down any river; In oft- c?te thefe^u" .der to- be fhipt on board the veflel in which the fame isfo be Mymentof*

• ^exported, dr hath beenor.fhall be loft in theport afrerthei&me the duty. 4*(hipf,and befoie the exporter is or can be Inritled tO'a de-'brtnture, and proof thereof hath been or shall be madeiffall phikwtyand in marmer.aa directed by the afore recited a£ts,-lhen ^Md in^verr. fudicifcthectrtifttat& or cartifie^t for all fuch

fait





1*2

4&5 Ann.c. i%*

Time for ma* kin? proof of fait loft, in or* der to obtain a certificate, enlarged to two yean.

ft3Geo.itC.21. £ *7*

Aifoo viccCmo fcs?9 QlCJPRQH II. C. j£.

felt or rock felt that bath been loft or (had beJoft, (ballaad n^y be applied by the colledor of the duties on felt, for the pljicc where the duty on fuch felt or rock felt hath hector fhail be fecured to be paid, to difeharge and vacate the fecurity given, er to be given for the duty of (b much felt as shall appear by/aeh certificate to have been loft 3 any thing in the feid it> part recity-id acts, or any other a# to the contrary- in any wife oat with-(landing*	*	•	-	.	:	•	* . '

VII.	And whereas by an aB paffed in the fourth and fiftbyeatx

of the reign of her late majefly Quun Anne, intituled, An aSt for laying further cjutiespnlow wines \ and &r preventing *he dam-age to her Majesty’s revenue by importation of loreigf^ottt whalebone; and foi^making fon^^provifions as to the (lamp duties, and the duties 00 births, burials,andr marriages* and the felt duties, and touching million* lottery ticket** and for enabling her Majesty to difoofe of the effects of VfdUani Kidd a nOtor rious pirate, to the, ufe of Greenwich hofpital; and for appno-priating the publieje monies granted, in thfe session of parliament 5 it is enaBed, Tbajt the exporter qr proprietor of fait or rati fait which Jball perifb or be UJl in the manner deferibed in the fend aB, Jhall, upon proof made before the jujhcts af the peace at the getur ral quarter feffions of the peace to be held for the county* city* ruling, divificn or place from whence the fame was fa exported, of the lofs of fucb fa}t fo Jbipped or to be jbipped, receive from the faid fejfiens aver* tificateth.t fucb proof was made before them % and upon producing the faid certificate to the officer of the place where the duty on fttlkfdk Jball have been paid or fecured to be paid, fuch feeurity jballbedtfi charged, and fo much money as was aBually paid for the.dutyofjhe faid fait Jball be repaid upon demand by the faid officer without for or reward\ provided fuch proof be made as aforefaid by two crediUe witpejjes within fix months after fucb lofs or taking as eforefaid and whereas the maxing fucb proof as aforefaid within the time Jmktd by the faid aB has, in many cafes, been found i/npraBicabley hyna-fon of the Jbortnefs of the /aid time \ be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the time for making fuch proof as a-forefeid, shall from and after the pafling of tbta>a<ft be enlarged to Jtvyoyears; any thing in the feid aft,to the cwtrary;not-withftanding.	•	■-	^	w-	^

VIII.	And whereas by an aB made in the twenty third year of At/ present Majefly's reign, for tiforcing the laws againfl the ckvidefline importation of foap, candles and Jlarcb, into this kingdom, a penalty of fifty pounds is laid upon the majier, mate, or other person taking the charge or command of any fiipor veffel wherjtin any candks+ feap or flarch, Jhall be brought or imported contrary to the Jqid aft \\ and power is given to the commffioners of excife and jufiices of tht'Peace before whom any informations for the, penalties impofedAy tht\find aB Jball be heard and determined, t o mitigate . the fame when they Jhall fee caufe, fo as fuch mitigation do not reduce the penalty H\Uji than one fourth part thereof, over and above the\ cffls and charge fhe officers, as well in making the discovery as indhe prdfeeution efiae fame :, and whereas the mqflers or other persons having the chprgcsyf



123

1753-1 Anno vicesimo fexto Georgii II. c. 32.

/Upo^vtffik^'dre^Rable to the petrify inJfiSfed by the /aid at1 far imparting tdndtes, flap or*jiarck, otherunfe thati by the faid at! is prefcribeds although fob candles, foot* dr forth, were put on board witbm&cbb knowledge or priority of fob maforstfr other persons a-fortfajd, bythe Mariners fairing on board juch flips or vejfels; and it bridfautble that fob matters or other persons Jhould be indemnified agbMjltke penalty to which they are by the faid at! made liable for the offences committed by the faid mariners; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforeftid, That when ahy information shall be Uponinforma-teohghf againft ttte matter, mate or other perfon, having the tion brought ebai^>df any ttnp oi^ vefle), for recovery Of the penalty inflifted frrtuCCOVC7t by the fard aft ter importing Candles, loap or ftarch, otherwife fnAiaecHby y than by the feid aft is pneferibed, it (haH be lawfal for fuch the recited matter, mate or other perfon, to flop and detain the wages of the the wages mariners and men farVing on boaffd flich (hip or venel, until oftbemari-fuch information IhaH be heard and determined, and if upon tabjed°till the" the hearing and determination thereof it shall appear that ttich fame shall be candle*, foap or ftarch, were put on board fuch (hip or veflel by determined, any of the mariners or men ferving therein, without the knowledge or privity of the matter, mate or other perfon, having the charge or fuch (hip or veflel, it (haM be lawful for foch matter, and upon con* mate or other person afbrefaid, to keep and retain in his hands	to	be

fo much of the wages of the mariners and men ferring on board payment of fuch (hip or veflel, who shall be found guilty of or privy to fuch th$ forfeiture, offence, as will be fuflicient to anfwer and fatisfy the penalty in* flt&ed upon fuch matter, mate or other person aforefltid, who shall be and ishereby indemnified for fo doing.

IX.	'And whereas the provifton contained in an at! made in the twentystbird year of the reign of his present Majefiy, for the due and regular payment of the bounties granted upon the exportation of Britifliu 1 erode fail cloth has proved ineffetlual; be it therefore enafted by bounties theauthority a fore faid. That the bounties due since the firft of £har ed on*1 Juns'wm tnoufthd (even hundred and fifty, (being the Com- the^Sd fubfi-mencement of the faid provifion) and which shall hereafter be- dy, applicable come due on the exportation of Britifl-mndt fail cloth, inttead to payment of being paid in the manner in the' (aid aft direfted, shall be, of incident!, and the fame are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid out of* fuch parts of the old iubiidy as are applicable to the paymerit of incidents.

X- And whereas by two at!s of parliament made in the fixth and 6 Geo.*, c. jj, twenty fecendyears of the reign 0/his present Majefiy^ for the enctu- »*Geo.*.c 45. ragement of the whale fijbery carried on by his MnjefoU Britifh fub-jetls, a bounty of forty JhUlings per ton, under certain regulations mentioned in the faid afts, is to be paid by the receiver general of the atfloms to the mafler or owners of flrips employed in the whale fijhtry in the Greenland feas or Davis’s Streights, on their return to this kingdom: and whereas John Hennicker, Henry Bird the elder,

Henry Bird the younger, and Conrad Lang of London, merchants, did fit out in the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty two, four /hips* called the Merry Jacks, Sword Fi(h, Revolution and Neptune, for the whale fijbery in Greenland feas, in the manner

preferibe4 '





1*4	Apno	vicefimoi	c.gj. [1J33.

prefir ibcd and appointed cby . the f *Bsr end' kflith faid flips sschr aftualiy employed in the faid.fi/heryy but,Mre unavoidably	4

Treafury im-	fiudfeas-, be it therefor*.enacted by ffifl:M»thooty.afercfauf*Tiha£

te&tbe boon- the commissioners of bis :M*jefty’s tre*fory:ferfoeti<heb*tag£ ties to be paid] °r any three of them, (ball Jsep amftbey aft hereby jaspcttocted to John Hen- to dired, if thcv think; fit,-she payment of .the bounties which ™*er. M*ff* the faid John h/cnn'uktr* Henry Bird th« ftJdcr, Henry Bird idbe ConradLanft youn2er’ arM* Conrad Lang, would have been inhaled to incafe b' the faid (hips had retufoed to this kingdom i any.thing is rth» faid two several acts contained to the contra cyitt>teuthftaad in g*•

6Geo.*, c.jj. XI.	And whereat by	two-offof par UamtUt modem

»»Geo.i. C 45. twcnty-fiecond yean of the reign of hii preftnt Majafifyfir. tht on* eouragement of the whale	fi/ en by hit Britife fidqitflfo

fubjeSis, a bounty of forty fallings per ten* ustddr tenth mentioned in the faid arts* is to be paid by. the receiver general of the euftoms to the majler or owners of	employed in the whale fi/htry

in the Greenland feas or Davis’s SHeights, on their return taOhis kingdom: and whereas Philip How, on the behalf ofhimfidfandft-veral other persons, did in the year one tboufand bundrtdand fifty-two, fit out two flipsy tailed the Argyle	Campletoun, for

the faid fijhery, in the manner required by the find alls 5 and faid /hips were cSlually employed in the find fi/bety, and did	,

this kingdom with three whalfs3 but by reafon of an omtjjtbn or mif-take in making the affidavits, and giving the	required

faid a Sis, the faid owners have not been able to obtain the proper certificates for the payment of the faid bounty; be it therefore cna&edi by the authority aforefaid. That the commifiioners of his Mqp£yfr treasury for the time being,, or any three of then, shall be,>and they are hereby impowered to dire#, if they think fit,.the pay-And alfo to ment of the bounties which the (aid PhilipHaw and others Philip How, would have been intitled to in cafe they had complied mthsil the forms and regulations required by the Olid aAsofparUftr mem ; any thing in the faid two several atfs contained ter thn contrary notwithftanding.	.	mrttiw

gap. xxxiii. \	:

Vj. „v. 4u a8 far the letter preventing of danJeftinc marriage}.

’	1 •. J\jLT H1LR1&K&.gnat.mifthufs and.mtooeaewantiei	arifen

■ y\.u from ekndejline marriages •, -preventing thereofforthq 1 future, 'be it.«na6ted by the King’s moft excellent majeftyt,nby and with .the adviceanaioonfcnt of the lords (primal andteifc-poral and commons in this present ftaritamcot aflembled, and byth^ambonty of the fame, That from andnfter the twenty* fifth day of, March isbthe year of our Lord onethoufeadferes Publication of hundred and fifty four, all banns af matrimony shall bepob-h"1*1** li(hed in an audible manner in the partih church* or io feme publick chapel, in wbichpUWick chaptl banans of matrimony have been ufuaHy publifhed, of or belongingto fuch pariAbrir chapelry wherein the persons to be married shall dwell, jfitMd-*ng to the form of words preferibed by the robrkk pmfiNedntQ the office of matrimony in the book of common prayer, upon

tbrqq



12 5

>7930 Aeno vkefimo fe«o Georgii H. c. 3$. three iJ*0</i»rpracesHng the ibletnnixation -of marriage, -daring the rime of morning ferric©, or of evening Service (if there be nsrukorning ferviM <bi 'foch chutchotr chapef upon any of tbofe Sipufys) immediately after the second leflbn; and wkenfoever ibfhotthappen *halt the ptffoMtohe matried shall dwell ht die vfcreinarifhe* or chspelrks, the banafefhall In like manned be pdblnfhed rr» the church or chapel belonging to fuch parish or chap c4ry wherein each of the faid persons mail dwell 1 and where bath «r either of the peribns to be married (halt dwell in any extra ptrddSiul place, fh*vlhg rio chareh or chapel wherein banns heveocen uftnilly poblilhed) rhen the banns shall in like manner he publiftiea mi the parish ehurch or Chapel belonging to feme futifh or ‘ihapeftyaajoining to fuch extraparochiai place : ami w here banns maM benublfthed in any church or chapel belonging to any parish adjoining to fuch extraparochial place, the partofi/vfcar, minifter 6r cerate, publithing fuch banns; Srflt, Min;fter t0 krwrhfng under his harid, certify tine publication thereof in fuch fign the pub. martnerasif either of the persons to be married dwelt in fetbJilication; lining-parifh; and that all other: the rules pfeftribedby laid fubrick concerning the publication of banns, and the rnsetob^fo-mnieation of matrimony, and not hereby altered, shall lemnixed in " duty oMerved; and that in alt cafes where banns (hall- hove bten one of the pOMHhed, the marriage shall be folemniaed in one of thepariftt churches ehurihesor chapels where fuch banns have been publifhed; and hnno other place whatfoever.	:	\be"n*publifh-

vdlfctihwided always, and it is hereby fhrther eha6ted, That ed. fiofatribh, vicar, miniftcr or curate shall be obliged to pubbfh Notice of lhe ttwbrfshs of matrimony between any perfonswhatfoever, urtfefe names, placet * tbaqpesHbm to.be married fhall, feven days at the leaft’beford of abode and tbtrmrkraequired for tfce firft publication of fuch banns refpec- tjm* • fivefy,7'deliver Of caufe to be delivered to fuch parfon, vicar, ntlraferffir Curate, a notice in writing of their true ehrifthn and g-,ven t0°the fbfhaHid^ nWdof the houfe or houfes of their refpeAive abodes miniftcr 7 days within fuch parifh, chapelry or extraparochial place-us afore faid, before publi-and of the time during which they have dwelt, inhabited or lodged in fuch houfe or houfes refpedively.

•m.lv-PtbVicIed always, and be it enadted by the authority a- Miniftcr not fetefaid,’ That-no parfon, minifter, vicar or curate foldmniiirtg punifhable for mbrfiages aftdr the twenty fifth day of March one thoofani ft- lolemnizing t<h,bhndred and fifty four, between pfrfbns, both Ur one of ",arria8e*t.,*‘‘ whtMrf fitall be under the age of twenty one years, after barms	the

pabliihed,' shall be punifliable by ecdefiaftic&l -cenfaresforfas- patents or ktuttitelng fitch marriages without confentof parents orguardi. guardians give aos, ’Whole confent h required by law, unlefs fuch parfon, mi* "°'10ttict ot utter, dricar or curate shall have notice of the diffem of foch pat- - en 1 MHf or guardians; and in cafe foch 'parents or guardians* - of but where ' OMroffhem; fhatt openly and publickrly declare, or caufe to befuch d,l!’ent dtaftrurf; Hi the eboreh or chapel inhere " the banns shall be-fo fl.ia,lJ?e de,‘r ihtMWiid; cftKetHne offoch publication, hts, her or thbictHfi- c;"on’ '* fWntoifodP1 mahtegt*,- foch publication of banns lhall beabfo- banns to be hite*y v»id. 7/	’	«f	ff	:*	;•	%	<	•	1	*	v	void.

IV. And





12 6	Anno ^iccfimo'ftkfxrGt oiwrtrTl.o&njg.	C

Licences to be £V. And it is herdbyfiHther enadfcd, That sio So^hteof mm* femnizc ma-° r”8e ft®M* from ,aod after) the faid twenty: 'fifth* dayofJdareirm trimonyin the the yearone thoufond fcYttri^;htm6red;md; fifty! fbnrpfact granted church or by any archbifhop, bifhop, or other ordinarly or (perfehahariog chapel of authority to grant fuch licences, to federative: anyJaarriogesm Iwhere'one any other church or chapd,: than m< the parish chttnchoor ptab-oVthc^rtks6 Kcfc chapel of or belonging < to the parish or thapeh^witJun lhall have re- which the ufual place of abode of one of the perfonsitodxKinar*-iided for 4 ried shall have been for the fpace of four weeks immediately weeks before, before the granting of fuch licence, or where bothy Or either of c*	the parties to be married shall dwell in any extrafperochral place,

having no church or chapel wherein bannt have been ufually published, then in the parish church or chapel belonging to forae parish or chapelry adjoining to fuch: extraparochial place, and in no other place whatloever.

Places Mfhich V. Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority a-roay be deem- forefajd. That all parifhes, where there shall be no parish church chia*hybrids" or^bapebbelonging thereto, or none wherein divine fervicefhall a a.	be ufually celebrated every Sunday, may be deemed extraparo-

chial places for the purpofesof this adl, but not for any other purpkrfe.

Archbifhop of VI; Provided always. That nothing herein before contained Canterbury's shall be conftrued to extend to deprive the archbifhop of QarHer~

f^iaihcraces ^***7 an(* ^,s ^uccc^rs» and h*s and their proper officers, ofthe rcfcrved.	right which hath hitherto been ufed, in virtue of a ootainlfta-

,	tute made in the twenty fifth, year of the reijrn of thadateKawg

r ...	Henry the eighth, intituled, An aft concerning Peter fcvw&ani

difpinfations; of granting fpecial licences to marry at any convenient time or place.	■	: ■ ° ’W;1 t

Surrogate de- VII. Provided always, and be it ena&ed. That firom aftdiafc puted to grant ter the twenty fifth day of March in the year one tboufondfdvtut licences, to hundred and fifty four, no furrogate deputed by any eodefisfti*

©f office °and ca* jodge> who hath power to grant licences ofi marriage, ihail give feeurity. grant any fuch licence before he hath taken an oath befor£tbr (aid judge faithfully to execute his office^ according to the beft of his knowledge, and hath given fecurity by Jnsrbond in the sum of one hundred pounds to the bifhop of she diocefe, for the due and faithful execution of his faid office.	<■?!<«

Perfons con- VIII. And whereas many persons do folemmzcmatnmetoy M pti-viaed of fo- fans and other places without publication of baumy or licence of mar* lemnizingma- r\Qge firftbad and obtained; therefore, rorxhe prevention thereof** outb^nns^rH- ** lt en3r&®d* That if any person (hall, from and after tht faid cence,orinany twenty fifth day of March in the year one thousand feven hu** other place, dred and fifty four, folemnize matrimony in any other place than Sec. except by a church or publick chapel, where banns have been ufually pub-cenoe	lifted, unlefs by fpecial licence from the archbt&opof Canute

9 bury; or shall folemnisematrimony without publication ofbannhj unlefs licence of marriage be firft bad and obtained from fdme person or persons having authority to grant the fame* every per^ ion knowingly and wilfully fo offending, and being lawfully coiv* vitfted thereof, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty Of fo-'

lony.

1753*1 Annawiccfimo feito»GEORGii II. 0^33.	127

Umfi wdrlhailhc tfortfpdrttdfto fotfie 'of hi* tMajcfty’i pi ant a- to be tranf. t»nairtljfjfDrr/^ forthe fpace of foufteea yem, according to the P°rted» laws tirc fofcefatf trattfpoitaf ion of felons * and< all marriages fo-hmwaied Jrom mvfrmbr the twenty fifth day of March in the year once thoofertd feven hundred and fifty four, in any other pheze t4»na church of fuich pubtick chapel,unlefs by fpectalli-cene'as.afbre&id, ior that mall be folemnized without puWica- andt. mar^ tienrofbanns, or licence of roarriagb from a person or persons Jj]™ tcTbc" hsrinfc authority t<y grant the fame, firft had and obtained, shall null, be namcmd void txxaH mtents and purposes whatfoever.

Provided, * Than all profecutions!1 for fuch felony shall be Profccution commenced! wHhinmbe fpace of three years after the offence *or lbe rame

cooubktedv1 • 'nr* .1 i:*o	< rae^ced° with-

• X.iPfovidpd always^ That after the'folemnization of any in 3 year*, marriage, under a publication of banns, it shall not be necel- Proof of the faiy mifojpport of fdch marriage, to give any proof of the adttial parties dwell-dwellihgbf the parties in the refpe&ire parishes or 'chapelries whereintbc banns of matrimony were pubHfhed ; or where the ra^r-marriage is by licence, it shall notbe neceflary to give any proof riages thall that the ufual place of abode of one of the parties, for the fpace have been fo-of four weeks as aforefaid, was in the parish or chapelrv where,,cmn/lzcd* 001

9	i	1	/	tieceflarv to

the marriage was folcmnfeed 5 nor shall any evidence in either of t^c val&ftyof the laid cafes be received to prove the contrary in any fuit touch-* iucfo marriage, ing the validity of fuch marriage.	<

XL And it is hereby further ena&ed, That all marriages fo- ;	'	'

lemnizcd by licence, after the faid twenty fifth day of Adarvb	by

one tkou/and feven hundred and fifty four, where either of the licence with, parties, not being a widower or widow, shall be under the age out confcnt of of twenty one years, which shall be had without the conftnt.ofthc parent* or the father of fuch of the parties, fo under age (if theri liting) ^tereritbet* fkft/had and obtained, or if dead, of the guardian or guardfems of the parties ofifhe.peribnof the party fo under age, lawfully appointed; or (not being a obenofthem; and in cafe there shall be no fuch guardian guardians, them of the mother (if living and unmarried) orif

tbere^hall be n6 (mother living and unmarried, then of a gu2r-Y0id. g

dianorguardians of the person appointed by the court of Chan*: ctry\ (hall' be absolutely null and void to all intents, and purposes whatfoever*

XJL jfndwhertas it may happen, that the guardian or guar/b'erfs,	oq

mother or mothers* ofthe parties to be married, or one of them* fo:	*	■>	*.»v

under age asefertfatd, ^ Non* compos mentis, or may he in <	! >( •

parts hejpnd thelfeasi or maybe induced wtreafonabfy, and by undue	’1 1

motives itoabufe the thifl repofedinbim, herir them* by refufvng or ''f>f withholding Us* ben or thevr confcnt to a.proper marriage; be it ,	,

therefore crta&ed, That in cafe any fuch guardian or guardian*) Where the mother- or meebers, or atiy of them, whefe confent is made ne~Euark^j^ c^feiy dafr afowe&M,; shall be Afar compoimentis, or in parts be-yombthe ftai^or focril refiife or withhold his, her or their con-, went is, or in (im^o^tbe mamage’ofrany pcifon, it (ball and may be lawful parts beyond far anytyofrfod dcfinObi of marrying, in arty of the befote#m*o- rthCifca8’or tioned cafes, to af>ply by petition to the lord chancellor, lord rafonablr

keeper, with-holi



128	Anno	vicefimo	facto	G&oRGii	1I«	C. 33.	[1739.

their confent, keeper, or the lords commi (Goners of the great feri of Gfr#

the parties Britain for the time

> who is and arc btrefag intpowfred

^eyiordPchan>t0 Procce(^ upon fuch petition, in a fomanry way i ami in cafe cellor, &c. the marriage propofed, fiiali upon examination appear to be and being ap- proper,, the (aid lord chancellor, lord keeper, er M cqamif-§rOVlfthy °r" ®oners °f the P*®*1	the time being, shall judicially de-

court, shall be clarc t^c famc to ** f°	an or(*er of court, and fuch order

effectual. shall be deemed and taken to be as good and effectual tp all in* tents and purpores, as if the guardian or guardians* or mother of the person lb petitioning, had confentcd to filch marriage*

No fuit to be XIII. And it is hereby further enacted. That in no cafe in the ecclefia- whatfoever, shall any fuit or proceeding be had in any ecclefia-TOmpeUmar! ^,ca* court» m order to compel a celebration of any marriage in riage in fade fate ecclefia, by reafon of any contract of matrimony whatfo-eccufi* by ever, whether per verba de prafenti^ or pfr verba de futuro, reafon of any	which shall be entered into after the twenty fifth day of March

contract.	jn tjlc yCar ortc th0ufand feven hundred and fifty four $ any law

or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIV.	And for preventing undue entries and abufes in refci-fters of marriages; be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That on or before the twenty fifth day of March in the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty four, and from time to time

S»*v afterwards as there shall be occafion, the church-wardens and provide§books chapel-wardens of every parilh or chapelry shall provide proper in which are books of vellum, or good and durable paper, in which all mar-to be regtfter- riages and banns of marriage refpedlively, there publifhed or fo-ed all roar-	Jemnized, shall be regiftered, and every page thereof shall be

bamit *n	marked at the top, with the figure of the number of everv filch

page, beginning at the second leaf with number one $ ana every leaf or page fo numbered, shall be ruled with lines at proper and equal diftances from each other, or as near aa may bej, and all banns and marriages publifhed or celebrated ip any obusefe or chapel, or within any fuch parilh or cbdpelry, shall be re* the fame to be fpe&ively entered, regiftered, printed, or written upon or (igned by the near as conveniently may be to fuch ruled lines, and (hail bO: xniiuitcr j figned by the parfon, vicar, minifter or curate, or by (bmeor .

thcr person in his prefenoe, and by his dire&ioni and filch ew-* , tries shall be made as aforefaid, on or near fuch lines in faocefo* five order, where the paper is not damaged or decayed, by ac<v cident or length of time, until a new book shall be thought pro* and the books or neccflary to be provided for the fame purpofes, and them to belong to the dire&ions aforefaid shall be obferved in every foch new book* the pari(h,and and all books provided as aforefaid, (halt be deemed to betoage to be kept for to every fuch pariftt or chapelry refpe&ively, end shall be case- -fully kept and preferved for publick ufe.

XV.	And in order topreferve the evidence of mapiagefcrad' to make the proof thereof more certain andeafy* and for thodi*> region of minifters in the celebration of marriages and regiftcfs. ing thereof, be it enacted, That from and after the twenty fifth, day of March in the year one thousand (even hundred ondfifty' four, all marriages shall be foknuuzcd in ttte pmforaof ewo;

/ / » or

publick ufe.

Marriages to belblcmnized in the pre-I of two

 

*953**1 Anno vfcefimo facto Gborgii n. c. 33.	129

dttftmit^cfedibk etitnefiel, bcfides the minifter who fhali cele- witnefles, he-tolttllw Ahnet arid'that immediMelyafer the celebration of e-	the ™*

Viby marriage, an entry thereof fhaHbe made in Ibch regifter to £1 reriftered* lM Itt^r'arafbfefidd? ft»which entry Or regifter it shall be ex- 6	*

£***’ %	'TJ'Tu™	C*,ebrated^uba1nnS	or	I*"	and	(igned	by]

ccncc'i and tr both or either of the parties married by licence, be the minifter/

under age, With content of the parents or guardians, as the cafe parties and *

(hail be ; and shall be figned by the minifter with his proper ad- witneffes.

ditton; *nd alfo by the parties married, and attefted by fuch two

wimeffcs; which entry shall be made in the form or to the effect

following; that is to fay,

A. B. of	\jhis\	Ptrifl	Form.

and C. D. of Parijb

were married in	thisby [lwith con^nt *

[/uardZs] tbh	day	of	in the,ear,

1

*	J.	J. I Virar |

.., .	a	B	*

This marriage	was folemnizedbetween us q‘	in the	•

B-. Fi	•

Q.H.

\* - * ....

' XVI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, perrons eon. That if any person (hall, from and after tbe twenty fifth day of lifted of Mar eh in the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty four, making a falfe with intent to elude the force of this a<5t, knowingly and wilfiil- ,**h® . tylnfert, or caufe to be infcrtcd in the .regifter book of fuch131 *** patifti or chapelry as aforefaid, any falfe entry of any matter or thing relating to any marriage ; or falfely make, alter, forge °roroff ; counterfeit, or caufe orpTOcure to be falfely made, altered, Jorg- &c. any Tuch cdor counterfeitedjOr aifor affift in falfely making,altering^forg- entry, in^orcounterfeiting Any fuch entry in fuch regifter; or falfely make, after, forge or counterfeit, or caufe or procure to be f^iely made, altered, forged or counterfeited, or affift in falfeJy®rof molbbtg-, altering* forging Or counterfeiting any fuch licence of,j£n™y marriage as aforefaid ; or utter or publifh at true any fuch fa be,	*

altered, forged or counterfeited' regifter as aforefaid, or a copy thereof, or any fuch falfe, altered, forged or counterfeited U-cenCeof marriage, knowing fuch regifter or licence of marriage reQtoftiwdy, to hjr faKe, altered, forged or counterfeited 5 or if	.	.

<h»ll, from and after the faid twenty fifth jay of; Marik wilfully deftrOy, or caufe or procure to be deftroyed, any iuIntent tuch. regifter beak of joalttmges, or anv part of fuch regifter book,-xegitter,

Vol. XXI.	K	with

to fuffer ' death.

Marriage* of the royal family,

and of quakers and Jews, and of perfont in Scotland, or beyond the feat, excepted.

This aft to be read in all parish churches and pub-lick chapelt.

Anno vicesimo fexto GeorGII II. C.34*	[1753.

with intent to avoid any marriage, or to fubjeft any person to any of the penalties of this aft; every person fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convifted, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of felony, and shall fuffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

XVII.	Provided always. That this aft, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to the marriages of any of the royal family.

XVIII.	Provided likewife. That nothing in this aft contained shall extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, nor to any marriages amongft the people called Quakers, or amongft the persons profeffing the Jewi/b religion, where both the parties to any fuch marriage shall be of the people called Quakers, or persons profeffing the Jewi/b religion refpeftively, nor to any marriages folemnized beyond the leas.

XIX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That this aft shall be publickly read in all pari(h churches and publick chapels, by the parfon, vicar, minifter or curate of the refpeftive parifhes or chapelrics, on fome Sunday immediately after morning prayer, or immediately after evening prayer, if there shall be no morning fervice on that day, in each of the months of September, October, November and December, in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and fifty three, and afterwards at the fame times, on four several Sundays in each year, fthat is to fay,) the Sundays next before the twenty fifth day or March, twenty fourth day of June, twenty ninth day of September, and twenty fifth day of December refpeftively, for two years, to be computed from and immediately after the firft day of January in the faid year one thousand /even hundred and fifty four.

CAP. XXXIV.

An ail to explain, amend and continue several law* more effectually to prevent the fpreading of the diftemper which now rages amongft the horned cattle in this kingdom; for the more effectual paying the expences of paffing vagrants •, for obviating doubts that may arife touching the keeping of prifoners, until the prifon of the Marlhalfea of the court cf King's bench, shall be rebuilt or repaired •, and for amending fo much of the aCt of the twenty fourth of bis present Ma~

• jefty for regulating the commencement of the year, and for correcting the calendar now in ufe, as relates to the time of electing publick officers of the city <?/Chefter.

WHEREAS the contagious diftemper amongft the homed cat-tiefill continues to rage in toil kingdom: and whereas thefeveral laws made to prevent thefpreading of the faid diftemper (which have been found ufeful and beneficial) are near expiring; may it therefore pleafe your Majesty that it may be enafted, and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the «dvice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons

Digitized

zed by GOO^C

I7£3-] Anno yicefimofexto Georgii II. c. 34.	iSi

mon*in this prefciit pprliament aflemblcd, and by the authority of thejfune#i That dn aft made in the nineteenth year of the	f

reigftofhi* present Majesty, intituled. An aCt to enable bis Ma- Jcvenringtht jefly to make rules orders and regulations 'more effectually to prevent fpreading of toe fpreading of the dijtempef which now rages amongji the horned cattle the di (temper in this kingdomt which was to continue in force for the (pace of eight months, and to the end of the then next feflion of parlia-menti and which bv an act made in the twentieth year of the i9Geo.'».c.5, reigd of his present Majesty was explained, amended and continued* and to be in force with the faid lad-mentioned a61 for toGeo.i.c.t, the (pace of eight months, from the tenth day of January one thpuumd feven hundred and forty fix, and from thence to the end ofthe then next feflion of parliament; and which faid afts, n Geo. 1.0.33, by an act made in the twenty firft year of the reign of his prefect,Majefty, were further continued until the twenty fourth day of September one thoufand. feven hundred and forty eight, ana 41Geo,ix.4.6. from, thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which by an aft made in the twenty second year of thp reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the twenty fourth day of September one thousand feven hundred and forty nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and alfo several claufcs in the faid aft made in 'the twenty second year of his present Majesty’s reign, for amending, explaining and enforcing the faid afts made in the nineteenth and twentieth years of his present Majesty’s reign ; and for preventing the fpreading of the diftemper amongft the horn- 4jGeo,».c.ai. cdcattle; and for impowering his Majesty to prohibit the kill- * " ' ing of cow calves; and which by an aft made in the twenty third year of the reign of his present Majesty were further continued until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the end of the then *+Geo ntat fcflidn of parliament; and alfo several claufes in the faid aft^mad^in the twenty third year of the reign of his present » and which by an aft made in the twenty fourth year reign of h»« present Majesty were further continued until the^lfday of September one thousand feven hundred and fifty One, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and alfo several claufes in the faid aft made in the fourth year of his present Majesty’s reign, for explaining arid enforcing the faid afts; and which by an aft made in the 15Geo.s c.3t. Ui^hty.fifth year of tfie reign of his present Majesty were further further con-CQOtii*ued until the firft day of September one thouiand feven tinucd* hundred and fifty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and alfo several claufes in the faid faclaufe aft Wade in the twenty fifth year of his present Majesty’s reign, f^ii^Geo.*. for explaining and amending the faid afts, (hall, except fo much of ad aft made in the twenty third year of die reign of his pre-fen^ Majesty, intituled, A>t ad to continue several laws for pre-fpreading of the dijimper which now rages among ft the hbryea cattle$ and forimftowtring his Majesty to prohibit the killing iialvci, as related to the impowering juftices of the peace.

 

Anno vicesimo fexto GeoRgii II. c.

to i Sept. *753, continued.

34*	[1753-

at their refpeftive general quarter-feffions of the peace, to li-cenfeany person refiding within their refpeftive counties, ridings or divifions to buy and fell cattle, be, and the fame are hereby further continued until the firft; day of September one thousand feven hundred and fifty three, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

II. And whereas by an aft made in the feventeenth year of the ^Geo.i.c^. reign of his present Majefly, intituled, An aa to amend and make more effeftual the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds and other idle and diforderly persons, and to houfes of correftion 5 it is % enaftedy That all rogues, vagabonds and incorrigible rogues Jfent by pajfes from one county, ridings divifton, corporation or franchife y into any other county, riding, divifton, corporation or franchife y Jhall be delivered to the conjlable or other fuch officer of the prjl town, parijh or place in the next county, ridings divifton^ corporation or franchtfey to be by him conveyed forward in fuch manner as by the faid aft is direfted; and that the allowances to be made to the conjiables and other fuch officers for the conveying of fuch rogue s7 vagabonds and incorrigible roguesy Jhall be paid by the high or chief conjlableSy and that fuch high or chief conjiables Jhall be allowed the fame by the treasurer of the refpeftive countyy ridingy libertyy iiviftony corporation or franchifey on his paffing his accounts : and whereas it frequently happens that the high or chief conjiables have not a fum of money in their hands fufficient to anfwer the fail expences; be it therefore enabled Vagrant* paff- by the authority atorefaid, That all rogues, vagabonds and in-ed from one corrigible rogues font by pafles from one county, riding, divi-fion, corporation or franchife, into any other county, riding, divifion, corporation or franchife, shall be delivered to the constable or other fuch officer of the firft town, pari(h or place in the next county, riding, divifion, corporation or franchife, and shall be by fuch constable or other fuch officer conveyed forward in the manner by the faid aft direfted and preferibed, and not otherwife; and that it shall and may be lawful for thetrea-^ furer of each county, riding, divifion, corporation or franchife, an<* 'ie *s ^ere^y required to pay to fuch constable or other office treasurer cer the charges of conveying (uch rogues, vagabonds and in-of the county, corrigible rogues, upon fuch constable or other officer producing to him the certificate and fuch other vouchers as are required by the faid aft to be delivered to fuch high or chief con-ftables; and the fums fo paid shall be allowed by thejuftices of the peace to fuch treasurer in his accounts, on his producing the vouchers aforefaid, together with the receipt of the faid con-ftablc ; any thing in the laid aft contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

IIL And whereas the prifon of the Marfhalfea of the court of King's Bench is in its present condition unfafe for the cufiodyy and dangerous to the health of the prifonerSy which inconveniencies cannot he remedkdy unlefs the faid prifon be repaired or rebuilt: and whereas it will be necejfary to have fome proper and convenient place or places provided for the reception of the prifoners in the mean tirnty whereupon doubts my strife concerning the legality of the imprifon-‘ * * *"	ment

county to a-nother, how to be,convey-cd.

and to be allowed in his accounts.



*753u] Anno vicesimo fexto Georgii II. c. 34.	123

ment offiahprifitters infuch other place or places; therefore to pre-Marfhal ofthe vent fuch doubts, be it ena&ed and declared by the authority a- Jnay^ccure^e forefaid. That until the faid prifon shall be fufficiently repaired or prifoners in rebuilt, it shall and may be lawful to and for the marihal of the any place ap-Marfbalfea of the faid court of Kings Bench for the time being, proved by the to detain and keep the prifoners committed or to be committed to his cuftody, in fuch other proper and convenient place or repaired” places as shall from time to time be approved of for that pur- »4Geo. * pofe by the faid court 5 any law or ufage to the contrary not- c. *3. withftanding.

IV.	And whereas within the city of Chefter the ufualand accuf-tomed time of the annual meeting and affiembly of the citizens of the faid city, for the election of the mayor, Jherijfs, treafurers, coroners and leavelookers of the fame city, hath been on the Friday next after tbefeajl day of Saint Dennis yearly : and whereas by an aft of parliament made in *the twenty fourth year of the reign of his present -Majejly,(intituled, An adfc for regulating the commencement of the year, and for corredfing the calendar now in ufe) it was a-mongft other things enafted, That all meetings and ajfemblies of any bodies politick or corporate, either for the eleftion of any officers or members thereof or for any fuch officers entering upon the execution of their rtfpeftive offices, or for any other purpofe whatfoever, which by any law, ftatute, charter, cufiom or ufage within this kingdom were to be holden and kept on any fixed or certain day of any month,

Jbould from and after the second day of September onethoufand feven hundred and fifty two, be holden or kept upon, or according to the fame refpeftive nominal days and times whereon or according to which the fame were at the time of making the faid aft to be holden: and whereas by the faid recited aft it was further enafted, That the holding and keeping of all markets, fairs and marts, whether for the foie of goods or cattle, or for the hiring of fervants, or for any other purpofe, which are either fixed to certain nominal days of the month, or depending upon the beginning or any certain day of any month, and all courts incident or belonging to, or ufually holden or kept with any fuchfairs or marts fixed to fuch certain times as afore-faid, Jbould not, from the faid second day of September one thousand feven hundred and fifty two, be continued upon or according to the nominal days of the month, or the time of the beginning of any month, to be computed according to the new calendar in the faid recited aft mentioned, but that from and after the faid second day of September all fuch markets, fairs and marts as aforefaid, and all courts incident or belonging thereto, Jbould be holden or kept upon, or according to the fame natural days, upon or according to which the fame Jbould have been fo kept or holden, in cafe the faid recited aft had not been made $ that is to fay, eleven days later than the fame would have happened, according to the nominal days of the faid new fupputation of time, by which the commencement of each month, and the nominal days thereof, are anticipated or brought forward, by the fpace of eleven days ; any thing in the faid recited aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithjlanding: and whereas before the making ’ of the faid recited aft, one of the annual fairs within the faid city,

K 3	commonly





The annual

Anno vicesimo fexto Georgii II. C. 35.	[*753*

commonly called Michaelmas fair, was begun to be holden and kept yearly, on the twenty ninth day of September, and continued farfe-veral days afterwardI, and purfuant to the directions of the laid recited aft, the fame fair will hereafter begin to be holden and kept m the tenth day of October yearly, which is the day next after the fea/l of Saint Dennis, by which means the Friday next after tbefaid feajl will always hereafter happen, during the time, of holding and keeping the faid fair; and therefore it would be very inconvenient, to the citizens of the faid city of Chefter, if the annual meeting and affembly of the faia citizens for the election of the may or * and,the a-forefaid other annual officers of the faid city,Jhouldcontinuc;to beholden on the Friday next after the faid feajt of Saint Dennis: for preventing whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the annual meeting and aflembly of the faid citizens for

for the eledtion of the mayor and other the aforefaid annual offi-eleaion of cers of the faid city of Chefter, shall not at any time .hereafter be

mayor, &c. of __________

Friday next after 20 Oft. yearly.

the city of holden on the Friday next after the faid feaft of Sain^t Dennis* Chefter, to be but the fame, and all annual meetings and afferahUes for that held on the purpofe,’ shall at all times hereafter be holden in the ufual and accuftomed manner on the Friday next after the twentieth day of October in every year, and not before; any thing in the faia recited adt of parliament, or any law, ftatute, charter* cu(fom, or ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for confirming an agreement entered into between the company of proprietors of the undertaking for recovering and preferving the navigation of the river Dee, and Sir John Glynne baronet, lord of the manor of Hawardcn* and several freeholders and occupiers of lands within the faid manor •, and for explaining and amending three several aCts of parliament of the fixth, fourteenth and feVen-teenth years of his present Majtft/s reign, for recovering and preferving the navigation of tbefaid river Dee.

CGeo.i.c. 30. XX7HERE AS by anaCt of parliament made in the fixth year of V V his present Majeflfs reign, intituled, An adk to recover ami preferve the navigation of the river Dee in the county palatine of Chefier, reciting that the fands, foil and ground, not being graft, commonly called The White Sands, from the city of Chcfter to the feu, and lying between the county of Chcfter on the north fide* and the county of Flint on the fouth fide, were of great breadth in enofi places; and that the find river not being navigablef was chiefly owing to the breadth of the faid finds, and to the Jbifting of the chan-ml from one fide thereof to the other, as the winds and tides varied* ana that the faid fand, foil and ground, commonly called The White Sands, were not, nor was likely to be of any advantage or benefit to any person whatfoever, unlefs the faid river was bounded in and made navigable by fea walls, banks and fences, which would require a very great expence, as well to ereCl, as to maintain and repair from time U time, as otcafion Jbould require 3 but that yet nevertheless if the

faid



,753*] Anno viceluno fcxto Georgii II, c. 35.

faid fands, foil or ground, commonly called The White Sands, recovered from the fea by fea walls, fowf; tf/xi fences as aforefaid, and the channel thereby confined to one certain courfe, it would not only ef-feftually make the faid river navigable, but that vefiing the faid White Sands in the undertakers, would be a confiderable encouragement to the undertaking thereof: Nathaniel Kinderly in the faid aft named, bis heirs and affigns, and fuck perjon or persons as he or they Jhould nominate and appoint, were appointed undertakers of the faid navigation, and authorized and impowered at their own cofi and charges to make and keep the faid river Dee navigable from the fea to a certain point within the liberties of the city of Chefter, called Wilcox Pointy in fucb manner that thire Jhould befixteenfoot water in every part of the faid river, at a moderate fpring tide, for Jhips and vejfels to come and go to and from the faid city \ and as a recompense for the fame, certain rates of tonnage were on the terms therein mention -td, granted by the faid aft to the faid Nathaniel Kinderly, his heirs, ajjigns or nominees; and as a further recompense for the expence which the faid undertakers Jhould be at in making the Jaid river navigable, certain lands, marjhes andfait grafs, and other lands therein mentioned were, fo foon as the faid river Jhould be made navigable, vefled in the faid Nathaniel Kinderly, his heirs, affigns or nominees for ever, to the ufe of the faid Nathaniel Kinderly, his heirs, affigns, or nominees for ever, under the provifoes and conditions in the faid afts mentioned: and whereas the faid Nathaniel Kinderly, and his affigns or nominees, undertakers of the faid navigation, began the faid undertaking, and made a new channel for the faid river Dee, through the adjacent fands and marjhes near ten miles in length 5 and the faid river was in the month of April one thousand feven hundred and thirty feven turned into the faid new channel, and hath ever since continued to run through the fame j and ever since that time, Jbips and vejfels of confiderable burthen have failed and navigated through the faid new channel up to the faid point called Wilcox Point, and the faid undertakers did, before the twenty firjl day of March one thousand feven hundred ana forty, finijb the faid undertaking in making the faid river navigable, according to the intent and true meaning of the faid recited aft of the fixth year of his Majejlys reign: and 14 Geo. a whereas by one other aft of parliament made in the fourteenth year of bis Majeflfs reign, intituled. An act for incorporating the undertakers of the navigation of the river Dee; it was amongfi other things enafted. That the feveralperfons therein named proprietors of the undertaking for recovering and preferring tlx navigation of the faid river Dee, and the reprefentatives of fuch of the fub-fcribers to the indenture or deeds poll therein mentioned as were dead, their fever al and refpeftive fucajfors, heirs and affigns, Jhould be ej refted into one company for the purposes aforefaid, and be incorporated by ’the name of The company of proprietors of the undertaking for recovering and preferving the navigation of the river Dee, and have power to do all fuch afts as the faid Nathaniel Kinderly, his heirs, ajftgns or nominees might have done, or were impowered to do by virtue of the faid aft of the fixth year of h’s prefect Majefiy, and to take and receive oil Juch duties, tonnage dues

K 4	and

 

13$	Anno	vicefimo	foapGRp^LGU	IL	c.	35.	[1753*

and payments wbatfoeverthefaij Nathaniel Kinderly, bis heirs»

affigns or nominees were impoivered to do by the faid aft* and to an-bank, inclofe, improve and apply Jo the uje of the faid fompauy9 the white fands, foil and groundy and other lands wbatfoever by the Jaid aft vefiedin the faid Nathaniel KLinderly, his heirs, affigns ana no-minees, upon tne terms and conditions in the faid oft mentioned* in the fame manner as the faid Nathaniel Kinderly, his heirs, affigns or nominees might have done, fubjeft to the limitations, • conditions and refiriftions in the faid act mentioned: and whereas tbi tonnage rates and duties appointed to be paid by the faidaft of parliament of the fixth year of bis present Majefiy* being by experience found to he too high, and to be a difcouragement. to the trade of the Jaid city of 17 Geo. «»	Chefter, by one other aft of parliament made in the feventeenth year

c* x8#	of his present Majefiy s reign, intituled, An act for explaining and

amending an aft parted in the rtxth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act to recover and preferve the navigation of the river Dee in the county palatine of Chefier, and another aft paffid in the fourteenth year of his present Mojeflys reign, intituled, An act for incorporating the undertakers of the navigation of the river Dee ; and for repealing the tonnage rates payable to the faid undertakers; and for granting to them other tonnage and keelage rates in lieu thereof \ and for other purposes therein mentioned $ the faid tonnage rates payable to the faid undertakers were repealed, and new rates granted and appointed to be paid to them in lieu thereof, and it was by the fame aft of the feven-'teenth year of his present Majefiy s reign, further provided and entitled, Thai nothing therein, or in the faid aftsof the fixth and fourteenth years of his present Majejlfs reign, or either of them contained, Jhould extend to be deemed, or conjlrued to extend to hinder or refrain Sir John Glynne baronet, lord of the manor of Hawarden in the county of Flint, his heirs or affigns, or any other of the proprietors of lands, grounds or fait marfoes within the faid manor of Hawarden, or any other per fan or per fans having or being inti tied to right of common thereon, their heirs or affigns, from having, uftng or enjoying the lands, grounds or fait mar foes lying on either fide of the banks and forelands of the faid new channel made by the faid undertakers, which were greenfword or grajfed over at the time of paffing the faid aft of the fixth year of his Majefiy s reign, and not vejltd in the faid Nathaniel Kinderly, bis heirs or affigns or nominees, or in the faid company of proprietors of the undertaking for recovering and preferving the navigation of the river Dee, by virtue of the afore* faid efts of the fixth and fourteenth years of his present Majefiy s reign, or of that aft, or from taking all the rents* ijfues and profits thereof, or from having and enjoying fuch right of common as afore-faid thereon, and all the rights, liberties and privileges,thereto belong* ing, according to his and their refpeftive eft ate, right, title ovinUrefi therein, in fuch manner and with the like benefit and advantage, as he or they xould, might or ought to have had or done, in cafe that or the faid before mentioned afts had never been made, fo as fuch. enjoyments, rights, liberties and privileges did not infringe upon, or Mr rogate from the powers given to the faid undertakers, for completing

and

 

*753*1 Anno vkefimo fexto Georgii II. c. 35.

OtrdprefirVixg' Safe fisid navigation y and recovering from the fea the faid White fekds by that a£J, or by the faid aft of the fixth year of bit profit# Majejly raHd whereas ftnce the making the Jaid lajl-men-twnedad several doubts and differences have artfen between the faid-company and sbcJaidSir John Gfynne, and fever al other of the proprietors of lands* and persons inutled to common in the fait marfhes within the find manor ^Hfcwarde n, touching the extent of the lands9 grounds or,fakmhtfi>es tying on the north fide of the faid new channel wpdaby the faid undertakers) which were greenfword or graffed over dt ob^^timefp{^g the faid aft of the fixth year of his Majefty's reign fond notvefted in the faid company, and several fuits were in or about the year one tbbufand/'even hundred and forty feven commence tdf dfuhtre Ml depending between the faid parties in relation there-Uio vmd' whereas* iri order to put an end to all difputes that have or dtybnpffi tidghP6rife> Between the faid company and the faid Sir John Gfysgi** tindf thp freeholders and other persons intit led to common vntbm the faid fnanor) in relation to the premiJfeSy and to any damn-gm wty&hdve been or may be occafioned to all or any part of the lands ery metrfhel ‘Within the faid manor on the fouth fide of the faid new cbastnoh,- ?by reafm of the faid Works of navigation, articles of agree-menbbave been lately made and entered into% by and between the faid Compaq of proprietors of the undertaking for recovering and preferv-ingtht navigation of the river Dee, of the one party and the faid A'r jobn Glynne of Hawarden in the county of Flint, baronet, lord of the manor of Hawarden, and the several other persons wkofe hands and Teals art thereunto fitbfcribedy freeholders and occupiers of land*) xvithin thefatd manor on behalfof themfelves and all other per-foni having a right of cornmoning upon the wafie lands, commons and felt marjheSy within the faid manor of the other party in the words or todhetffedfollowing ; that is to fayy articles of agreement, &c. and whereas the executing and effecting the faid agreement, would be for the mutual benefit of the faidcompany, and of all persons interefled in, or intituled UHtOy the faid lands y grounds, or fait marjhes within the faid manory or to the right of common thereiny and the great ex-femes which would riecejfarily attend the further profecution of the Juiis that have arifeny and are Jlill depending between the partiesy Wtll thereby be prevented; but Juch agreement cannot be rendered effectual40 anjwer the intention of the partie$y without the aid and authority of an ad of parliament; may it therefore pleafe your mod excellent majefty that it may be ena&ed, &c.

The recited article* of agreement confirmed. Right of common to ceafe when the undertakers shall give notice of their intention of taking poflef-fictn of the wafte lands on the north fide of the new channel. Undertakers to pay sool per annum in confideration thereof, for the benefit of the lord ana freeholders of Hawarden. The annual fums of aool and yA. charged on the lands.of the undertakers; and which may be diftrain-ed on for the fame, &c. Undertakers to preferve the navigation of the river on the fouthi fide. Expences of preparing the articles, and of patting this a&, to be paid out of the annual fum of aool. No person to ride or drive cattle over the banks, but at the ferries on penalty of 5s. The articles of agreement to be lodged with the clerk of the peace at Chefter, and kept amongft the records, and the notice of the undertakers for taking pgfleffion of the commons, $c. Undertakers impowered to make a



Anno vicesimo fecto Georgii I!, c. 36.	[1753.

call of sol. per cent, upon their capital, exclufive of the 81. toe. remaining to be called for.* Shares of toe defaulters to be ftopt, aod may be fold after three months. The money called in and paid, to be deemed a capital (lock. Committee to lay before the company a Rate of the accounts yearly. Aft to be expounded in the moH bent ft dal manner for the purposes aforeiaid. Roads to be fet out.

CAP. XXXVI.

An aS far ereSittg fevered publick buildings in the thy of Edinburgh, and to impower the truftees therein mentioned, to purcbafe lands for that pnrpofe •, and alfo for widening and enlarging the ftreets of tbefaid city, and certain avenues leading thereunto.

WHEREAS the city of Edinburgh, the metropolis of the?

part of the united kingdom called Scotland, is by reafon of & fttuation, and the fteepnefs of the afcent, and by tbo narrow and confined avenues leading to the principal ftreet thereof, rendered difficult of accefs, and the publick hath not hitherto been poffeffed of proper areas, eitherfor erecting buildings, or opening ftreets and pious ofrefort, as well for the convenience as ornament of the fend city: and whereas at present short is no convenient repofitory fufficient to contain the pubHdk archives, land rights, and other valuable fecurities, tranfmitted by the several clerks to the office under the care and keeping of the ford clerk regifter; and whereas many of tbo offsets of the several clerks of the fupreme courts of judicatory, are fcattered in different parts of the city, to the great interruption of bufinefs: and tho writings under their euflody are expofed to the danger of fire and other accidents \ and whereas there is no publick place or exchange for the refort of merchants or men of bufinefs, nor any town houfe, hall or borough room, for tbo annual convention of the boroughs of Scotland, nor council chamber for the magifirates, fit for the daily difeharge of publick bufinefs, nor any hall for the clerks of his Maiejtfs fignet, or convenient room for the library belonging to tho faculty of advocates 5 and whereas it will be advantageous not only to the city of Edinburgh, but to that part of the united kingdom called Scotland, and to the publick in general, that a more commodious place be provided for keeping the pub-lick regifters of that part of the united kingdom, and a hall built for the clerks to his Majejlysfignet, and that offices for the director of the Chancery, the keepers of the records of the great feal, the privy feat and fignet, the clerks offejfumof jufticiary and commiffton for plantation of kirks and valuation of teinds, as alfo offices for the accommodating the court of Exchequer, the general regifter of feiftns, hornings, and inhibitions, and for the clerks of the high court of admiralty, and commiffaries of Edinburgh, be provided contiguous to the houfe commonly called the parliament houfe, where the courts of feffkn and Cx-ebequer do now fit; and alfo that a proper houfe be prepared for the advocates library, a large hall or borrow room for the ufe of the borrows of Scotland, and other publick meetings, with a council chamber for the ufe of the magifirates $ and that an exchange for the merchants and men of bufinefs he alfo provided near the center of tlse city, and convenient communications opened to the highfir eet there of, from

 i^ooQle

1753*} Anno vlccfimo-fexto Georgii II. c. 36.	139

the north, fouth and wtjl: and whereat the mogijirates and council of the city 0/* Edinburgh have pur chafed fever at decayed hcufes adjacent to the houfe commonly called the parliament houfe, where the courts of session and exchequer, do now fit, with a view of providing a proper repofitoryfor the publick records, and for the advocates library, and proper offices for the director of the Chancery, the keepers of the great feaU privy feal andfignet, and clerks aforefaidy and they have alfo purchafedfevtral decayed houfes in a publick place moft proper for an exchange, and have alfo purchased fevtral houfes in order to make the paffage t o the high flreet of the city% from the fields on the north and fouthy more commodious: and whereas several noblemen^ many of the members of the college of juflicty ana other gentlemeny and alfo the mojl confiderable of the incorporations of Edinburgh, fenfible of the great benefit that would accrue to the publiciy by carrying on the faid worksy and at the fame time being fenfibUy that the city of Edinburgh is unable out of its proper funds to undertake and auomplifh the fame, have for carrying on the faid defigny under the direction herein after-menHonedy agreed to contribute certain fums of moneys and they and others may hereafter be induced to fubfcribe further fums of money for that purpofity but fuch intended improvements of the city cannot be carried into execution without the authority of parliament j your Majesty’s moil dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the provoft, magiftrates and council of the city of Edinburghy in behalf of themfelves and the community of the (aid city, do mod hum* biy befeech your Majelly that it may be enabled; and be it cn-a&ed by the King’s moil excellent majelly, by and with the ad-vice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and. commons inthis present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the moft noble Archibald duke of ArgyUy the moft Commiffion-noble James duke of AthoUy the moft honourable John marquis ers names. * of Tweddaliy the right honourable James earl of Mortony the right honourable John earl of Hopetony the right honourable Charles Arefkiniy lord juilice clerk; the honourable Andrew Flit-cher of Miltony one of the fenators of the college of juft ice ;

Sir Alexander Dick of Preflon Field baronet, James Dewar of Fo~ grio efquire, mailer John Forrefi of Weft Grangey the right honourable Robert Dundas% lord preiident of the court of feilion; the honourable Sir Gilbert Elliot of MintOy and the honourable Hugh Dalrympk of Drummore efquire, fenators of the college of juilice : the right honourable John Idley lord chief baron of hit Majesty’s court of Exchequer ; the honourable John Maude efquire, one of the barons of his Majesty’s Exchequer; William Alexander efquire, lord provoilof Edinburgh ; and the lord pro* veft of Edinburgh for the time being \ the right honourable Wil~

Earn Grant of Preflon Grange efquire, his Majesty’s advocate for Scotland; the honourable Henry Home of Kaimes efquire, one of the fenators of the college of justice ; Robert Craigieoi Glen-dock efquire, advocate ; George Drummond efquire, one of his Majesty’s commiflioners of excife; David Flint efquire, dean of Gild ; and the dean of Gild of Edinburgh for the time being; mailer John Brown, mailer James Stewart, merchants in Edin~

burgh ;



14O

Publick build ings to be Jde-ligned and ere&cd.

Method of chufing com-miflioners in the room of fuch as shall die or refign.

Anno vicesimo fexto Georgii II. G. $6.	[1753;

bttrph; James Kerr of Boughtriggs efquire, matter William Keir9 deacon convener bf the trades of Edinburgh ; and thedeacon convener of Edinburgh for the time being; matter Alexander Sharp, and matter Gavin Hamilton, merchants in Edinburgh ;. Robert Dundajsthe younger of Armjlountfquire, dean of the faculty of advocates; Alexander Bofwall of Auchinkik efquire, and Gilbert Elliot the younger of Minto tfquire, advocates ; matter Alexander Mac Afrllan, deputy keeper of his Majesty’s fignet; matter Hugh Crawford, and matter John Mac Kenzie, clerks to . the fignet, and their fucceflbrs, shall be, and they are hereby conftituted and appointed commissioners fordefigning, ordering and caufing to be ere&ed, or otherwife provided, in convenient places within the faid city, fuch buildings as they shall judge proper for the keeping and preferving of the publick records, which are under thecuftody, care and keeping of the ford cleric regifter; and for a proper library-houfe to the faculty of advocates ; a hall for the clerks to the fignet; a town-houfe, a hall, or borrow-room, for the annual convention of the commissioners of the royal burrows of Scotland, and for the ufe of the city of Edinburgh, or other publick occafions; and a council chamber for the ufe of the magittrates 5 as alfo for building and providing offices for the director of the Chancery, the keepers of the records of the great feal, the privy feal and fignet, the cferka of session of judiciary and commiffion of tiends ; as alfo bffi-ces for accommodating the court of Exchequer; and offices for the general regifter of feifins, homings and inhibitions, and for thfe clerks of the high court of admiralty and commiflaries of Edik* burgh; and for erefting an exchange for merchants, and other people of bufinefs to refort to ; and for making eafy and Commodious accefs between the high ftreet of the city arid the Country, northward, fouthward and weft ward, to the utmoft extent or the present royalty of the faid city.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,’ That in cafe of the death or refignation of any of the ten1'Commiffioners herein after named, that is to fay, Archibaldtluke of Argyle, James duke of Athole% John marquis of Tweddale, James earl of Morton, John earl of Hopeton, Charles Arejkine, Andrew Fletcher, Alexander Dick, James Dewer, or John Forrejl, fuch of the faid ten commissioners as shall furvive or remain, or the major part of them, shall and may from time to time, at fome publick meeting to be held for that purpofe, cleft and nominate a commiffioner to fupply fuch vacancy ; and in cafe of the death or refignation of the faid Robert Dundas, Sir Gilbert Elliot, or Hugh Dalrymple, the fenators of the college of justice shall and may in like manner ele<ft a commiffioner in his (lead ; and in cafe of the death or refignation of thV fard John Idle or John Maule, the barons of his Majesty’s court of exchequer in Scotland shall and may in like manner eledl a commiffioner in his (lead 5 and in cafe of the death or refignatibn of the faid Robert Dundas, Alexander Bofwall, or Gilbert Elliot, the" dean and faculty of advocates shall and may in iike maitnet Cle&a

com*



*41

*753*] Annovicefimofexto Georgii II. c:$6.

commiflioner in his (lead j and in cafe of the death or refigna- * tion of the faid Alexander Mac Millan, Hugh Crawfurd, or John Mac Kenzie, the clerks of the fignet shall and may in like manner eledt a commiflioner in his ftead ; and in cafe of the death or redgnation qf the faid William Alexander, William Grant, Hen-ry Homey Robert Craigie% George Drummond, David Flinty John Brown, James Stewart, James Kerr, William Keir, Alexander Sharpy or Gjx/ot Hamiltony the magiftrates and council of the city of Edinburgh shall and may in like manner eled a commifli-oner ii> his (lead ; and in cafe of the death or refignation of any of the jperfons fo elected as aforefaid, that then and in every (uch cafe, fuch of the (aid ten persons as shall furvive or remain the laid fenators of the college of juftice, the faid barons of exchequer, the faid faculty of advocates, the faid clerks of the fig-net, the faid magiftrates and council of the city of Edinburghy (halj refpedively from time to time, as often as any fuch vacancy (pall happen, and in like manner, eled a cqmmiffioner in bis place or (lead*

III. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the Meeting of commiflioners aforefaid, or any feven or more of them, shall the commifli-meet together at the room called The laigh Council Houfe in Edin~0Mt** bmrgby the third Monday in Juney which shall be in the year of our Lprd one thousand feven hundred and fifty three, and shall then and afterwards from time to time adjourn themfelves to the feme or any other place within the faid city of Edinburghy which the faid comuiiflioners, or any feven oy more of them,

(hall.think proper or cqpvenient, as often as it shall be necefla-ry for putting this ad, or any of the powers therein contained, intQ execution * and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any meeting which shall be appointed to be held by the (aid Adjourned commiflioners a fufficient number of commiflioners toad atmcctingi. fuch meeting, then and in fuch cafe the major part of the commiflioners fo met (though not a Quorum) shall by publick notice in any of the Edinburgh news papers, to be given at lead ten days before the next meeting, appoint the faid commiflioners to meet at the place where the meeting of the faid commiflton-ers was fo appointed to be held, within fifteen days at fqrtbeft next after the day on which fuch laft meeting of the faid com-miflioners, when there was no ^mrumy was appointed to be held y and the faid commiflioners shall at all and every their meetings bear and pay their own charges and expences.

iy.. And to the intent that an exchange may be ereded nwrCommifRon the center of the city ; be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, erf may con-That the (aid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, traft for land fl^aU have full power and authprity to agree with the owners andto huild w occupiers of fuch houfes and grounds as lie on the north fide 0fcxchanSc* thp high (Ireet, bounded by the entry to the tenement or land commonly called the Writer's Court on the weft, the ftone-land immediately below Allen's Clofiy commonly called Fair-holm's Lam( op the ea(l, the high (ireet of the faid city on the fouth, and Jste commonly called the North Lochy on the north t-.	2	parts.



t4*

and for open* ing a more commodious accefs to the High Street of the city from the fields on the north;

and for opening convenient entries from the High Street to the South *

Anno vicesimo fatto Georgii II. C. 36.	[1753.

part*, being one hundred and fifty feet frdm eaft to weft on the fouth boundary fronting the high ftreet, comprehending the whole houfes and ground northward from the laid fouth boundary to the North Loch, and to purchafe the fame atfuch prices as shall be agreed on between the faid comroiflioners, or any fe-ven or more of them, and the faid owners and occupiers respectively ; and being fo purchafed, with power to the faid com-reiflioners, to order the faid houfes to be pulled down, and an exchange to be eredted in fuch form and manner as the faid com-miflioners, or any feven or more of them regularly convened, (haH appoint and dirtdh

V.	And for the more commodious accefs to the high ftreet of the faid city from the fields on the north, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the faid commilfloners, or any (even or more of them, shall have full power and authority to agree with the owners and occupiers of fuch houfes ana grounds 23 lie on the north fide of the high ftreet of the Hud city, bounded by the great tenement or land oppofite to the Trone Church commonly called Adilns Square, and the lower fle(h market on the weft, the veinel or paflage called Halkerfton's Wynd on the high ftreet of the faid city on the fouth, ana the park or inclo-fure, commonly called lord ForgUn'i Pari, on the north parts including within the &id boundaries the range of houfes commonly called Kincaifs Lands % the houfeor tenement commonly called Howiefs Land, the houfes on the fide of the North Locby belonging to the heirs of Charles Robertfon, with fome ruinous houfes or ftablcs on the weft fide of Ha&erjlon IVynd, belonging to the heirs of Robert Reid fadler in Edinburgh \ andmeafuring forty feet from eaft to weft on the fouth boundary fronting the high ftreet, and widening to the northward to about sixty feet, and to purchafe the premifles at fuch prices as shall be agreed on between the (aid commiftioners, or any feven or more of them, and the faid owners and occupiers refpeftively, and to ord$r the faid houfes fo purchased to be pulled down, and the ground or area to be employed in fuch manner as the faid commiftioners, or any feven or more of them, shall appoint, for rendering the accefs to the faid city and high ftreet thereof from the north part* more eafy and commodious.

VI.	And for opening convenient entries from the high ftreet to the fouth be it enabled by the authority aforefeid, That the faid commiftioners, or any feven or more of them, after agrees ing with the owners and occupiers in manner herein after mentioned, shall have full power and authority to caufe a commodious paffage to be made for coaches and wheel carriages from the high meet to the cowgate, not exceeding twenty feet in breadth, beginning under the building to beere&ed on thatarea where the houfe commonly called Elpbingpon's LandWt&y flood* near the crofs, and comprehending within the faid paflage, thle three buildings belonging to the heirs of Geqrge Marjtallihil the heirs of William Hunter; as alfo the houfes or buildings in Betbwick's Clofe after mentioned $ videlicet, the middle and lower

tcnc-





1753*1 Anno yiccfimo fexto GEORGii II. C. 36.	14J

tenements belonging to the heirs of the faid Gwr* Marjbatl* and several houfes betwixt that tenement and the ftreet of the cowgate, comprehending the houfe belonging to Alexander Hutton, the houle fome time belonging to the heirs of Corfon or JobnJlon^ and now to the faid Alexander Hutton, the houle belonging to Robert Bowie> and the houfe fome time belonging to the heirs of the faid Corfon or JohnJion, and now to John Rattery\ and for that purpofe, if it shall be found neceflary, to caufe the gavel of the houfe, called Arthur Reid's Land, on the eaft of the laid area, to be taken down and rebuilt; as alfo to open a ftreet from the head of Peebles Wynd on the north, to the head of Haf-tie's Clofe on the fouth, not exceeding sixty feet in breadth from eaft to weft ; and that the faid commiflioners, or any (even or, more of them, shall have full power and authority to agree with the owners and occupiers of fuch houfes or areas as fall within the limits of the faid ftreet and paftage, and to purchafe the fame at fuch prices as shall be agreed on betwixt the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, and the faid owners and occupiers refpeftively, and to order the faid houfes fo pur-chafed to be pulled down, the areas to be cleared, and the faid ftreet and paflage to belaid or paved in fuch manner as the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, shall appoint.

VII.	And for the more commodious accefs to the high ftreet an(j for a

of the faid city from the weft, be it enadted by the authority a- more conimo*

foreiaid, That the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of dious icceft to

them, shall have full power and authority to agree with the own- *hc

ers and occupiers of fuch houfes and grounds asftretch from the tl* weftT*

houfe and (tabling at the foot of the weft bow, known by the

name of The Drovers Tryjle> in a ftraight line eaftward, to the

top of Htnderfon's Stairs, at the back of the parliament or feflion

houfe, not exceeding one hundred feet in breadth, and then in

a ftraight line from the top of the faid flairs to the high ftreet,

at the head of Befs JVindy not exceeding forty feet in breadth,

and to purchafe the premifles at fuch prices as shall be agreed on

between the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them,

and the faid owners and occupiers refpedHvely, and to order the

faid houfes fo purchased to be pulled down, and the ground or

area to be employed in fuch manner as the faid commiflioners,

or any feven or more of them shall appoint, for rendering the

accefs to the high ftreet of the faid city, from the weft parts,

more eafy and commodious, and other wife improving the faid

city within the faid boundaries.

VIII.	And be it declared by the authority aforefaid. That itMamftrates (hill and may be lawful to the maeiftrates and council of the council of city of Edinburgh, and their fucceflors, to give, grant, alien

and difpofe to the faid commiflioners, or anv feven or moreofian^purchsf-. them, or to fuch person or persons as they (nail nominate and ed by them appoint in their behalf, all or any fuch houfes, lands or pre- for the pur-mifles, purchased or which may be purchased by the faid city,j^8 a*orc' or belonging to them, which may be proper or convenient for carrying on the aforefaid works.

IX.	And



144	Anno	vicesimo fexto GeorGII II. C. 35.	[1753.'

Commiflion- IX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid* erimavagree	thc fay commiflioners, or any (even or more of them,

prictorsofol	kave full power and authority to agree with the owners

ther houfes and occupiers of fuch other houfes and grounds as they shall and grounds, find neceflary for carrying on the faid works, and to purchafe the fame at fuch prices as shall be agreed on between the (aid commiflioners and the faid owners and occupiers refpQ&ively, and to order the faid houfes fo purchased to be pulled down, rebuilt or employed, for the purposes afore faid.

X.	And whereas it may happen that form person or ptrfons, or bodies politick, corporate or collegiate, or trufteesy or others who are feifed of or intitled to fome houfes or ground which may be necejfary to be purchafedy pulled downy converted or difpofed of, for the purposes of this afty may be willing to treat and agree to feu fuch houfes or groundy in order to perfeft fo ufefiil and necejfary a tvoriy bat are incapable of granting and conveying the fame9 by rtafon of infancy or o~ ther difability by tcillies or otherwife 5 be it therefore ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Poll~ all bodies politick, corporate or collegiate, trullees, tutors or tbers Tm-°	cura*ors for	infants or minors, ideots or furious persons, or o-

powered to	ther perfons	for whom they are truftees, and for all and eveiy o-

fell to the	ther perfon	or persons whatfoever who are or lhall be feifed,

comini (lion-	poflefled of	or interefted in any houfe or houfes, or grounds,

e*$*	which the faid commiflioners shall judge necessary for the pur-

'	pofes aforefaid, whether by titles held in fee-fimple or taillied,

,	to fell and convey to the laid commiflioners, or any feven or

more of them, or their fucceflors, or to fuch other person or persons as they shall appoint, all or any fuch houfes and grounds, or any part thereof, for the purposes aforefaid; and that all contrails, agreements, fales or other conveyances that shall be fb made, shall be valid to all intents and purpofes; any law, ftatute, ufage, or any other matter or thing whatfoever to the contrary thereof notwithftanding: and that all truftees, tutors or curators, corporations, proprietors or incumbrancers, fub-jelt to taillies, and all other persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of or in purfuance of this all.

XI.	Provided, That where houfes, (hops or grounds. Under ?ndercntail entai^ are purchased for the purposes aforefaid, the price of the the price tobe premifles shall by authority of the court of feflion be laid out fettled to the upon land, or other heretable fecurity, and the rights and fe-fame ufe*. curities devifed and taken to the fame leries of heirs as are contained in the original title deeds of the fubjelts under entail, purchased for the ufes aforefaid ; and if it shall happen that any person or persons, bodies politick, corporate or collegiate, perlons re- whether the city of Edinburghy or others, or any persons, fufing to treat proprietors or occupiers of houfes or grounds where the ex-withthecom- change is to be built, or the paflages to the fouth, weft and miflioners, north opened, lying within the boundaries deferibed as afbre-to^e'iStled refpellively, shall rcfofe to treat and agree to fell the fome by a jury. as aforefaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners.



* 753*1 Anho vicesimo GeorgiI M. c. 36.	145

miflicrocrs/or srffV4even dr more ofttherti* and they are hereby impdfetted ‘ W iflwe out a warrant or warrants, precept or pre-crepwi/t:drw^^d m fhc 'fbertff depute of the county of Edinburgh, orlil^ftibftitute, tdmtnartding him, and he is hereby authorized and'reqaired'toMirrprfne! and return a competent number of fub-/fantid aiut dKhitere(^d perfotls, not lefs than-twenty five, nor more *lhUY thirty fix ; and out of fuoh persons fo to be fum-moned and rettmted, a jury of fifteen persons shall be chofen by the faid commiffioners/or any feven or more of them ; which persons fo to-be fuftimoned and returned, are hereby required to cOmt and appear before the faid commiflioners, or any* feven or mere of them, at fuch times and places as in fuch warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, shall be dtre&ed and appointed; and aH parties concerned (hail and may have their lawful chal-lenges-agadnft any of the faid jurymen : and the faid commif- witneflesmav Goners, or any feven -or more of them, are hereby authorized, be fummoned by warrant or warrants under their hands, from time to time, and examined as occafiori (hafl require, to call before them all and every per-on<oath* fon or persons whatsoever, who (half be thought proper or ne-ceffary to be examined as witneTTes before them touching or concerting the premifles, and to fend their precept or precepts for all fuch person or persons, who are hereby required to produce fuch books, papers, deeds and writings, as the faid commiflioners shall think neceflary for their information in any thing retating to this alt ; and shall and may adminifter oaths for the better difcovery of the truth of the inquiry by them to be made to any person or persons therein concerned, or to any other person or persons whatfoever 5 and shall and may likewile authorize the faid jury to view the place or places, or matters j t0 in queftion, as they the faid commiflioners, or any feven orthedamage more of them, (ball think fit: and the faid jury upon their and recom-oaths, to he adminiftered by the faid commiflioners, or any Pcn^c on feven or more of them, which oaths, as alfo the oaths to fuch oath * person or persons as shall be called upon to give evidence, or to be examined before the commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, they are hereby impowered and required to adminifter,

(hall enquire of and aflefs fuch damage and recompence as they shall judge fit to be awarded to the owners and occupiers, or any of them, of any fuch houfes or ground, or any part thereof, for their refoeltive eftates and interefts in the fame, as by the-faid commiflioners or any feven or more oF them, shall be judged fit fo be pulled down or cbnverted to the purposes afore-faidy and the faid commiflioners or any feven or more of them afljttnbled together, shall and may give judgment for fuch fum or (btrts bf money fo to be aflefled by fuch jury or juries refpec-tively; which faid verdidt or verdrdis, and the judgment, de- *nd commif-cree or1 determination'thereupon declared and pronounced by the’fifid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them a Ambled togettibr, and the value or recompence fo to be aflefled and de- ’ dared, (notice In writing -being firft given of their meeting at leaff twenty days beforv, declaring the time and place of their Yd!. XXI.	L	meeting.

146	Anno	vicesimo fexto Georgii II, C. 36.	r1753*

meetings to any person concerned, or being left at the dwelling-houfe of fuch person concerned, or at his or their ufual place of abode, or with fome tenant or occupier ^)f the lands, grounds or tenements, to be pulled down, converted or afFedted by this adl, in cafe fuch party cannot otherwife be found out to be ferv-which shall be ej with fuch notice) shall be binding and conclufivc to all in-binding s tents and purposes whatfoever againft all and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, having or claiming any right, title, trull or interest in, to or out of the faid houfe, grounds, tenements, and premifles, to be afFedted by this adt, either in fee or life rent, or expediency, as well infants, minors, ideots or furious persons, proprietors by tailly, life-renters, lef-fees or tenants, his, her and their heirs, fucceflors, executors and adminiftrators ; and the faid verdidts, judgments, orders, the fame to fentences and decrees, and the other proceedings of the faid andVgneTby commiflioners fo to be made, given and pronounced as afone-the commif- faid, shall be fairly written on a paper or parchment by the (loners j - commiflioners clerk, and (igned by any feven or more ot the commifTioners present at the making and pronouncing the fame, and shall be recorded in the town court books of Edinburgh; and the fame, or extradts thereof, shall be deemed and taken as good and effectual evidence and proof in any court of law or e-quity whatfoever.

XII.	And be it enadled by the authority aforefaid, That the may be fined ^ai<^ commiflioners, or any feven or more of them adting in the for negleft of premifles, shall have power to impofe any reafonable fine or duty.	fines,	not	exceeding	five	pounds	lawful	money of Great Britain,

on any of the persons who shall be fummoned and returned on any fuch jury or juries, and shall not appear, and who shall refufe to be fo fworn on the faid jury or juries, or being fo fwom, shall not give his or their verdicl, or in any other manner wilfully negledl his or their duty in the premifles, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adl; and likewife upon fuch person or persons fummoned as aforefaid to give evidence, and who shall negledl or refufe to appear to give evidence accordingly at fuch time or times, place or places, as shall be limited or appointed for that purpofe as aforefaid, or appearing, shall refufe to be fworn, give evidence, or be examined by or before the faid commiflioners, oc any feven or more of them ; and al-fo on fuch person or persons fummoned as aforefaid to produce books, papers, deeds and writings, before the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, for their information in any thing relating to this adl, who shall negledl or refufe to appear before the faid commiflioners, or appearing,'(hall refufe to be fworn or produce fuch books, papers, deeds or writings as a-forefaid ; and which refpedlive fines to be impofed as aforefaid, shall be levied in a fummary way, by diligence iflued from the court of feffion, in the fame way that is competent upon decrees of that court; and when levied, shall be paid in to the cafhier Application °f the bank of Scotland, or the royal bank of Scotkmd, and shall be ot the fine*, applied by the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them,

2	to

 C^ooQle

147

1753-1 Anno vicesimo fexto GeoRGH II. c. 36.

to the purpofe of this alt, and to no other ufe or purpofe what-foever.	v	,

XIII.	And it is hereby enabled and declared, That upon pay- ^ ment of fuch fum orfums of money fo to be awarded or ad- mcntor^n-judged to the party or parties concerned, or legal tenders there- der of the of made to him, her or them refpeltively, at his, her or their fum awarded, dwelling houfe, in cafe fuch party or parties can be met with, and on refufal of the fame, or if he, Ihe or they have no fuch dwelling-houfe in Edinburgh, then upon payment thereof into the bank of Scotland, or into the royal bank of Scotland, for the ufe of the party or parties interefted as aforefaid, and to be if-fued to him, her or them, by order of the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, and notice of fuch payment left in writing at the dwelling-houfe of fome tenant and occupier of the premifles, it shall then, and not before, or otherwife, be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners and their fucceflfors, and enter^^pull to and for their agents and workmen, to remove, pull down, down the F order, convert and difpofe of fuch houfes, tenements, buildings, houfes, &c. ground and premilTes, for the purposes of this alt, in fuch manner as the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them,

(hall fee fit and expedient; and the laid commiflioners shall be indemnified therein, and quieted in the pofleflion of the premifles fo to be ordered, converted and difpofed of, by virtue prev;ou$ n0# and under the authority of this present alt; provided that pre- tice to be vious notice shall be given to the tenants and occupiers of fuch given to tb© houfes fo to be pulled down, three calendar months at lead be- occupiers, fore the term of IVhitfundayy at which the faid tenants or occupiers are to be removed, by affixing a fchedule to that effelt upon the mod patent door of fuch houfe or houfes, or delivering the fame to the principal tenant or occupier of the fame; which fchedule shall be ordered and appointed, and fo delivered and Difpiites be-affixed by order of the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more tween the of them, and an advertifement thereof shall be inferted in any claimants of the Edinburgh news papers; and in cafe any difpute lhall a- h ** rife between the parties claiming, or intitled to different intered 'u c in the houfes, grounds, tenements and hereditaments, neccflary to be purchafed, pulled down, converted or difpofed of, for the purposes of this alt, or in cafe the title to the fame premifles lhall not appear fufficient and effectual to the fatisfaltion of the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, then and in fuch cafe after fuch damage and recompence affeffed or awarded by the verdilt of a jury, and fuch decree, judgment and determination of the commiflioners thereupon as aforefaid, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, to pay or direct the money fo to be a-warded or adjudged for the purchafe of the premifles into either of the aforefaid banks, or otherwife, at the requeft of the person or persons who lhall then be in pofleflion of the fame, or into the hands of the magiftrates and town council of Edinburgh, and their treasurer for the time being, in the terms, and upon the conditions mentioned in an alt of the parliament of Scotland;

JL 2	made

148

Ad in the year 1695.

The money to be paid with intereft.

After payment, com* miflioners may enter, &c.

Cortimiffion-ers to have the admini-ftration of the money fufo-fcribed, and to call for the fame.

Anno vicesimo fexto Georgii II. C. 36.	[*753*

made in the year one thousand fix hundred and ninety five, intituled, Aft relating to fate and payment of bankrupts ejlates, but * with interest as hereafter mentioned 5 there to remain until the matters in difpute between the parties interefted shall be fettled and adjufted, or the title of the premiffes cleared up or made out to the fatisfadion of the faid com miflioners, or any feven or more of them; and after the fame shall be fo fettled, adjufted, and made up, the money configned as aforefaid, shall be paid by the city of Edinburgh or its treafuTer, with interest thereof, at the rate of one per centum below the legal intereft, or by the faid bank, or their cafhier, to the order of the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them ; and after fuch payment into either of the faid banks, or confignation thereof as aforefaid, it shall then, and not before, or otherways, be lawful for and to the faid commiflioners and their fucceflors, or any feven or more of them, and for and to their agents and workmen, to remove, pull down, order, convert, and difpofe of fuch houfes, tenements, buildings, and premiffes, purfuant to and by the authority of, and for the purposes of this ad; and the faid commiflioners shall be indemnified therein, and quieted in the pofleffion thereof, and shall not be anfwerable or accountable in any court of law or e-qui'ty, for the money fo depofited or applied as aforefaid, any otherways than according to the tenor, purport, and true meaning of this ad; and if there shall be no challenge for five years, from and after the confignation of fuch price, it shall and may be lawful for the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, to iflue their warrant in writing for payment of fuch price and intereft, as shall be due thereon, to the person or persons who were in pofleflion as proprietor or proprietors of fuch houfe or houfes, at the time the fame were pulled down.

XIV.	And be it declared and enaded by th£ authority aforefaid, That the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, shall have the foie adminiftration of the money contributed and fubfcribed for, or that may be contributed or fubfcribed for, and they are hereby authorized and impowered to call for the fame from the fubfcribers at fuch time, and by fuch moieties, as they shall judge proper, with power to them, or any feven or more of them, to employ the fame in making purchases for the purposes aforefaid, and to take the rights and conveyances ot the purchases fo to be made to the faid commiflioners and their fuc-ceflors in office, or to fuch person or persons, bodies corporate or collegiate, as the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them shall dired, for carrying the purposes of this ad into execution, after deduding the reafonable charges expended, or to be expended in or about, or by reafon of pauing this ad, and for the ufes and purposes therein mentioned, and no other-ways.

XV.	And whereas divers houfes, or other hereditaments, lying and fttuatcd within the limits and boundaries above defcribedy or fame of them, have been, and are infured with and by the corporation called and known by the name of The Edinburgh Friendly Infurance a-

gainft



H 9

1753.] Anno vicesimo fcxto Georgii II. c.

gainft Lodes by Fire; and the premiums of infurance. for fome of them are or may be paid, as the premiums for others of them are, at the time of the demolition thereof in confequence of this present eft, may be owing, and the bonds for fuch premiums are made a g Geo ^ real burden on the premijfes injured*, by virtue of a clause in an 1 eo,ltC tlt oH of parliament pajfed in the firjl year of his present Majefly's reign, intituled, an an to explain the afis of the third and ninth years of his late Majefly's reign for continuing the duty of two pennies Scots on every pint of ale and beer fold in the city of Edinburgh, in relation to the paytnent of petty port cufloms, and for the more effectual fecuring the payment of fuch moneys as hath been or Jhall be contributed towards a charitable fund for re- D . lief offuch as Jhall fujfer by fire in the faid city, and the fuburbs and ordutTfor^1 liberties thereof: now for the preventing all difputes and infurance of queftions touching the faid premiums, or touching the applica- houfes, which tion and explanation of fome of the articles of the faid friendly J*11 be infurance, upon the demolition of any fuch infured premifles;	tan

be it enabled. That in all cafes where the premium for infur- s ance of any houfe, or other fubje<ft infured with the faid corporation, and which shall be pulled down in confequence of the powers and authorities hereby given, shall have been paid before fuch demolition, the faid premium (hall, notwithstanding of fuch demolition, remain with the faid corporation; and no adion shall lie in law or equity for repetition thereof, or of any interest arifing thereon; and that in all cafes where fuch premium shall be owing at the time of fuch demolition, the fame, and all the interest due thereupon for the time, (halt be payable and shall be paid out of the firft and readied of the price affefled or payable for fuch houfe, or other hereditament, immediately after the fame is fettled, before dcmolirtiing the hereditament infured, and notwithstanding of any difpute which may arift concerning the title thereunto, or the payment or diftribution of the remainder of the faid price.

XVI.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That if the If person perfon intitled to any policy of.infurance by the faid corporation, '^Vic fh^l^ tor any fuch demolifhed houfe or other hereditament, shall choose to in-choofe tp infure with the faid corporation any houfe or other he- fure any o-reditament, whether rebuilt on the fame foundation with the ther houfe, one demoliftied, or built elfewhere, then and in fuch cafe, the faid corporation shall be obliged to allow the premium paid or the premium, to be paid as aforefaid, for the demolifhed houfe or other hereditament, as and for the premium in terms of their articles of copartnery of the like value, to be infured on fuch new or o-ther hou(e, or other hereditament; and that the proportional interest in the flock of the faid corporation and profits thereof, which was annexed to and would have gone along with the de-molifhed houfe, or other hereditament, shall be annexed to and go along with the houfe, or other hereditament, fo to be anew infured; any thing to the contrary in the articles of the faid corporation notwithftanding.

XVII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, CommJflian-Jhat it shall ancj may be lawful to and for the faid commif-

&3

fioners, building*

litized by 



and fuch

S’ound as all not be necessary to

and may af-fign in what manner the houfes shall be ereded, and the

150	Anno	vicesimo fexto Georgii II. c. 36. f 1753.

*ieaed by fioners, or any feven or more of them, and they are hereby re-quired to lett, fell, and difpofe of the buildings, to be by them ereded at the intended Exchange, or elfewhere, (other than thofe that are to be rent-free as afore-mentioned) and they are hereby impowered to lett, fell, and difpofe of the fame to fuch person or persons as shall be willing to contra#, agree for, or purchafe the fame, in whole or in part, and to apply the price or rents arifing from the premifles to the purposes of this a#, and not otherwife.

XVIII. And whereas by means of the purchases which the com-mijftoners are hereby impowered to make by virtue of this afty they may be pojfeffed of feme piece or parcel of ground, over and above what may be necejfary for the opening and widening ef ways, ftreetsy and pajfages to and from the high ftreets and other purposes of this aft; be it further ena#ed by the authority aforefaid, That it shall and may be lawful to cad for the faid commiflioners, or any be taken into feven or more of them, to lett, fell, or difpofe of fuch piece or the ftreets j pieces of ground, either together, or in parcels, as they shall find mod advantageous and convenient, to fuch person or persons as shall be willing to contra#, agree for, or purchafe the fame; and to defign, aflign, and lay out, in what manner the pew houfes or ftru#ures to be built thereon shall be ere#ed, and of what breadth and extent the ftreets and paflages shall be, breadth of the an<* to ^ anc* difpofe of the materials of fuch houfe or houfes, greets. as the faid commiftioners shall purchafe and caufe to be pulled . down as aforefaid. ofPthemonL XIX. Provided always, That the monies arifing by the fale arifing by fale,or letting of fuch ground, and felling the materials of the houfes See. ot fuch to be purchased and pulled down, shall be employed towards

ground, or of the purposes of this a#, and to no other ufe, intent, or purpofe the materials, wha^ver.

XX.	And be it further er.a#ed by the authority aforefaid. That the monies to be called for by the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them as aforefaid, from the fubferibers and contributors, and all other fums of money arifing by fale or o-therways, in confequence of this a#, shall be paid into the bank of Scotland, or royal bank of Scotland, .to be ifliied out by order of the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them as a-forefaid, for the ufes and purposes of this present a#.

XXI.	Provided always, That nothing in this a# contained, shall extend to abridge or prejudice the power of the lord clerk regifter in the cuftody of the records committed to his care.

XXII.	And be it further ena#ed by the authority aforefaid, ereded for the That buildings to be fere#ed for the keeping the records, publick of- under the cuftody of the lord regifter, and for the advocates li-£ce« to be the brary, and hall to the clerks to the fignet, the town-houfe or property of room for the meeting of the convention of royal borrows and the city. council chamber, shall be the property of the city of Edinburgh;

neverthelefs fubje# to the ufes for which the fame shall be e-re#ed, and rent free ; provided^ that the magiftrates and town council of the city of Edinburgh, and their fucceflors in office, {hall be and ,afe hereby obliget) to uphold in good and fufficient

repair,

 

Contributions, and o-ther monies, to be paid into the bank.

£ord clerk regifter not to be prejudiced.

i5l

1753.] Anno vicesimo fcxto Georgii II. c. 36.

repair, the laid buildings to be ere&ed for the purposes aforefaid.

XXin. And that no delay may be occafioned by the laid Commiflion-commiflioners or their quorum not meeting, or omitting to make a regular adjournment; be it further tnalted by the u- in the year; ' thority aforefaid. That the faid commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby required and directed to meet at leaft four times in every year; videlicet, on the third Mondays of the months of June and July, November and February, with power to adjourn themfelves, from time to time, as they shall fee caufe.

XXIV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,the,r.firft That it ftiall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflion- mceUns‘ ers, or any feven or more of them, at their firft meeting, which

(hall be on the third Monday in June ^ the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and nfty three, or at any after meeting in virtue of the powers of adjournment in this ad contained, to determine and choose which of the purposes aforefaid . 0f car lhall be firft begun and carried into execution, and with power ^ngr0° the* to them and their fucceffors in virtue of this ad, from time to purposes of time, to regulate the order of carrying on the fevcral purposes thi* ad to be mentioned in this ad; or fuch of thefe purposes as they shall kttlc<1* find themfelves in condition to undertake, during the continuance of this ad.

XXV.	And be it further enaded ' by the authority aforefaid, Commtflion-

That it shall and may be lawful for the faid commissioners and anJntry^f their fucceflbrs, and they are hereby authorized and required thcir proceed-to keep a record of their proceedings, and to caufe a diftind ings and of entry to be made of the whole fums that are or may be contri- the ium con-buted towards the purposes of this ad; and to nominate a clerk clerk and and book keeper for that purpofe, and allow them for their book-keeper * trouble and expence a yearly falary, to be proportioned as the to be chofen, faid commissioners shall judge proper, not exceeding twenty five and a Mary to pounds, lawful money of Great Britain, for the allowance to 3^5 *0 be both, for themfelves and fervants employed in writing; and the balanced be-(aid commissioners are hereby required before the expiration of fore theexpi-this ad, to caufe their books to beballanced; and in cafe there ration of this shall be any fum or fums of money, buildings, houfes, grounds,	&c.

or other effeds undifpofed of, then and in that cafe the faid to be laid out commissioners are hereby authorized and required to appoint in further im-the purposes to which the fame shall be applied for the further provenience, improvements of the faid city, or any other purpofe in or about &c*

the city, they shall think fit; and to make over the faid excre-fccnce and premiffes remaining with them, if any then be, to the magiftrates and council of the city of Edinburgh, for the life of the community; and the faid magiftrates and council, and their fucceflbrs in office, are hereby appointed and required to employ and difpofe of the premifics and fums fo conveyed to them by the commissioners, in the precife manner, and according to the order that the fame ftiall be appointed by the faid com-ipiffiooers, or any feven or more of them, to be exprefied in

\j 4.	writing



Public*, aft.

Continuance of this aft.

Anno viccfimo fcxto Georgii II. 0.37.-44; [1753*

writing under their hands, which shall be put upon record in the books of council and feiTion, or town court books of Edinburgh, and be deemed, held, and taken by the faid magiftrates and council, as the rule of their procedure.

XXVI.	And it is hereby declared. That this aft is a pub-lick aft, and shall be deemed and taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and others, in all courts and places, without fpecially pleading the fame.

XXVII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefeid. That this aft shall continue and be in force until the third Monday in June in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and fifty five, fo far as relates to the purchafing of houfes, buildings, and grounds, and no longer; but that this adt, as to all other the powers and matters therein contained, shall continue and be in force, until the third Monday in June in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and feventy four, .and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for repairing the road leading from the town of Penrith in the county of Cumberland, by Hutton Hall, over Skelton and Caftlefow-erby Paftures, and Sebraham Bridge, to Chalkbeck in the faid county j and alfo the road which branches and feparates from the fame road up* on Caftlefowerby Pafture afbrefaid, and leads from thence through He* sket, otherwife Hesket New Market, to Caldbeck in the faid county.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act to enable the parilhioners of the parifti of Stone, in the county of Stafford, to rebuild the church of the faid parifti.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for repairing and widening several roads leading from the town of Bewdley, in the county of Worcefter, to the several places therein mentioned in the counties of Worcefter and Salop refpectively.

CAP. XL.

An act for repairing the roads from the city of Carliile to the town of Penrith in tne county of Cumberland, and from the faid town of Penrith to Emont Bridge, which divides the counties of Cumberland and Weftmoreland.

CAP. XLI.

An act for continuing and making more effeftual three afts of parliament pafted in the ninth and twelfth years of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, and the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the highways between Dunftable and Hockliffe in the county of Bedford 5 and alfo for repairing the road from the fign of (he White Horfe to the fign of the King's Arms in Hockliffe afore faid.

CAP. XLII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the weft end of Seend Street, in the county of Wilts, to the Horfe and Jopkey in the parifti ojf Box, in the faid county.

CAP. XLIII.

An act for enlarging the church-yard of the parifti of Paddington in the

county of Middlesex,

CAP. XLIV.

An act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a penny fterljng, on every Spots pint of ale and beer which mail be brewed

fpr





1S3

1753.] Anno vicesimo fex'oGEORGii II. c. 45.-54.

for fale, brought into, tapped or fold within the town of Dyfart and liberties thereof, and all places adjacent, lying within three hundred yards of the boundaries of the faid liberties, for repairing, improving and preferving the harbour of the (hid town.

CAP. XLV.

An adt for building a new church within the town of Manchester in the county palatine of Lancafter.

CAP. XLVI.

An adt for repairing the road from the borough of Leicefter, in the county of Leicefter, to the town of Alhby de la Zouch in the faid county.

CAP. XLVII.

An adt for repairing and widening several roads leading from the market houfe in Stourbridge, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Worcefter, Stafford, Salop and Warwick refpedtively.

CAP, XLVIII.

An adt for enlarging the term and powers granted by an adt paffed in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for rcpairiug the high road leading from the city of Durham, in the county of Durham* to Tyne Bridge in the faid county.

CAP. XLIX.

An adt for repairing the road from the city of Carlifle, in the county of Cumberland, to tne market and fea port town of Workington in the laid county.

CAP. L.

An adt for repairing and widening the roads leading from Redftonc Ferry, in the county of Worcefter, to the Hundred Houfe * and from thence to Monksbndge in the road to the town of Tenburn, and from the (aid Hundred Houfe to the faid town of Tenbury in the faid county.

CAP. LI.

An adt for repairing and widening the roads leading from a place called Baftng.ftone, near the town of Bagfhot in the parifti of Windleftiam in the county of Surry, through Frimley and Farnham in the fame county; and from thence through Bentley, Holly born, Alton, Chaw-ton, Kopiy, Bilhop's Sutton, New Alresfbni and Mattingley, otberwife Matterley Lane, to the city of Winchefter in the county of Southampton.

CAP. LII.

An adt for widening and repairing the high road leading from Heron Syke, which divides the counties of Lancaster and Weitmoreland, to the town of Kijrkby in Kendal; and from the faid town of Kirkby in Kendal, through the town of Shapp, to Emont Bridge in the faid county of Weftmoreland.

CAP. UII.

An adt to continue and render more effedtual three adts of parliament paffed in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firlt, and in the third and twenty second years of the reign of his present Maiefty, for repairing the road from Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxton and Chapel in the Frith ui the county of Derby, through the town of Stockport in the county ©f Chefter, to Manchester in tbe county of Lancaster, and other roads in the faid adt mentioned ; and for repair-ing the road from tbe School Houfe in Di<)*bury, tp the Bridge in Wimr flow in the county of Chefter $ and for eredting a bridge over the river Meriey.

CAP. LIV.

An adt for repairing and widening the road leading from Flimwell Vent in tbe parim of ricehurft in the county of Suftex, to the town and port pf Raftings in the faid county.

CAP,



Anno vicesimo fexto Georoii II. c. 55.-65. [1753.

CAP. LV.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an ad made in the eleventh year of his present Majetty's reign, intituled, An a3 for repairing the road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney to Stanford HiU9 and crofs Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Creen% to the turnpike at Mila End in the county of Middlesex.

CAP. LVI.

An act for continuing and giving further powers to the truftees for put* ting in execution two ads of pailiament for repairing the roads from the panfh of Enfield in the county of Middlesex, to the town of Hertford , and other roads in the laid ads mentioned.

CAP. LVII.

An act for railing a fum of money by a county rate, for purchafing a proper prifon for debtors in the county of Devon.

CAP. LVIII.

An act for building a chapel on the common, in the parish of Portfea in the county of Southampton, and for vetting power in certain truttees for the regulation thereof.

CAP. LIX.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the weft end of the town of Burton upon Trent in the county of Stafford, through the faid town, to the fouth end of the town of Derby in the county of Derby.

CAP. LX.

An act for repairing and widening .the road from the top of White Sheet Hill in the parish of Donhead Saint Andrew in the county of Wilts, through the towns of Shaftesbury, Milborne Port and Sheroorne in the counties of Dorset and Somerfet, to the Halfway Houle in the parish of Nether, otherwise Lower Compton in the ftid county of Dorset, and fe-veral other roads near the towns of Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforelaid.

CAP. LXI.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an ad patted in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An a3for repairing the road leading from Ealand to the town of Leeds in the wfl riding in the county of York.

CAP. LXII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Henlhalls Sipithy upon Cranage Green, through the town of Nether Knutsford, and by the fouth guide poft in Mere and Bucklow Hill, to the town of Altrincham in the county palatine of Chefterj and from the faid guide poft to Warrington in the county of Lancafter; and from Bucklow Hill aforefai4 to Penny's Lane near Northwich in the faid county of Chefter.

CAP. LXIII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from a certain place in the town of Salford, to the towns of Warrington and Bolton, and through Wardley Lane, to the town of Wigan, and to the ftocks in the town-fhip df Duxbury, and to a place called the Broad Qak in Worfejey in the county palatine of Lancafter.

CAP. LXIV.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Tadcafter through New. ton, Collingham, Harewood, Arthington and Pool, to Otley in the welt riding of the county of York.

CAP. LXV.

Ait ad for enlarging the term and powers granted by two ads of parlia-jpeat, one patted in the twelfth ) ?ar of the xeign of his late majefty

-	.	Kin5



1753*3 Anno vicelimo fcxto Georgii II. c.66.—75.	155

King George the Firft, and the other pafftd in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Liverpool to Prelcot, and other roads therein mentioned, in the county palatine of Lancaster $ and alfo for repairing the road from Prefcot through Whifton, Rain-Hill, Bold and Sankey, to the town of Warrington, and alio the road from Saint Helen to A/hton in the faid county palatine.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from Lobcomb Corner in the parish of Winterflow, to Harnham Bridge in the county of Wilts $ and from the weft corner of Saint Anne's Street in the city of New Sarum, to the paufhes of Landlord and Brook; and from thence to Ealing, and from Landford a fore faid, through Ower and Teftwood, to Ealing aforefaid in the county of Southampton.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from the eaft end of Brough under Stainmore in the county of Weftmoreland, by the end of Ap-pleby Bridge, to Emont Bridge in the faid county.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for amending, widening and repairing the road leading from Do* ver to Barham Downs in the county of Kent.

CAP. LXIX.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the Halfway Houfe Lp the parish of Lower Compton in the county of Dorset, through the towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne and Chard, to the eaft eud of the town of Axminfter in the county of Devon, and several other roads, round the laid town of Yeovil in the county of Somerfet.

CAP. LXX.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the Hand and Poft in Upton Field in the parifti pf Burford in the county of Oxford, through the several parifhes within mentioned, to a place in the parish of Pref. ton in the county of Gloucefter, called Dancy’s Fancy.

CAP. LXXI.

An act for repairing and widening the roads therein mentioned leading to and from the towns of Shepton Malet and Ivelchefter in the county of Somerfet;

CAP. LXXII.

An act for continuing and making more effeftual two afts of parliament for repairing the roads leading from Ipfwich to Cleydon in the county of Suffolk, and other roads in the faid afts mentioned; and for repair-ing the road from Cleydon aforefaid, to Codepham Beacon in the fai4 county.

CAP. LfcXIII.

An act to continue and render more effeftual two afts of parliament, one pafTed in the tenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, and the other paffed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Dunchurch, to the bottom of Mereden Hill ip the county of Warwick, and for repairing the road from the bottom of Mereden Hill aforefaid, to Stone Bridge in the faid county.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act for amending several roads leading from the city of Exeter.

CAP. LXXV.

An act for widening and repairing the high road leading from Northalier-ton, to the fouth wall of the church yard of the town of Thirsk, and from the fouth eaft end of the ftreet called Finkell Street in Thirsk afore* laid, to and through the town of Eafingwold in the county of York, to a place called Burton Stone, near the city of York 5 and alfo the road from Thirsk aforefaid, to Topcliffe in the north riding of the county pfYork,

CAP.

 

Anno vicesimo  fexto Georgii II. C.y6.—86;	[1753:

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for repairing and widening the road leading from Pipers Inn in the parish of Afhcot in the county of Somerfet, to and through Glafton otherwife Glailonbury, and Wells, to the direftion or white poll in the

Seat weftern road to the city of Bath ; and alfo from Wells to Rufh ill, leading to the city of BriftoL

CAP. LXXVII.

An act to explain and make more effeftual an aft paffed in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty’s reign. For repairing the roads from Don-rafter through Ferry Bridge to the fiutb fide of Tadcafier Crofs $ and alfo from Ferry Bridge to fVetherby, and from thence to Borough Bridge in the county of York.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act to widen and repair the road from the guide poft near the end of Drayton Lane near Banbury in the county of Oxford, to the houfe called the Sun Rifing at the top of Edge Hill in the county of Warwick.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or a fixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer which shall be brewed for fale, brought into, tapped or fold within the town and parilh of Preflon Pans m the (hire of Eaft Lothian, otherwife Haddington, for repairing the harbour of the faid town; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. LXXX.

An act to continue and render more effeftual feverat afts of parliament for repairing the highways leading to Highgate Gatehoufe and Hamp-Itead, and other roads in the laid afts mentioned, in the county of Middlesex.

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for repairing the roads from Livingftoun by the kirk of Shotts to the city of Glafgow, and by the town of Hamilton to the town of Strathaven.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act for repairing the road from the turnpike road at Buckton Bugp. in the county of Durham through Berwick upon Tweed, to Lamerton Hill, and alfo the several other roads therein mentioned, lying in the laid county and within the liberties of the faid town of Berwick.

CAP. LXXXI1I.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Kighly to Wakefield and Halifax, and from Dudley Hill to Killinghall, and the fouth weft corner of Harrowgate indofures, and more effectually to repair the roads from Leeds to Halifax and Bowling Lane and Little Horton Lane, and for building a bridge over the river Wharf at Poole in the well riding of thp county of York.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Spann Smithy in the townfhip of Elton, through the town of Middlewich, and by Spittle Hill in Stantborne, to Winsford Bridge; and from Spittle Hill to the town of Horthwich in the county palatine of Chefter.

CAP. LXXXV.

An act for repairing the road from Alhby de la Zouch in the county of Leicefter, through Burton upon Trent in the county of Stafford, and to the Cock Inn in Tutbury in the faid county.

CAP. LXXXVI.

Ah aft for repairing, amending and widening the road from Keighley in



1753*1 Anno vicesimo fexto Georgii II. c. 87.-95.

the weft riding in the county of York, to Kirkby in Kendal in the coun« of Weftmorland.

CAP. LXXXVn.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the (tone's end near Shoreditch church, to the centre of the bridge in Old Street road, and through Old Street in the parish of Saint Luke, Middlesex, to the weft end of the faid ftreet next the pavement in Gofwell Street.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An act for repairing the road leading from Oundle in the county of Northampton, to Alconbuiy cum Wefton in the county of Huntingdon from Barnwell in the (aid county of Northampton, to Alconbury cum Wefton aforefaid, and* from the Mile Brook in Hamerton, to Wood Lane end next the parUh of Great Gidding in the (aid county of Hun* tingdon.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act for explaining, amending and making more effeftual two aft* of

Sarliament, the one pafted in the twentieth year of hi* present Maje-y’s reign, intituled, An aB for repairing the high road leading from the town of Stockton upon Tees in the county of Durham, to Darlington, and from thence through Winftone to Bernard Caftle in the faid county} and the other pafted in the twenty second year of his faid Majesty’s reign, intituled, An aB for enlarging the term and powers granted ty the faid firft mentioned aB, and for the effeBual amending of the faid road.

CAP. XC.

An act for repairing the several roads leading into the city of Gla/gow.

CA?. XCI.

An act for repairing the road froM North Queen** Ferry, through the towns of Inverkeitiiing and Kiiffofs, to the town of Perth $ and alfo the road from the faid Queen's Ferry, to the towns of Dumfermline, Torryburn and Culrofs; and alfo the road from the faid Queen's Ferry, through Inverkeitbing, to Bruntiftand and Kirkaldie.

CAP. XCII.

An act for repairing, amending and widening the several roads leading from the Red Poft in the pari(h of Fivehead, through the towns of Lang-port and Somerton, to Butwell 5 and alfo from Curry Rivell to Pucking-ton Lane, and from Cary Bridge to Street Crofs in the county of So-merfet.

CAP. XCIII.

An act for repairing and widening the several roads in the county of Peebles leading from Tweed Crofs towards the city of Edinburgh by Blyth Bridge, La Mancha and Wheam, and by Linton and Cariops, and from Inglefton through Carlops, until all the (aid roads join the li-> mits of the county of Edinburgh.

CAP. XCIV.

An act to enable the owners of houfes and land* in the parUh of Saint Botolph without Alderigate, and the inhabitants thereof, to repair the church and iteeple belonging to the faid parifti.

CAP. XCV.

An act to explain and amend an aft pafted in the twentieth year of his present Majefty's reign, intituled, An aB for repairing the road leading from Catberick Bridge m the county of York, to Yarn in the faid county ; and from thence to Stockton in the county of Durham ; and from thence through Sedgefieldm the feud county of Durham, to the city of Durham*

CAP.

s



*58	Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii II. C. i. [*754-.

CAP. XCVI.

An act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a penny sterling, on every Scots pint of ale and beer which shall be brewed for fale, brought into, tapped or fold within the town of Paifley and liberties thereof, in the county of Renfrew, for improving the navigation of the river cart, and for other purpofes.

CAP. XCVII.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor in the parifli of Saint George, Hanover Square, within the liberty of the city of Weft-minfter, and for cleanfing the ftreets and repairing the highways within the laid parifli.

CAP. XCVIII.

An aft more effeftually to enable the parifliioners of the parifli of Chrift

• Church in the county of Middlcfex to purchafe, hire or ereft a work, houfe for the employing and maintaining the poor of the laid parifli, and for the more effeftual fupport and employment of the poor therein.

CAP. XCIX.

An act for the better relief and employiqpnt of the poor, and for enlightening the ftreets, paflages and open places within the city of Chichef-ter and several places adjoining thereto, and the dole within the (aid city.-

CAP. C.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor in the parifli of Eaft Greenwich in the county of Kent, and for repairing the highways and cleanfing the ftreets thereof.

CAP. CI.

An act to enable James Mallors to open a ftreet from the weft fide of King’s Street in the parifli of Saint Margaret in the city of Weftmin-fter, to the back part of the houfes, gardens and yard* ort the weft fide of Delahav Street in the fame parilh, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Anno Regni GEORGII II. Regis

Britannia, Franciay &	,	vice-

fitfto feptimo.

AT the parliament begun aniholden at Weftminfter, the tenth day of November, Anno Dorn. 1747, in the twenty firft year of the reign of our fovereign lord George the	Second, by the grace of	God, of Great Britain, France,

and Ireland, King, defender of the , &c. And from thence continued by several prorogations to the fifteenth day of November, 1753, being the feventb fejjion of this present parliament.

C A P. I.



An all to repeal an all of the twenty fixth year of his Ma-jcjly's	reign,	intituled, An act to permit persons pro-

feffing the Jewifh religion to be naturalized by parliament ^ and for other purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS art aft of parliament was made and paffed in the twenty fixth year of his Majejlys reign,} intituled, An a St

to



159

I75+0 Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 2,3.

to permit persons profefling the JewiJb religion to be naturalized by parliament; and for other purposes therein mentioned : and whereas oicafion has been taken from the /aid aft to raise difcontents, and to difquiet the minds of many of his Majejlfs Jubjefts : be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflembled, atid by the authority of the fame, That the above mentioned alt, and the several The recited matters and things therein contained, shall be, and is and are alt repealed, hereby repealed and made void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

CAP. II.

An alt for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thousand leven hundred and fifty four. EXP.

. c.io.

CAP. III.

An act for the better fecuring to conftables and others the ex-peaces of conveying offenders to gaol\ and for allowing the charges of poor persons bound to give evidence againjl felons.

WHEREAS by an aft paffed in the third year of the reign of 3 Jac. 1. < King James the Firffi intituled, An alt for the rating and levying of the charges for conveying malefaltors aod offenders to the gaol; every offender fo to be conveyed Jhall bear the charges of himfelf and of thofe who convey him; and if he refufe fo to do, his goods within the fame county may be%difrained and fold to fatisfy the fame \ and if he hath no goods, the conjlable, churchwardens and other inhabitants of the partfb where he was taken, /hall make a tax on every inhabitant thereof to pay the faid charges: and whereas the taxing the parish where Juch offender was taken to pay fuch charges, is a great difcouragement to parifhes to take offenders; and it is alfo found by experience to be very difficult to make a rate on the inhabitants to raise fuch tax, whereby conflables and others arc often kept out of their money by them advanced for the fervice of the publick, and fometimes lofe the fame, to their very great injury and vexation : for remedy whereof be it enalted by the King’sjnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confcntof the lords.fpiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the twenty Offenders not fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and fifty four, ^"fod^ray when any perfon, not having goods or money within the coun- thcexpences^ ty where he is taken, fufficient to bear the charges of himfelf, of conveying and of thofe who convey him, is committed to gaol or the houfethem t0 of correltion by warrant from any justice or juftices of the peace, then, on application by any constable or other officer who conveyed him, to any justice of the peace for the fame county or place, shall upon oath examine into and afcertain the reafonable expences to be allowed fuch constable or other officer, and shall Juftices to forthwith, without fee or reward, by warrant under his hand grant a war-and leal, order the treasurer of the county or place to pay the{Jearuinerof

fan\e.



160	Anno	vicefimo	feptimo	Georgii	II.	c.	3.	[1754.

the county fame, which the faid tfeafurer is hereby required to do, as foon

fthayh*Cnt as recc*ves wa**rant and any fum fo paid shall be allow-o ec arges.cj jjjg accounts.

Part of the II. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That aa of 3 Jac. 1. from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June fo much of the to taxing116 ak°vc mentioned a<5t palled in the third year of King James the

parifhes tor conveying of fenders to gaol, repealed.

The charges of attendance to be allowed by the court to poor per-

Firft, as relates to taxing the pari (h where offenders are taken, for defraying the charges of conveying offenders to gaol* shall be repealed..

III. And whereas the expence as well as lofs of time in attending courts of juflice, is a difeouragement to the poorer fort to appear as witneffes againji offenders, who thereby efcape the publick juflice, and the punijhment due to their crimes j be it further enabled by the authority aforefeid, That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of Ju6e% when any poor person shall appear on recognizance in any court to give evidence againft another accufed of any grand or petit larceny, or other felony, it shall and may be in fons bound to t^e p0wcr 0f the court, at the prayer and on the oath of fuch ^aliSVclons. Perf°n> and on confideration of his circumftances, in open court ’ to order the treasurer of the county or place in which the offence shall have been committed, to pay unto fuch.perfon fuch fum of money, as to the faid court shall feem reafonable for his time, trouble and expence; which order the proper officer of fuch f ^ h°bfflPa,d court *s he^by directed and required to make out, and to de-formakfa^ fiver unto ^ucb Pcrf°n, upon being paid for the fame the sum of out the order, fix pence, and no more; and fuch treasurer is hereby autho-rized and required, upon delivery of fuch order, forthwith to pay to fuch perfon, or other person authorized to receive the fame, fuch fum of money as aforefaid, and shall be allowed the fame in his accounts.

In Middlesex IV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and ena&ecf the overfeers by the authority aforefaid. That nothing in this adt contained °hthC	extend	to	impower fuch court, or any justice or jufticesof

whcre?lie of- tbe Pcacc> to make warrants or orders on the treasurer of the fender was county of Middlesex for the payment of the expencesof the con-taken, to pay liable or other officer in conveying any person to gaol, or for the payment of any person for his time, trouble and expence, who lhall appear on his recognizance to give evidence as aforefaid \ but that within the faid county of Middlesex the expences of the conllable or other officer, occafioned by his conveying of any person to gaol by virtue of a warrant from any justice or jufticcs of the peace, shall (after fuch expences have been examined into upon oath, and allowed by fuch justice or juftices, and for which no fee or reward shall be taken) be paid by the overfeer or overleers of the poor of the parish or place where the faid person was apprehended, who is and are hereby authorized and required to pay the fame; and the fum or fums fo paid shall be allowed in his or their accounts.

all fuch charges.

CAP.



1754*] Anno vicesimo feptimo GeorGII II. C. 4,5,6.	1

CAP. IV.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty four. EXP. At % s. in the pound.

CAP. V.

An act for punching mutiny and defertion $ and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. EXP.

CAP. VI.

An act to repeal a provifo in an aft made in the twentieth year of bis present Majefty9s reign, intituled, An act for the better adjusting and more eafy recovery of the wages of certain fervants, and tor the better regulation of fuch fervants, and of certain apprentices, which provides that the /aid aft JbaU not extend to the ftannaries in Devon and Cornwall.

WHERE AS by an aft made in the twentieth year of his pre- toQeo 1C tQ fent Majeftfs reign, intituled, An act for the better adjusting and more eafy recovery of the wages of certain fervants, and for the better regulation of fuch fervants and of certain apprentices, divers proviftons and regulations are made and enafted for the more eafy recovery of th; wages of fervants in hujbandry, artificers, handstraftfmen, miners, colliers, keelmen, pitmen, glafsmen% potters and other labourers, and for determining differences and dif-putes between mafters and millrejfes, and fuch fervants and other labourers and perjons aforefaid, which proviftons have been found very vfeful and beneficial; but it being provided by the faid aft that nothing therein contained Jhall extend to toe Jlannaries in the counties of Devon and Cornwall, the tinners anaminers employed in the faidflan-naries are frequently fubjefted to great difficulties and hardjhlps, and put to great expences m recovering their wages: and whereas it would be for the eafe and benefit of the faid tinners and miners, if the faid proviftons and regulations were extended to the faid Jlannaries; be i t therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by anil with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the provifo in the faid aft made in The recited the twentieth year of his present Majesty’s reign (that nothing claufc repeal-in the faid aft contained shall extend to the ftannaries in the counties of Devon and Cornwall) shall from and after the firft day of May one thousand feven hundred and fifty four be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

n. And be it further enafted and declared by the authority afore- The provl-faid, That from and after the faid firft day of May all the proviftons fioas relating and regulations in the faid aft mentioned and contained, relating to fervants, to fervants in hufbandry, handicraftfmen, miners, colliers, keel-men, pitmen, glafsmen, potters and other labourers, shall ex- Gf Devon# tend to fuch tinners and miners as are or shall be employed in and Cornwall, the ftannaries in the counties of Devon and Cornwall refpeftively,

Voh. XXI.	M	as

 L.ooQle

i6i	Anno	vicefirao	feptimo	Georgii	II. c.7.	[1754,

as fully and effeftually to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid provifions and regulations were herein particularly repeated and fet forth; any law, datute, ufage, privilege or jurifdiftion what-foever to the contrary in any wife notwithdanding.

The ftannary HI. Provided neverthelefs, That nothing in this aft contain-appUed^o^ ** shall be condrued to hinder or redrain any person from ap-F * plying to the dannary courts, or to the warden, vice-warden or Rewards of the dannaries, in relation to any of the matters herein before mentioned, in the fame manner as fuch person might have done before the making of this aft.

CAP. VII.

An aCl for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abufes committed by per fans employed in the manufacture of clocks and watches.

WHEREAS many perfom employed in the moling of clocks and watches have of late been guilty of divers frauds and abufes by purloinings imbezilling, fecreting9 fellings pawnings or otherwije unlaivfully difpofmg of the clocks andwatches9 or fuch parts thereofy or the materials for making the famey with which they have been mtrujledy to the great lofs of their employers 5 and the laws in being have been found infufficient to prevent fuch frauds and abufejy and to punijh the offender; be it therefore enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with die advice and confent of the lords fpiritua) and temporal and commons in this present Penalty oil parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That conviction of if any person or persons whatfoever, who shall be hired or em-frauds com-	ployed by any person or persons praftifing the trade or trades of

mitted by per- ciock-making or watch-making, or any part or branch, or parts in'th^nfanu- or branches of luch trade or trades, to make, finifh, alter, re-faCture of	pair or clean any clock or clocks, watch or watches, or any part

clocks and 1 or parts of a clock or clocks, watch or watches, or be intruded watches. by any person or persons praftifing the faid trade or trades, with any gold, filver or other metal or material to be, or that shall be, in the whole or in part wrought or manufaftured for any part or parts of a clock or clocks, watch or watches, or any diamond or other precious (lone to be, or that shall be fet or fixed in or about any clock or clocks, watch or watches, shall after the firft day of May one thousand feven hundred and fifty four, purloin, imbezil, fecrete, fell, pawn, exchange, or otherwife unlawfully difpofe of any clock or watch, or any part or parts of any clock or watch, or any gold, filver or other metal or material, or any part thereof, or any diamond or other precious (lone, with which fuch person or persons shall be intruded by any person or persons praftifing the faid trade or trades, or any part or branch, or parts or branches of fuch trade or trades, and shall be thereof convifted by the oath of the owner of fuch goods, or by the oath of any other credible witnefs or witnefles, or by the confeflion of the person or persons charged with fuch offence, before any One or more justice or judices of the peace

 

f754*J Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 7.	163

of the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town or place, where fuch offence shall be committed, or where the person or persons fo charged shall refide or inhabit (whieh oath the faid justice or juftices is and are hereby impowered and required to adminifter) every fuch offender shall for the firft offence forfeit Firft offence, twenty pounds ; and in cafe the faid forfeiture shall not be forth* with paid, the justice or juftices before whom fuch conviction shall be had, shall commit the party or parties fo convicted to the houfe of correction or other publick prifon of fuch county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town or place, there to be kept to hard labour for the fpace of fourteen days, unlefs fuch forfeiture shall be fooner paid ; and if within two days before the expiration of fuch fourteen days, fuch forfeiture shall not be paid, the faid justice or juftices is and are hereby impowered to order the person or persons fo convicted to be publickly whipped at the market place, or fome other publick place of the city, town or place, where fuch offender or offenders shall be refpec-tiyely committed; and in cafe of a further conviction in manner before preferibed by this aCt, for or upon a freond or other fubfequent offence of the fame kind, the person or persons fo again offending, being thereof convicted in manner aforefaid, dull for every fecona or other fubfequent offence forfeit forty Subfequent pounds; and in cafe the faid forfeiture shall not be forthwith offence, paid, the justice or juftices before whom fuch conviction shall be had, shall commit the person or persons fo again offending to the houfe of correction or other publick prifon as aforefaid, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, nor lefs than one month, unlefs the faid forfeiture shall be fooner paid, and if within feven days before the expiration of the time for which fuch offender or offenders shall be committed, the faid forfeiture shall not be paid, the faid justice or juftices is and are hereby impowered to order the person or persons fo again offending to be publickly whipped at the market place, or fome other publick place of the city, town or place, where fuch offender or offenders shall be respectively committed, twice or oftner, as to fuch justice or juftices shall appear rea-fonable.

II. And be it further enaCtcd by the authority aforefaid, That Penalty of if any person or persons shall buy, receive, accept or take by buying, Ire. way of gift, pawn, pledge, fale or exchange, or in any other manner whatsoever, of or from any person or persons whomfo- ferials, know-ever, any clock or watch, or any part or parts of a clock oring the fame watch, or any gold, filver or other metal or material as afore- t0 ^c purloin* faid, whether the fame, or any part thereof, be or be not*4, wrought or manufactured, or any diamond, or other precious (tone, which shall have been intrufted with any person or persons hired or employed as aforefaid, by any person or persons praCtifing the faid trade or trades, he, (he or they, fo buying, receiving, accepting or taking, any fuch goods, materials or effects, knowing the fame to be fo purloined or imbezilled, being thereof lawfully convicted in manner before preferibed,’

M z	for



164	Anno vicesimo feptimo GeoRGii II. c. 7.	[ 1754.

for the convi&ion of persons purloining or imbezilling the faid goods, materials br effeds, (hall, for the firft offence, forfeit Firft offence, twenty pounds; and in cafe the faid forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, the julticc or juftices, before whom fuch conviction shall be had, shall commit the party or parties fo convicted, to the houfe of correction or other publick prifon as aforefaid, there to be kept to hard labour, for the fpace of fourteen days, unlefs the faid forfeiture shall be fooner paid; and if within two days before the expiration of the faid fourteen days, the faid for* feiture shall not be paid, the faid justice or juftices is and are hereby impowered and required, to order the person or persons fo convicted, to be publickly whipped at the market place, or fome other publick place of the city, town, or place, where fuch offender or offenders shall be refpeCtively committed, once or oftner, as to fuch justice or juftices shall appear reafonable; and in cafe of a further conviction for or upon a second or any other fubfequent offence of the fame kind, the person or persons fo again offending, being thereof convicted in manner before prc-Subfequent	fcribed, fhallv for every second or other fubfequent offence for-

offence.	feit forty pounds; and in cafe the faid forfeiture shall not be

forthwith paid, the justice or juftices, before whom fuch conviction shall be had, shall commit the party or parties fo convicted to the houfe of correction, or other publick prifon as a-forefaid, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three months, nor lefs than one month, unlefs the faid forfeiture shall be fooner paidj and if within feven days before the expiration of the time for which fuch offender or offenders shall be fo committed, the faid forfeiture shall not be paid, the faid justice or juftices is and are hereby impowered and required to order fuch offender or offenders to be publickly whipped at the market place, or fome other publick place of the city, town or place where fuch offender or offenders shall be refpec-tively committed, twice or oftner, as to fuch justice or juftices Application of shall appear reafonable; and the faid refpedive forfeitures, when the forfei- recovered, after fatisfadion shall have been made thereout to the turei.	party or parties injured, together with fuch cods of profecution

as shall be judged reafonable by the justice or juftices before whom fuch convidion shall have been had, shall be paid and applied to and for the ufe of the poor of the pari(h or place where the person or persons fo convided shall relide or inhabit. Appeal to the	Prov*ded always, and it is hereby enabled. That if any

quarter feft person convicted as aforefaid, of purloining, embezilling, fe-Jtoitf.	creting, felling, pawning, exchanging, or otherwife unlawfully

difpofine of, or of buying, receiving, or taking to pawn any of the goods, materials or effeds, herein before-mentioned, mall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by the judgment of the justice or juftices before whom he or (he shall have been convided, fuch person shall have liberty to appeal to the juftices at the next general or quarter feflions of the peace, which shall be held for the county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town or place, Vrhere fuch judgment shall have been given; and that the execution



*754-] Anno viccfimo feprimo Georgii II. c. 7.	165

cation of the faid judgment shall in fuch cafe be fufpended, the person fo convicted entering into a recognizance at the time of Recognizance fuch conviction, with twoiufficient fureties, in double the fum w,th furctici* which fuch person shall have been adjudged to forfeit, upon condition to profecute fuch appeal with eneCt, and to be forth coming to abide the judgment and determination of the juftices in the faid general or quarter fefiions; which recognizance the laid justice or juftices before whom fuch conviction shall be had is and are hereby impowered and required to take; and the juftices in the faid general or quarter fefiions are hereby authorized and required to hear and finally determine the matter of Juftices to hear the faid appeal, and to award fuch cods as to them shall appear detcr’ juft and reafonable, to be paid by either party ; and if upon the mmc* hearing of the (aid appeal, the judgment of the justice or juftices before whom the appellant shall have been convicted shall be affirmed, fuch appellant shall immediately pay the fum which he or (he shall have been adjudged to forfeit, together with fuch and to award cofts as the juftices in the faid general or quarter fefiions shall ^

’ award to be paid by him or them for defraying the expences fuftained by the defendant or defendants in fuch appeal; or in default of making fuch payments, shall fuffer the refpeCtive pains and penalties by this aCt inflicted upon persons refpeCtively who shall negleCt to pay, or shall not pay the refpeCtive forfeitures by this aCt impofed upon fuch persons refpeCtively, who shall be convicted of purloining, embezilling, fecreting, felling, pawning, exchanging, or otherwife unlawfully difpofing of any of the goods, materials or effeCts herein before-mentioned, or of persons buying, receiving or taking to pawn any of fuch goods, materials or effeCts.

IV. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That Form of the the justice or juftices of the peace before whom any person shall conviction $ convicted, in manner prefcribed by this aCt, of purloining, embezilling, fecreting, felling, pawning, exchanging, or other-wife unlawfully difpofing of, or of buying, receiving or taking to pawn any of the goods, materials or effeCts aforefaid, shall Caufc fuch refpeCtive conviction to be drawn up in the form and words following; that is to fay.

y

Middlefex, 7 T)E it remembered, That on the	da

to wit. 3 of	in	the

year of his Majefiy's reign, A. B. was convifled before me (or us) of his Mafefly's juftices of the peace for the faid county of	or	for	the	riding	(or	divifion)

of the Jaid county of	or for the city, liberty or town

of	in the faid county of	(as	the cafe

fhall be) of purloining, embezilling, fecreting, felling, pawning, exchanging, or unlawfully difpofing of, or of buying, receiving or taking to pawn (as the cafe shall happen to be)	(fpnifying

the respective goods, materials or effefts) the property of C. I), of in the county of

Given under my hand and feal (or our hands and feals) the day and year aforefaid.

M 3	Which





i 66

®ot to be re-moved by Certiorari, and to be transmitted to the next quarter feflions, &c.

Juftice upon complaint on oatb, to iffue his warrant for apprehending any offender,

and to hear arid determine the mat ter.

Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii II. c.8.	[1754.

Which feid form and convidtion shall not be liable to be removed by Certiorari into his Majesty’s court of King’s Bench; and the (aid justice or juftices before whom fuch conviction shall be had, shall caufe the fame, drawn up in the form aforefeid, to be fairly written upon parchment, and tranfmitted to the next general or quarter feflions of the peace, to be held for the county, riding, divifion, city, town or liberty wherein fuch conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongft the records of the faid general or quarter fefiions; and in cafe any person or per-forts fo convicted shall appeal from the judgment of the (aid justice or juftices to the faid general or quarter feflions, the juftices in fuch general or quarter fefiions are hereby required upon receiving the faid conviction, drawn up in the form afore-faid, to proceed to the hearing and determination of the matter of the faid appeal, according to the directions of this aCt \ any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefeid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one justice of the peace of any county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town or place, and he is hereby required, upon complaint to him made upon oath of any offence committed againft this aCt within the fame county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town or place, to iffiie his warrant for apprehending and bringing before him, or before any other justice or juftices of the peace of the feme county, riding, divifion, city, liberty, town or place, the person or per-fons charged with fuch offence; and the justice or juftices before whom fuch person or persons shall be brought, is and are - hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the matter of every fuch complaint, and to proceed to convidtion and judgment thereupon.

CAP. VIII.

An all for improving and enlarging the harbour of Leith, and to empower the truftees therein mentioned to purebafe lands for that purpofe •, and for ere&ing docks and other conveniencies on tbe fides thereof.

E AS the harbour of Leith, lying in the frith 0/* Forth, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, is too fmaUy and not convenient for the reception of Jhipping: and whereas the enlarging and deepening the faid harbour, and the erecting conveniencies for building, repairing, loading, unloading and laying up of Jbips and vejfels, and the building convenient warehoufes, wharfs and quays adjoining thereto, for the more commodious loadings unloading and rt~ ception of goods, would be of great ufe not only to the city of Edinburgh, but to the publict in general^ by increafing trade and navigation, and advancing the revenue of his Majejly's cuftoms: and whereas the lord provojl, magiflrates and town council of Edinburgh, being fenfible of the advantages that will arife to that city, and to the pub-lick in general, by carrying the faid worts into execution, have agreed to contribute the sum of two tkoufand pounds Sterling for computing

the





1754*1 Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 9.	167

the famt; and divers other	perfons are willing to contribute a further

fum for that purpofe} but that it is not poffible effectually to carry the faid works into execution without the authority of parliament; may it therefore pleafe your Majesty, that it may be enadted, 13c.

Heretors and merchants appointed commiflioners. Seven impowered to aft. Other freeholders to be chofen in the room of fuch as shall die. See. and To of the merchants, See. Heretors and merchants neglecting to fill up vacancies, the afting commiflioners to cleft. CoVnmiflionert impowered to demolifh the old bridge, and ereft a draw-bridge, *&c. No goods to be landed or ihipped but at fuch places as purfuant to 6 Ann. c. %6. Spaces for publick quays to be referved on each fide of the river. The manfe and garden of the minifter, See. of North Leith not to be damaged. Accounts,

See. to be open to infpeftion of any member, &c. At the expiration of this aft, the books to be delivered to the town counciL City of Edinburgh impowered to contribute 10001. Commiflioners to receive other fubfenp-tions. Purchafes after the expiration of this aft* the fame to veil in tne provoft, magiftrates and council of the city. The rights and privileges of the present harbour, &c. to extend to the new additions. The city to exercife the fame jurifdiftion over the new, as over the present harbour.

See. fo as not to interfere with the powers granted to the commiflioners. Proprietors refuting or difabled to make a (ale of grounds, the commiflioners to appoint the valuation to be fettled by a jury, which is to be paid within 30 days, and the premifles fo be converted to veil in the commiflioners,

See. and deeds thereof to be granted upon the certificate of eight of the jury, Sec. The miniiler and kirk feflion, and heretors of North Leith, impowered to difpofe of their property in fuch grounds as shall be neccflary to oe taken into the works; the money to be applied in purchafe of other grounds. Continuance of this aft to the third Tuefday in June 1759. fo n^r as relates to the making of purchases; and in other matters to 31 Dec.

1770, Sec.

CAP. IX.

An ail for punijhing mutiny and defertion of officers and fol-diers in the fervice of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eafl-Indies•, and for the punifb-ment of offences committed in the Eaft-Indies, or at the t/land of Saint Helena.

WHEREAS the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft-Indies, are poffeffed of several principal fettlements in the Eaft-Indies, and of several fettlements or factories fubordinate to fuch principal fettlements, and are alfo poffeffed of the ijland of Saint Helena: and for the fafety and protection of the jaid fettlements and places, and for the better carrying on of their trade to the advantage of this nation, the faid united company, at their own tofts and charges, do maintain and keep a military force for the gar-rifon and defence of the faid fettlements, factories and places: and it being requifite for the retaining of fuch forces in their duty, that an exaft difeipline be obferved, ana that foldiers who Jball mutiny, or f ir up /edition, or Jball defert the fata company's fervice, be brought to a more exemplary and fpeedy punifhment than the ufual forms of the law do allow; be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritua! and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflecnbled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and

M 4	after

168	Anno	vicclimo	feptimo	Georgii	II.	c.	g.	[	f	754.

Every officer after the twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred or foldier inthe	fifty four> jf any person being muftered, or in pay as an of-

af- 6cer> or W^Q *s or shall be bfted, or in l^e bid company’s pay ter publication as a foldier in any of their fettlements, or in the faid ifland of of this a£t.	Saint Helena refpe&ively, shall at any time after the publication

of this a&, in their principal fettlements, and in the (aid ifland shall mutiny, of Saint Helena refpe&ively, and within fuch time as fuch officer or defert, See. or foldier shall have contracted and agreed to ferve the faid united company, begin, excite, caufe or join in any mutiny or fcdi-tion in the company, troop or regiment whereto he doth belong, or in any other company, troop or regiment in the faid united company’s fervice; or shall not ufe his utmoft endeavours or lift in any to ^uPPrc^s the fame, or coming to the knowledge of any muti-other regi-	ny, or intended mutiny, shall not without delay give informa-

j$ent, See.	tion thereof to his commanding officer; or shall defert the faid

united company’s fervice, or being a foldier actually lifted in any regiment, troop or company, shall lift himfelf in any other regiment, troop or company, without a difeharge produced in writing from the officer commanding in chief the regiment, or (hail be trooP or company, in which he laft ferved as a lifted foldier; or found (leeping shall be found fleeping upon his poft, or (hail leave it before re-on, or (ball lieved; or if any officer or foldier in the faid united company’s deferthispoft, fervice (hall, eitner upon land, or upon the fea, hold correfdon-or correfpond ^ence w^h any rebel to his Majesty, or with any enemy ot his with the ene-	Majefty, or of the faid united company; or give them advice or

my,	intelligence either by letters, meflages, figns or tokens, in any

manner or way whatfoevfcr; or shall treat with fuch rebels or enemies, or enter into any condition with them without the licence of the faid united company, or of the faid united company's prefident and council, at any of their faid principal fettlements, or of the faid united company’s governor and council or shall ftrike at ^amt ^ena> or without the licence of the general, lieute-or not obey 9 nant general, or chief commander of the faid company’s forces; his fuperior or shall ftrike or ufe any violence againft his fuperior officer, be-officcr, shall ing in the execution of his office; or shall difobey any lawful oHUch^u1* coaima!*d of his fuperior officer; all and every person and per-ilhment a**” f°ns offending in any of the matters before mentioned shall court-martial fuffer death., or fuch other punifhment as by a court-martial (hall	(hall be infli&ed.

The King II. And be it further enaefted by the authority aforefaid. That may grant a his Majesty may grant a commiflion or warrant under his royal rommiflion to fign manual, unto the court of directors of the faid united com-Pany* by v>rtuc of fuch commiflion or warrant, shall have 9	'	power under the feal of the faid united company to authorize

and impower their prefident and council for the time being, at their faid principal fettlements refpedtively, or the major part of them, and their governor and council for the time being at the faid ifland of Saint Helena, or the major part of them, from time to time to appoint courts-martial; and to authorize and impower the commander in chief of any detachment of any of the officers or foldiers employed in the faid company’s fejvice, to

appoint



i754* 3 Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 9,	169

appoint courts-martial for die trial of any of the officers or foldi-ers under their refpe&ive commands; in which courts-martial all the offences above mentioned, and all other offences herein after fpecified, shall be tried and proceeded againft in fuch manner as by this ad shall be hereafter direded.

III.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That when and fo Thecomman-long as any of his Majesty’s forces shall be employed to ad in der in chief defence of any of the faid company's fettlements, or to aflift coiSTmluti-againft any of their enemies in the Eaft Indies, the power of ap-pointing courts-martial, or authorizing fuch appointment as afbrefaid, shall be in the commander in chief of fuch his Ma-

jefty’s forces for the time being, over fuch of the faid company's officers and foldiers as shall belong to the principal fettlcment where or from whence fuch forces shall be employed.

IV.	And be it alfo further enaded, That it shall and may be Immoralities,

lawful to and for fuch courts-martial, by their fentence or judg- <>«* negled of ment, to inflid corporal puni(hment on any foldier for immo- Courts raliries, mifbehaviour or negled of duty.	martial.

V.	And it is hereby further enaded. That no general court-martial which shall have power to fit by virtue erf this ad, or

by any authority from the commander in chief of his Majesty’s confift of a left forces, or by appointment of the prefident aftd council of any number than erf the faid united company’s principal fettlements, or the ma- nine-jor part of them, shall confift of a lefs number than nine; whereof none to be under the degree of a commiflion officer; pendent of and the prefident of fuch general courts-martial shall neither be the court, the commander in chief, or governor of the garrifon where the offender shall be tried, nor under the degree of a captain; and that no general court-martial, which fhali have power to fit by Genera! court virtue of this ad, by appointment from the governor and coun-	at

oil of Saint Helena, or the major part of them, shall confift of a bsuft c cna* lefs number than five, whereof none to b$ under the degree of a not to confift commiffioned officer; and the prefident of fuch general court- of lefs than 5. martial shall neither be the commander in chief, or governor J^dent of the garrifon where the offender shall be tried, nor under theimc court-degree of a lieutenant; and that fuch courts martial shall have Courts marti* power and authority, and are hereby required to take and ad- ai 1°*^admi* minifter fuch oaths, and to proceed in fuch manner as his Ma- ni er 041 8# jefty shall from time to time think fit to order and dired, by any rules or orders under his royal fign manual; and no fentcncc^^sof of death shall be given againft any offender in fuch cafe by prerent to con* any general court-martial, unlefs two thirds of the officers pre- cur in all fen-fent mail concur therein; and no proceeding or trial shall be had tences of upon any offence, but between the hours of eight of the clock in dcath* the morning and three in the afternoon, except in cafes which Hour| 0f trial, reouire an immediate example.

VI.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded by the autho- judgeadiro-rity aforefeid, That every judge advocatt, or person officiating cate8to tranf-as fuch at any general court martial, do, and he is hereby re- mit to the quired to tranimit with as much expedition as the opportunity commander m of tiuae and diftanpc pf place pan adroit, the original proceed- original pro-*

fogs ceedings.



*7°

No person to be tried a fe-

Anno vicesimo feprimo GeoRGII II. c. 9;	[1754;

ings and fentence of fuch court martial to his Majesty’s commander in chief for the time being, in cafe fuch court martial ftiall be held bv virtue of his warrant or authority aa aforefakl, or to the prefident and council of fuch of the faid united com > pane’s principal fettlements, by virtue of whofe warrant or authority the fame shall be held ; or unto the governor and council at Saint Hel$nay if the fame shall be had within their ju-rifdidion; which faid original proceedings and fentence shall be carefully kept and preferved by fuch commander in chief, or by fuch prefident and council, or governor and council refpec-tively; to the end that the persons intitled thereto may be enabled, upon application to them, to obtain copies thereof according to the true intent and meaning of this ad.

VII. Provided also, and it is hereby declared and ena&ed. That no officer or foldier being acquitted or convided of any the (am? of- °®wlce> b® liable to be tried a second time by the fame or any fence. * other court martial for the fame offence; and that no fentence Sentence not given by any court martial, and figned by the prefident thereof, liable to be re- be liable to be revifed more than once,

tha?once*	VIII. Provided always, and be it enaded, That it shall and

may be lawful to and for his Majesty to form, make and efta-TbeKingmay blim articles of war, for the better government of the faid uni-m e articles tecj company»s forces, and for bringing offenders againft the fame to juftice; and to ered and conftitute courts martial, with power to try, hear and determine any crimes or offences by fuch articles of war, and inflid penalties by fentence or judgment of the fame, as well within the faid united company’s limits of trade, as in the faid ifiand of Saint Helena.

IX. Provided always. That no person or persons shall be ad-xciiu lumc u. judged to fuffer any puni(hment extending to life or limb, by limb in peace, the faid articles, in time of peace, except for fuch crimes as are except by this exprefled to be fo puni(hable by this ad.

. X. Provided alio, That no person or persons being acquitted TOgnizablTby or conv^ecl of any capital crimes, violences or offences, by the the civil ma- civil magiftrate, shall be liable to be punilhed by a court martial giftrate pun- for the fame, otherwife than by cafhiering. ijhable by ca- XI. Provided alfo. That if any officer, non-commiffion offi-Offendfrs a- cer or k^ier, AwN be accufed of any capital crime, or of any gainft the laws violence or offence againft the perfon, estate or property of any to be deliver- of his Majesty’s fubjeds, which is puniftiable by the known laws of the land, the commanding officer or officers of every regiment, troop, company or party, is and are hereby required to ufe his utmoft endeavours to deliver over fuch accufed person to the civil magiftrate, and shall alfo be aiding and affifting to the officers of justice in the feizing and apprehending fuch offender, in order to bring him to trial: and if any fuch commanding officer shall wilfully negled or refufe, upon application made to him for that purpofe, to deliver over any fuch accufed person to the civil magiftrate, or to be aiding and affifting to the officers of justice in apprehending fuch offender; every fuch officer fo offending, and being thereof convided before two or

more

of war.

No punifli-ment to extend to life or

ed up to the civil magiftrate.

Officers neglecting to defiver up fuch offenders,

 L,ooQle

1754*] Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii II. c. io.	171

more juftices of the peace for the fettlement or place where the disabled to fad is committed, by the oath of two credible witneffes, shall Jj~ SSce!*11" be cafhiered, and (hail be utterly difabled to have or hold any Convidiaii military office or employment in the faid united company’s fer- thereof to be vice in the Eaft Indies; provided the faid convidion be affirmed affirmed at the at the next quarter feffions of the peace for the faid fettlement ^n^nda w-or place, and a certificate thereof be tranfmitted to the prefident tificate tranf-" and council of fuch principal fettlement, who are hereby obli- mitted to the ged to certify the fame to the next court martial.	prefident and

XII.	And whereas it may otherwife be doubted whether the ^f- councii* ters and persons employed in the several trains of artillery be within

the intent and meaning of this aB; it is hereby enaded by the Pfr^, cmj\ authority aforefaid. That the officers and persons employed, or SSm of arS-that shall be employed in any of the trains of artillery, be deem- iery included, ed in ail refpeds whatfoever within the intent and meaning of this ad.

XIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Offences com-That if any of the faid united company’s prefidents or council, mitted by the at their refpedive principal fettlements, or any of them, or their

governor or council at the faid ifiand of Saint Helena, shall after council orgo-the faid twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred vernors, and fifty four, be guilty of oppreffing any of his Majesty’s fub-jeds beyond the feas within their refpedive jurifdidions or commands, or shall be guilty of any other crime or offence contrary to the laws of that part of Great Britain called England, or in force within their refpedive jurifdidions or commands 5 fuch oppreifion, crimes and offences, may be enquired of, heard and m*y b* determined in his Majesty’s court of King's Bench, within that part of Great Britain called England: or before fuch commiffion- Bench, or beers, and in fuch county of that part of Great Britain called Eng- fore commifii-land, as shall be affigned by his Majesty’s commiffion, and by W

Sood and lawful men of the fame county ; and fuch puniftunent Sty ^ EnS" lall be inflided on fuch offenders, as are ufually infiided for land. offences of the like nature committed in that part of Great Britain called England.

CAP. X.

An a£t for granting to his Majesty a certain fum of money therein mentioned out of the finking fund \ and applying certain furplus monies remaining in the exchequer for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty-fours a*d for the further difpofition of the faid finking fund, by paying thereout the remainder of the fum advanced on the chedit of the duty on fweetsy and the inter eft thereof; and for carrying the faid duty to the faid fund \ and for the further appropriating the fupplies granted in this Jef fion of parliament.

MOST gracious Sovereign, we your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the commons of Great Britain in

parliament

 

172	Anno	vicefimo	feptimo	Georgii	II. c.10.	[1754.

parliament aflembled, being defirous to raise the refidue of the necefiary fupplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this feflion of parliament, by ways and means the leaft burthenfome to your Majesty’s fubje&s, and at the fame time to make further provifion for the reduction of the national debt, have refolved to give and grant to your Majesty for thofe purposes the several fums herein after mentioned; and do therefore mod humbly befeech your Majesty, thdt it may be enacted; and be it enadted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That by or out of fuch monies as now are, or shall from time to time be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the furplufles, excefles, overplus monies, and other revenues compofing the fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, (after paying or reserving fufficient to pay all fuch fums of money as have been direfted by any former adt or adtsof parliament to be paid out of the fame) there shall and may be iffu-

700,0001.	ed and applied a fum not exceeding the sum of feven hundred granted out of thousand pounds, for and towards the fupply granted to his fund fortfe Majesty for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred fervice°of the and fifty-four; and the commiflioners of his Majeft/s treasury, current year, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treasury for the - time being, are hereby authorized and impowered to iflue and apply the fame accordingly.

7>937h H »• And he further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That * d. *q. over- the sum of feven thousand nine hundred thirty feven pounds plus of the fourteen (hillings and two pence halfpenny, remaining in the mnts2* * script of the exchequer, being the overplus of the grants for * the ferVice of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty-*3,56% 1. 7 s. three; and alfo the sum of twenty three thousand five hundred 9d. *q. fur- sixty two pounds feven (hillings and nine pence halfpenny, replus ot duty maining in the receipt of the exchequer, of the furplus of the^ on co s:	duties on coals fmee the twenty fifth day of March one thou-

6	| g fand feven hundred and nineteen; and alfo the sum of thirty 7d\ furplus of two thousand fix hundred fifty two pounds fifteen (hillings and the duties for feven pence, remaining in the receipt of the exchequer, of the retailing fpi- furplus of the duties on licences for retailing fpirituous liquors; quor«:	a^°	^Ufn	thoufand	one	hundred	ninety	five

30,1551. 35. pounds three (hillings and fix pence halfpenny, remaining in the 64V »q. fur- receipt of the exchequer, of the furplus of the funds for the lottery in the year one thousand feven hundred and fourteen, lottery hithC anc* may he iflued and applied at the faid receipt as part of »7i4Vtobe if- the fupply granted to his Majesty for the fervice of the year one fued in aid of thousand feven hundred and fifty four.

the fupply. jxi. jfng whereas by an aft made in the tenth year of the reign of ?oGeo,a.c.i7. his prefent.Majefy, for repealing the then present duty upon fweetSy and for granting a lefs duty tkercupony it was among/} other things enafted, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand feven hundred and thirty feven% there should be raifedy levied and

faid1

 L,ooQle

I75+-1	Anno viccfimo fcptimo Georgii II# c. io, 173	.

paid* to and for tbiufe of bis Majtfty, bis heirs and fuccejfors for evtry fat' every batrel of liquor made or to be made within the king-dam of Great Britain for faUy by infufion,fermentation or otberwife* from foreign fruit or Jugary or from Britifh fruit or fugary or from fruit or fugar mixed with any other materials whatfoevery commonly called fweetSy or called or dxftinguijhed by the name of made wines ,for which no duty had been then already paid or Jbould be paid on or before thefaid twenty fourth day of June, the sum of twelveJbilUngSy to be paid by the maker theraf; and fo'in proportion for a greater or lefs quantity : and whereas on the credit of the duty by the Jaidafl grantedy the sum of five hundred thousand pounds hath been advanced by the governor and company of the bank of England, and raifed by exchequer bilhy carrying an interejl after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum; and the principal fum offour hundred ninety nine thousand fix hundred poundSy part of the Jaid fum of five hundred thousand poundsyfiill remains unpaid: and whereas the faid governor and company of the bank of England do conjeht that the faid fum fo unpaidy with interejl toereony be transferred to and charged upon the fund commonly called the Sinking Fund : now for the payment of the faid principal fum of four hundred ninety nine thousand fix hundred pounds, with fuch interest as shall be due thereupon; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That by or out of fuch monies as now are or shall from time to time be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the faid furplufies, excefles, overplus monies, and other revenues compofing the faid finking fund, after paying or referving fufficient to pay all fuch Turns of money as by any former ad or ads of parliament have been and by this ad are direded to be paid out of the fame, there shall and may be ifiued and applied any fum not exceeding the fum 499^p°l* to of four hundred ninety nine thousand fix hundred pounds, to b* p?klkout °* cancel and difcharge the like fum in exchequer bills, made out *J0 in purfuance of the faid ad made in the tenth year of his Ma- bank, to can-jefty’s reign, and charged upon the faid duty on fweets, as alfo cel exchequer fuch fum or fums of money as shall from time to time become due and payable for interest upon the faid exchequer bills, until ^duties of the fame shall be paid off, or money fufficient shall be referved the recited for that purpofe.	aft.

IV.	And be it further eoaded by the authority aforefaid. The duties to That from and after the fifth day of April one thousand feven be carried in-hundred and fifty four, the faid duty on fweets shall be carried ^tJiefwkmg to and made part of the fund commonly called the Sinking Fund \tuna*

and (ball and may be ifiued and applied in fuch manner, and to fuch ufes and purposes as other rates, duties, revenues and incomes compofing the faid fund, are or shall be directed by authority of parliament to be ifiued and applied, and for no other ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever.

V.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted by the Appropriatkm authority aforefaid. That all the monies coming into the exche- ofthclupplics. quer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one a6k of this feffionof parliament, intituled. An act for granting an aid to his

Majefiy by a land tan to be raifed in Great Britaio for the ftrvice of

tbe



174	Anno	vicefimo	feptimo GeorGH IL C.io. [1754,

The monies ^ear one thousand /even hundred aud fifty four ; and fo much arifmg by themoney (if any fuch be) of the tax thereby granted as shall arife land tax. or remain after ‘all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame a<ft, and all the intereft, premium, rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the (aid land tax shall be fatisfied, or money fufiicient shall be referved in the exchequer to fatisfy and difcharge the fame; and alfo all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other a<5fc of this feflion of parliament, (intituled. An afl for continuing and granting to his Maje-Malt tax, jly certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty four) and fo much money, if any fuch be, of the duties thereby granted as shall arife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame a& ; and all the intereft, premium, rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable forrai-and other	^e duties ^all be ktisfied, or monies fufiicient (hall

fums remain- be referved in the exchequer to fatisfy and difcharge the fame ; ing in the ex and the sum of feven thousand nine hundred thirty (even pounds chequer, &c. fourteen (hillings and two pence halfpenny remaining in the exchequer, being the overplus of the grants for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty three, but not applied to the fervice of that year; and the sum of twenty three thousand five hundred (ixty two pounds feven (hillings and nine pence halfpenny, remaining in the receipt of the exchequer, of the furplus of the duties on coals since the twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and nineteen: and the sum of thirty two thousand fix hundred fifty two pounds fifteen (hillings and feven pence, remaining in the receipt of the exchequer, of the fur-plus of the duties on licences for retailing fpirituous liquors ; and the sum of thirty thousand one hundred ninety five pounds three (hillings and fix pence halfpenny, remaining in the receipt of the exchequer, of the furplus of the funds for the lottery m the year of our Lord onfe thousand feven hundred and fourteen; and alfo the sum of feven hundred thousand pounds by this a& granted, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, for and towards the several ufes and purposes herein after exprefled, (that is to fay) it is hereby ena&ed and declared to he applied, by tfce authority aforefaid, That out of all or any the aids or ias* *«od*7for * applies provided as aforefaid, there shall and may be ifiued naval fervices. and applied, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding eight hundred ninety eight thousand feven hundred forty feven pounds twelve (hillings and nine pence, for or towards the naval Cervices herein after particularly exprefled; that is to fay, for or towards vi&uals, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the viftualling thereof, performed and to be performed; and for or towards fea fervices in the office of ordnance, performed and to be performed ; and for or towards defraying the ordinanr of his Ma-jefty’s navy, and for half-pay to fea officers; and for or towards building, rebuilding and repairs of his Maiefty's (hips, in the year one thousand (even hundred aud fifty four,

VI.	And

 L^ooQle

1754-3 Anno viccfimo feptimo Georgii II. C. io.	175

VI.	And it is hereby alfo enadted by the authority aforefaid, .

That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there shall chaplain* ia° and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money, not the navy in exceeding one thousand fix hundred forty two pounds ten (hil- the late war. lings, for paying a bounty for the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty four, of two (hillings and fix pence per day to

twenty chaplains, and two (hillings per day to twenty more chaplains, who have ferved longeft on board his Majesty’s (hips of war; provided it appears by the books of the faid (hips, that they have been a&ually borne and muttered thereon, for the fpace of five years during the late wars with Frame and Spainy and provided likewife, that fuch chaplains do not enjoy the benefit of Come ecclefiaftical living, or preferment from the crown or o-therwife, of the present annual value of fifty pounds.

VII.	And it is hereby alfo enadted by the authority aforefaid, IO$oool. to That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there shall Greenwich and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money, not Hofpital. exceeding ten thousand pounds, upon account, towards the

fupport of the royal hofpital at Greenwich, for the better maintenance of the feamen of the faid hofpital, worn out and become decrepit in the fervice of their country.

VIII.	And it is hereby alfo enacted by the authority afore- 123,5651.17s. faid, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there to the ord-(hall and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money, nancc*

not exceeding one hundred twenty three thousand five hundred sixty five pounds feventeen shillings, for the charge of the office of ordnance for land fervice, for the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty four, performed ana to be performed, and for defraying the extraordinary expence of the office of ordnance for land fervice, not provided for by parliament.

IX.	And it is hereby alfo enadled. That out of all or any , o6g . g j the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there shall and may 10s. 5d. iq". to be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceed- the land

ing one million sixty eight thousand one hundred eighty five f°rce* i pounds ten (hillings and five pence halfpenny, for and towards maintaining his Majesty’s land forces, and other fervices herein after more particularly exprefied ; (that is to fay,) any fum or of which fums of money, not exceeding fix hundred twenty eight thou- 628,3151. 7$. fand three hundred fifteen pounds feven (hillings and eleven ,,d * f0**,	•

pence, for defraying the charge of eighteen thousand eight hun- Great Britain1 dred and fifty feven effective men, including commiflion and Guernsey,and non-commifiion officers, and alfo one thousand eight hundred Jerfey; and fifteen invalids, for guards, garrifons, and other his Majesty’s land forces in Great Britain, Gucrnfey and Jerfcy> for the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty four; and any fum 236,4.10!. iSs. or fums of money, not exceeding two hundred thirty fix thou- 6d- for the fand four hundred twenty pounds eighteen (hillings and fix pence Mlnorca^and halfpenny, for maintaining his Majesty’s forces and garrifons Gibraltar, N6-in the plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for provifions for vaScotia,Ncw the garrifons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar and Pro- foundland, viience, for the year tie thousand feven hundred and fifty four; ^£rovi*

2	andQ



guards, &c. reduced;

176	Anno	viccfimo feptimo GeoRGItII. t. to. ff7£4*

fl and any fum or fums of money, not excee^i^ fifty feveVUfou-5d? to the out finwI-tiWce hundred fifty eight pounds* five* (hillings Stifl^e penfioners of* pence upon account,* for out-penfioner$*of Chelfeti hofpiftK jot CheUem hofpi- the year one thousand feven hundred aftd fifty four; ana any U* oool to ^um or ^ums money not exceeding fifty five thou fan4 pStd&s, tuc reduced uPon account of hafr-pay, for the reduced officers 'nisJ^Ma-officers of the jefty’t land forces and marines, for the year one thotffatld reVfcA land forces hundred and fifty four; futjjeft to facb rules to be obfefttfel^fi and marines. t|je application of the faid half-pay; asare hereafter pteffffSsi 4,146!. 6s. 8d. concerning the fame; and any fum or fums of money to the horfe ceeding four thousand two hundred forty fix pounds fix Thjfttftgs and eight pence, for defraying the charge for altawances tffroe several officers and private gentlemen of the two troops of guards, and regiment of horfe reduced, and to the ftip!Mhbb-ated gentlemen of the four troops of horfe guards, for the tyekr one thousand feven hundred and fifty four; and any fum or'f&ftii *,944!. to half of money not exceeding two thousand nine hundred fotWftitit pounds for paying of penfions to the widows of fach *	*	officers of his ’Majefty's land forces and marines as dlttf tfjjJdH

the eftablifhment of half-pay in Great Britain, and wffo Were married to them before the twenty fifth day of Decernbefbtii thousand feven hundred and fixteen, for the year one fhodfa&ld feven hundred and fifty four; which faid fum of two thbftftthd nine hundred forty four pounds, shall be KTued to fuch peWbri or petforts as his Maiefty fhall, by warrant or warrants trndfet1 his royal fign manual, dire<ft and appoint to receive the ftune^ to be by him or them paid over to fitch widows of halPBiy officers, or their affignees, according to fuch eftaWifhments, lifts; or other directions, and with and <bbje& to fuch Conditions,' qualifications, and other allowances fbrfhe faihe, as his Maiefty, by fuch and the like warrant of warrants, ftialf 'bfe gtafefa 31,900!. n*.	plcafed	to	diredl and appoint; and any fum or fum£;bf

iid. for extra- money not exceeding thirty one thousand nme hundred pbuftfh ordinary ex- efeven (hillings and eleven pence, for defraying the e*trtordiit#y pence* ip expellees of his Majesty’s land forces, and other ferried, m-175h	curred in the year one thousand feven bundled and fifty thr^,

io,ood1. to the and not provided for by parlianrient; and any fom or MttH'df eledtor of Ba-money not exceeding twenty thousand pounds* to enable KM varia.	Majefty to make good his engagements with theele(ftorofTW^

31,000!. to the Varia, purfuant to treaty; and any Aim of films of nfohey itfOf Kina of po. exceeding thirty two thousand pounds, to enable hteMcr}*fty<fd land.	make good his engagements with the king of Poland^ efoftdrof4

Saxony, purfuant to treaty.

X; And it is hereby ano enafted by the authority That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, th&t Mf and may be iffued and applied any fom or fums of mot&fi WWf exceeding eleven thou&nd three hundred ninety twtrptmnds fix (hillings and nine pence, upon account, for defraying ft* charges incurred by fupporting ond maintaining the Attlem#nt of his Majesty’s colony ^of Nova Scotia in the year one thbufMflf fcVan hundred and fifty three, and not provided

- -

ix,39»l. 6s. 9d. towards the fettling Nova Scotia in 1753.

 v^,ooQle

*7540 Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii II. c. io. 177

ment ; and any fum or (turn of money not exceeding forty feven . T tboufand and fifty four pounds fifteen (hillings and three pence, tor Nova upon account, for fupporting and maintaining the fettlement Scotia, ot his Majesty’s colony of No*ja Scotia, for the year one thou-fand (even hundred and fifty four.

XL And it is hereby alio enalted by the authority aforefaid, 61,5051. 791. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there Hull^ and may be ifiued and applied any fum or fums of money not deficiency exceeding sixty one thousand five hundred five pounds nineteenV the half-(hillings and nine pence farthing, to make good the deficiency fubfidy. of the half fubfidies of tonnage and poundage, charged with the payment of several annuities by the alts of the fixth year of the reign of Queen Anneymd the fixth year of the reign of his late ma-jefty King George the Firft, to fatisfy all annuities charged thereupon to the fifth day of January one thousand feven hundred and fifty four; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding fi*$79t], t-s to thousand feven hundred ninety two pounds fifteen shillings, to the deficiency replace to the (inking fund the like fum paid out of the fame to of the duties make good the deficiency of the duty of twelve (hillings a barrel	at

on fweets, or wines made from Briti/b or foreign fruit or fugar, 0ftobcr l7Si» upon the tenth day of October one thousand feven hundred and f fifty three; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding two bridge at* * * thousand pounds, towards-enabling the commiflioners for Weitminfter. building a bridge crofs the river Thames from the city of Weftminjler to the oppofite (hore in the county of Surry, to maintain the faid bridge, and to perform the other trufts repofed in them; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding fix thou- 6,oool. to-fand pounds, towards laying out, making and keeping in repair wards mak-a road proper for the paflage of troops and carriages from the ^arlifle city of Carlifle to the town of NewcaJUe upon Tyne\ and any to Newcaftle. fum or fums of money not exceeding ten thousand pounds, to be io,oool. for applied in building, maintaining, and fupporting the Briti/b *be forts and fcttlcments upon the coaft of Africa \ and any fum or cm?hc coaftP" fums of money not exceeding two thousand fix hundred thirty 0f Africa, two pounds, upon account, for defraying the charges of the *,63*1. for de-civil eftablifiiment of his Majefty's colony of Georgia^ and other frayin£tjjj* incidental expences attending the fame, from the twenty fourth ^entofGcar-day of June one thousand feven hundred and fifty three, to the gja# twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and fifty four; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding fifteen	dif-

thoufand four hundred ninety feven pounds three (hillings and charge bilU two pence farthing, to fatisfy the several principal fums remain- drawn for ing due on bills drawn from America, and certificates given for military fertile pay of two troops of rangers, one highland company, boat-^£ia men, half galleys or fchooners in Georgia, and other charges I747f thereunto belonging, and for extraordinary military fervices, to Midfummer one thousand feven hundred and forty feven, agreeable to the report of the auditor of the impreft.

XII.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid.

That the faid aids and fupplies provided as aforefaid, shall not ^ ^ be ififoed and applied to any other ufe, intent or purpofe what- no™"

Vox.. XXL	N	foev^,	Other uC.



Anna victfimo fcpt^no Georcii JL, c, 10.	£1754;

foever, other than the ufes anc} perpofc? for the several deficiencies or other payments tlsfied thereout by any or ads. or any particular cljaufo Qf. daufes for that purpofc contained in any other ad this present session of parliament.

XIII.	And as to the laid fum of fifty five thopfapd ppirafa by this a£i appropriated on account of half-pay as aforefait^.u theapplication is hereby cnaded and declared by the authority aforefcid, of the half- the rules hereinafter prclcribed shall be duly obferved in

plication of the faid half-pay ; that is to fay, That noperfoc* shall have or receive any part of the fame, who was a minor, and under the age of fixtecn years, at the time when the regiment, troop or company, in which he ferved* was reduces^ that no person shall have or receive any part of the fi^rne*..accept fuch persons who did actual fervice in fome regiment, troop or company; that no person having any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majesty, fhaB hive or receive any part of the faid half-pav $ that no chtpl?idoffatfy garrifon or regiment, who has any ecclcfiaftical benefice in Britain or Ireland shall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay ; that no person shall have or receive any part of the fame, who has refigned his commifiion, and has had no comroiffion fince; that no part of the fame shall be allowed to .any person by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to Arch persons who would have been otherwife intitled to the fame as reduced officers; and that no part of the fame shall be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, lately dilbanded in Ireland, except to fuch .as were lately taken off the eftablilhment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XIV.	And whereas by an aft of parliament made andpaffedm the 26GCCM.C.13. twenty fixth year of his Majejly s reign (intituled, An for granting to his Majesty a certain fum of money therein meth-tioned out of the finking fund ; and for applying certain fur-plus monies remaining in the exchequer for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty three; and for the further appropriating tiie fupplies granted in this feQioa of'Parliament ; and for enlarging the time limited by an a£t of ihelafl fellion of parliament, for fubferibing annuities after the *ate of three pounds per centum per annum, and three pounds ten.flail* Iin<zs per centum per annum, into the joint flock of annuities; and for other purposes therein mentioned;) the fevered Jupplies which had been granted to Ins Majejly, as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to the several ufes and purposes therein exptejfed<; mou/jj which, any Jum or fums of money not exceed:fig fifty tight tkcujand pounds was appropriated to he puid to the reduced officers of his Majejly s land forces and murines, fuli:ft nevertheWs Jo fetch rules to be obferved in the application of the faid half pay, as in 4nd by Surplus of laft x^c aforefaid aft were prefer ibed in that behalf: now it. is hereby years half-pay provided, enacted and declared,, by the authority aforefaid, Thai to be diipoted fo much of the faid fum of fifty eight thousand ppunds,a*i$ or

(hall

Rules to be obferved in



Aim© vfcefimo feptim© GboRCII II. C. it*	179

fl^Iifbe triore than fiitecientto fatisfy the faid reduced officers, according to this tides pfefcribed by the faid aft to be obferved iit the application thereof, or any part of fuch overplus, (halljcny# and Way be difpofed of to fuch officers who are maimed or loft their Jimb9 in the late wars, or fuch others as by reafon of their hto^ fervke or othenfrife, his Majesty shall judge to be proper dbjefts of charity, or to the widows or children of fuch officers, atebfdirig to Rich warrant of warrants under his Majesty’s royal Ugh marlual, as shall be figned in that behalf; any thing in this awj drthe faid fprmer aft, to the contrary notwithftanding.

v «	CAP.	XI.

A* dft to continue the duties for encouragement of the coin-

if money \ and for removing doubts concerning the m f continuance of the duty of twenty ft tilings for every ton vg/f pr$ndy mints and firong waters imported.

M^A Y it pleafe your mofi excellent Majefty: Whereas by an aft

Made in the eigtheenth year of the reign of King Charles the * car* 1 c Stands and continued with feme additions by an aft made in the 15	**'	’ '

twenty fifth yiar of his reign; both which afts were revived and further continued by on aft made in the firft year of the reign of ^ -King James the Secondy and further continued by several fubfequent1	•	*•c* 7*

afts; made in the fourth year of the reign of King William and 4WilL&Mary,

f'leen Mary, and in the twelfth and thirteenth year of the reign ofc• fig William the Thirds certain rates and duties were impofed on all ** ^13W1II.3. urines, veuegar> cyder and beery and alfo on all brandy wines and firong vsaUrc imported or brought into the port of London, or into any other port*! creeks or placeSy within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, the fid fever al rates and duties to be applied towards defraying the charge of the coinage of gold and fiher monies in the mints of England : and whereas after the union of the two kingdoms of England and Scotland, an aft was'mode in the feventh year of the reign of Sjueen Anne, whereby A thhi like rates and duties were granted and made payable for the like 7 Ann*c* 14‘ pdrpofety end for the term therein mentionedy on all wines, vinegary M erde¥y beery brandy wines and firong waters imported into Great Briuid ; and the faid afts made in the eighteenth and twenty fifth years of the reign of King Charles the Secondy and alfo art aft made hi the fourth year of the reign of Sjueen Anne, and every daufey article and fen tenet in the faid aft/, or any of them containedy were revised and further continue d, with fome additional provifionSy for tbefervke of the mints in England ^Scotland refpefttvely: and whereas by an aft made in the firft year of the reign of King George * Geo, i.c.43. the Firfiy the faid feverai rates and dutiesy and all the faid former aft si and all other a fts of parliament concerning coinage then being in forcey were revived and continued for the further term therein men-tid’Htfy and a provifion was thereby made for fupplying any deficiency tf 'thphevciiue fettled for the encouragement of the coinage: and ivhere-toihe fetid federal rates and duties, and all the faid aft: concerning coin-* *gtfU#**4*tibaJike proViftcnforfupplying any deficit hey of the fsidre*

•'cut	N	2	venue,



180	Anno	vicefimo	feptimo	Georgii	II.	c. i1:	[1754*

venuey further continued by several fubfequent afts made in the ninth year of the reign of King George the Pirfty and in the fourth year 9 Geo. 1. c. 19.0f the reign of your Majejly' ana whereas by an aft made in the ninth QGeo » c Jear af the reign, of your Majefiyy intituled, An a<5t for laying a *	% ’*5*duty on the retailers of fpirituous liquors, and for licenfing

the retailers thereof3 it wasy among/} ofber things enaftedy That the duties and revenues which JBould arife by the licences for vending brandy or fpiritsy as alfo the then present duties on low wines firong watersy brandy y rumy arrack yandall other Jpirits y whetherforeign orBrh\(hyand fuch duties as Jbouldarife by the retailing the fame, Jbauldy from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand[even hundred and thirty fixy be united to% and made part of \ the general or aggregate fundy efiablijhed by the oft of the fir ft year of the reign of his late 12 Geo * c maJefly King George the 'Firjly and be ijjue l and applied to the itfes 12	*5*	whicb	fa	fajj fung Was or jhould be made applicable: and where-

as by an aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of your Mdjcfiyy fuch only of the faid rates and duties fo granted by the faid aft made in the eighteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second^ as were thereby charged on the importation of winesy vinegary cyder and beer7 and all the faid former aftsy ana all other afts of parliament concerning coinagey then being in forcey and the fame provifion for qc	fupplying	any	deficiency	of	the faid revenue, were further continueX\

19	**kC'H* and by an aft made in the nineteenth year of the reign of your Mfije-

* fiyy have continuance for the [pace of feven years, from the fitjlday of March one thousand feven hundred and forty fiyey and until the end of the firfi fejfion of parliament then next followingy and no longer: ana whereas great benefit hath arifen from the encouragement of coinage given by the faid afts7 ana it is therefore expediettty that an adequate revenue be fettled and continued for the lite pur-pofes-y we your Majesty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, do give and grant unto your Majesty the rates, duties and impofitions herein after-mentioned, for and during the term herein after exprelf-ed, and do humbly pray, that it may be enabled ; and be it enacted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and whh%e advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons* in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That fuch and the like rates, duties and iirfpo-18 Car. *. on	as bv the faid ad of the eighteenth year of the reign of

the importa- King Charles the Second were granted, and by the faid fubfequent tion or wines, ads were continued, for and upon the importation of wines, vinegar,cyder vinegar, cyder and beer, during the refpedive terms therein .aD cr* mentioned, shall be further continued, and be paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, for and upon all wines, vinegar, cyder or beer, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain7 within or during the fpace of feven years, to commence from the firft day of March one thousand feven hun-audthe recited dred and fifty four, and until the end of the firft feflion of par-ads relating liament then next following, and no longer; and that all the (aid thereto, con- former ads, and all other ads of parliament concerning coinage, years. °r 7 am* every of them, and every claufe, article, and fentence in 7	them,

The duties granted by





A™*0	leptimo	Gijorgii II. c. i i.	181

^WM£JnJK-Sf ^W con^incd, now, ^eing in force, shall be Jt>y	qf ibis ift continue#, ifld shall be in force,

a^^Jbc July pu{ in. ekdcution, for arta during all fochtimeand terrp.agi'a^e,befor^ynentioried, as fo|l.y and effcftually, as if the ywi^?fc	Repeated	and	re-enafted'	in	the	body of

jqroprl^rit a(5, ' /\ 7	1

I	to the cn<J the importers of gold atnd filver into the —	-

ttifatib£:Rnghrid;. and, Scotland refpedtively, may not be difcou- iiru^monie* ^ debcieru^y of the revenue by this aft fettled for de- for defraying framing the coinage thereof; be it further cnafted by the autho- the expence$ r^tyjifprefetd, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the tllc™,nts’n ,cpn^iffioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them scotland.an nqW. being,, or the lore) high treafurer, or any three or more of the .c^mraiffieners of the treasury for the time being, and they an? hereby impowered and directed, out of the monies arifing fey t^ks aft,, or out of any other publick fupplies granted or to ‘fc^gtanted by parliament, to caufe fo much money to be applied as mall be neceflary for defraying the expences ot the faid mints qVEngland and Scotland refpeftivdy, by way of impreft,’ and up-9^^,accoiint, for that fervice, fo as the fame, together with the ‘cpiqage duties arifing by this aft do not exceed in any one year ft^'fum of fifteen tboufand pounds, and fo as the faid monies * be^Tued out of the exchequer of Great Britain, to the mailer of the mint in England, and to the mafter of the mint in Scotland ^(he^iycly, for the faid purpofes.

.til. And whereas fome doubts have arifen concerning the continu-ance of the duty of twenty /hillings for every ton of brandy wines >Ctod 'firong waters imported; which together with other duties and re-\ venues was# by the herein before-recited aft made in the ninth year of ,j tieretgn of bis present Maje/ly, in manner before-mentioned, united to I a^jnaiejart of the aggregate fund: now, for removing all doubts ;,<»pce^n»ng the continuance of the faid duty ; be it declared by cjfM authority aforefaid. That it was the true intent and mean&ig The duty of faid aft, to continue the faid duty of twenty (hillings aos. formerly vfpfl every ton pf brandy wines and ftrong waters imported, "as granted on the f^d aggregate fund, for and during fuch term for tol£°f < ;jracli ,dny of the rates, duties, and revenues, compofing the i^rfcdtcon-aggregate fund were granted and made payable, notwith- tinued as part , ltfWijW	of	the	term	for	which the faid duty of of the ag^ie-

1	iHiliings	for	every	ton of brandy wines, and ftrong waters &*tc tund-

jpn/ported, was granted by the herein before-mentioned aft mide m the fourth* year of the reign of his present Majefty.	'•	’

. .zn ([ u * *.	„	,	.

yOih s* 'it

•vri +rr:i ......	'

’ r'iir/y; r •

..Oil lit: .	;	;; ;	,

~1CC| to iJt> 11

ij!£t 'Jill i!c	r;:»r •• 1	.

/jgcnioDjjMij < •..	.	.[■ i ..

:n Donajirji l:u. r- .. : j a-.

n3

CAP. - ■

 ^.ooQle

Anno vicesimo fcptimo Gbqroti li c.12.	[1754*

CAP. XIL	:

An act for improving and preferving the navigation from Salter’s Load Sluice in the county of Norfolk, to Stands ground Sluice in the county of Hurttihgddn ; aftd f?oM Flood’s Ferry in the iflt of Ely in the county of Cambridge, to Ramfey High Load in the /aid county Huntingdon > and alfo the navigation from OJd Bedfp^ Sluice in the faid county of Norfolk, to the river Netic^ in the parish of Ramfey, in the faid county of Hudtiqg-don.

WHEREAS the navigation from the port of King’s Lynn* to Standground Sluice near the city of Peterborough, %ua$ anciently carried on from Salthirn Load, otherwife Salter'^ Load Sluice in the county ^/Norfolk, through Well Creek and thjrvuer Ncne, to Flood’s Ferry in the county of Cambridge* audJrm thence through Ramfey Mere, Ugg Mere, and Whitilefea Mere, in the county of Huntingdon 5 but the navigation through the faid meres being at all times extremely tedious, difficult and dangerous, and very frequently altogether impracticable; the navigation from the faid port of King’s Lynn, to Standground Sluice aforefaid* has for matey years been carried on from Flood’s Ferry aforefaii* through'a certain drain called Whittlefea Dyke, being the fafefl and neorefl pqffage: and whereat the navigation from the parjb of Ranuey, and the adjacent places to the faid port of King’s Lynn, will be rnaft conveniently carried on by Flood’s Ferry, through the river Nene, Well Creek and Salter’s Load aforefaid: and whereas, the. navigation from the towns ^Chatteris, Maney and Welney, to tbt jaid port of King’s Lynn, has for many years been chiefly carried on through ascertain drain called the Forty Foot Drain, and the Old Bedford River: and whereas the trade carried on upon the faid rivers* and through the faid treek and drains is greatly increafed, and it is become necessary to clean, depthsn, widen and four the faid rivers, creek and drains, which cannot be effected without a ccnfiderable ex-pence: and whereas the preferving and improving of the faid navigations* will be a great and general advantage to the faid port of King’s Lynn, and the city of Peterborough * and to aU the dawns and villages fituate near the faid rivers, and to the whole adjacent country; may it therefore pleafe your Majesty, that.it may be enabled, &c*

Commiflioners appointed for preferring the narration of the river* Inhabitants to meet annually in their veftries on Monday in Eaite^ week, and choose commiflioners. Certificate* of the persons fo chofen tobet/anf-mitted to the other commiflioners. Inhabitants negletting to cboofetroyn-roifliouers, they are then to be chofen by the commiflioners at their next meeting Vacancies of commiflioners by death, &c, to be filled up within a month. Notice to be given of meetings for that purpofe. Tolls granted for compleating the navigations, vie. For every dhslder of coaty hundred Of battens, naif hundred of other deals, load of timber, eightipjudks of wool, weigh of fait, load of wheat, rape fired, linked, coalleed, barky* rye, peaie or beans, laft of oats or barley bigg, two thousand of tin f,

load

 CjOoq le

*75*4*3	Anno.^icefimor ftptimonfifeqftairi 1L c. rjt-*15.

load of reed, fcdge, hay, flax or herqp,, lad of malt, tbOufand of tiles, five hundred of bricks, twenty tect ot itane, and every chalder of lime, M^xtalike fym for every ton of other goods. The toil veiled in flSe tOmimmdners. rteafure-boats exempted. ^Collector not to be keeper ofvttw^t fhe «nie«c /CckXrfilffumera may bwmsr a: turn not exceeding jMcft 90 the orsdit vof;M»e Oj^Is. Comajiifioners may make pen. Uuices, ana J&t out towing paths and baiiiig vvays, miking fatisfa&ion to tbe o«fher4.	conwriMfibnert	may	receive propofols, bet no cbntra&tb be

cpftcktfcd wnlefs 15 be pfcfent. Perfons intfcrvfted refufing to treat for (be lale pf lands, a jupy to fettle the recompense. Verdict of the jury *dA' {ttdgmettt Of the commtifioners to be conducive f and to be delivered t*ffa&hlerk of tb< peace. Commifltoners may examine witiieflcf, and or-

5i___. *_____  :	*	.1...	_i_' r<___...___________________________.v,-

i8j

be. jury to view the places^ CoipmifTioners to maintain and repair the foWtag' tilths; and 1H tip gates and filled, and ere& bridges where necef-fary. Where a breach (ball happen, or ther* be danger of one in ahy of the banks which the commUfioners are jto keep in repair, the occupiers of larfd* hfe to give notice j and ’if the fame be not timely repaired, they may do it, and tbe expenses to be repaid them.* Confervatoxs of the Great {Leye) to ereft ebb door? at the fiuices. Gates to be created at the mouth pf Old Bedford River Old Bedford River and the Forty Foot Drain may btrdlednfed. ThecorilefVators neglecting to repair the ebb doors, the cont-tbiffkmers may do kr*Bddeduft the cxpencee out of the annual fume pay-ahk tb die coniervators. The improvement and prefervatioo of the navigations to be under the foie direction of the cotninifltoners. Boat mallef anfwerable for the damage done by his boat or crew, &rc. Perfons agi griefred by thO Order of any justice for offences again# this aft, may ap* peal to the quarter fefikxis. Order of piffice not to be jguaihed for want of totmu Defraying or damaging.any of the works, felony. Commihioners pt their Annual meetings may reduce the tolls, arid r^.fe them again ff ©ec^ffitry. Commiflioners may fummon and examine on oath yerlons jn-t tufted yqth the receipt or expenditure of money, frnd levy the balance in wfreat, &c. bydiffreis and fate; ami forwautof cjift refs may commit the ^any. ,	,	.

.	'	CAP.	XIII.

/in aft*to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify thetnfelvcs for ofltat and promotions within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for tnatpuxpofc. EXP. ximegiven to 28 Nov. 1754.

M‘ ' "v " • ; ‘CAP. XIV. •

fAit aft td contin'iie Hb-eraf laws relating tb the Hiflemptr now r?ging *»* . among ttahoXntd cattle iw this kingdom.

7;/.' t • ' cap. xv; -

vin,a3 to explain and amend an ail made in tbe ninth year ' -of the reign of bis late majefty King George tic ftrfi,

" intituled., An act for the more effectual puni thing wicked ”■ "and evH difpofed persons goiri£ armed and dMguifcd,

■: ahd doihg injuries' arid Violences to the perfons'and properties oF his Majesty’s fubjefts •, and for the fpeedy ’ orrngirtg the offenders to juffice. ‘	*

"HEREaS by an ail made in the ninth fear of the reign of Us latentajejly King George the	intituled. An ait for

more effeftuM pbttHhing Wieked and evil-diddled persons 9 . *aa* g£ing,armed and.dilguifed, and .doing injuries and violences to .*b« persons and properties of hia Mqeny’s lubje^W; uad foil rfbcifpeedy bringing the offenders to jnftice ; it is atmngft other thirds tnafhi. Tbit if any person or	peijmsfront and after the fir [I

'V-c!	"	N	4



i84

Anno viceiimo feptimo Georgii II. c. i [1754.. ,

of June in the year of our Lord one thousand fcvtn hundred and twenty three, Jhall knowingly fend any letter without any name fub-feribed thereto, or figned with a fictitious name, demanding moxty, venifon or other valuable thing, or Jhall forcibly refeue any person being 1 lawfully in cuftody of any officer or other perfon, for any of the of~ J fences in the fa id aft mentioned, every per fen fo offending, being they*- -of lawfully convi&ei, Jhall be adjudged guilty of felony, and Jball Juffer death as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy: and whereas divers letters have been fent to several of his Majefiy s fubjefts% threatening their lives or burning their boufes, which letters not demanding money, venijon or any valuable efffts^ are not fubjeft to the penalties of the faid aft ; to prevent the like mifehievousand iniquitous proceedings for the future, be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this present Per Pons con- parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That yictedof knd- jf any person or persons, from and after the firft day of May in-oHncendi-one thousand feven hundred and fifty four, shall knowingly fend ary letters, any letter without any name fubferibed thereto, or llgned with a fidlitious name or names, letter or letters, threatening to kill or murder any of his Majesty’s fubjedl or fubjedls, or to burn their houfes, out-houfes, barns, (lacks of corn or grain, hay orftraw, though no money or venifon or other valuable thing shall be demanded in or by fuch letter or letters; or shall forcibly refcue f Tin'af any Per^on being lawfully in cuftody of any officer or other JfodyTor fuch person for the faid offence, every person fo offending, being offences, to thereof lawfully convidled, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, fuffer death. and shall fuffer death as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.

cap. xvi.	v

An act for making peipetual several laws for punifhment of persons defraying turnpikes, locks or other works erefted by authority of parliament •, and that all afts made for crefting courts of confcience Jhall be deemed publick afts \ and to impower a certain number of the truftees of the Bri-tifh Mufeum to do certain afts ; and for confirming the table of fees to be taken by the clerks to the jufiices of tbe peace for the county of Middlesex j and for giving fur tier time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures or contrafts of clei'ks and apprentices	and for

filing affidavits of the execution of contrafts offterfoto attornies and filtcitors y and for preventing perjons driving certain carnages from riding upon fuch carriage}./

cGco.a. c. 33* \X/ H E R E A S anaftmade in the fifth year of the ttigpurfibis * V VY present MajejiyfintituUd, An a<ft toexptain, arm^andw-dermore effedhial an Sufi pafled in the firft year of hi* present MajeftyV reign, intituled. An act for punching fikb perfimb\as JboU wilfully and mfitmfiy puli down and e^fiiyjtianp^sfar repairing





1754'] Anno vicefinw fcptkn(^(jr^S)»Ril U. C. 16.	185

fmrtMgfiigbuMyti^JMktiir tiber Mi.frky tft&td. hyMUthotify of\}an+

Ifa&mt' fir: making rwmJiavigaMt:,and. att mad/ mJbt tigbtbyear tf stbe r*g*sef bitpriftnt	intitul/d,An s Geo.*, c.ao*

fejadenraihe Jaw^jnofe effe&Ual for punching fuchpcrfonsas IbaUAwHfuUy add jnaliciouAjt pulMojpi -or destroy turnpikes for repairing highways* Nor lactam other works crafted by oft ttf priliiunentfor making titers navigable, and for other purposes thetfeiri tnenhoQCd ; whuh faid aftj expired? and were afterwards modbUn thofifttentb and fifteenth year of ah' prefont Maytfify .reign revived, and Were to beinforce for the purpofesQ' 33‘ thcrzhtmcMthned front the frrft day tf/'Juete oat ihoufand [even bun--druedumd forty two? until the firfldayeffxxfrz one tboufitnd [even bypedfrdand fdrty feuem y and wbkhby another aft made in Jbe tuunimthytar of^tbereign of Ms present Mejefly was further tenti- ao Geo.2x.47. hurdifrent the, expiration thereof \ until the firfl day of June one thou-fdhSfrmmhundred and fifty four* and from tbitue to the end of the thht hent fejfion cf parliament, hone teen found by experience to be ufifulyrnd beneficial, and are neat expiring :r. may it thcreforepkafe ydair/ Magcftytbatk may be enaCted, and be it ena&edby the Kind’s naoi^iQKcrUcn^ ^majefty» by ahd with, the advice and cort-fcAt ofi tfaer iordi fpirttual and temporal and commonsinthis ptefent parliament affembkd, and by the authority of the fame, The recited] Tha* the faid afts fttill hr* and the feme are hereby madeper- madeper-

pfenai-l viol iisiW	i/j.visnr.	P^ual#

~rfH. Andwhereat manyinconveniencies bavt arifen by reafim fetter . .

neha&sfor erefting courts of requejl* or confidence in several cities,	*

/nutai corporate and other places, have not been declared to be pubtick

lift * , be it therefore ena&ed. That from and after the, firft day All afts for

/of "January one thouiand feven hundred and fifty five, all the eredting comtt

afts of parliament for erasing courts of requefts or confcience ^rc<^Qy^ce

for the recovery of fmall debts in cities, towns corporate,

other places in this kingdom, shall be deemed, adjudged and to be deemed

taken to be pubiick ads, and shall be judicially taken notice ofpublick ads.

as ibth by alt judges* jufticcs and other persons whatsoever,

without fpeciailjr. pleading the fame,

Ub And tobereas by an aft made in fbe twenty fixthyettr of thti6Geo.s.c.*** reign of bis present Majejly, intituled, An act for the purchafe of ihe Mufeum or collection of Sir Hans Sloane, and of thz Harleiau collection of manUfcripts,' and for providing one general repofi-toty for the better reception and more convenient ufe of the faid collections, and of rhe Cottonian Library, and of the additions thereto$ stivamMg abut things enacted, Thae certain per font in the faiduft named* md*their fucajfprs, Jbattbe trufieos for putting the faidaft in executionyand tbat they, or the. maptn pqrt of them, in a general meeting djferribled, whereof the archbijbop of Canterbury, the lord chancellor or lord keeper, and the fpeaker of the houfe of com* mens fixsH be three, fihdlin fitth manner as they Jbail think fit cleft cndwmtatatefifiUebatber persons to be dfbeiated to them in the execu-tionsi cf Mhetrufis thereby wthem rtpofid; and when any of tbetru-Jlees Jo ylifted and nominated fball die, JbaU in like manner eleft and pomnate a fitperfon or persons to fupply the place or places of him or

them



i86	Anno	vkgfimoicptm	c.*6.	[fj&£

if* dying* 4*4 fo talk* quotw *f ofjkeifisid irujtus fa eie&mand ttomin&idyor. others fiek&ed andnmip^tdiaJnppfytfa^ phnAb-fail happen *$ die r end whereas tba?pnvtrt md tmbhbmti^ given Ujht whole body of the trufttos of the British Mufeum* By i tk?faidal7 incorporatedi ate thereby limited tg be axerciftdby themes or the major part of thems at any general meeting gffembbd: whereas it may happen that 'the /aid archbjhopof Canterbury, I ehmi lord chancellor or lord keepers and the fpeaker of the haufaof eotwmmtfi tnay be hindered by tndifpofition or avocation from being all of them prefentvt fitch elections of truflees j and it mayalfo happen that'Met , major part of the whole number of the trufiees of /£/ firfetfh Mu* foum cannot conveniently be preftnt at every getural meeting cf tfc Elections of jdid trufiees \ be it eria&ed by the authority aforefaid, That gneryi tfofteesj at	ele&ioh	of*&	truftee, at which tbeiaidarchbilhapof Gan*

archbiftiop of ft*bury, th<s lord chancellor or lord keeper, and the fpeakes ofl Canterbury, the botife of commons, or any two of them lhaii ber prefen t,' lord chanced shall be as valid and effectual to ail intents and purposes whatfo^ lor, lord keep- ever*, as if thelaid archbifhop of Canterbury, the lord chancellor cr*oTthe houfe *** l°rd keeper^ and the fpeaker of the hoafe of commons, mart of commons, alfof* them p&f&ifc; 'and that the a6ls and orders, made fcy the or two of major part of fuel* number of the faid truftecs* as shall bepre* them, [hall he at tmy fuch general meeting, fo as feveo of the faid.truftee* ahaas^done	there-prefent, shall l>ave the fame and thtiike

by feven tru- force and effe<ft, as if fuch afts and orders were made by>rte fteejsdeemtd major part of the whole number of the faidtrufteesj any thiira. valid.	dn the foid aft or any law -to the contrary thereof in any

^ \ notwithftanding.	■	*	■ .j ?ooo r-bist

a6Geo.it' m+. ty* 4hd vkhereds by an alt pi (fed In the laftfeffion of parliament*

*' intituled*, Art aft for the fettling and aicertiuning.the fecaap hit • taken by clerks to the juftices of the peace*, it is thereby emtfM*

; That the tables' of fees therein required to be* made and approved^ the juflices of the peace at their refptfiive general quarter fyffmf throughout that part of Greait Britain called England, be laid before the judges-at the next affixes who art, thereby required to ratify, and confirm the fame in manner as therein mntio&du .andvjlwraatpa, fafficienl provifion is therein made for the ratifying and coufhwiug thi\ tables of fees mad*i fits led and appreved, orJo be madey fettled and approved, by the juftices vf the peace for the county of tWfefe*£ Tables of fees be it therefore ena&ed by tli£ authority aforefeid, That<thq for clerks of of fees to be taken by the clerks to juftices of the peace,for-the; ibices m county of Middlefetfi which is or ftu.U from time to time he afofto, ; h^ing approv- foiled and approved by the faid juftices fiar tlie faid cpwHy edat thequar-theif general or quarter feffions, shall be laid before thelofft ter feffions, to chief justice of the King’s Bench, the lord chief justice of the bhriatl5cdhyrC°mmon Pleas and the lord chief baron of the Exchequer [ufticTsand 1Cf°r anY *wo °f them, who are hereby authorized and required to chief baron, or ratify and confirm fuch table of fees, in fuch manner and forot two of them, as the fame shall be fo made, fettled and approved of, ©c wjtfa ftich alterations, additions of abatements, as to the faid lord chief justice of the King’s Bench, the lord chief justice of ihe Common Pleasy and the lord chief barop of the JExchequfir^pr

any

 

1754*] Aano vteefimo feptimoG^orgii II. c. i6.	187

any two of theta, shall appear to be juft and reafonable; and the faid jufticeS of the peace for the faid county are hereby impower-ed and tequired to mike a table of fw*i fees at their next gene-ral or quarter feffiohs to be held for the 'fold county after the twenty fourth day of Juneone thousand feven hundred and fifty four, and to approve or alter the fame at the next facceeding general or quarter fefllons, and from time to time, and in like manner to make and approve any other table of fuch fees.

V.	And, for the relief of any person or persons, who through negleCt or inadvertency have omitted to pay the several rates and duties, or any part thereof, upon monies given, paid, contracted or agreed for, with or m relation to any clerk, apprentice or faruant, Who hath been put or placed to or with any mafter or raiftreft, to learn any profeflion, trade, Of employment, and to have fadv indentures Or other writings which contain the covenants,1 articles, Contracts or agreements, relating to the fervice of- ftielvclerk, apprentice or fervarit, ftamped within the times by the several a&s of parliament for thofe purposes nefpeftively limited; or Who have alfo in like manner omitted to infeft and write hi words at length, in fuch indentures or other writings as aforefaid, the faH fum or fums of money of any part thereof received, or in any wife direCily or indirectly given, paid, or agided, of contracted For, with, or in relation to every fuch deft, apprentice or fervanr, as aforefaid; be it enaCted, That	^m	,

upori ’ payment of the rates and duties upon monies, or ftich meittdfthe pdtt'of fuch monies fo neeleCtcd or omitted to be paid as afore- duties by 1 faid, on or before the firft day of Augufi one thousand feven bun- f-0r appren?^ dfed and fifty four, to fuch person or persons to whom the fame tices, andten-to* be paid, and tendering the faid indentures or other dering the in. waitings tube ftamped at the fame time, or at any time on or£entur*s tob* brfore the twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven ttarapc 1 hfindred arid fifty four, (of which timely notice is to be given in the London Oatitle) the fame indentures or other writings (Kali be]good and available in law of equity, and may be giveh in the fame tobe evidence in*any court whatfoever; and the clerk, apprentice dr vahd, &c. fervant therein named, shall be capable of following and ex-ereifihg their refpeCHve intended trades or employments, as fully asif the faid rate9 and duties fo omitted had been duly paid, and tb^fall ftm or Turns deceived or agreed for as aforCfaid, had bdih inferred ; aftd the persons who have incurred anv penalties by the1 omHfions afbrCfaid, (hart be acquitted and difeharged of and from the faid penalties; any thing in the faid former aefts to thfctontrary ndtWithftanding. '

VI.	And mhtredr fibers persons through mijiahe, cibfence, or forte unavoidable accident, to the prejudice of infants and others, have omitted to eaufe affidavits to be made and filed in the proper offices, of the afiual execution of several cont rafts in Writing, to ferve as clerks tv dttomies' and Jolicitors, within the times'limited and expreffed by certain afls paffied in the twenty second and twenty fourth years of his present Majtjly'i reign, whereby many persons may be in danger of inou&iiig the djfithUties in the faid aft of the twenty second year of

bis





iS8

Anno viarfimo feptkno Gxt>£Gli IL	[1754*

his present Majejifs reign fpetifitfl;	it therefore enafted by the

authority aforefaid, That all and 'evetyperfon or persons who Further time have omitted to caufe fach. affidavit or affidavit* to been ado. and allowed to filed as aforefaid, and who (ball* on or	faft day of

Etve omitted ^c^m5 fotm next> ^aufc one or ppore affidavit or affidavits, to file affida- t0 i® made and filed in fuch manner as direfted by the4laid iaft vits of con recited afts, or either of them, shall be, and are hereby.indem-trafts to ferve nified, freed and difeharged, from and againft all penalties;"for-attorniesStores, incapacities and difabilitics in the faid aft pf th^twmty cording to ' Second year of his present Majesty’s reign mentioned, incoptd aiGeo a.c.46. or to be incurred, for or by reafon of any oegleft pr omigWfe in caufing fuch affidavit or affidavits fo to be jnadcapd aforefaid, according tot he direftioos of the laid laft recUe4ft&9» or either of them 5 and fuch affidavit or affidavits fo to-be m$dc and filed as aforefaid, shall be as effeftual to all intents *oA pur~ pofes, as if the fame had been made and filed within tbe.rejpp^ tive times limited by the faid fcvcral la(l recited afts* or cHhor of them*	-	v',

VII.	And whereas many bad accidents happen ^ and great nfijebUff are frequently dene upon theJlreets and highways by the negligence, or wilful misbehaviour of persons driving carriages thereon » be it therefore further enafted, That if the driver of any cart, car, dray The driver of or waggpn, shall ride upon any fuch carriage, not having ibvae Who <ha& ride <*!*** person on foot or on horfeback to guide the fame (fapfc thereon, not car{s as are refpeftively drawn by one horfe only, or by having Come horfes abreafa and are condufted by fom® person holding ffc person on foot rcjns 0f fucfi fiorfe or horfes excepted) or if the driver or Ame,1 **1C carriage whatfoever, on any part of any faeet or highway* ftml or who shall by negligence or wilful railbehaviour caufe any hurt or damage by negligence to any person palling or being upon fuch facet or highway* eyg^y hurt any per- fuch driver offending in any of the cafes aforefaid, ar^be&g fmg 116 convifted of fuch offence, either by his pwp,!«mfeffion,.p|:^y 9 the oath of one or more credible witnefs -or witneffes* before any juface of the peace of the county, ridii^g, diyifion ot*p|*£*, where fuch offence Ihajl be committed, lhall for. every fuph offence forfeit any futn not exceeding ten shillings, or,faallfpc to forfeit i° s. committed to the houfe of correftion for any time not ted. commit‘ ing one month, at the diferetion of fuch juftice* andnqvftfy , fuch driver, offending in either of the (aid cafes, (hallandm*y Offender may by authority of this aft, and without any other, warrant, he^p-be apprehend* prehended by anv person or persons who Omll fee fuch office ed without	committed, and mall be immediately conveyed or delivered t$a

warrant.	conftable or other peace officer, in order -to be conveyed before

fome justice of the peace, to be dealt with according, K>|aw*^



 v^ooqLc

189

1753-1 Anno viceGmo feptimo Georgu II. c. 17.

.	_	!■	I':.'.

A* a3i for tevefkingiin the cro^bn the po wer of appointing the > o&flalofttcM stf&alfea of ibwourt rf K ing^UenCh 9 jfpitd'jfbr tbit Vittet regulation of that office, and of the hi* fieffor fifftets' thereto belonging j for rebuilding tbit

;3g^l&chc;;.v:/	.	'

ITf T H E R E A 8 Wi	Jetties	the	Firfi,	by hh letter*

1W patent hearing date at Weftmihfter the fifteenth day of May fourteenth year of hh reign, did give and grant to Sir Wil-Imrh&nkh knight, his heirs and affigns, the office of marfhul of the Marfhalfea1 of the court of King's Bench, to have, hold, enjoy, txertife and occupy the faid office by hintfelf or thefnfelves, or hh or tbeit fufficient deputy or deputies > for ever-, and did alfh thereby grant techyjaid Sir Williarti Smith, his heirs dndaffigns, all fees and prifih belonging to the faid office, togetherr with the cujlody of the prifon and prijonerS thereto committed, as by the faid letters patent, relation thereunto being had\ may more at large appear: and whereas the fee ftmple and inheritance of the faid office, by virtue of fiveral itiefttf Conveyances and qffurances in the law, did afterwards become vtfieiin'“WilliamLenthall late of Great Hazeley in the county of Q&ft, efquire, deceaftd y and whereas the faid William Lenthaftf, by indenture bearing date on or about the twenty fourth day i^Feb-thoufond fix hundred and eighty four, tn cOnfideration of the pent of ten tboufand pounds therein mentioned^ to be advanced "and bns ty John Cutler of Wefttninfter, in the county ^Middle- ,	^	^

U&,tkkigbt and baronet, did, amongfi other things, covenant that he and^heirs JhoMJland feifed of the fee fimple and inheritance of :r " ‘ T-tbefat&ejfki for fecuring the payment of the faid fum of ten thdu~ 'f/. { fund pounds!, wkh inttrefi for the fame after the rate of five pounds fatten fhillingsper centum per annum to the faid Sir JohrtGutfer* fr'hfs traflets therein named, at certain days and times therein men-timed, and long finu'pafi: and whereas by an all of parliament made tn the eighth and ninth years of the reign of bis late majefiy King % &9 wilL 3* WffiiaOnf the Third, intituled. An a<5t for the more effectual re- c. *7. lieft&f Creditors in cafes of efeapes; and for preventing abufes in prifons and pretended privileged places 5 it was amongfi other things'provided. That nothing in the faid alt contained should extend to prejudice, impeach, or lefficn any Jtcurky or fecuritiesfor any fum 0+fums of money made of given by or out of the faid office of marfhal of the MaMialfeaof the court of King’s Bench* or the profits tbttiof, by the faid William Lenthall to the faid Sir John Cutler, or to Edn&und Boulter efquire, executor of the faid Sir John Cutler, or to any other person or persons in trufi for them, or either of them, or to fubjeft the Jaid office, or the profits thereof, or the per-fon or persons in whom the fame then were or should be vefied, to any of the forfeitures or penalties in the faid recited aft contained, other than Juch as they were or might be liable unto before the making of the faid aft, until fuch fum or fums of money as was or were fecured by the of orefaid mortgage should be fully fatisfied and paid, any thing in

the



Go( e

19O	Anno	vkefiroofcptf ■»	CV17.	[1754.

li*}aid mi ted afl contained to the contrary tbereofnotxmthftesHdhtg $ and in and by the faid recited off, it teas amosigjt other things enadti. That all and every deputation or deputations, grant or grant), at any time thentofore made or executed by the Jaid William Ltnthall of the. fetid Office of marfbtd of the Marfhatfc* of the find court of King’s Beixdiy was and were thereby declared void and of none ef* fett; ‘and that every Juccteding marfbal jbould, from time to time, and at all times thenafter, be conflicted and appointed by the fend WilUam Leothall, bis heirs find ttffigns, by and wish the conftnt in Uniting under the hand and feal of the find Edmund Boulter, bit executors, admwiflrators and affigns, until the debt owing by the find WiNiam Lenttioil to the faidxAmmd Bouker, as executor ofthi fgid Sir John Cutler, Jbould be fatisfied: and whereas by an aaoant figned by the /aid WHfcam LenthaH, on or about the twenty fixtk Hey of June one thousand fevers hundred, there appeared to be then due from bint, and fecund by the fend mortgage of the office afire-* faid, tbefum of twenty thousand four hundred and thirty etg he pounds* ten failings and fix pence halfpenny: and whereas the fatd debt Was afterwards afftgnod to Jofcph Studley late of Sj/^Nkholai'Lan^ London, gentleman deceafed; and the fee fimple and inheritOMfjf the office aforefaid by virtue of several mefne conveyances and aft6« rancet in the law, is now become vojled in Ebenezer Blackwell of Lombard Street, London, goldfmitb, in trail for the heirs of the faid William Lenrhail, and in trujl that he the faid Ebenotutf Blackwell and his heirs/hall and may, (as there Jhail be oceofo*r U*~ til the debt due on the aforefaid mortgage shall be fatisfied) by axdu&tb the confent of the executors, adminfiratorsor affigns of thefaidjofoph Studley, teflified in writing under their hands and feals, and not otherwife, conjlitute and appoint fome ptrfon or persons to execute t6i offset of marfbal of the Marihalfea aforefaid, and with the like conftnt appoint fiich other officers as belong to the fame office: and whet tenth* debt due on the faid mortgage hath beenfinct a(figned to the ftveratfkr* font and in the several proportions hereinafter mentioned, (thaP is H fay) to Thomas Martin of Clapham, in the county of >Suiiby, efyuire, eight twentieth parts thereof; to John Martin of bury, in the county of Worcefter, efauire, four twentieth part) thereof \ to the faid Thomas and John Martin, as executors of iS§ wiH of Edward Bowman late of London, citizen and goldfmitb; deceafed, four twentieth parts thereof, upon the trujl s in the faid Witt mentioned; to John Langmore of Bow Lane, London, gentleman; as executor of the will of the faid Jofeph Studley, one twentieth „ part thereof; to the faid John Lanemore/a Us own right, one half of one twentieth part thereof $ to Edward Birch of the parifb of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the county <?/MiddIefex, cordwainer* and Ann his wife, one half of one twentieth part thereof^ <tnd>M the faid Ebenezer Blackwell, two, twentieth parts thereof6*4 whereas on the firfi day of February one thousand ftven hundred 0*4 fifty three, there was due for principal and inter efi on the aforefaid mortgage, the sum of thirty thousand three hundred and ninety Jnnn pounds, three fhUlings and tierce pence; and• the proprietors ef '■ thi /aid debf hwf agreed to accept tbefum of ten titoufmd and fivehun*

drei

 

Anno vkrefimo fcptiroo GEOltoJl II. c. i^r; 191

drtdpounds as a compenfation and in fullfatisfatHon of and far the ^mtondwhereas theprifm of the MarfnaHea of the faid court pf King's ikncb is decayed by length of time> and fir much out ofre-pair? that the fame’in its present condition is unfafe for the cajlody, and dangerous to the health of the prifoners\ which incorrdeniencies cannot he remedied unlefs the prtfbn is rebuilt: and whereas the faid ffict. of marjhal of tbe Marflialfea aforefaid* is an office of great frujl end importance, and the granting toe fame in fee by King James the tirfi) and the mortgaging the fame under fuch grant, bps been a very griat obfiruBion to tbe due exercife of the faid office^ and detrimental tithe authority and jurifdiftion of his Majesty s faid court ofKm&’s Bench, and to the Jafity of tbe prifoners commstted to tbe aforefaid prfon* and injurious to tbe fuitors of the faid courts who can not nave any benefit of the aforefaidftatute made in the eighth and ninth years of tbe reign of his late majefty King William the Thirds until the dent due on tbe aforefaid mortgage Jhall be paid and fatisfied: may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted* arw.be it ena&ed by the King's moft excellent majefty, by add with (he advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflembkd, l0f«j9jf to bp and by the authority of the fame. That out of all or any die paid to aids or fupplies granted to his Majesty for the fervice of the Thomas and year one thousand feven hundred and fifty four, any firm °* {ohn^aM-n, fcms of money not exceeding the sum of ten thousand five hun- ^ore.Edward dred pounds mail and may be iftued and paid to the faid Thomas Birch and Martin* John Martin, John Langmore* Edouard Birch and Ebe- Eben^er n&r Blackwell*their executors, adminiftrators or afligns, in Sfcharwof1 eonfideration of and full fatisfaftion fur the debt due to them on mortgage the (aid mortgage of the office of marffial of the Marfhafea a* on the pffice fprefaid, upon their conveying, affigning and rcleafing unto his of mar(hal of Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, all their eftate, right, title and j£eourfoau intereft, of, in and to the faid office, and the faid debt fo due to them as aforefaid.

Hv And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore--,.

Cud* That from and immediately after the payment of the laid hcni^^irh" fum of ten thousand live hundred pounds to the faid Thomas the power of Martin* John Martin, John Langmore, Edward Birch and Ebe- appointing nmr Blackwell, the faid pi ifon of the Marfhafea of the faidthe mar^.ah Court of King's Bench, and the feite thereof, and the ground andj£/^^* appurtenances thereunto belonging, and the power of granting the cuftody of the faid prifon, and the office of marfhal of the Marfhafea aforefaid, shall be re-vefted in his Majesty, his heirsprovifo for and fucceflbrs, and shall for ever thereafter remain and be ur>- redemption, alienable; fubje£t neverthelefs to fuch provifo or condition for redemption thereof, as herein after is mentioned, and alfo fub-j&tt to fuch regulations and proviftons, with regard to the execution of the faid office, and to the government of the faid pri-fon, as are herein after provided, enabled and declared.

UI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared	^

the authority aforefaid, That if the heirs or alligns of the be- cf wjiiiam tore-named .William Letithall shall and do, on or before the LenrhaH, ex-;	*	twenty	hibiting a bill

 

John Aftitan the prefcnt marfhal con* tinued.

igz	.Anno	viccfimo fcpthno GeorGH II. c. 17. t* 754-

in the exche- twenty ninth day of September which shall be in the year one queir, and ob- thousand feven hundred and fifty fix, exhibit, or caufe to be cx-cree^and dff- hibited, a bill or bills in his Majesty’s court of Exchequer at charging the IVeftminJler and shall obtain a decree thereupon for redemption mortgage, of the (aid office, and shall pay into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer at Wejlminfter aforefaid, fuch (bm or fums of money as by the faid court of Exchequer they shall be ordered or decreed to pay in difeharge of the faid mortgage; then, and in to re-poflefc	ca^e> l“ey ®*all anc* may	and enjoy the (aid office,

the office*. in as full and ample manner as they lawfully might have done if this a A had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Redemption IV. Provided neverthelefs, That nothing in this a St con-not revived as tained shall give, or be conftrued to give, to the heirs or af-to time. fig os of the faid JVilliam Lenthall any right or benefit of redemption of the faid office, which by reafon of the length of time, or otherwife, they would not have been intituled to if this a<5t had not been made.

y. And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore* faid. That from and after payment of the faid fum of ten thousand five hundred pounds, John AJbton efquire, the present marfhal of the Marjhalfea aforefaid, shall continue to have, hold and enjoy the faid office of marfhal of the Marjhalfea aforefaid, and all fees, perquifites, profits, privileges and advantages thereto belonging ffubjed neverthelefs to the provifo for redemption herein before-mentioned) for and during fo long time as he shall behave himfelf well in his faid office, and shall be refident in the faid prifon, or within the rules thereof, and no longer: and after the death, refignation or amoval from the faid office of the faid John AJhtony his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, shall have full power and authority (lubjeft neverthe-lefs to the provifo for redemption herein before-mentioned) to nominate, conftitute and appoint, by his or their letters patent, or by his or their fign manual, fuch person as his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, shall think fit and proper, to be marfnal of thz Marjhalfea aforefaid; and fo, from time to time, to nominate, conftitute and appoint the marfhal of the Marjhalfea aforefaid, when and as often as the faid office shall become vacant by death, refignation or otherwife; and every fuch person fo nominated, conftituted or appointed marfhal of the Marjhalfea a-forefaid, shall have, hold and enjoy the faid office, and all fees, perquifites, profits, powers, privileges and advantages thereto belonging, for and during fo long time as fuch marfhal shall behave himfelf well in his faid office, and shall be refident in the faid prifon, or within the rules thereof, and no longer; and all grants of the faid office shall be made accordingly, or otherwife shall be void.

VI. And it is hereby further cna<fted and declared by the au-thori7 aforefaid. That the marfhal of the Marjhalfea aforefaid, and prifoners,an<* a“ inferior officers belonging to the faid office of marfhal, to the* and the prifoners committed and to be committed to the prifon

afore-

Aftcr his death or a-moval, the King to appoint.



*754'J	Anno viccfimo fcptimo Georgii II. c. 17.	199

aforefaid, (hall* ftgra time to time, andat all times hereafter, niles madein be regelated and governed by>fuch rules and orders as have been, p|™an^aof or shall be for that purpofe made and provided, in purfuanceof1	**"

the dirc&ions of an ad of parliament made in the fetond year of tb*«ign of his present Majesty, intituled,' An act for the relief of debtors* with ufpeft to the imprisonment of their perfons; and the £ud. marfhal, and. the inferior officers aforefaid, shall accept and No other feet takefoch fees only as have been, or shall be appointed and let- ** t^ccn* tied in purfuance of the raid 1 aft-mentioned ad, and no other or greater fee or reward whatfoever.	cd.

VII* And it is hereby further enaded by the authority afore- *	.

faid, That from and alter payment of the laid fum of ten thou-10 have tbe fand five hundred pounds, the marfhal of the Marjbalfea afore- appointment faid for the time being, shall have the nomination and appoint- ot inferior of-meat of all fuch inferior officers as now are belonging, or here- ficcr8» ^ tofore have ufually belonged to the office of marfhal of the Marjbalfea aforefaid 5 and all inferior officers who shall be appointed in purfuance of this ad, shall hold their feverai offices during fo long time as they shall relpedively behave themfelves well therein, and no longer; and all grants of the faid inferior office* shall be made accordingly, or otherwife shall be void.

VIIL Provided always, and it is hereby enaded and declared Themarfltal by the authority aforefaid. That as well the marfhal of the and inferior Marjbalfea aforefaid, as the inferior officers to be nominated and ?^cfn appointed in purfuance and by virtue of this ad, shall be fubjed	or

and liable to be amoved from their refpedive offices by order or misbehaviour* rule of his Majesty’s faid court of King's Bench** in cafe of any fuch non-refidence or other negled of duty, or any fuch mi(bo* havipur in their (aid offices refpedively, as the (aid court of Kingls Bench shall think fufficient caufe for fuch amoval, upon any complaint to be made againft fuch marfhal, or any fuch inferior officer, by motion or petition, in a fummary way#

K JX.. Provided also, and it is hereby enaded and declared by Perfons fell- ‘ the. authority aforefaid. That if any peribn, at any time after iag, &c» the payment of the (aid fum of ten thousand five hundred pounds, <jf“cc fhallbargain or fell the (aid office of marfhal of the Afarfisalfeaa-^ior Meat* forefaid, or any inferior office thereto belonging, or any deputa* thereto be-tiop< of any fuch office .or offices, or any part or parcel of any of longing, &c* them, or receive, have or take any money, fee, reward, or any othpr profit, diredly or indiredly, or take any promife agreement, covenant, bond, or any aflurance to receive or have any money, fee, reward, or other profit, diredly or indiredly, for * any fiich office or offices, or any deputation or deputations* of any fuch office or offices, or for any part of any of them, of to th# intent that any person fhoukl have, excrcife or enjoy any > fuch office or offices, or any deputation or deputations of any fuch office or offices, or any part of any of them, then all and < every fuch peribn and persons who shall fo. bargain or fell any fuch office or offices^ deputation or deputations, or who shall /» • take any money, fee, reward or profit for any fuch office or ©fa ; fiecs,orany deputation or deputatioosic^any of thefiudoffiq^J^ - •

VouXXI.	O	or]

. ,1 :







154	Anno ricefiirto feptimo GioRCii H. C.fjl [1754.

or any part of any of thorn, or who dull take any promife, covenant, bond or afiurance for any money, reward or profit to he given for aoy fuch office or offices, or any deputation or deptL-♦ r ^ u • talons of any of the faid offices, or any part of any of thorn, right in the r ft*11 lofc an<* 6*®“* his and their right, interest and eftate, offices, &c. which fuch person or persons, shall then have, of, in or to any of the faid offices or deputations, or any part of any of them, of or in, or to the gift or nomination of any of the faid offices or deputations, for which office or offices, deputation or deputations, or for any part of any of them, any fuch person or persons shall fo make any bargain or fale, or take or receive any fum of money, fee, 'reward or profit, or any promife, covenant, bond or afiurance to have or receive any fee, reward, money or profit;

,	and	that all and every person ana perfonsr who (Hall give or pay

chaferdFf^ “Y fom of money, reward or fee, or shall make any promife, abled to hold, agreement, bond or afiurance to give or pay any fum ot money, reward or fee for any of the faid offices, or tor the deputation or . deputations of any of the faid offices, or any part of any of them, & all immediately, upon the fame fee, money or reward beinggiven or paid, or upon any fuch promife, covenant, bond or agreement being bad or made for any fee, fum of money or reward to be paid as aforefaid, be adjudged, and is and are hereby declared to be a difabkd person or persons in the law, to all in*

-	'	tents	and	purpofes, to have, occupy or enjoy the laid office or

offices, deputation or deputations, or any part of any of them, for which fuch person or persons shall fo give or pay any fum of money, fee or reward, or make any promife, covenant, bond or other afiurance to give or pay any fum of money, fee or reward whatfoever.

Perfons who ¥• Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby enabled by the au-have purchaf- tbority aforefaid. That nothing in this act contained shall ex-ed any inferi- tend, or be conftrued to extend in any wife to prejudice any per-or office from foa who at any time heretofore hath purchased any inferior of-Lees?an?now **cc or pi*** belonging to the office of marlhal of the Marjbalfea fn poffeffion, aforefeid, of or from any person or persons claiming under the aforefaid mortgage of the twenty fourth day of February one thousand fix hundred and eighty four, and who is now in pof-feflion of fuch office or place 5 but that every fuch person who hath fo purchased any fuch inferior office as aforefaid, shall and may hold and enjoy the fame in the feme manner as he might have done, if this ad had not been made; any thing hereip be* fore contained to the contrary notwithftandiftg; giving fuch fe-curky for the due execution of his office to the marfial of the Marjhalfea for the time being, as his Majesty’s court of Kings Bench shall dire# and appoint; and shall have power to fell or difpofe of fuch office or place to any person who shall contra&or agree.for the purchafe thereof; fo as fuch fale or difpofition be made by deed of affignment, or by words of affignment in-dorfed on the back of the grant of the faid office or place* and be.made with the approbation and content of the faiAcow&f Ring's Bench (if in tffm time) or wjth theapprobation and

to hold the fame giving fecurity for the execution of fuch office.

and may af-fign the fame with confent of the court, Stc.

. L.ooQle

1754*3 Afono vkefimo feptima Georgii II. c. 17.	195

fent of the lord chief juftice, or arvy other of the juftices of theThepur-faid court for the time being, during any vacation > and every chaler fubjcct fuch purchafer shall by virtue of fuch alignment be feifed and ^ pollened of the faid office for fo long time as he shall well behave himfelf in the faid office, but shall be amoveable in a fum-mary way as aforefaid, and shall be fubjeft to the regulations herein before-mentioned, and shall have no power to fell or dif-pofe of the fame ; and shall give fuch fecurity for the due execution of his office to the mar(hal of the Mar/halfea* as the faid lord chief juftice, or any of the juftices of the faid court, shall direft and appoint.

XI.	Provided also, and it is hereby enafted by the authority The persons aforefaid. That the faid Ebenezer Blackwell* as truftee for the accepting the heirs and afligns of the faid William Lentball* and the faid Tbo- competition mas Martin and John Martin* as executors and truftecs named:

in the will of the faid Edward Bowman* shall not be liable to any ^tisfaftion of

claim or demand whatfoever, either at law or in equity, which the debt

(hall or may be made or claimed by the heirs or affigns of the fccured by

faid William Lentball* or by any other person or persons claim-

ing under him or them, or by any person or persons claiming ^0^ in-

under the will of the faid Edward Bowman* for or in refpeft of demnified,

any breach of truft or fuppofed breach of truft by the faid Ebe-

neztr Blackwell*Thomas Martin and Join Martin* or any of them,

in accepting fuch compofition as herein before is mentioned, in

lieu and fatisfaftion of and for the aforefaid debt, fecured by the

aforefaid mortgage of the office of marfhal of the Marjhaljea a-

forefaid, or by aligning, conveying or releafing all their or any

of their eftate, right, title and interest in the faid office, in pur-

fuance of this aft, but they the faid Ebenezer Blackwell* Thomas.

Martin and John Martin* and every of them, are and is andt shall be, by virtue of this aft, indemnified and faved harmlefs. from all claims and demands whatfoever, of any person or perrons whomfoever claiming or to claim by, from or under the faid William Lentball and Edward Bowman* or either of them, for oc in refpeft of fuch compofition as aforefaid, or for or in reljpeft of fu^h affignment, conveyance or releafe as aforefaid, or for any other aft, deed, matter or .thing whatfoever, which they the faid Ebenezer Blackwell* Thomas Martin and John Martin* or any of them, shall do or caufe to be done in purfuance of this aft, or for the better carrying the fame into execution.

XII.	Provided also, and it is hereby enafted by the authori- Thomas and ty aforefaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the faid John Martin Thomas Martin and John Martin to deduft and retain to them- to be paid felves, out of the truft-monies which shall or may come to their thc,rex-hands by virtue of this aft, a proportionable part of all fuch V****** cofts, charges and expences, as they shall have refpeftivcly fu-

ftained or been put unto, in relation to the faid mortgage of the faid office of marfhal of the Mar/halfea aforefaid.

XIII.	And to the end that the fuitors of the faid court of The claufeso Kings Bench may have the full benefit of the aforefaid aft of *w* 3-c-*7* parliament of the eighth and ninth years of the reign of his faid

O 2	late	^

 CjOOQle

r

i $6

payment of 10,5001.

The marfhal. Sec. difcbarged from payment of any fum for holding his office, from 12 Feb. >75J-

Sttool. to be Hied for rebuilding the prifon.

Bodies politick, Sec. im powered to fell lands, &c* for the commodious rebuilding the prifon.

Anno vicesimo fcptimo Geobgii II. C. 17s	[1754,

late majefty King William the Third 5 it it hereby further enacted by the authority aforcfaid, That from and immediately after payment of the laid fum of ten thouland five hundred pounds, the herein before recited claufes of the faid aft shall be and are hereby repealed.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority afbrdaid. That the laid John AJbton, his heirs, executors* adminiftrators and affigns, and all other person and persons whomfoever, shall be, and is, and are hereby exonerated, freed and difcharged, from the payment of all or any fum or Turns of money, to the faid Thomas Marti*, John Marti*, John Lang-more9 Edward Birchy and Ebenezer tlathwell9 their heirs, executors, adminiftrators or affigns, or any of them, or to any o-ther person or persons whomfoevqr, for or upon account of holding, uling or exerciling the office of marftial of the Marjbalfea a-forefaid, from and after the twelfth day of February which was in the year of our Lord one thousand fcvcn hundred and fifty three, by virtue of any leafe, contraft or other agreement what-foever, any fuch leafe, contraft or agreement whatfoever, or any law, ftatute, ufage, or other matter or thing to the contrary not-withftanding.

XV.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore-laid, That by and out of all or any of the aids or fupplies granted to his Majesty for the fervice of the year one thouland feven hundred and fifty four, there shall and may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding the sum of feven thouland right hundred pounds, for defraying the expence of rebuilding the (aid prifon of the Marjbalfea ofthe faid court of King's Benchy in fuch manner, and at fuch place, within the rules of the laid prifon, as the commissioners of his Majesty’s treasury now bring, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer, or the commissioners of his Majesty’s treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, shall direft, by writing under his or their hands.

XVI.	And whereas it may be necejfary to purchafe lands or tenements yfor the more commodious rebuilding the aforejmd prifon ; be it therefore enafted by the authority afore faid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all bodies politick, corporate or collegiate, and all truftees, mortgagees, and feofees in truft, guardians of infants, and committees of lunaticks and ideots, executors and adminiftrators whatfoever; and alfo to and for all femes covert, and all and every other person and persons whomfoever, who are or shall be feized, poflefled of, or interefted in, any lands or tenements, within the rules of the faid prifon, to bargain and fell the fame to fuch person or persons, as the com-miffioners of his Majesty’s treasury now being, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer, or the commissioners of his Majesty’s treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, (hall, by writing under his or their hands, appoint to Contraft for the purchafe thereof, for the purpofe aforefaid; and fuch lands and tenements fo to be purchafed, shall be conveyed

to



*97

i 754.] Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 17*

to his Majesty, hit heirs and fucceflors, by deed or deeds, to be inrolled in his Majefty's court of King’s Bench aforefaid ; and all . contra&s, agreements and Tales, and all conveyances, by fuch deeds inrolled as aforefaid, which {hall be made by any fuch _ bodies politick, corporate or collegiate, or other perfbns afore- chafefmonev faid, shall be valid and effectual to all intents and purposes ; any to be laid out law, ftatute or ufage, or any other matter or thing to the con- in the pur-trary notwithftanding: and all and every fum and Turns of mo- fbafe °f °d’er ney, which shall be paid to or for the ufe of any fuch body poli-tick, corporate or collegiate, or other person or persons aforefaid, for the purchafeof any lands or tenements, for the purposes of this a<5t, shall be refpedively laid out and invefted in the pur-chafe of other lands, tenements and hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and fettled to and upon, and fubjedt to fuch titles, ufes, trulls, limitations, remainders and contingencies, as the Till fuch pur-lands and tenements, fold for the purpofe of this adl, were fet- chafe* made, tied, limited and allured, at the time of fuch fale, and shall be bTriaced^n0 held and enjoyed accordingly; and until fuch purchafe-money thcfand*. lhall be re-invefted in lands as aforefaid, the lame {hall be laid out in the purchafe of (locks in Tome of the publick funds, or placed out on government or real fecurities at intereft, and fuch interest shall be paid to or for the ufe of fuch person of persons, as would have been intided to the rents and profits of the lands or tenements fo fold for the purposes of this aA as aforefaid.

XVII.	And it is hereby further declared and enabled by the After the pri-authority aforefaid. That when fuch prifon shall be rebuilt as (h*11 be aforefaid, the marftial of the Marjhalfea aforefaid for the time be-

ing, shall from time to time, and at all times from thenceforth, keep the (am at bis own cods and charges, by and out of the fees and profits inrepair. incident to his faid office, well and fufficiently repair and keep in good repair the faid prifon, and all the buildings and appurtenances thereunto belonging; and the faid prifon fo rebuilt, and the buildings and ground thereto,belonging with the appurtenances, shall remain unalienably vefted in his Majesty, his heirs and fuccedbrs for ever.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it forther enabled by the authority aforefaid. That nothing in this a<Sl contained shall extend, or be deemed, conftrued or taken to extend to alter, The - ^ ^ change, impeach or affedt any edate, right, title or interest of, the duke

or claimed by the mod noble Thomas duke of , his execu- Leeds not a fetors, adminhtrators or affigns, or which he or they can or may by *b* have or claim of, in or to all thofe two mefliiages with the ap-purtenances, fituate, lying and being in Southwark in the county of	Surrey, whereof heretofore one was called The Angel, and is

now, or late was, called or known by the name of the King’s Bench; and the other called The Crane \ and all tenements, houfes and girdens^to the faid meffnages, or either of them, belonging oc appdrtmung'j. and* piece tjf’groun A behind the faid gpodtoqcfkmncdl>y>ode Bichdka Faimarfim. bv indenture dated khc fibJtttndv day pf <Drtembrr in the1, eight and thirtieth'year of bhfmgo of Htnij, thhcight^^late KSng xst'Engknd,t» one John oj	O	3	Mojftt



t



198	Anno	vicesimo feptimo Georgh II. c. 18.	{1754.

Maffe, for twenty one years, parcel of the lands and pofieffions then exchanged with the faid Richard pvlmarfton, and lately in the tenure of George Reynells, under the yearly rent of two and twenty pounds and ten (hillings; which (aid two mefliiages, and the faid gardens, piece of ground, and premises thereto belonging, in and by certain letters patent under the feal of his Majesty’s court of Exchequer, bearing date at Wejlminfter the eleventh day of March in the twenty fourth year of his present Majesty’s reign, were, among other things, demifed and grant* ed by his Majesty unto the (aid cthoma$ duke of Leeds, his executors, adminiftrators and affigns, for and during the term of thirty one years, from the date of making the faid letters patent.

cap. xvm.

An a£l to continue several laws for prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and firft compofed or written, and printed in Great Britain •, for ihe free importation of cochineal or indice, and relating to rice, frauds in ihe ' cuftoms, the clanieftine running of goods, and to cooper ore: and for the better encouragement of the making of fail cloth in ureat Britain; and to authorize the payment of the bounty to Alexander Brown and othersr upon a Jhip fitted out for the whale fijhery, and Iqft in the Greenland feas; and for the more effectual payment of the bounties upon Britifh made fail cloth to Robert Donald and others.

WHEREAS the frueral laws herein after-mentioned have by experience been found ufiful and bcnefcial, and are near expiring ; may it therefore pleafe your Majesty, that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with ttye advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aftemUed, and by the authority of the fame. That lo much of an ad made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, input off «Geo. tituled, An ail for prohibiting the importation of bools reprinted a-*. c. 36. con- broad, andfirfi compofed or written, and printed in Great Britain $ tinued by 20. and for repealing fo much of an ah made in the eighth year of the ^rther con^ re*%n $f her late majefty Queen Anne, as impowers the limiting the tinued to 29 prices of books; which act was to continue in force from the Sept. 1760. twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and thirty nine, for the fpace of (even years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which by an aft made in the twentieth year of his present JVlajefty’s reign was further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand (even hundred and fifty v four, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, as relates to the prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and firft cpmpofed or written, and printed ia Great Britain, shall be, and the fame is hereby further conti*

^	~	v	Bued,



1754-1 Anno vlbeflmo feptihro GEoftGi J II. c. i S:	199

nued, from the expiration thereof until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and fixty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parlianieht.

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaidj 7^o. i.c.18. That an a & shade in the feventh year of the reign of his present further conti-Majefty, intituled, An aft fir the revival of art aft made in the nu6d to *9 thirteenth year ef the reign of bis late majefty King George the FirJi^V*' intituled, An act for the free importation of cochineal, during

the time therein limited, and alfo for the free importation of in-dico; which was to continue in force from the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred artd thirty four, for thei4Geo.i.c.34* term of feven years, and from thence tor the end of the then next fefliori of parliament * and which by another aft made ini the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty was further continued, from the expiration thereof, until tho firft day G of June one thoufend fered hundred and forty feven, and front 20 C0,2# *47’ thence to the end of die then next feflioh of parliament; and which by another nft made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued; from the expiration thereof, until the flrftr day of June one thousand feven hundred and fifty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the feme is hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and fixty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefeid; Ge0<ic.*g.' That an aft made in the third year of the reign or his present further conti-Majefty, intituled. An act for granting liberty to carry rice from his nued to *9 Majejty's province ^ Carolina in America, direftly to any part of SePt* x76°* Europe Jouthward */*Cape Fmifterre, injbips built iny and belong-

mg to Great Britain, and navigated according to law ; which was to be in force for five years from the twenty ninth day of Sep*

Umber one thousand feven hundred and thirty, and from thenle 3Geo. 1.0.19. to the end of the then next session of parliament; and alfo an ad made in the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to continue the faid aft from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and forty two, and from thence to the end of tho then next feffioti of *5Gco»*-c*3S* parliament; and to extend that liberty to his Majefty’? province of Georgia in Atner'ua (which faid afts were, by an aft made in, the fifteenth and fixteenth years of the reign of his present Ma>^' jetty, continued, frortr the expiration thereof, until the firft Any ioGeo.i.c.47. of June one thoufend feven. hunched and forty feven, and frond thence to the etod of the then next session of parliament) and which was by another aft made in the twentieth year of the reign of hfe present Majesty, further continued from the expfe- n ration thereof, until the firft day of June one thousand feven ^ 2 co* *’ hundred and fifty four* and from thence ta the end* of the then ‘ next session of parliament, Audi be, and the feme is hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September one thoufend feven hundred and fixty,

P 4	and



200	Anno	vicefimo	feptimo	Georgii	II. c. 18.	[1754-’

and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

Claufe* in 5 IV. And be it further enafted by the authority afordaid. Geo. 1. c. 11. That the fevcral daufes in an aft made in the fifth year of the tinucd^ao ^B11 °f his late Majesty, intituled. An aft againji tlandeftine run* fcept. 17^0. tiing of uncujlomed goods 5 and for tbi more ejfeftual preventing of frauds relating to the euftoms, rdating to luch foreign goods, wares and merchandizes, as shall be taken in at fea, out of any fhip or veflel, in order to be landed or put into any other (hip or veflfel or boat; and alfo relating to goods not reported and found after clearing (hips; and whereby further remedies are provided againft relanding goods prohibited to be worn in this kingdom, and foreign goods (hipped out for parts beyond the leas; and alfo relating to the opening or altering the package of goods on board (hips outward-bound; and alfo relating to hovering (hips or veflels, of the burden of fifty tons or under; and alfo concerning the bales or package in which coffee shall he exported; and alfo relating to rum imported in calks or vef-fels, not containing twenty gallons at the lead; and alfo relating to certificate goods entered in order to be exported to Ireland, which were to have continuance for the term of three years, from the several times of the commencement thereof, and from thence to the end of the then next felfion of parliament refpeftively; and which by another aft palled in the ninth year £ Geo. i. c. 8. of his faid late Majesty’s reign, were continued, from the expiration of the several and refpeftive terms therein mentioned, for the term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament 5 and which faid daufes by an aft G	made	in the fecor* ’ year of the reign of his present Majesty,

a eo.s.c.2 . further continued until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and thirty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and by another aft made in the eighth year of the reign of his present Ma-SGeo.2.c.ii. jefty, were further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and forty two, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and by another aft made in the fifteenth icGco.* and fixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, were fur-5	'	*	*33*	ther	continuea from the expiration thereof, until the firft day ot

June one thousand feven hundred and forty feven, and -from thence to the end of the then next felfion of parliament; and which by another aft made in the twentieth year of the reign of soGee.2x.47* his present Majesty, were further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the firft day of June one thousand feven hundred and fifty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, xmtil the twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and fixty, and from thence to the end of the then next felfion of parliament. 8Geo.v c.iS. V. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That further conti- an aft made in the eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty,

in-





1754*]	A11110	vicefimo	fcpdmo	Georgii	IT.	c.	18.	tOi

intituled, An act to prevent the clandejline running of goods* and the nued to *9 danger of infeftion thereby \ and to prevent Jbips breaking their qua-	,7*°*

rentine; and to fubjeft copper ore of the production of the Britifli plantations, to fuch regulations as other enumerated commodities of the like production are fubjeft, which was to be in force for two fears, from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand leven hundred and twenty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which by Exception, several fubfequent ads ^except the claufes obliging all (hips and veflels to perform quarentine) was to have further continuance to the firft day of June one thousand feven hundred and forty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion loGco.x.c**. of parliament ;'and which by an ad made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was intended to be further continued to the firft day of June one thousand feven hundred and fifty four, but by miftake, the year one thousand feven hun- _ dred an<l forty feven, was inferted therein, inftcad of the faid year 21 G€0,ft * one thousand feven hundred and fifty four; and which by an ad made in the twenty firft year of the reign of his present Ma-jefty, was further continued from the expiration thereof, until the firft day of June one thoufend feven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament,

(hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and fixty, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, i* Ann. ft. t. That an ad made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late c. 16. further majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for the better encouragement continued to 0/ the making offailclotb in Great Britain, which was to continue in 19 Scpt*1760,1 force for feven years, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament; and which was by an ad made in 5Geo«,*c.*i. the fifth year of his late Majefty?s reign, further continued for the term of feven years, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament; and which by another ad made in loGeaiCrtp. the tenth year of the reign of his faid late Majesty, was further continued for the term of feven years, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament; and which by another ad made in the eighth year of the reign of his present Ma- *Gco.».c.iS. jefty, was further continued until the twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and fony two, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament; and which by a- isGeo.x c 35. nother ad made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the firft day of June one thousand feven hundred and forty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament; and which by ano- t0Qf0.1>c ther ad made in the twentieth year of the Teign of his present ‘ ’ Majesty, was further continued, from the expiration thereof, until tne firft day of June one thoufr 1 feven hundred and fifty four, and from thence to the end f the then next fefiion of parliament; shall be, and the fame i: hereby further continued,

from

 v^-ooQle

r

The treasury may j>ay the bounties to Alexander Brown and George Steel, for their vef-

Greenland

Anno vicesimo feptimo GeoRGH II. c. 18.	[*754*

^ ^P^2**011 thereof, until the twenty ninth day of Sep-•#*c‘45* tembtr one thousand feven hundred and fixty, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

VII.	And whereas by two afis of parliament made in the ftxth OnA twenty second years of the reign of his present Majefly, for the encouragement of the whale fifhery carried on by his Mijefifs Britifh fubjeftSy a bounty of forty /billings per ton, under certain regulations mentioned in the faidafiSy is to be paid by tie receiver general of the cujlomsy to tbemaflers or owners of Ihips etmhyed in the whale fi/hery in the Qreenland Seas or Davis’s Streets, on their return to this kingdom : and whereas Alexander Brotm arid George Steel, did, on the behalf of themfelves and partners, fit out in the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty one, a /hip called the Hopetoun,/#* the whale fi/hery in the Greenland Seas, in the manner prefcribod • and appointed by the faid afiSy and which faid/hip was a finally employed in t he faid fi/hery, but was unavoidably left in the faid feas: be it therefore enadied by the authority aforef&id, That the com-* miflioners of the treasury, or any three of more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the com-

felt loft in the miflioners of the treasury for the time being, Jhdl be, and he 401	, J or they are hereby impowered to dired, if he or they think fit,

the payment of the bounties which the feid Alexander Brotm and George Steely and their partners, would have been intituled to in cafe the faid (hip had returned to this kingdom; any thing in the faid two several adls contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

VIII.	And whereas several fums of money, amounting in the whole to the sum of one thousand three hundred and fifty eight pounds eleven /hillings and ten pence are due to John Stevenfon and company, and Robert Donald and company, for bounties upon Britifh made fail cloth exported from that part of Great Britain called Scotland, on or before the firft day of June one thousand feven hundred and fifty ? which fums of money cannot, by red/on of the in/ujfieiency of the fund eftablijbed for the payment ef the faid bounties, before the faid firft

Donald day of Tune one thousand feven hundred and fifty, he paid and dif-and company, charged; unlefs fome 'more effectualprovifion be made for that purpo/e \ Stcvenfon^and ^ lt t^ercf°re *na&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the fe-company, out veral and refpeftive fums of money due to Robert Donald and of the old company, and to John Stevenfon and company, for bounties up-fubfidy in 0n Briti/b made fail cloth exported on or before the firft day of aP' June one thousand Ieven hundred and fifty, amounting in the cidents. ° m* whole to the sum of one thousand three hundred and fifty eight pounds eleven (hillings and ten pence, shall be, and the fame are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid out of fuch parts of the old fubfldy collefted in that part of Great Britain called Scot-as are applicable to the payment of incidents.

1,3 <81. ns. ioa.to be paid to Robert Do

 

CAP



x754*] Anno viccfimo fcptimo Georgii II. c. 19.

CAP. XIX.

An aftfor difcharging the corporation of the governor, bailiffs ^ and commonalty, 0/ the company of confervators of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, from a debt due to the duke of Bedford, and earl of Lincoln \ andfor enabling the proprietors oflands in the North Level, part of the faid great level, to raise money to dif charge the proportion of the faid North Level in the debts of the faid corporation; and for afcertaining and appropriating the taxes to be laid on the faid North Level; and for the more effeftual draining and preferving the faid North Level, and divers lands adjoining thereto in the manor of Crowland.

WHEREAS by an a 51 of parliament made and pajfed in the 15 Car. a.

fifteenth year of the reign of his late majtfiy King Charles c‘I7m the Second, intituled, An a£l for fettling the drainihg of the great level of the fens called Bedford Level, reciting, That Francis earl _	-	s

of Bedford, according to a law of fewers made at King’s Lynn in j^^Car i™*** the fixth year of the reign of his late majefly King Charles the Firfi, had undertaken the draining of the faid great level therein mentioned to be fituate within the counties ^Northampton, Norfolk, Suffolk,

Lincoln, Cambridge and Huntingdon, and the ife of Ely, ant therein particularly bounded and defcribed; and that he was to have for his recompence ninety five thousand acres of the ground within the faid level, with convenient highways and paffages to the fame9 and the new river, cuts and drains, to be made by the faid earl and his uffigns, and the banks of thefame, and the forelands in the infide of the faid banks, not to exceedfixty foot in breadth ; and that William earl of Bedford, fon and heir of the faid earl Francis, with divers of his adventurers and participants, had proceeded in the compleating and finijbing the faid wohks; but that the fame could not be preferved without conftant care, great charge, and orderly government; is was therefore (amongfi other things) enafled, That the faid William earl of Bedford, and the adventurers and participants of the faid earl Francis, and earl William, or either of them, their heirs and affigns, in fact manner as therein after is contained, Jbould be a body politick and corporate in deed and name, and have fucceffion for ever, by the name of The governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, of the company of confervators of the great level of the fens, with power to lay and levy taxes upon the faid ninetyfive thousand acres only, for fupport, maintenance and preservation of the faid great level, and do all other things in order to the fupport, maintenance and prefervation of the faid great level and works made, and to be made, in Juch man-ner as therein is mentioned $ and taking notice, that by the faid law of fewers, twelve thousand acres, parcel of the faid ninety five thousand % acres, were defignea and intended to his faid late majefiy King Charles the Firft, and had been fet forth and allotted by bounds in feveralty ; and that bis faid late Majefiy had granted two thousand <sres% part

thereof.

 CjOOQle

*04

■ Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 19.	[1754.

thereof, to Jerome earl of Portland, bis heirs and ajfigns; and that tb$ faid earl bad fold about one tboufand five hundred acres, part of the [aid two tboufand acres, tofeveral persons, and bad conveyed the remaining Jive hundred acres to Benjamin Wefton efquire, on fevered trufis; it was thereby further enaded, that the faid two tboufand acres, or fucb other lands of equal value, as Jbculd be Jet forth in exchange of the fame, fbould be and were thereby vefled, fettled, and eftablijbed in the faid several persons, tbeir beirs and ajfigns refpeQively, to whom tbe [aid earl of Portland bad conveyed the fame, to be held of tbe King's majejty, bis beirs and fucceffort of the manor of Eaft Greenwich, by fealty only, in free and common fo-cage, fubjeGt nevertbelefs with tbe refidue of tbe faid ninety five tboufand acres, in equal proportion to all taxes and charges necessary and conducing totbeprefervationof tbe faid great level from drowning; and it was thereby further enacted, That tbe eighty three tboufand acres; remainder of tbe faid ninety five tboufand acres, with tbe faid ways, paffages, new rivers, cuts, drains, banks and fore lands, over and above tbeJaid ten tboufand acres, refidue of tbe faid twelve tboufand acres, which were allotted in feveralty, tend of which bisfaid late Majesty was in pojfejfion, were thereby vefled andfettled in tbe faid governor, bailiffs and commonalty, and tbeir fucceffors, in trufi for tbe faid William earl of Bedford, and tbe adventurers and participants of tbe faid earl Francis and earl William, or either of them, tbeir beirs and ajfigns, in fucb manner as is therein after limited and provided, and according to fucb parts and proportions as they refpeSively then held and enjoyed, or by virtue of the faid a3 ought to bold ana enjoy, fubjeS and liable likewife to the payment of all taxes and charges as aforefaid, to he held of tbe King's majefty, bis beirs and fucceffors, of tbe manor of Eaft Greenwich, by fealty, in free and common focage; and tbe faid ten tboufand acres were thereby vefled in bis then present Majesty, and bis ajfigns, Jubjeft and liable with tbe refidue of tbe Iaid ninety five tboufand acres, to she fame taxes and charges before fpecified; and it is thereby further enaded That the faid governor, bailiffs and confervators of tbefaid corporationfor the time being, or any five or more of them, whereof the faid governor or bailiffs, or tbeir fucceffors or any of them, to be two, for maintenance and frefervationof tbe faid great level, by convenient outfalls to tbe fea, fbould for ever thereafter be, and were thereby made and conjlituted commsjfioners of fewers for and of tbe faid great level of tbe fens; and tbe faid governor, bailiffs and confervators, or any five or more of them, whereof the faid governor or bailiffs, and tbeir fucce ffors, or any of them, to be two, are thereby enabled and impoweredfrom thenceforth, to ufe and exer-cife the power and authority of commijfioners of fewers, within tbe faid great level of tbe fens, and of tbe works made and to be made without the Jaid great level, for conveying tbe waters of the faid great level, by convenient outfalls to tbe fea, in fucb manner and with fucb other powers, jurifdictions and authorities, as are therein mentioned and contained: and whereas Car. i. e. 8. fcy another aS of parliament made and paffed in tbe twentieth year of bis faid late majefty King Charles tbe Second, intituled. An act for the taxing and aflemng of the lands of the adventurers within the great level of the fens, after reciting in part tbe laft recited ad, and that tbe way tbereinmentioned of raifing draining-taxes upon tbe faid ninety five tboufand acres, by an equal acre-rate, had been found inconvenient, it was enabled, That all taxes thereafter to he Jet and impofedfor tbe maintenance and preservation of tbe faid great level, fbould be from time to time ajfiffi^ef4\ taxed by tbe faid governor, bailiffs and confcrjotorf, tit; theirfucAfljfi ' : *	Mrcof.ibcm%	'wfxrcpf

“ .............................: •





205

1754-1 Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii II. c.

being, or any of tbemtobe two, upon tbe faid eighty tbree tboufand acres, part and parcel of the faid ninety five tboufand acres, by a gradual acre• tax of different Jorts and values of lands, to be received, paid and levied, by fucb ways and means, as in the faid recited afl are provided; and that the faid eighty tbree tboufand acres, for raifing taxes for fupport and maintenance of the great level, fbould not be rated or affeffed otberwife or in arty other manner than according to a gradual acre-tax of different forts and degrees, and according to the refpeftive values and rates thereby fet and rated, and to be fet and rated, as is therein after appointed: and it was thereby further endued. That when andfo often as the sum of fix tboufand one hundred find ten pounds, feven /billings, and one penny halfpenny, fbould be taxed and affeffed upon the (aid ninety five tboufand acres; that then the faid twelve tboufand acres fbould be rated and affeffed at fifteen pence the acre, and according to that proportion, for the raifing of any greaser or leffer fum than fix tboufand one hundred and ten pounds, feven /billings, undone penny halfpenny, to be received, paid, and levied, together with penalties, in fucb and the like manner, as the taxes fet and impofed, or to be fet and impofed, upon the faid eighty tbree tboufand acres, are thereby provided for to be received, paid, and levied: and to the end that the faid eighty tbree tboufand acres might be more equally rated by a gradual acre-tax, not under the number of feven forts, it was thereby further enafted, That certain per-fons in the fame aft named, or any three or more of them, were thereby con-fiituted and appointed to be furveyors and valuers of the faid eighty tbree tboufand acres, and were within the time therein limited, to digejt the faid eighty tbree tboufand acres into fucb number offorts or degrees of land, not under the nnmber of fevenforts and degrees, and to rate and taxfucb degrees, and digefitbe fame into Jcbedules in writing, and make returns thereof, upon their oaths, into the fen-office, in fucb manner as in and by thejaid ad is mentioned and dire fled: and whereas the several persons by the faid lafi recited ad appointed to be furveyors or valuers, valued amdfet out the faid eighty tbree tboufand acres, according to the directions thereby given, into eleven differentforts or degrees of land, to be rated and taxed in manner following; that is to fay, for a Jingle tax, four pence per acre on tbefirfi fort of land; eight pence per acre ontbe fecondfort; andfo increafing four pence upon every fort; the eleventh fort to be taxed at tbree /billings anaeight pence; and all greater or lefs fums wbicbtbe faid corporation fbould have occafion to raife, were to be rated and affeffed in the like proportions; which valuations of tbe laid furveyors were returned by them into tbe fen-office, as by the faid lajf-mentioned aft was dire fled; and the faid eigbty-tbree tboufand acres have always since been taxed according to the degrees and proportions thereby fet on: and allotted, calling a tax of four pence on tbe fir/l fort of land, and increafing on tbe ten otherforts in manner afore faid, a Jingle tax; five pence a tax and quarter; fix pence a tax and half; feven pence a tax and tbree quarters; and eight pence a double tax; and whereas at a court of tbe faid corporation, held tbe tenth day of March one tboufand fix hundred and Couit £°f: and ninety feven, tbe faid corporation, declared that tbe faid great levelfbould x^March * be diftinguijbed by tbe several names of tbe North Level, Middle Level, tt97% ^ * and South Level ,* and that all that part of tbe faid ninety five tboufand acres, wbicb lay between tbe north fide of Moreton's Learae, and tbe foutbfide of Welland River, fbould be accounted that part of the ninety-five tboufand acres lying witbin tbe North Level: and whereas tbe faid corporation, in order to fupport and preferve tbe several works for draining tbe Debt of the find great level, were obliged to borrow feveralfums of money on bonds, un- corporation der their common feal; and by tbatmeans, at Lady-Day one tboufandfeven ** Lady-Day,

hundred17"'





206

Anno vicesimo feptimo GeoRGII II. C. 19.	f ^754.

hundred and twenty eight, had contrasted debts, amounting in the whole, to the principal Jim of feventeen tboufand one hundred and fifty pounds; and fame new works being necessary for better draining the faid North Level, part of the faid great level, by indenture bearing date the twenty ninth day of May one tboufand f even hundred and twenty eight, and made or mention* id to be made, between tbe governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, of the com* pony of confervators of tbe faid great level of the fens, of tbe one part, and tbe moft noble William duke of Devonfhire, guardian of tbe moft noble Wriotheflcy then duke of Bedford, a minor, and tbe right honourable Henry then earl of Lincoln, of tbe other part; after reciting tbe faid sbt of tbe fifteenth year of bis late majefiy King-Charles tbe Second; and that tbe faid great level qj tbe fens was then dijlinguifbed by tbe several names of tbe North Level, the Middle Level, and tbe South Level; and that Jfucb part of tbe [aid great level, as was diftinguijbed by tbe name of tbe North Level, aid contain about forty tboufand acres of land, of which there were about eleven tboufand fix hundred acres of land, JubjeSt to tbe faid taxes and that tbe faid duke of Bedford and earl of Lincoln wereowners or proprietors of great part thereof; and further reciting. That the faid duke of Devonfhire, as guardian of tbe faid duke* of Bedford, and tbe faid earl of Lincoln, for tbe prefervation of tbe refpehive eftates of tbe Jaid duke of Bedford and earl of Lincoln, in tbe faid North Level, did in tbe then left fummer, actually lay out and expend tbe fum of three tboufand four hundred pounds,'tbe monies of tbe faid duke of Bedford and earl of Lincoln, in proportion to tbeir jaid refpeSive eftates, in regaining and keeping open tba outfall for tbe waters of tbe faid North Level to fea, and in doing several Other necessary and material works, which bad tended greatly towards tbe draining and prefervation of all tbe eftates in tbe faid North Level; but by reafon of tbe many and frequent floods which had of late years happened, and the inefficiency of tbe banks and works of tbe laid North Level to refift tbe fame, and particularly by teafon oftbeweaknejs and lownefs of tbe bank on tbe north fide Moreton^s Leame Wafh, next tbe faid North Level, tbe great* eft part of tbe lands within tbe faid level bad then lately been, and were fub-fea to be drowned, fo that little or no profit could be made thereof, nor could tbefaid North Level be effeSually drained or fecuredfor tbe future, unlefs tbe faid north bank was to be enlarged andfir engtbened; and therefore tba faid governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, bad refolvedto make a canal in tba faid wafb, and other works there, forftrengtbening and enlarging tbe faid north bank, tbe charge of all which would amount at leaft to fix tboufandfix hundred pounds; and further reciting. That tbe faid duke of Devonihire, on tbe faid duke of Bedford’s behalf, and with bis content, and tbe faid earl of Lincoln, at tbe requeft of tbe jaid governor, bailiffs, and commonalty bad agreed to advance tbe faidfix tboufandfix hundred pounds, for tbe pur* pofes aforefaid, in proportion to tbeirfaid refpe&ive eftates in tbe faid North Level; and that tbe Jaid governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, bad agreci that tbe taxes, revenues, and rents, annually laid, and arifing upon and out if tbe lands in the Iaid North Level only, Jbould be made a jecurityfor repayment as well of tbe [aid three tboufandfour hundred pounds, then already laid out, as for tbe faid fix tboufand fix hundred pounds to be laid out, and interest at tbe rate of four pound per centum per annum ; and were defir ous and had propofed, that tbe fetid duke of Devonfhire, arid earl of Lincoln, flould have not only the direction and dijpofal of tbe faid fix tboufand fix bun-dred pounds, in making tbe Jaid canal and other new works f but alfo that tbe faid duke of Devonfhire, and earl of Lincoln, during the minority of the* Jaid Juke of Bedford, and afterwards tbe faid duke of Bedford, and earl



1754*3 Apno wfimo foptiffio Qsorgjj II. c. 19.

^Lincoln, their rejpeftive heirs and affgns, Jbouldhave the direftion, difpofal, and management* of thefaiftaxes, revenues, and rents, of the Jaid North Level, to he by them employed anddifpofed in and about tie repairing and maintaining the works of the /aid North Level, and making and fupporting fucb other works, as Jbould be necejfary or conducing to the effeftual draining, fecuring, and preferring, tf the faid North Level» and for and towards the payment of the feud principal fums of three thousand four hundred pounds, and fix thou-[and fix hundred pounds, with interejt as aforefaid, until the faid principal fums of three thousand four hundred pounds, andfix thou-fond fix hundred pounds, and interejl, Jbould be fully paid and fatisped\ it is witneffed. That in confederation of the premijfes, and for fecuring the repayment of the faid several fums of three thousand four hundred pounds, and fix thousand fix hundred pounds, and interejl as aforefaid y and for the better enabling the faid dukes of Devonfliire and Bedford, and the faid earl of Lincoln, to complete their good defigns of effectually draining, fecuring, and preftrving the faid North Level, by making the Jaid canal and other works, which the faid governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, were fenfible would be of great benefit and advantage to all the efiates in the fame level y they the faid governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, for them-felves and their fucceffors, did covenant and agree, to and with the faid dukes of Devonshire and Bedford, and the faid earl of Lincoln refpeftivcly, and their refpeftive heirs and afljgns, that it Jbould and might be lawful to and for the faid duke of Devonfliire, and earl of Lincoln, their agents or fervants, duly authorized, during the minority of the faid duke of Bedford, and after the faid duke tf/'Bedford (hould have attained his age of twenty one years, and Jbould have confirmed that agreement,for the faid duke ^Bedford and earl ^Lincoln, their refpeftive heirs and ajfigns, their agents or fervants, duly authorized, without the interruption or denial of the faid governor bailiff's, and commonalty, or their fucceffors, to ajk for and demand, have, receive, and take, of and from the receiver general for the time being of thefaid corporation yearly, and every year, as thefame Jbould become due, and be paid to the faid receiver general, fo much and fuck part of the faid taxes, to be annually laid on the faid ninety five thou*-fond acres, as Jbould be the Jbare and proportion, of the lands within the faid North Level liable thereto, together with all other the rents qnd revenues whyfoever of the faid governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, in the faid North Level, including the Jbare and proportion of the taxes laid upon the lands within the faid North Level for that Prefent year, and the faid rents and revenues due and payable for the fame time: and it was thereby declared and agreed. That the yearly fan of one hundred pounds, payable by the heirs or ajfigns of Sir Varies Orhy decetyed, to the faid governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, and their fucceffors, Jbould be ejleemed and taken as part of thjpid revenue arifing within the faid North Level j and the find governor, baffiffs, and commonalty, did thereby authorize, impower, U&d r/WM tkefaidmeiver general for the time being, to pay yearly neediWf^m^ as thfm Jbould become dueemd bepaid to him, all ibp revenues of the faid Northlevel, unto the faid ttemfh\&*pd	andwtof Lincoln refpeftivety

>	their



208

Anno vicesimo fcptimo Georon IL c. 19;	[1754:

their rejpeftive heirs and ajfignsy or their feruants or agent s9 without any further or other warrant to he had from the faid governor, bai-lifts, and commonalty for that purpofe: provided, That the faid receiver general for the time being, Jhould retain and keep fo much of the faidtaxeSy rents, and revenues of the Jaid North Level, as Jhould be fufficient to fatisfy and difcharge the% yearly interejl of the principal Jim of two thousand pounds, tbentofore taken up upon the common Jeal of the faid corporation for the Jervice of the faid level, until the principal fum of two thousand pounds Jhould be paid off and difcbarged: and it was thereby declared and agreed, That the faid taxes, rents, and revenues) fo to be paid to the faid dukes ^ Devon (hire and Bedford, and earl ^/Lincoln refpeftively, their heirs or affignSyJhould be retained, employed, applied, and difpofed of in the firjl place, for repairing and maintaining all the works of the fold North Level, and making and fupporting fuch other works as Jhould doe heceffary or conducing to the effeftual draining and prefervation of the fame levels and then for paying and fatisfying to the faid dukes of Devon(hire and Bedford, and earl of Lincoln, their refpeftive executors, admini-JlratorSy and ajfignsy according to their refpeftive proportions and JhareSy interejl after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, for the faid fevera I fums of three thousand four hundred poundsy and fix thousand fix hundred pounds; ana then to take9 retain, and keep the furplus money for and towards paying off and finking the faidfums of three thousand four hundred pounds, and fix tboujand Jix hundred poundsy in fuch proportions9 and by fuch paymentSy as Jhould be rea -finable and convenient, until the fame Jhould be fully paid off and fa-tisfied: and whereas the faid duke ^Bedford, or the (aidduke of Devonfhire as his guardian\ and the faid earl g/* Lincoln, laid out and expended the faid fum offix thoufandfix'hundred pounds in pur-fuance of the faid agreement, in the works therein mentionedy and by virtue ofy and under the faid agreement, the faid duke of Bedford and ear! of Lincoln, and their reprefentatives have ever Jince continued in the receipt of the taxes, rentSy and revenues of the faid North Level 5 but have been obliged to apply the greatefl part thereof for and towards the several works for draining and preferving the faid North Level $ fo that at Lady-day one thousand Jeven hundred and fifty threey the sum of eighteen thousand nine hundred and thirteen pounds eleven Jhillings and nine pencey was due for principal and inter eft of the faid several fums of three thousand four hundred pounds , and fix thousand fix hundred pounds; five fixtn parts whereof is due and owing to the mofi noble John now duke ^Bedford, as executor of the laft will of the faid Wriothefley late duke ^Bedford; and the remaining fixtb part thereof is due and owing to the right honourable Henry earl ^Lincoln, as adminifirator of the faid Henry late earl <f Lincoln: and whereas the sum of two thousand eight hundred and fifty poundiy part of the debt owing by the faid corporation at Lady-day one thousand feven hundred and twenty eight, was due and owing to the faid Wriothefley late duke of Bedford, who afterwardsy in and by his laft will and teftamenty forgave and dif-charged the fame which reduced the debt contrafted by the faid corporation 9 before the faid year one thousand feven hundred and twenty-eighty to four teen thousand three hundred pounds; and whereas ever

fence



209

1754*3 Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii II. G. 19.

fince the making dnd executing the faid recited agreement, the /aid dukes of Bedford and earls ^Lincoln have fupported and maintained the works, banksy and drains of the faid North Level, and the faid corporation have not been at any charge or expence in or about the fame, but the faid corporation have since the faid year one thousand feven hundred and twenty eighty borrowed several large fums of money on bondsy under their common fealy to the amount in the whole of fifteen thousand nine hundred and forty pounds; all which has been by them laid out and expended in and about the faid Middle and South Levels, and for fupporting and preferving the banks, drains9 and works thereof y fo that the faid corporation is now indebted in the several funis of money foUowingy that is to fayy In the faid fum of fourteen thousand three hundred poundsy contracted before the faid yeat one thousand feven hundred and twenty eighty for or on account of the whole of the faid Great Level; the faid fum of eighteen thousand nine hundred and thirteen pounds eleven /hillings and nine pence, contracted since the faid year one thoufandfeven hundred and twenty eighty for or on account of and particularly charged upon the faid North Level; and the faid fum of fifteen thousand nine hundred and forty poundsy contractedfince the faid year one thousand feven hundred ana twenty eighty for or m account of the faid Middle and South Levels, amounting together to forty nine thousand one hundred and fifty three pounds eleven /hillings and nine pence: and whereas it has been found by experience that the taxes, revenueSy and rents arifing and payable to the faid corporation out of the faid North Level are not near Jujficient to pay off and difeharge the faid debt particularly charged thereon y and to defray the charges and expences of maintainingy fupportingy and keeping in repair the several works for draining thereof \ and noPwitb/landing the greateft part of the revenues of the faid North Level have ever since the faid year one thousand feven hundred and twenty eighty been laid out in and about the famey the several banisy riverSy fewerSy and works of the fame levely are become fa greatly decayed and ruinous, that great part of the lands in the fame level have lately been very frequently flooded, and unlefs fome immediate remedy be appliedy will become entirely drowned and of little or na value: and whereas the lands called Portfand otherwife Great Port-fand, parcel of the demefites belonging to and lying within the manor 4/Xrowland in South Holland, in the county of Lincoln, herein after particularly bounded and dejeribedy are fubjeCt alfo to be frequently floodedy and cannot be effectually drained and preferved, without a large expence: and whereas the faid lands called Portfand other-wife Great Portfand, adjoin to the Jaid North Level, on the north part thereofy and lie convenient to be drained therewith, and it will be for the mutual benefit and advantge of the proprietors or owners thereofy and of the proprietors or owners of the lands within the faid North Level, to join in one common drainage, and in order theretor the proprietors or owners of the faid manor ^Crowland, and lands called Portfand, otherwife Great Portfand, and the proprietors or owners of the greateft part of the landsy within the /aid North Level, art willing and defer ous that a Jujficient fum of money for the effectual draining of all the faid landsy/hall be raifed by a tax upon all the faid landsy to be orderedy govtrnedy •and difpofed ofy in fuch manner a} Vol. XXL	P	herein





Anno vicesimo feptimo GeoRGH II. c. ig:	[1754.

herein afar is mentioned; provided that the faid North Level be dif-charged from the debts of the faid corporation 5 and that all the taxes, rents, and revenues, iJuhich Jhall hereafter arife and become payable to the faid corporation, out of the faid North Level, be applied under the direction of the faid corporation, for the benefit of the faid North Level only, in fucb manner as herein after is mentioned: and whereas the taxes, rents, and revenues, arifing and payable to the faid corporation, out of the faid North Level, are about one eighth part of the taxes, rents, and revenues arifing and payable to the faid corporation, out of the whole of the faid great level of the fens, and therefore the faid North Level is fubjeft and liable to raise and pay one eighth part of the faid debt of fourteen thousand three hundred pounds, which was contracted by the faid corporation, before the faid year one thou-fand feven hundred and twenty eight, on account of the whole of the faid great level of the fens, and in order to raise money to pay off and difcharge the fame, it has been propofed that fo much of the taxes charged on the corporation lands within the faid North Level, by virtue of, or under the faid recited aft of the fifteenth of King Charles the Second, Jhall be fold in fuch manner as herein after is mentioned, as Jhall raise a fujficient fum of money for that purpofe : and whereas the faid John duke of Bedford, and Henry earl of Lincoln, being defirous to promote fo good and benejicial an undertaking, have confent-ed and are willing to exonerate and difcharge the faid corporation, of and from the faid debt of eighteen thousand nine hundred and thirteen pounds eleven Jbillings and nine pence, and to yield up and furrender all the taxes, rents, and revenues of the faid North Level, which they are intitled to receive, by virtue of and under the faid recited agreement, and to releafe and difcharge all their right, title, and in-terejl in and to the fame, on condition that the taxes, rents, and re-venues of the faid Middle and South Levels, be for the future only chargeable with the refidue of the faid debt of fourteen thousand three hundred pounds, contracted before the faid year one thousand feven hundred and twenty eighty and with the faid debt of fifteen thousand nine hundred andforty pounds contrafted on account of the faid Middle and South Levels, since the faid year one thousand feven hundred and twenty eight; and that the faid North Level, and the taxes, rents, and revenues thereof, be fully and abfolutely difeharged of and from all the debts of the Jaid corporation, and every part thereof: and whereas at a court of the faid governor, bailiffs, and commonalty of the company of confervators of the great level of the fens, held at the fen-office, on Saturday the twenty fourth day ^February one thousand feven hundred and fifty three, a plan according to the fold propofals, and for effefting and carrying the faid undertaking into ex-ecution, in fuch manner as herein after is mentioned, was laid before the faid court, and the faid court thereupon came to the following re~ folutions, videlicet; that it appearing to the board that the debt due from this corporation, in the year one thousand feven hundred and twenty eight, was fourteen thousand three hundred pounds; and that the taxes upon all the three levels, at a tax and a quarter, amount to fix thousand three hundred and fourteen pounds three /hillings and eleven pence halfpenny, of which the tax arifing from the North Level is feven hundred and feventy feven pounds three/hillings and



1754*1 Anno vicesimo feptimo GeoRGH II. c. xgl	2ir

four pence halfpenny, being about one eighth party it is the opinion of this board that if his grace the duke of Bedford and lord Lincoln remit the debt of about nineteen thousand pounds, which is due to them wider the agreements made with them by this corporation, in one thou-fond feven hundred and twenty eighty for draining the North Level, and the proprietors of the North Level will pay one thousand eight hundred pounds, as their proportion of the faid debt of fourteen thou-fand three hundred pounds, it will be for the inter eft of the other two lev els y for this corporation to conjent that the lands of the North Level be exonerated from the payment of the remainder of the faid debty and the fubfequent debts of the corporation, by the aft of parliament intended to be applied /ir, for the better draining of that level: and the remaining part of the faid plan being ready the board refolvedy That the fame did not in any wife appear to be prejudicial to either of the levels belonging to the faid corporationy and therefore they did approve thereof: and whereas the faid corporationy and the creditors of the faid corporation, and the proprietors of thegreateft part of the tax-able lands within the faid Middle and South Levels, having feen and conftdered the faid propofahy approve thereof \ and are willing and confenting that the fame Jhould be carried into execution: and whereas the ejfeftual draining and preferving the faid North Level, and the faid lands within the manor of Crowland, which contain together about forty eight thousand acres, would be of great benefit and ad* vantage to the fevefal proprietors thereof \ and of fervice to the pub-lick in general; and if the propofals and agreements before-mentioned are carried into execution it is apprehended and believed that the fame may be effeftually drained and preferved; but in regard the lame cannot be effected, or the money neceflary for that purpoferaif-ed, without the aid and authority of parliament; be it therefore enacted, &c.

The corporation of confervators of Bedford Level, di(charged from the debt of 18,913!. 11s. 9d. .due to John duke of Bedford and Henry earl of Lincoln ; and the indenture of 29 May 1728, declared void. The executors of Sir Charles Orby, and Thomas Orby Hunter, difeharged from payment of the annual fum of 1001. to the company, and from all covenants in the articles of 10 July 1697. Proprietors of taxable lands within the North Level, may purchale off fo much of the taxes chargeable thereon, by the adfs 15 & 20 Car 2. as will raise the sum of i,8ool. and enter fubferiptions for the fame, before 24. June 1754^ Payment thereof to be made by 29 September 1754; and to be applied in dilcharging the debts company to execute rekales of the taxes to the purebafers. The taxes chargeable by atts 15 & 20 Car. 2. to be continued on the refidue of the lands, and to be applied in the works of the level herein mentioned.

The lands of the North Level difeharged from the refidue of the debt of 14,3001. and from the debt of 15,9401. and all other debts now owing.

The North Level not liable to debts, on account of the Middle and South Levels; nor they to be fubjeft to debts on account of the North Level.

Members for lands in the North Level, not to vote concerning borrowing money for the Middle and South Levels. The lands to be drained, to be divided into diftri&s. Commiflioners appointed for the several diftri&s.

Commiflioners to have an yearly general meeting, to make a rate for draining on all lands not heiein excepted : for the firft four years at 1 s. per acre, after not to exceed 6d. per acre, in any year, to be paid half yearly. The dam to be made in the Old Wryde drain, not to be afterwards removed, &c. The Counter Drain from the Severals, to becleanf-



 

Anno vicesimo fcptimo Georgii II. e. 19.	[1754.

cd at the proprietors charge. If Dunton Hall Bridge be taken down, cF altered, the commiflioners to build another. Befides the rate for genera' works of draining, the commifiioners of the fourth diflridt may make another rate, not exceeding » s. per acre for the firft two years, and i s. per acre after. The commifiioners of the firft and second diflrifri may alfo make a like rate, not exceeding i s. per acre. Differences concerning damages to be fettled by the quarter leflions. The duke of Bedford to deanfe and fupport the drains and other works in the third diftridt. Thomas Orby Hunter to cleanfe and fuoport the drains and other works in the fifth diflridt. Beverley Butler may eredfc a mill for draining the waters from the ground belonging to him. Tenants to pay the rates, and fuch as are at rack rent may dedu£ the fame. If the lands fiiall be untenanted, and no dittrels can be had, the lands to remain as a fecurity for the rates. 14,0001. may be raifed by annuities, to anfwer the immediate expences of draining. Annuities for 30 years not to exceed 6 1. and for a tingle life 7 U per cent. to be charged on the rates, commifiioners may borrow money at 51. per cent. When the annuities fiiall be determined the rates may be reduced. CoUe&ors or treafurers refuting to account or pay over the monies in their hands, to be committed.

Perfons con-v idled of mali-cioufiy defraying or damaging any of the works, to fuffer death i

and convidted of flopping up, &c. any river or drain,

to forfeit tool

XLIX. And for the preventing and damming up, (taping, throwing down, burning, detnoliming, defraying or damaging, any of the rivers, drains, watercourfes, banks, mills, engines, flood-gates, (luices, doors, dams, bridges, or other works already made or eredted for or towards draining the lands and grounds contained within the faid several diftridts and divifions, or any of them, or hereafter to be made, eredted, fupported, or maintained, for the purposes aforefaid, by virtue of, or under the powers and authorities of this adt; it is hereby enadled by the authority aforefaid. That if any person or persons shall at anytime hereafter malicioufly cut, break down, bum, demolifh, or deftroy, any bank, mill, engine, flood-gate, or fluice, already made or eredted, or which shall at any time hereafter be making or eredting, or made or eredted, fupported or maintained, for anfwering the purposes aforefaid, every person or persons fo offending, being thereof convidted, shall be guilty of felony, and shall fuffer death as felons, without benefit of clergy : and if any person or persons shall at any time hereafter ma-Ficioufly (top, dam up, demolifh, damage, or deftroy, any river, drain, watercourfe, door, dam, bridge, or other work or works already made or eredted, or which shall at any time hereafter be making or eredting or made or eredted, fupported or maintained, for anfwering the purposes aforefaid, every person or persons fo offending, being thereof convidted before any two or more juftices of the peace for the counties and ille aforefaid, or either of them, who are hereby required to hear and determine the fame, on the oath of two or more credible witneffes, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds to the faid commiflion-ers, their fucceffors, heirs, or afligns, to be applied for the re« fpedtive purposes to which the faid rates and taxes are hereby, diredted to be refpedtively applied ; and in default of payment thereof, the person or persons fo offending shall be fent to the houfe of correction of tbe county or ille, where fuch offenee shall be committed, there to be kept to hard labour for fuch

time

 

*754*] Anno viccfimo feptimo Georgii II. c.20.	213

time as fuch juftices shall order and diredt, not exceeding fix months.

Commiflioners to maintain the banks of Shire Drain, and the fluices at Clows Crofs. In cafe the banks of Shire Drain shall be broken or overflown, the floodgates at Clows Crofs to be (hut down. Commiflioners not to exercife any other power over Shire Drain, or Old South Eau river, than the confervators nave a right to ufe. Confervators not to exercife any power over the commiflioners, or the works, other* than over the works put under their particular care. New commiflioners to be elected in the room of fuch as (nail die or be difqualifled. Rights of lords of manors referved, and of the confervators and others*

CAP. XX.

An act for the more eafy and effeftual proceeding upon dif trejfes to* be made by warrants of juftices of the peace.

.TX7HEREAS by many afts of parliament, juftices of the peace V V are impowered to ijjiie warrants for the diftrefs and fale of goods and chatties, but the charges of diftraining, keeping, ana fale of fuch goods and chatties are not provided for in all the Jaid afts, nor is there a time in all cafes limited for the fale thereof whereby inconveniences have arijen: therefore for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That in all cafes where any justice or juftices of fuflices to lithe peace, is or are, or shall be, required or impowered by any mit in their 2& or adis of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, wanrantsofdi-to iffiie a warrant of diftrefs for the levying of any penalty hi-^ fa’le of tlit flidled, or any fum of money directed to be paid, by or in con- diftrefs, fequence of fuch adt or adis, it shall and may be lawful for the justice or juftices granting fuch warrant, thereinto order and direct the goods and chatties fo to be diftrained, to be fold and difpofed o£ within a certain time to be limited in fuch warrant, fo as fuch time be not lefs than four days, nor more than eight not lefs than days, unlefs the penalty or fum of money for which fuch diftrefs 4* nor more shall be made, together with the reafonable charges of takingthan 8 **yu and keeping fuch diftrefs, be fooner paid.

II.	And be it further enacted, That the officer making fuch officer to de-diftrefs, shall and is hereby impowered to deduct the reafonable duft the char-charges of taking, keeping, and felling fuch diftrefs, out of the?®*

money arifing by fuch fale; and the overplus (if any) after fuch }|J®, charges, and alio the faid penalty or fum of money (hal! be fully overplus to fatisfied and paid, shall be returned on demand to the owner of be returned, the goods and chatties fo diftrained; and the officer executing fuch warrant, if required, shall (hew the fame to the person whofe goods and chatties are diftrained, and shall fuffer a copy thereof to be taken.

III.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall Provifions re-extend or be conftrued to extend, to alter or repeal any of the lat'mg to provifions or directions relating to diftrefles to be made for the tythes in 7 k payment of tythes and church rates, by the people called 3t/a- * w,Ml S*

P3	TW-i,

 

Anno vicejimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 21,--28. [1754.

kers, contained in an a<ft pafled in the feventh and eighth years of his late majefty King William the Third, intituled. An aft that the folemn affirmation and declaration of the people called Quakers /hall he accepted injlead of an oathy in the ufual form; or in ^"noPaltcred.one ot^er a<^ pafed in the firft year of his late majefty King *	#	George	the	Firft, intituled, An ah for making perpetual an aft of

the feventh and eighth years of the reign of his late majefy King William the Third, intituled, An a<ft that the folemn affirmation and declaration of the people called Quakers shall be accepted inftead of an oath in the ufiial form ; and for explaining and enforcing the faid aft in relation to the payment of tythes and church rates; and for appointing the form of an affirmation to be taken by the faid people called Quakers injlead of the oath of abjuration.

CAP. XXL

An act to continue and render more effeftual an aft pafTed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road between HockclifFe in the county of Bedford, and Stoney Stratford in the county of Buckingham.

CAP. XXII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft of parliament parted in the eleventh year of the reign of his prelent Majesty, for repairing the road leading from the Trent Bridge, in the county of tbc town ot Nottingham, through Coftock, otherwise Cortlingftock Lane, to the bridges commonly known by the name of Cotes Bridges, in the county of Leicclter ; and for making the faid aft more efFeftual.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the city of Peterborough, through Oundle and Tnrapfton, to Wellingborough in the county of Northampton.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Union Point, near the town of Uckfield in the county of Suftex, to Langney Bridge, in the parish of Weft ham in the faid county.

CAP. XXV.

An act for the better enlightening and cleanfing the open places, fguares, ftreets, lanes, alleys, paffages, and courts, within the parilh ot Saint Luke in the county ot Middlesex; and regulating the nightly watci* and bedels: and for repairing the highways within the faid parilh.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft made in the ninth year ot his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, Ad aft for repairing and widening the road leading from Saint Dunftan's Crofs, near the city of Canterbury, to the water-fide at Wbitfiable in the county of Kent.

CAP. XXVII.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effeftual an aft palled in the' twenty fixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act for repairing several roads leading into the city of Glajgow.

' CAP. XXVIII,

An act for explaining, amending, and rendering more efFeftua), an aft made in the twenty fifth year of his present Majefty's reign^ For repairing and widening the road leading from Market Harborough in the county of Let-after, through Desborough^ Rowell, Ketterings Barton Sengrave, and Tbrap-

fion.





415

1754.] Anno vicesimo feptimo Georgii II. c. 29,-36.

Jhn, in tbo county of Northampton 5 and through Bytbornt, Spahhwick, and EUington, to Oho Pound in the parifli of Brampton, in the county of Huntingdon.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed In the twenty-firft year of the reign of hb prelent Majesty, for repairing the high road from Piercebridge to Kirkmerrington, in the county of Dur-

. ham, and from thence to the turnpike road at Tudhoe Lane End in the laid county, and for making the fame more effeftual,

CAP. XXX.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the borough of Leice-fter, to and by the north fide of the town of Uppingham in the county of Rutland ; and to Wapsford in the county of Northampton, and from thence to Peterborough in the faid county of Northampton.

CAP. XXXI. -

An act for repairing and widening the road leading from the toll-gate in the parish of Kettering, through the town of Wellingborough, in the county of Northampton $ and through Olney over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport Pagnell, in the county ot Bucks, and for repairing and wi-

* dening, or rebuilding the faid Sherrington Bridge.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from a certain intrenchment on Askerfwell-hiTl, oppofite to Chilcombe Farm, through the town of Bridport to Penn Inn; and from Bridport aforefaid to the town of Bea-mifter, in the county of Dorfet; and alio the road from Penn Inn aforefaid, through the town of Axminfter, to the workhoufe at the eaft end of the town of Honiton in the county of Devon.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for repairing and widening the high road from Weftwood gate, in the parifli of Knotting, in the county of Bedford, through the towns of Rulhden and Hjgham Ferrers, and over Artleborough Bridge, to the

* turnpike road in Barton Seagrave-Lane, in the parifli of Barton-Sea* grave, in the county of Northampton.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for repairing and widening the high road from a place called Saint Ltfydes, in the town of Bedford, through the pariflies of Brom-ham, Stagfden, Aft wood, Hardmead, and Chichley, to the way poft in Sherrington Field, where the faid road joins the high road from the town of Olney to the town of Newport Pagnell; and alfo the high road from Bromhara aforefaid, through the parilhes of Turvey and Cole-brayfield, to the town of Launden, otherwife Lavenden, in the counties of Bedford and Buckingham; and for applying part of the money arifing thereby towards repairing, rebuilding, or widening, Sherring? ton-Bridge, in the road from tne faid way poft, to the laid town of Newport Pagnell.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one fixth part of a penny fteriing, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer brewed for fale, vended or fold within the town and barony of Alloa, in the county of Clackmannan ; and alfo a duty of anchorage for fliips and vefTels anchoring in the harbour of the faid town, for repairing the pier of the faid harbour.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from the borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the county of Warwick, through Alceiter in the laid county, .and Fpcklnhap, to a place called Bradley Brook, in the

f+	county

  •

216

Anno vicesimo fcptimoGeorg I I'll. c.37,—42. [1754.*

county of Worccfter; and from Alcefter through Great Coughton and Crabs Crofs, in the faid county of Warwick; and through He well Lane and Burcot, to the Crpfs of Hands on a common called the Leekhay j and out of Hewell Lane through Church Lane and Tutnell to Bromf-grove, in the faid county of Worcefter.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft made in the eighth year of the reign of hisprefent Majesty, for repairing and widen* ing the road from the town or Rochdale in the countv palatine of Lan* caller, leading over a certain craggy moi\ntam called Blackftone Edge in the fame county $ and from thence to the towns of Halifax and Ea-land in the county of York.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor in the parish of Saint Nicholas Deptford in the county of Kent, and in the pariJh of Sjdnt Paul Deptford in the counties of Kent and Surrey ; and for re* pairing the highways, apd paving and cleanfing the ftreets, in the (aid pariJhes.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the north end of Bridg-ford Lane in the county of Nottingham* to and through several towns and places in the counties of Nottingham, Leicefter, Rutland, and through Rockingham, to the Bowling Green at Kettering in the county of Northampton.

CAP. XL.%

An act for opening, making, widening, and keeping in repair a road from RadclifF Highway, through Cannons Street in the county of Middlesex, into the road leading into the county of Eflex 5 and alio from the weft end of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shad well Street into the back lape in the faid county of Middlesex.

CAP. XLI.

An act for amending and widening several roads, leading from the borough of Truro in the county of Cornwall.

CAP. XLII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Leicefter toHarborough, and from Leicefter to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon, and from Coventry to Martyn’s Gutter, leading towards Stoneleigh Town 5 and for fupplying an omiflion in an aft pafted in the laft fellion of parliament for repairing the road from Lei* teller to Afliby de la Zouch in the county or Leicefter.

Anno



Anno regni GEORGII II. Regis Magna Britannia, Francice, &* Hibernia, vicesimo o&avo.

AT the parliament begun and bolden at Weflminfter, the tbirty-firft day of May Anno Domini one thou-/and /even hundred and fifty-four, in the twenty-feventb year oj the reign of our fovereign lord George the Second, by the grace of God of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King* defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by federal prorogations to the fourteenth day of November fol-lowing^ being the second fejfion of this present parliament.

CAP. I.

An a£t for the relief of the out-penfioners of the royal bofpi-tal at Cheliea.

WHEREAS the out-penfioners of the royal hofpital at Chel-fea^ for the relief of maimed and worn out foldiers, are by the present method of payment of the out-penfion (namely, the payment of a year's penfion only, after the fame is become due) expofed to fun-dry and great hardjbips and difirejfes, and the faid out-penfioners on their admijjion to the penfion^ neceffitated to tale up money for present fubftfience on credit, of persons called Money Lenders, on terms many times oppreffive and ufurious, to the extreme detriment of thefe meritorious objects of the royal bounty, and generous provifion of parliament, and to the unwarrantable emoluments of persons who make advantage of their neceffities: for the prevention of all which abufes ?nd mifchiefs; be it cnadied by the King’s moft excellent ma-jeftyy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal and commons in this present parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That all aflignments, bargains, fales, contra&s, orders, agreements, or fecurities what- Aflignment* foever, made by any out-penfioner, for, upon, or in refpedl of ^nfionsbc’ any fum or fum$ of money to become due, for or on account of jbre'due, dea the out-penfion of the royal hofpital at Chelfeay to fuch out-pen- dared void, fioners who shall be admitted thereunto, from and after the twenty fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred and fifty four, shall be abfolutely null and void to all intents and purpofes.

II. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That A(jvanrt m(K, every out-penfioner who (hall, after the faid twenty fifth day of ncy to December one thousand feven hundred and fifty four, be admit- to persons at ted on the penfion lift, (hall, on fuch his admifiion, receive in their ad miffioo advance, fuch proportion of the penfion, as shall be equal to the jjjthe PcaAo* remaining number of days of the current half year which shall then remain unexpired: and from and tfter the end of the faid

half-



t18	Anno vicesimo o&avo Georgii II. c i.	[i75^

Pcnfion to be half-year, shall on his perfonal appearance, or affidavit that fuch af-aiha!irS out-penfioner was living during the whole or part of the half-yearly In ad- preceding, and reciting the place of his abode (fuch affi-iance. davit to be made before a jufticc of the peace of any county, riding, divifion, city, town, liberty or place in Great Britain or Ireland, where fuch out-penfioner shall refide, for the taking of which affidavit no fee or reward shall be paid) continue to receive in advance the faid penfion by half-yearly payments.

Pen (ions of	HI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That

thofc admit- all out-pen(ioners who are already admitted on the faid out-ted before 15 penfion, or shall be admitted thereto before the faid twenty-beCpaidac-t0	day 0$ December one thousand feven hundred and fifty-four,

cording to the shall continue to receive their penfions according to the rules former regu- and regulations already eftablifhed, until the twenty fifth day of htions till 25 December one thousand feven hundred and fifty five, and that and from* fr°m thenceforth they likewife shall receive their penfions in ad-thenceforth vance, in the fame manner as is above directed in refpe& of to be paid in fuch out-penfioners as shall be admitted on the ou(-penfion after advance. • the twentv fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred Alignments and fifty four, and all alignments, bargains, Tales, orders, con-of penfion, be- tra&s, agreements, or fecurities whatfoever, which shall be given fore due, are or made by any fuch out-penfioner, for, upon, or in refpedt of *	any ftim or Turns of money to become due on any of the faid

advanced half yearly payments, shall be abfolutely null and void to all intents and purpofes.

Agent for out- IV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Tfiat penfion to re- it shall and may be lawful for fuch agent as (Hall be appointed 5*ive the fame*by his Majesty, his heirs, and fucce(jbrs, for the payment of the from foe trea 0ut~PCItf1011 *n the manner herein directed, and the faid agent furer, and^o' f° appointed is hereby authorized and directed to receive in ad-pay or remit vance from the treasurer of Chelfea Hofpital for the time being, the fame to the fuch monies as shall be necessary to difeharge the fame, and to penfioners,&c. pay or the faid penfion to the out-penfioners as aforefaid $ which faid agent is hereby impowered and directed to give a receipt or acquittance for the faid monies to the (aid treasurer ; which receipt or acquittance shall be a full and final difeharge to the faid treasurer for fuch fum or fums fo paid by him to the faid agent; and the auditors of the imprefts are hereby authorized and required to pafs and allow all fucH acquittances in the accounts of Treafury to the faid treasurer of Chelfea Hofpital; and the lord high treafu-iflue money in rer, or commissioners or the treasury for the time being, or any advance for three or more of them, are lidreby authorized and required to <jhC	*n	ac^vance	t0 the treasurer of Chelfea Hofpital fuch fum or

warrantPof the fums °f money> 38 fr°m time to time shall be necessary for the commiflion- payment of the faid out-penfion, upon fuch warrant, eftablifti-crs.	ment or orders, as shall be figned by the commissioners of

Chelfea Hofpital, or any three or more of them.

State and lifts V. And be it further enafled by the authority aforefaid, That °enfionsUtobe ^ comm*^oners °f Chelfea Hofpital, or any three of them, are made°up half- hereby authorized and dire&ed to make up or caufe to be made yearly. up the laft da)' or days of every half year, an exadt ftatc or lift

 

219

of the number of out-penfioners borne on the out-penfion, and who have either perfonally appeared, or have been certified by proper affidavits as aforefaid to be living during the whole or part of the faid half year then expiring.

VI.	And it is hereby enacted, That the faid commissioners Commiflion-of Chelfea Hofpital, or any three of them, shall on fuch lifts or *rs on the lifts {fates lo exhibited to them, make out or caufe to be made out, before

a warrant to the treasurer of Chelfea Hofpital for the time being, outa’ warrant and shall fign the fame, authorizing and directing the faid trea- forthe money, furer to iflue and pay in advance unto the hands of an agent appointed as aforefaid, fuch fum or fums as may and shall be requifite and neceflary for the payment of the out-penfion as aforefaid.

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Treafurer to That the faid treasurer of Chelfea Hofpital shall and may with- deduft i s. in hold and deduct one (hilling in the pound from and out of all ^^Hedas* monies which shall from and after the faid twenty fifth day ofhisA^jcfty** December one thousand feven hundred and fifty five, be applica- shall direct, ble to the payment of the faid out-penfion, as well as from and.

out of all monies which shall be directed to be iffued in advance to the out-penfioners of Chelfea Hofpital, from and after the faid twenty fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred and fifty four; which monies fo deducted shall be applied in the manner which his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors shall by warrant Penfion to be under his royal fign manual, direct; and that after the deduc- paid without tion of the faid fum of one (hilling in the pound, the faid pen- °.ther deduc? lions shall be paid to the persons intitled thereto without any tion* other deduction, fee, ftoppage or charge whatever: and if the Agent taking laid agent to be appointed for the payment of the faid penfions, fees for paying or any other agent or clerk employed in paying the fame, shall b^calhier’d0 exact or take any fee or reward whatfoever, for or on account and forfeit* of paying the faid penfion, or on any other account whatfoever xool. relative to the faid out-penfion, fuch person or persons fo offending shall ipfo fa£lo lofe and forfeit their faid office or employment, and shall over and above forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds to any person or persons who shall fue for the fame, by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts of record, within twelve calendar mctaths after the offence committed; in which faid fuit no efloin, protection or wager of law shall be allowed, nor more than one imparlance, and be deemed incapable of ferving his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, in any office or employment civil or military whatfoever.

CAP. II.

An a ft for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the fervice of the year one thousand (even hundred and fifty five. EXP,

CAP.



Anno vicesimo o&avo Georgii II. c. 3.	[1755.

ipo

CAP. III.

An act to indemnify members of cities, corporations,	£0-

towns, who have neglefted to take the oaths of office, and to ft amp their admijftons -, and for allowing them further time for thofe purpofes.

WHEREAS divers persons members of cities, corporations, and borough towns, within that part of Great Britain called England, upon their being admitted officers or members of fuch'cities, corporations or borough towns, have through ignorance of law, and of their particular charters or confti tut ions, omitted to take their oath of office, or have not taken fuch oaths before a competent number of persons, or before persons duly qualified, or in fuch manner as is preferibed by their refpeftive charters and conftitutions; or if fuch oaths have been taken, yet a proper entry thereof, or of the members then prefent, hath not been made in the proper books kept for that purpofe; neverthelefs fuch persons have continued to aft as members of fuch cities, corporations, and borough towns, whereby great dif-putes may arife concerning the fame, and the validity of the afts of * fuch person or persons during the time he or they was or were fo dif-qualified, or not capable of proving his or their qualifications, by rea-fon of fuch negleft as aforefaid : for preventing whereof, and of all damage and inconvenience that may arife therefrom; be it en-adted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all and every fuch member or members, 01-ficer or officers of any city, corporation or borough town, within that part of Great Britain called England and IVales, who (hall, on or before the twenty ninth day of September one thousand fe-ven hundred and fifty five, take the several oaths by law, cuf-tom, or otherwife required or ufed to be taken in every fuch city, corporation or borough town refpedlively, for the offices yrhich they now refpedtively hold, enjoy and execute, before fuch a competent number of persons as are required by their re-fpedtive charters, and conftitutions; or if after a legal fummons fuch competent number shall not appear, then before fuch or fo many of the members of fuch refpective cities, corporations or borough towns, as shall thii\k fit to be prefent, is and are, and shall be hereby confirmed and qualified to act as member or members, officer or officers of fiich cities, corporations and borough towns refpeftively, to all intents and purpofes, and shall and may hold, enjoy and execute the fame, or any other office or offices into which he or they have or hath been elected, notwithstanding his or their omiffion as aforefaid, or the otnif-fions of any of their predeceflbrs, in the fa id cities, corporations or borough towns, and shall be indemnified, freed and difr charged of and from all incapacities, difabilities, forfeitures, penalties and damages, by rc^fon of any fuch omiffion, and none



221

1755-3 Anno vicefuno o&avo Georgii II. c. 4,5,6.

of his or their adts shall be queftioned or avoided for or by rea-fon of any of the omiflions aforefaid.

II.	And whereas admiffions of Jeveral members and officers into cities^ corporations, and borough towns, which by several afls of parliament are dire fled and required to be ftamped, may not have been provided, or the fame not duly Jlampedy oY may have been toft or miflaid\ be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, ThatT;rae allowed for the relief of fuch persons whofe admiflions may not have for providing been provided, or not duly (lamped as aforefaid, or where the admiflions to fame have been loft or miflaid, it shall and may be lawful to and ^uSificd

for fuch persons on or before the faid twenty ninth day of Sep- q	*

timber one thousand feven hundred and fifty five, to provide, or caufe to be provided, admiflions duly ftamped; and fuch persons fo providing admiflions duly ftamped as aforefaid, are, and shall be hereby confirmed and qualified to aft as member or members, officer or officers of fuch cities, corporations, and borough towns refpedtively, to all intents and purpofes, and shall and may hold, enjoy, and execute the fame, or any other office or offices into which he or they have or hath been elected, notwith-ftanding his or their omiflion, or the omiflion of any of their predeceflors, in fuch cities, corporations, or borough towns as aforefaid, and shall be indemnified, freed, and difcharged, of and from all incapacities, difabilities, forfeitures, penalties and damages, by reafon of any fuch omiflion, and none of his or their adts shall be queftioned or avoided for or by reafon of the fame.

III.	Provided always. That this adl, or any thing herein con- Limitations of tained, shall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to reftore

or intitle any person or persons to any office or employment, matter or thing whatfoever, already actually avoided by judgement of any of his Majesty’s courts of record, or alreaay filled tip or enjoyed by another person ; but that fuch office, employr roent, matter or thing, fo avoided, or filled up and enjoyed as aforefaid, shall be, and remain in and to the person or persons who is or are now intitled to the fame, as if this aft had not been made.

CAP. IV.

An act for punishing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. EXP.

CAP. V.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be railed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty five : and for the relief of the inhabitants of certain places in the county of Lincoln, in refpeft of arrears of the land tax. EXP. At as. in the pound.

CAP. VI.

An act for taking away mortuaries in the archdeaconry of Chefter, and giving a recompence therefore to the bifhop of Chefter as archdeacon of Chefter, who bolds and enjoys the faid archdeaconry in right 'of bis fee.

WHEREAS





r

aiHenryS.c.6,

Upon the firft vacancy or avoidance of the living of Waver ton, the payment of mortuaries in the archdeaconry of Chef-ter to cea/e;

Anno vicesimo o&avo GeorgII II. C. 6.	[1755.

1X7* H E RE AS in and by art at7 of parliament made and paffed * * in the one and twentieth year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, Where mortuaries ought to be paid, for what persons, and how much, and in what cafe none is due; it is among other things provided, That it Jhould he lawful to the archdeacon <?/Chefter, to take fuch mortuaries of the priejis within his jurif-diftion as thentofore had been accuftomed: and whereas the bijhops of the faid diocefe of Chefter, as archdeacons of Chefter for the time being, have accordingly ujed to demand and take, and do continue to demand and takey mortuaries upon the death of every clergyman within the jurifdiftion of the faid archdeacon of Chefter; and the faid mortuaries con fifing of fever al of the bejl goods of the deceafcdy do oftentimes amount to a very confederate part of his eflate and effeftSy and the payment thereof doth very much leffen the fmall provifion which ordinarily the clergy within the faid archdeaconry are able to make for the fupport of their familieSy and tends greatly to the impoverijhing the fame: and whereas the bijhops of Chefter as archdeacons of Chefter for the time being, are feifed of the advowfon, right of patron-agey and prefentation of in and to the reftory of the parijh church of Waverton alias Wareton, in the faid diocefe and archdeaconry of Chefter, and the right reverend Edmund now lord bijbop of Chefter, at the inftance and requejly and upon the propofal of the great-eft part of the clergy within the faid archdeaconry hath confented . that all the mortuaries or corfeprejents due and payable upon the death of clergymen within the faid archdeaconry Jhall for the future ceafe and be abolijhedy fo as that in lieu thereofy and as a compenfation for the famey the faid reftory or parfonage of Waverton alias Ware-ton, with the appurtenances thereof Jhall be annexed to the faid archdeaconry of Chefter, and held and enjoyed by the faid bijbop as archdeacon of Chefter, and his fuccejjors for ever yfubjeft nevertbelefs to fuch Jlipend and provifion for a minifter or curate of the faid parijh and parijh church of Waverton alias Wareton, and hisfuccejforsy as is herein after mentioned; and as the carrying fuch propofal and requejl into execution and effeft would contribute greatly to the fatisfaftiony encouragementy and benefit of the clergy within the faid archdeaconry : therefore for the anfwering, obtaining, and accompliftiing the good ends and purposes afore-mentioned; be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the aforefaid provifo or clause contained and inferted in the faid a<5f, and herein before fet forth or recited, and all and every clause or provifo contained and inferted in the fame afo far as the fame do refpe&ively relate to the taking of any mortuary or corfeprefent upon the death of any clergyman within the faid archdeaconry of Chefter, lhall immediately, from and after fuch time as the faid church or living of Waverton alias Waretony in the diocefe and archdeaconry of Cheftery shall become void by the death, refignation, ceffion or deprivation of John Prefcot clerk, the present incumbent, ftand, and be abfo-futely repealed, annulled and void; and all and every cuftom

or

 

1755O Anno vicesimo o£kavo GeoRgiI'IL c. 6.	223

or ufagc, customs or ufages, of and for paying, demanding or taking any mortuary or corfeprcfent, or any goods, chattels, effefts or things, for or in the name of a mortuary or corfepre-fent, upon the death of any clergyman within the faid archdeaconry of Chejier, (hall, from and after fuch firft vacancy or avoidance of the faid church or living of Waverton alias JVareton, be utterly void, and totally abolilhed for ever; and no mortuary or and no com-C9rfeprefent, or fum or fums of money for or in lieu of, or penfation to in the name thereof, or in commutation for the fame, shall be °e Pjld,?r,deJ yielded, paid, anfwcred or fatisfied, or be due or payable bv or [hereof. ^ ** from any person or persons to any bifhop of the faid diocele of Cbefter, either as diocefan or archdeacon of Chejier for the time being, or to any person or persons authorized by or claiming under him, them, or any of them $ and that from and after fuch vacancy or avoidance as aforefaid, it shall not be lawful to and for the archdeacon of Chejier or his fucceffors, farmers, bailiffs or leflees, or any of them, or any person or persons whatfoever claiming by or under fuch archdeacon or his fucceffors, to taker receive or demand, of any person or persons whatfoever, any manner of mortuary or corfeprefent, or any fum or fums of money, or other thing for or in lieu or name of, or in commutation for any mortuary or corfeprefent, or to convene, cite, fue or profecute any person or persons, before any judge fpiritual, or in any of his Majesty’s courts of law, or other court whatfoever, tor the recovery of, or for, touching or concerning any mortuary or corfeprefent, or any thing in lieu thereof, for or by reafon or on account of the death of any prieft or clergymah within the faid archdeaconry of Chejier, at any time afte7 fuch vacancy or avoidance as aforefaid ; any thing in the faid recited a61, or any law, cuftom or ufage whatfoever to the contrary notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Vp01? thc cx-That as a recompence and com penfation to the bifhop of Chejier ^Q^uaries as archdeacon of Chejier for thc time being, and his fucceffors, [he reftory of for fuch mortuaries as are mentioned or intended to be extin- Waverton to guifhed and abolifhed by this aft as aforefaid, all that the rec-1* annexed to tory or parfonage and church of Waverton alias Wareton, in the ^

diocefe and archdeaconry of Chejier, with all the lands, tene- lc er* ments, tythes, tenths, oblations, obventions, hereditaments and appurtenances thereunto belonging or appertaining, or accepted, reputed, taken or known, as part, parcel or member thereof, shall from and immediately after fuch vacancy or avoidance of the faid church or living, be vefted in the bifhop of Chejier and his fuc-ceflors, and shall from thenceforth be appropriated, annexed, and united to the fee and bifhoprick of Chejier for ever; and all and every the rights, dues, profits, benefits and advantages whatfoever, of the faid reftory, or in any wife incident, belonging or appertaining to the fame, shall from thenceforth be had, received, taken and enjoyed, by the faid bifhop of Chejier and his fucceffors for ever.

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted by the

au-



Bifhop to nominate a curate to hold the (aid living.

with a yearly falary of 6ol.

to be paid quarterly,

and recoverable as » 9Car. x. c. 3. dire&s.

Firft fruits and tenths referred to the crown.

Anno vicesimo cflarocGsoiflii U«Br6.

authority aforefaid, That upon the firft vacancy or avoidance oi the faid church or living of IVaverton alias Htareton^ which shall happen next after the palling of this a&, it lhall and may be lawful to and for the bilhop of Chtjler for the time being, and he and his fucceflors in the faid fee of Cbefter hereby authorized and required to nominate and appoint a curate or minifter, duly qualified according to law to hold a living with cure of fouls, to be curate, minifter, or incumbent of the faid parilh and pa-ri(h church of IVaverton alias lVaretony and who shall refide in the faid parilh, and officiate and perform divine fervice and offices in the faid church, according to the ul'age of the church of England as by law eftablifhed, and have anti enjoy fuch yearly ftipend as is herein after mentioned; and alio that it (hail and may be lawful for the bilhop of Chcjler. (or the time being, upon every fubfequent vacancy or avoidance of the faid curacy gr living, for ever, to nominate and appoint a person duly qualified as aforefaid, to be curate or minifter of the faid church or living.	^

IV.	And it is hereby further enacted. That one yearly Hipped or yearly fum of sixty pounds, of lawful money of Great Britain, free from all reprizes and deductions whatfoever, (hall, from and after fuch firft vacancy or avoidance of the faid church living of IVaverton alias Waretrn, and fuch nominatioii.oi'^fep-polntment of ? minifter, curate, or incumbent, to o/fipiafa therein as aforefaid, be yelled in and fettled upon fuch curate, or incumbent, and his fucceflors, minifters, pr curate^, of tfie faid parilh and parilh church of IVaverton alias Warrttin> for,ever, and lhall be from thenceforth charged upon and ilfairtjj and payable out of the laid redtory or parfonage of JVaver;loii\-W^JVareton^ hereby veftedin the faid bilhop and hisfuccdUBrS, a$ , aforefaid, and the fruits, profits, and income thereof, TJy quarterly payments on the feafts- of the annunciation .of‘Urn blefled virgin Mary, the nativity of Saint John Baptifl/'Bilik Michael the archangel, and the birth of our Lord Cm equal portions, the firit payment thereof to begin and

at pr on fuch of the feafts or days as shall firft happen affePui^ nomination or appointment of fuch miniftcf, curate or inclltAbeht, as aforefaid ; and that every fuch minifter, curate dr tntjuht-bent, for the time being, lhall have fupl\andthe likepoWeretftto remedies for recovering and receiving the faid yearly fthpaidfif fi^xty pounds, and all arrears thereof, as by an adl br p&clra'-mept m^de in the twenty ninth year of the late RingCharles the Secopd, intituled. An act for confirming and perpetuating augmentations made by ettUftajlical per fans tp fmlt vicarages and curaftes, are given to any vicar or curate for recovering the augmentations thereby veiled in, fecurcd to.or provided for him and them re-fpedlively.

V.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall prejudice or affedt the right, title or interest of his Majesty,his heirs or fucceflors, of, in or to the firft fruits and tenths now or heretofore due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccef-

fors.



225

*755'] Anno vicesimo odavo Georoii It. c. 7.

tors, for or in refped of the faid redory and church of IVavet+

**m sfias Wanton, but that fach firft fruits and tenths shall continue to be levied and paid in like manner, as the fame are and were before the pafiiog of this ad; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

VL Saving aUo to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fuccef- Rcfervatlort of iors, and to all and every other perfonand persons, bodies po- ocher rights in Kdefc and corporate, his, her and their heirs, fuccefiors* exe- the kid pariflv colors and admknftrators, other than the faid bi(hop of Chefter W»d his facceflors, as well in and to the (aid bi(hoprick and fee, at in and to the archdeaconry of Cbefter refpedively, all fuch effete, right, title and intereit of, in, to or out of the faid rectory and church of Waverton alias Wanton afbrefaid? as they* every or anv of them had, before the paffin* this ad, or could or might have hacTand enjoyed in Cafe this ad had not been made.

VII.	And it is hereby enaded and declared. That this ad shall Publick a& be taken and deemed to be a publick ad, in all courts what-foever.

CAP. VIl/

An aft concerning the offices of Jberiff depute and ftewdrd depute, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

^^HERE AS by an aft madein the twentieth year of his pre-^ * font Majesty, intituled, An act for taking away and abo- *oGeo.*.c.4j. Iifhing the heretable jurifdidions in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for making fatisfadion to the proprietors thereof ; and for reftorine fu^h jurifdidions to the crown ; and for making more effcdual provifion for the adminiftration of ju-ftice throughout that part of the united kingdom, by the King’s courts and judges there; and for obliging all persons ading as procurators, writers or agents in the law of Scotland, to take the oaths; and for rendering the union of the two kingdoms more complete; it is, among other things, enafted, That there Jhould be but one Jherijf depute or Jleward depute, in any county, Jbire or ftewartrie in Scotland, not thereby taken away or abrogated, and that be Jhould be an advocate of three years Jlanding at the leaf, and Jhould, during the fpactof feven years, from the twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and forty eight, be nominated and appointed by bis Majesty, his*heirs or fuccejfors, by warrant un± der his or their Jign manual, with fuch continuance as his Majefiy, his heirs or fuccejfors Jhould think fit; and that after the end oj the faid feven years, the offices of JberiJf depute and fteward depute,

Jhould be granted and held ad V itam aut Culpam only, with competent falaries, to be afeertained and efiahlijhed for the time of their continuance: and whereas the falutary ends and purposes of the faid offices, and the wife regulations made by the faid aft concerning the fame, will befi be anfwered by the faid Jberiffs and Jlewards depute, continuing to be appointed by his Majefiy, his heirs or fuccejfors, in the like manner as they have hitherto been ; be it thefore enaded by Vol. XXL	Q.	the

226	Anno	vicefimo. pAavo Georgii IIf cj, &.	£1755.

the King's mod excellent majefty, by and witfi^he ^Vi££ai^ conrent of the lords (pirihul and temporal*, and comdtons in tfus present parliament afieraWed* and by the authority of the Cl f * the kme* That fo much of the act above recited as ena<5s, redteVadt	That after the end of (even years, from and after the faid twen-

repalcd.	tv fifth day of March ^ the offices of fheriflf depute and fteward

depute, shall be granted and-held ad Vitam aut Culpam, shall be. Sheriff and and is hereby repealed; and that the fheriff deputes and fteward ute^tohold ^Putcs» already named *dr hereafter to be named, (hall, dur-their office *nS the fp*ce °* fifteen Vears, from and after the expiration of for 15 years of the (aid feven years, bold and enjoy their refpe&ive offices for his Majdly,as fuch continuance as tril Majesty already hath, or his Majesty, ^d^afierwffich	** faeceflbfs, shall hereafter think fit to appoint, by

to ho^ad 1	n warrant under his or theft fign manual, and that from and after

vitam aut	the end of the faid fifteen years, the offices of (heriff depute and

Culpam.	fteward depute shall be granted and held ad Vitam aut Culpam on-

ly, with competent falatfes tb be afeertained and eftablilhed for the time 6f their continuance.

CAP. VIII.	'

An att	for making navigable the river or brook t&lUi

Brook, and the three fevered branches thereof, ‘fxom-Me river Merfey below Sankey Bridges,	to	Bofcr<irTfiO&

ft one bridge on the fbutb , Gerard* middle branch thereof and to Penny Bridgeen tko branch thereof all in the county of palatine and alfo for adjusting the meafure of coal, to be brought down the faid river or brook, and fold within of Liverpool, in the faid county.	_ ,

WHEREAS the river or brook calledSankey

county palatine of Lancaster, from toe }lace where E mpties itfelf into, and communicates with the river Merfey, below ban-key Bridges, is capable of being made navigable up the (treafn or current of the faid river or brook, and of the three fevered brawdoet thereof \ videlicet, To Bozrdmzn9 s flonebridgeKn?ar Saint Trytfens, on the fouth branch thereof,\ to Gerard's Bridge on the mi£ilehfanch thereof \ and to Penny Bridge onrthe north branch thereof^ mi the making and rendering the fame navigable,. within the Hriiififlfeje-mentioned\ for boats, flats, and other vejfels^ would tend gritty to the benefit and advantage, of great numbers of tradefnten and tto-nufaflurers within the counties#<palatini of Lancaster and Charter, and be a great relief and convenience to the poor inhabitants in /Aftfind places, and contribute to the improvement^and in^reafe of the trtidt.ond navigation of this kingdom : wherefore for attaining and effcdl&g the good ends and purposes aforefaid, be it ena&ed.

Undertakers have power to enlarge the brook and ftreatris. tiot fcn$d any new mills on the river, or warehoufes in any garden, &c:C6ramif-fioners appointed for fettling differences. Commimoner* to mediate, and determine fatisfaftion \ commissioners to iffue a warrant to iheriffs or coroner, to return a jury. Parties to have lawful challenges. CoramifHoners

to

Ahrt^yktfirrio oAavo GEdfeGTII II. C.g.	227

funis aflefled by rtiejury ; which fliall be binding fl-^sSmflcampSaKiihV“*rrieto be fcejrt amongft tbe records of the quar-ui# f«flfo*9br*beeoiMty of Larfatter* A cleric to be appointed, ana his '	ofOmoonanMifianfers	meeting	for	approving	a clerk,

aaypxent of Sym* ^efl^d for damages, undertakers may cut, dig, -oipmimoners oualmcabou. It (hail be lawful for the undertakers, gdod*, carried, ftp or down the river above Sankey Bridge®, mentioned, viz. for every ton of coal, (tones, timber^. hr other ^oods. any fumnot exceeding iod. Lime

■dtAenof veffti* to give iptrue atoount of their lading, or to forfeit 79.

A4h P&biaftet*** hive their names on the outudes of their boats*

-Tcpwteto inea(urc am|rgauge v«l!eU. Contents to be entered in abobk, wvft names ot the owner ana matter, and number of the vefleL Al*

^Rnmntt* of duties fbr deficiency of loading. Undertakers may fet up Lvindltt knd Orfiirenginee* Boatm after or owner anfwtrable for damages erewv Pmhns 00 board having nets, kc. not being ooahfied, to faa£t;|lr The river not under the furvey of coramiflioncrs ot fcweri.

Undertakers to fecure fands from being overflowed. fcJew bridges to be made over cun. Future damages to be lbttled by the Cotfimiffioners. Penalty on undertaken negle&ng to repair bridges, gates or (tiles. Flood gala, Sec. to let the water iAtO the lands, fbr the improvement thereof; avpphanra dot to be opened between tbe firft of May and tenth of October, at undertakers do not make a fufficient number of flood-gates, &c. Com-ftftflfofters to direft others to be made. Perfons wilfully opening filth flood-tofbdfeit to the land owners sol. or be committed to the houfe of OOipcUo!I. Perfons mabdoufly deftroying the works. See. guilty of felony,

*nrf liable to be tranfported. Undertakers to begin before the 29th of 3Septv< 1751, .and dnifh before the 49th of Sept. 9766. fn default com-indfionfri to appoint new undertakers. Perfons overloading and obftruc-ring the paflage of the river, to forfeit 5I. VefTels not to lie in the river, eottfr Ob(lruction of others. VefTels funk to be weighed up and detained tifi &ti^a£tioA made2 Fifhing and fowling faved to owners. Pltafure-d6to See, not carrying goods. Undertakers impowered to extend the navigation eight hundred yards above the three bridges. A ttandard bbfhel pt brafsto be made, and kept by the deck of the market. I>e*l<xsdn tdai tOuJe fealed meafures. Bufhels, and other fmaller meafureVt^bc ftf'bpdriy fitted for work, and (ealed before made ufc of.

-flf-8 ^	;	‘	’	*	'	lT

•t.-.,,-. ■	'	,	CAP.	IX.

to prevent tbe. bolding of any market for the future in f'^ibe high Jlreet of tbe borough of Southwark in tbe county

X\m Vry-

WHEREAS the fate Kite Edward the Sixths ty his royal c \vjf * charter in the fourth year of his reign, did, among other1* ***** fbikgfy give and grant unto the payor and commonalty and citizens vfimi tiff of London^ that they and theirfuccejfors Jhould haVe with-akthtboroUgb and-lotion of Southwark, m the county of Surry, one marketer markets to be there hofden, and htl things which to a market diappertainor may appertain for ever: and whereas ty an art of parliament pajfii in the txventy ninth year of the reign of his late tnajejly King Charley the Second, it was enafted, That the fud market Jbaiia continue and be %ept in the lame place where it bad been anciently, and was at the time of mating the faid aft, kept: and that the faid market Jhould not be kept in any other place whatfoever: and whereas the high Jireet of the faid borough, where the faid market is

Q, 2	now

c-P

22ft

No market for the future to be held in the High Street 5

or ftall created for felling garden ware, &c.

The fetting up flails, and the (landing of empty coaches, or other carriages, in the itreet, deemed a nuifance.

No coachman, See. to ply or Hand in the ilrett*

Anno yieefimo oftavo GEORGIllf. t[*755.

mtu kM, Uading from London Bridge /^7 SainTt is a mat thoroughfare to and from the counties ^

Suflex i and the holding of the/aid market in the fdrd high Jfr&i hath ban found inconvenient from the great in&eafe of coaches, tai^ and other carriages pajfmg and repafftng through the fame, whrch Sdth occafioned frequent jlops% and is a great ohjlrutlion to trade bred fait? merce: for remedy whereof, may it pieafe your the humble petition of the faid mayor arid commonalty ihcLq-tizens, who are defirous to give up the faid market, and the fits arifing thereby, for the convenience and accommodation of the publick, that it may be enadted; and be it ena&ecTby the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advictarid ettfr-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commonsln thifpre-fent parliament aflembled, and bv the authority of thelBiche, That from and after the twenty fifth day of March one tfcou-fand feven hundred and fifty fix, no market whatfoever (halt be kept or held in the faid high ftreet of the borough of Southtddrk in the county of Surry; any law, ftatute, ufage or cuflotn to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That ftom and after the faid twenty fifth day of March one thcttTand feven hundred and fifty fix, it shall not be lawful for aayperfon or persons whatfoever to credf, place or ufe any ftall, truflel, block or other (land, in the faid high ftreet of the faid borough, or td fell or expofe to fale, any ppas, beans, herbs, vi<£ualsor Other commodities whatfoever, in or upon any ftall, truflel, ftand, fhed or carriage whatfoever, in the faid high ftreet 6f the borough of Southwark.

III.	And be it further enadled by the authority' aforefaid.

That from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March one thdu-fand feven hundred and fifty fix, every erecting, placing or ufing on or in any part of the faid high ftreet, of any ftall, truflel, block or other thing, and alfo the felling or expofing to fale, of any commodities on them or any of them, and every placing or (landing of any empty coach, cart, dray or other carriage', in any part of the fakl -high ftreet /except only during the tpue s>f the loading or unloading thereof, and that to be done inyri-fonabletime) shall be deemed, and is hereby declared toJjM a common nuifance.	4	^

IV.	And, for the better keeping the faid hi^h ftreet j^dmg and from London Bridge to Saint Margaret's Hill aforefaid free

id clear from any ob(lru<ftions pf hackney coaches, ftageciadft-j, carts, carrs, drays, waggoas and other carriages (landing in the faid high ftreet, be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix, it shall not be lawful for any coachman or driver to ftand or plv or be permitted to ftand or ply for hire with any coach or otner carriage whatfoever in the faid high ftreet, or for any carman, carter, drayman or driver of any carriage whatfoever to ftand or remain or be permitted to ftand or remain with any cart, carr, dray, wag-6	gon

to

and

es.

x755-] Anno vicefimooftavo Georgii II. c. io.' 229

gon or other carriage whatfoever, in the faid high ftreet, except only during the time of loading and unloading thereof, and that to bedone in a reafonable time ; and that no carriage shall (land Per/ons canto load or unload with its breech or tail at or before any dwel- *!ng obftruc-Jing-houfe, (hop or warehoufe; and if any coachman, carman,	Carti

carter, drayman, waggoner or driver, shall offend herein, it oroth^r car-* (ball and may be lawful for any constable or inhabitant of the riages, to be place where the offence shall be committed, to apprehend and carried before take, or caufe to be apprehended and taken, every fuch person alufticc* or persons fo offending, before fome justice of the peace for the faid borough, or for the faid county of Surry, and upon conviction thereof, either by the confeffion of tlie party, or the oath ofoncor more credible witnefs, or vvitneffes, before fuch justice (which oath fuch justice is hereby impowered and required to adminifter,) every fuch person or persons fo offending shall refpeftively forfeit and pay for every Inch offence a lum not exceeding ten (hillingSj nor lefsthan five shillings, as fuch justice Penalty*

(hall direft, to go and be applied to the ufe of the poor of the pa-ri(h where fuch offence shall be committed; and in default of immediate payment, the offender or offenders shall be committed by fuch justice of the peace for the faid borough, or for the faid county of Surry, to the houfe of correftion, thereto be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding feven days, as fuch justice shall think fit to order, or until he shall have paid the fame.

V. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That Publick aft* this aft shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick aft; and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other persons whatfoever, without the fame being fpecially pleaded.

7^	CAP. X.

fin ati for allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and ,0 wills made by paptfts j and for relief of proteftant purcha-! firs.

'HERE A S by a daufi in an aft of parliament psjfedin the 3 Geo. t.c. x8« third year of his late Mafifl/s reign, intituled, An act for explaining an aft paffed in the laft session of parliament, intituled, An act to oblige papifis to regifler their names and real ejlates;

f for enlarging the time for fuch rendering ; and for fecur-purchafes made by proteftanta; it was enabled. That from after the twenty ninth day 0/September m theyear of our Lord ‘one thousand ftven hundred and feventeen, no manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or any interest therein or rent of profit thereout, jfrould pafs, alter or change, from any papijl or person prof effing Ip(popifi) religion, by any deed or will, except fuch deed within fix mintbs after the date, and fuch will within fix months after the death y' the tejlator, should be inrolled in one of the King's courts of record at Weftminfter, or elf i within the fame county or counties wherein the minors, lands and tenements lie, in fich manner as therein for that

Q 3	purpofe

$3q	Anno	vicelimo ottavoGEORGji II. c. io. f *755-

purpofe is pa; ticularly dire fted; and whereas by several ofts of parha-G	merit	made	in the tenth year of his /aid late Majcjlys reign, and tit

to eo. i.c.4~	fixth,	ninth,	eleventh, twelfth, fifteenth and nineteenth

year of the reign of his present Majefly, it was enafted, That every deed and will zuhich had been then made, fmee the twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and feventeen, in order to paps, alter or change any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, gr any	'

interefl therein, or rent or profit thereout, from any papifl or perfin , profejjing the popijh religion, though not then inrolled, Jhould be as good and effieftual in the lent), as the fame would have been in eafe the I faid deeds and wills had been inroiled within the fime limited by the fetid clause in the faid firfi-mentioned aft for inrolment thereof; provided the faid deeds and wills Jhould be inrollei on or before the refpeftwe times in the faid fever al afts refpeftively mentioned, in fuch manner as ^	by the faid firfi -mentioned aft was dire ft ed: and ivhereas by another

c. *' a% ma& in the twenty fixtb year of the reign of his present Majefiy it was enafted, That every deed and will made since the firfi day of December one thoufandfeven hundred and forty fix, in order to pa/s, alter or change, any manors, lands, tenemetits or hereditaments, or any interefi therein, or any rent or profit thereout, from any papifl or person prof effing the popijh religion, to any pr it efl ant or prot efi ants, or by or by reafon of which deed or will, any proteftant or proteflants may claim or derive any kg ft, equitable, or other interefi what fever, to his, her or their ufe, for his, her or their benefit, or to the uftir benefit of any other protefiatit or proteflants, though not inrollei, or not inr oiled in due time, Jhould be as good and effcftual in the law, -as the fame would have been in cafe the faid deeds and wills had been in-rolled within the times limited by the faid chafes in the faid afts far the inrolment thereof, provided the fame deeds and wills jhould be'in-rolled on or before the firfl day of January one thousand feven hundred and fifty four, in Juch manner os by the faid clause in the ftrtd firfi-mentioned aft is direfted ; be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent df the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, Further time That every deed and will made since the twenty ninth day given for in of September, one thousand feven hundred and feventeen, in rolling in order topafs, alter or change, any manors, lands, tenements amfwiUs f or hereditaments, or any interest therein, or any rent, or ^profit papifts tin° thereout, from any papifl or pjerfon profeffing the popifh raigrtyl, j Jan, i756. to any proteftant or proteflants, or by or by reafon of which dee<J or will any proteftant or proteflants may claim or derive anylfc-gal, equitable or other interest wfiatfoever, to his, her or th^lr ufe, for his, her or their benefit, or to the ufe or benefit 6f ^qy other proreftant or proteflants, though not inrolled, or nbf in-rolled in due time, shall be ns good and effectual in the taw as the fame would have been in cafe the faid deeds and wilts been inrolled within the times limited by the faid claufe* m the faid afls for the inrolment thereof, provided the fame deeds prid Wills fcall be inrolled on or before the firfl day of January One

thoufand



«745*1,	^^%riW>^»r?,v9^0RGI1 IL c-1 lt 2 I

wiredjmifijOty fix,, in fuch planner as by jhe ,^£mVm^oo^ aiftIs'dire^ed. '	"

always That nothing herein contained shall No deed. Sec. or be C9nftrufdto attend, to make good any fuch deed, m*ke B?0'}, aitjsadjrlhade, andnot broiled, of the want of in- 7anta« hu [\tyyhereof ad vantage shall have been taken, on or before been taken of ft	.jfapwry	qncthoufand feven hundred and fifty the non-inrol.

ityfgu, -jfu£ W«ry AwH deed, wili er lea/2, shall remain of fuch m*nt before ffffce an4^e$,° W a* the fame would have had, if this a (ft had1 ^an’17 S5’ l^uer^fe<«? Wdej .^od of none other force and effedh

f	vbtrwputchafes made proteJlanU may be in Purehafes

4 bting itnU unhidy or called in queJliony in regard that fiome made by pro* d^edt cf wi)li thray&q which the title thereto is derived, ought to have teftants shall beepr s^rolkianorjing jo the jaid afls, but have not been Jo inr oiled; f**nd S?od bp ^thereforefurther enabled by the authority aforelaid, That hat been no ppreb^fe made for full and valuable confideration of any ma- taken fornon* nqrf, , itiefluages, lauds, tenements or hereditaments, or of any inrolment.

therein, by any proteftant or proteftants, and merely and only For the benefit of the proteftants, ffiall be impeached or voided fof or by feafon that any deed or will through which the title thereto, is derived, hath not been inrolled as required by tfi[fs laid a<fts, fo as no advantage was taken of inrolment thereof l^jore fuch purchafe was made, and fo as no decree or lucfg-menf fiath been obtained for want of the inrolment or fbdi deed^or ytills.

Iy. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall ex- No _nt^ ^ tend t* conftrued to extend to make good any grant, leafe, of advowfon^ or mortgage of theadvowfon or right of prefentation, collation, nomination or donation, of and to any benefice, prebend or ec-defiaftical living, fchool, hofpital or donative, or any avoidance thereof, made by any papift or person profiling the poplfh made by any religion, in truft, dirc&ly or indirectly, mediately or immedi-papift in try* ately, by qr for any fuch papift or person profefling the popifti rc,*° religion* Aether fuch truft hath been declared by writing or not. 2 good* Cm"

cap.xi.

A*<a&far the regulation of his Majeftfs marine forces while

u.omD.-nt .... ' fc -	•	an	jbm*.

till, j"up u uuuj uj murine jvria juuuiu ui TOtfid Cfld employed 7 ft1 his

an^ t\avalfervicry under the direction of the hr d high admiral% or commifficnets for executing the office of lord high admiral orCh<M Britain \ dnd whereas the Jmd marine forties at tbeir fifft forming, and other tithes y mujl neeejfartly be quartered on fhore^ where they wilt not be fubjeh'to the laws relating to the government of his Majefifs forces by Jeay yet neverthelefs it being requifite for the re-tainingoffuch forces in their duty 9 that an exafl difeipline be obferved% and that marines who shall mutiny or Jiir up Jedition, or shall defied bis Majejly's fervicey be brought to a more exemplary and fpeedy pv-

Q.4	ni/bment



vatc man on (hare,

who (ball mu tiny, or de-fart, Sec.

or lift in any other regiment! See.

or shall be

Amo vicesimo ofta^o Georoii Q. c[1755.

ntjkmnt	than the law vuillaUevf: be	King's moft

excellent majefty, by aftd with the advfre ml	the

losfti fpiritual and tqmpbral and conuaoo) in tfci» present J»r-_	Uament	afiembled,	and	by	the authority of. the fame, TbM;from

^raodJri-»nd «fif the tweuty fifth day of	one thawftff* f**W

hundred and fifty five, if any peefon who is* ordering tD*c»M<-rinuance of this a<ft shall be voluntarily entered, end In yiyyi purine officer or private man in his Majefty?* Service* *o4 jhft-ing ordered or employed in fuch Service, at any rime duiimg the continuance of tins a&, on (hore in any plaice wfehiri Ithe realm of Gnat Britain, or in the kingdom of Irebn4±pt ijfcjcgy 4>f his Majesty s dominions beyond the fea* refpc&ivetyfrfoflkbp-* gin, excite* caufe or join in, any mutiny or (edition iatifrbrMW pany to which he doth or shall belong, or in any other MM-ny, troop or regiment, either pf marine or land fbrec%iMlb Majeftv’s fervice, or shall not ufe his utmoft endeavours Im6p prefs toe fame, or coming to the knowledge of any fuch'OttgMrjr pr intended mutiny, shall not without delay give h»focqpt$fn thereof to his commanding officer, or shall defert his Mnjcfty’s Service; pr being axftually entered as a marine in any company, Ib^Il lift him (el 1 in any other company, troop or reghQcntf in JnsMajeft/s fervice, without firft having a difehargein writing from the officer commanding in chief the company in wbfch he Jaft ferved as a marine ; or shall be found deeping upenhwjppR; fou^iftcepiflgor shall leave it before relieved ; or shall hold correipOndCnce 00 pr (halide- with any rebel or enemy of his Majesty, or give them afakteor intelligence of any kind by any ways or means, or inatiy man-corxeiVoo- Ppr ^hatfoever; or shall treat with fuch rebel* or enemies, far dence with the enter into any condition with them, without his M^jcifty’4 H-encmies, rpeace, or licence of the lord high admiral of Gnat Brit#*, or of three or more of the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for the tine being* or ur shall finite, {Irike or ufe any violence againft his fuperkHr officer, being in the execution of his office, or shall difobey any Jawful Corner difobey his mand of his fuperior officer, all and eyery person end peribns fo fu peri or offi- offending in any or either of the matters before mcntjgaed, on 4tr a '^orc> *n any Part °f this kingdom or Ireland, pr any t>f his fer deat , c. j\^ajefty»3 dominions beyond the fea(hall fpfjferdeath, ojvfuch (pther puhilhment as by a court-martial shall beinflictedt-i i*

The lord high tt, ^nd be it further erra&ed by the authority aforefeidfr^Tbat admiral, dec. ft	and may from time to time, during the continuance of

comrnHfioa to tW*	he lawful to and for the find lord high admiral, or three

hold general or more of the faid commissioners for executing the (aid office of courts mar- lord high admiral for the time being, tpgrant a commiflion unrial, Sea. der his or their refpetfiye hand or bands* to any officer of marines in his Majesty’s fervice,, not under the degrep of a field of-. ffcer, for thq holdinga general court-martial at any placed places on (hore, in this realm or in Ireland, or in any ot his Majesty’s dominions beyond thefeas ; in every of which courts martial, all or any of the pffences above-mentioned, and all or any

other

 

*755’3 Anna viiobfiiflooftava-GEORGii II. c. ii.	233

(pectfted, shall be tried and lls'bfthi^ aftisdircfted.

-lEHIftajfert htihoalfisetUffted,' That ftlhali and may be lawful Courts-mar-W^dd&n’ftftAl atbutftvm&rtial refydftively, by their fentence tial may in-Uft’ffitfemeiKj I tO'faffiftrbrporalpuritfhlnent, riot extending to f5"^.S°rPoral diftwhmb, dh Jmy! «itf ito for: ithitaolraiWesv mifbehaViOur or Fo^mmwii-Of 'dfity : Ott’’‘fhore, Iri any pllaee dC places within this ties, -tttiMVr Iretdui, bfiirty’of his M»je#y^ dominions beyond' the tbridhUihce of this iaift srlJlVi.iAhd bfe'itXflaiher enacted by thb authority aforefaid, Lord*. Sec. of /f'hat'itfhailt artd rffty be lawful to andforrhe faid lord high ad- the admiralty -ftdrUty'bf thrt6 orirhdre of the comtniffioners for executing the impmvered re ftld^rffiieoflotdhigh adtniral,at anytime daring the continu- "^*v'„artic -snescof thiittfty td 'rititke had eftablim rules and Articles in writ-	*

’Under hls'W itheir felpeftive hand or1 hands for the punilh--wSrft'of ttWhriyand tkfertion, immoralities, rrrilbehaviour and '^ntgleft'Of dttty, 4n any of his Majesty’s marine forces while on ffllKWfifiany part of this realm or Ireland^ or any of his Majef-MyfeidUtrdriioHS beyond the feas, and for bringing offenders a--gohdfethe fane* to juftice, and to ereft and conftitute courts tttiatffatwith power to try, hear and determine any crimes or of-'{tXUX# fpccified in facto rules and articles, and inflift puniihments martial, ^byi'fcfttttice Or judgment for the fame, according to the true . merit ittd meaning of this aft.

. V ;> Provided always, That no person or persons shall be ad- NonetobesJ-r judged tofafftr any punilhment extending to life or limb, by the judged oflife fiddTOles and articles within the kingdom of Great Britain and ^crimes«-> ?r#tojj,exeept for ftich crimes as are expreffed to be fo punilh- preired to be' ~ ablethis aft. 1	'	fo punilhable

’o ,V1. Atod it is hereby further enafted and declared. That no by this aft. agfeefal'cburt-tnartial which shall have power to fit by virtue of ™niral rt:.i •ehlsiafti1 shall confift of a lefs number than thirteen, whereof to wnfift wme robe uftderthe degree of a commiflion officer of marines, oflefs than it, and1 the'torefident df fueto court-martial shall not be under the and the prefi-degree ot a field Officer of marines, Unlefs where fuch field offi- ^e"t be a cer Cannot be had : in which cafe the marine officer next in fe- 0^ce° „^rt’ niotity to fifth field officer, not being under the degree of a cap- feniorityt not tain,' ‘(bail prefideatfuch court-martial; and that fuch court- under the de-tnartia) shall have power and authority, and are hereby-required Br«eofa cap-tO adrflimfter ari oath to every Witnefs, in order to the examina- JJj1"’ atjminif-liowor trial of any "of the offences that shall Come before them* ter an to - VII, Provided always,' That in aH trials of offenders by ge- witneffes. nersl tourts-martiai to be-held by virtue of this aft, every offi-In trials, officer'Jprdfeht at fuch trial, befoire any proceedings be had there- ** upon, shall take the following Oaths upon the noly evangelifts, before' the Court atiff judge advocate or his deputy, who are hereby authorized to adminifter the fame, in theie words; that istonry,*

in.--

YdUJhdll -well and truly try and	,	according	to	the

evidence	which /ball be given in the matter now before you, between

Anno

mttn eurfivereign	krd fa &*£s fa’faffi/fasjtfkt

trUdi, .	’•...'•	.	•;	,	i	^d233£

*$*

1A- B. d« /wear,	That Jadfan^

an a(f of parliament now in	far fa irt^

jejiy'i marine facts while an fare j and according to fa ry

tidesmade in purfuance of fa aQ of faj mtnt of mutiny and defer fay and afar tfa/ty f ‘ mentioned,without partiality, favour or	i	and

fallarife {which is not explained by thefata ad <f parfa /aid rules and articles) according to my catfcienft, fa bjjt of mgm-demanding and fa cti/lom of war in fa.Hit	:

/wear. That I will not divulge the /entente of fa ctwr(, fattl & jhdd be approved by the lord high admiral, or three or tnfaef fa cmmij/ontri for executing the office of	high admiral ofo\

Britain •, neither will 1, upon any account, at anytime wbqif difdpfe	trdifcover fa vote or opinion of any particular tnefafr

court-martial, unlefs required to give evidence thereof as-a fat a court of jujlice, m a duo caurfe of law.	0r,

&?hdewiSknt

The judge ad.	fd°n ** fad oaths shall have beep adminift«e^|p^a

vocate to be * refpei&rve members, the prefident of the court is hereby autfyjp rized and required to adminifter to the judge advocate»oc,to the person officiating as fuch, an oath in the following words.

I A. B. do fivear. That I will not upon arty	at anp faur

whatfoever, difcleft or difcovtr	forty*

colormember of the court-martial, unlefs	sffance

thereof as a	wituefs by a court of ,in a due courfi. of law,^^

- ‘	So	helpme$#f!0

i	•	t . . vd

m icmcntw And no fentence of death (halj be given againft apy. ofiendw by of death, nipeaayfoch general court-martial as aforefaid, upjefc officers to present shall concur therein; and if there he mgre concur. See. fefit than thirteen, then the judgment ihall pals by thecgpaifr mice of two thirds of the officers prefent; and fjp prqc^ip^ „	.	.	, or trial shall behad upon any offenpe, but between the hours,of

Hours of tnal. ejght cf tjje dock jn the morning and three in the	g,

-except in cafes which require an immediate example.

fworn.

In fentenccs

The nartv tri-	VllL Provided always. That tjie partv-tried by any j

.i :i-M. j winrt.lHirlial tn lw>tu>M afi 9&rpAiirI Ibalf hp infJtlcH tn

ed7indticd'to court-martial to beheld as aforefaid, shall beintitled to acqpy a copy of the of the fentence and proceedings of fuch court-martial, : fentence and demand thereof made ,by himlelf, or by any other perfopgr gj^^J^^perfons bn his behalf (he or they paying realpnab|y fa the huge) mat-l, " at any time, not (boner than three try?,nth? after luch

whether fuch fentence be approved or not; any thing ip ,th»s ad to the contrary notwithftanding.

On,

cccdings, &c,

: faid.

IX. Provided also, and be it ena&ed by th^. amtbjCMtipy^ afbjps-id, That every judgeadvocate, or person officiatingas fuch at

any

1755,5 A*n«-vicfcGmQ oBaVo	II.	c.	j	t.	*35

aay general\<^rt-t*iartial, to be held as aferefaid, do, aad hoof coort*-is hereby required to tranfmit with as much expedition as the martf‘*!40j* opportunity oft rare and diftanceof place can admit, the origi- ^fecr^iry0 nil proceedings and fentence of fuch court-martial to the fecre- or' the admi-1 of the admiralty for the time being; which original pro- ralty, &c. dings and fentence shall be by him carefully kept and prefixed in'the office of theadmiralty o	{'GBritain, to the end

tftat'fheperfons intMed thereto may be enabled, upon application to the (aid office, to obtain copies thereof according to the tyue intent and meaning of this adt.

3C.- Provided always, and be it hereby declared and enacted. None to be That ho marine, either officer or private man, being acquitted tr>ed a fccond qrcdnvnfted of any offence, at any fuch court-martial as afore-	offence

fold;'(ball be liable to be tried a second tithe by the fame or any sentence not othef court-martial for riie fame offence; and that no fentence to be reviled g^ttr by any court-martial, and ltgnedby the prelident thereof,raore than b£ liable to be revifed more than once.-	onee*

XI. Provided always, and be it further enabled, That if any Deferters be. ©fitter or private man shall defert his Majesty’s fervice in any of y0rHj fea> ^ his. dominions beyond the Teas, or elsewhere beyond the fea9, may be tried * andfhaU tfcape and come into this realm or Ireland, before he be *'er' or in Ire-tried by a court-martial for fuch offence, and shall be appre- an“' headed for the fame, fuch officer or private man shall be tried for ihe feme as if the faid offence had been committed within this tetdm.

Xfl! Provided always. That nothing in this t€k contained This aft not Audi extend, or be conftrucd to extend, to exempt any marine, to exempt any either'officer or private man whatfoever, while on (horc, from on (horefrom being proceeded againft by the ordinary courfe of law. • °eli‘nary pro~

XIII.	And be it further enabled. That no person or persons Perfons tried being acquitted or convi&ed of any capital crimes, violences or by the civil offeheis, by the civil magiftrate, ihall be liable to be puirifhed magiftrate, by a court-martial for the fame, otherwife than by (tafniering. ^^ere/by a XfV. Provided alfo. That if any marine officer, non-conb- court martial, million officer or private man, shall be accufed of any capital Perfon* accuf-crime, or of any violence or offence againft the perfon, efface or ed °f capital property of any of his Majesty’s fubjeifts, which is punUhoble ^^divered*0 by the known laws of the land, the commanding officer or offi- over t0 the ci-cers 6f every company or party, is and are hereby required to vil magiftrate, ufe his and their utmoff endeavours to deliver over fuch accufed &c«

perfon to the civil magiftrate, and shall alfo be aiding and affixing to the officers of justice in the feizing and apprehending fuch offender, in order to bring him to trial: and if any Such commanding officer shall wilfully neg!e<ff or refute, upon application made to him for that purpofe, to deliver over any fuch ao-cufed person to the civil magiftrate, or to be aiding and offifttng to the officers of justice in the apprehending fuch offender, cresy fuch officer to offending, and being thereof convided befose any two or more juftices of. the peace for the county when the fa& is committed, by the oath of two credible wimefles/ shall be deemed and taken to ipftfa&t calhiovd, and ihall be u*-

 

236 Aono vioefipK)ip^?ivo Gborgji.I!. c. ii. [1755.

terlyxliiabled tohatd or hold arty civil, or?	employment within thisi kingdom ^	mot

vided the: faid conyfc&ion be affirmed at thti oeKt quarter ,oftJK peace for the £iidcountyvand acmiSc&te,th«neaf tfioetr mitted to the judge advocate, wbo is hereby ipb%ed to mortify th&fame to the next court-martial.	• v ; ;. ’ - ylrund

<	XV.	And	whereas	his	Majefty	has been gratioufly'pkaftdifn *#Rr

pefjkn U the dsjlrejfed condition of fiveral widows of'($c&s itffi tf* army who have loft their lives in the ferviceof the. late wor or fariheg the late rebellion, by orders made under bis royal ftgn monody reft his commijfary general of themuftersy toaUow uponth^yfi^ftqr) rods of all the regiments, troops and companies, a number efj&ifitmi names therein mentioned, inftead of private mn, iyt order\ ft and fettle a fund for the maintenance offuck widows er fbatl beintitled to bis royal bounty: therefore, for the efr feChtally fulfilling his Majesty’s faid graafous intentkm^-JPfttfe refpoft to the allowing of fictitious names upon the rolls of the faid marine forces, while on fliore, for the purpofep afocefeid, be it further enacted and declared by theraothority^ Fi6Kdoui fiwtfaid, That it shall and may be lawful, during the contir»ur names allowed aftcc of this aA, to and for the faid lord high admiral artbJ^q by order up- or morcof the faid commissioners for executing the laid office,$£ on1 themufter- ford; high admiral for the time being, by orders in writing yap ro *• for the der his or their refpeCrive hand or hands, to direct the perfoy for the time being, authorized to pay the faid marine forces,; to pay oyer the full pay of fuch fictitious private men as shall be al-fowedonthe mufter-rolls of the faid marine forces while on (hofc* It aforediid, to the proper receiver appointed by his Majesty, according to fuch orders and inftru&ions as bis Majesty fhyll he pleafed to make under his fign manual, for the puflppfps aforefaid; and that no allowance of any fuch fictitious upon any mufter-roll of the faid marine forces while on, as [aforeuifl, shall be conftrued to be a falfe mutter ; any tfefog in this or any former aCt contained to the contrary notwithftabd-mg-	»	i.

XVI.	And whereas at this time, and during the continuance tf this afli there is and maybeoccafion for the marching and quartering of the faid marine fortes in fiveral parts of this kingdom: bq itifpr-ther enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That for and during the continuance of this aCt, ana no longer (in purfuenceof aO ror-officen^and ^ der of orders in writing in that behalf, under the hand p&4hc men in inns, faid lord high admiral or under the hands of three for manfpof ale-houfesj&C' Ihe commissioners for executing the office of lord highiadmyral for, the time being) it lhall and may be lawful to and fofjrtfte conftables, tythingmen* headboroughs and other chief offifprs and magiftrates of cities, towns and villages and other pfoqes (within England, IVales and the town of Berwick upon Vmed, and in their default or abfcnoe, for any one justice of the peace inhabiting in or near any fuch city, town, viUageorplace,,and for no others* and fuch,eonftables and other civihmagiftrates . as(aforefaid are.hereby required to quarter and billet the marines,

maintenance of officers widows not to be conftrued a falfe mufter. Paymafter to pay the full pay of fuch men to the receiver.

Conftables,

'  

*37

1^55-}	Arind'vi&fimob£Uvo GEOROIIII. C’. li.

rini&^bMffofBoets! and private mert liKhir Majesty’s fervibey iff irms, MVerffthble*, alt^-hoiifte, vi&mlftag'houfes and all houfes, oTperfons 'ftlling'Wartdy, ftrong riatcrs, cyder or metheglib by rdaify totkedraftte&Y houfes j other than and except the h6uw>B .

<0*ftOOfeS1 bf &JV^dlftillei18 who keep houfes or place* of diftiUittg'tillers houfes, brandy and ftrong waters, and the houfe of any fhop-fceepery or fhopkeep-WftbfeprkVeipal dealings shall be more in other goods and trier- er*. or in any <?hiridi«s thari in brandy and ftrong waters (fo as fuch diftillers “ou* and1 fttopkeeperS, do not permit or fuffer tipling in his or their * houfes )ahd in no other, and in no private houfes whatfoever ; n& Ihatl'any (note billets at any time be ordered, than there ar£ eft&tive marines present to be quartered } and if any flOriftable,, tythingtrtan or fuch like officer or magiftrate as Penalty on *forefeid,(hafl prefume to quarter or billet any fuch officer conftablet.&c. of- private mart -iff any fuch private houfe, without the ^era to'pri-fonfent 'of ' the owner or occupier, in fuch cafe fuch owner vate houfes, ofbccripief1 shall have Iris or their remedy at law againft fuch &c. magiftrate or officer, for the damage that fuch owner or occu^ pier (hallfoftaiii thereby; and if any military officer (half tate updttlriffifo quarter private men, otnerwife than is limited and" ter|„g * attOvfcd by this a<ft, or shall ufe or offer any menace or edmpul- contrary to (Sort foany mayors, conftables or other civil officers before-men- this aft, &c. tibridd, tending to deter and difeourage any of them from per-forifrihg any part of their duty hereby required or appointed^ ftrch military-officer (hall, for every fuch offence (being thereof . cdnVitfted before any two or more of the next juft ices of the ptice of the county, by the oath of two credible witnefles) ’	'

W^deefoed and taken to be ipfo fafio calhiered, and shall be Uttirry diTabled to have or hold any military employment within this kingdom or in his Majesty’s fervice; provided foe faM tdrtVldtion be affirmed at the next quarter feilions of the peace effot laid county, and a certificate thereof be tranfmitted to foe judge’ advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the fame to the nfektbodrt-martial; and in cafe any person shall find himfelf grimed by be-aggrieved, in that fuch conftable, tythingman or headborough fng quartered foief officer or magiftrate ffuch chief officer or magiftrate not on, may com-Btirtg a justice of the peace) has quartered or billeted in bis P’jL"to anJ Kbufd1 a' greater number of marines than he ought to bear. In pfo portion to his neighbours, and shall complain thereof toone Di* Wore justice or juftices of the peace of the divifion, city, or fifeferiy, where fuch marines are quartered; or in cafe fuch chief officer or magiftrate shall be a justice of the peace, then on compute made to two or more juftices of the peace of fuch diViflon, city or liberty, fuch juftices refpe<51ively shall have, \ arid have hereby power to relieve fuch perfon, by ordering fuch and fo many of the laid marines to be removed, and quartered upon fadr other person or persons as they shall fee caufe; and fcreh1 other person Or persons shall be obliged to receive fuch itfarines accordingly.

XVII.	Provided nevertheless, and if is hereby enafted. That 2*rfnw*obe the marine officers and private men fo quartered and billeted as fumilbecUt aforefaid, shall be received and furniftied with diet and (mail the rates bar-

beer





What inn-holders may allow foldiers to find them-felves.

in (bch cafe, men to find their own vi&uals, and to receive

a $8	Ann'o	vicfen.wb8&6	(rfcfc

in fet fortbeir b«r, by the owneW: of the Snhs, TWtrf^: Ah^les^njfte-n6tras. provifions. ^fli^ing-houfes artd btter houf*,	toward[j&Awci

, tbbe quartered andby this £Ct, pkyfng1and

thb feme,' the fevetal rtrtbs1 herein aftei1 mehaifijkL iar1fejMY-abfe out of the fublffidnfcb-motley, fot tJl^e 'arra	^	M

XVIII# Provided always, That in Cafe ^iriy'fanh<^d&ftf,6m» pertbn, on whom any tron-commifllcm bfftcert 6r p^aj^men shall be quartered by virtue of this a& [except bit; a1 employed in recruiting, and likewife except tne railed, for the (pace of (even days at mbit, for fueh million officers and private men, who afe fbc^tihgjmi by them raifed) shall be defiroui to furnifti (bch non-Coift officers or private men, With cahdTes, vinegar and faltj either final! beer or cyder, hot exceeding five pints fhf per dim gratis; and allow to fuch non-Commiflion \ private men the ufe of firfe, and the neceflary utenllls ing and eating their meat, and shall give notice of fdcti fire to the commanding officer, and (nail fbrnifh and'd fcmcaccordingly; then and in fuch cafe the rion-cbthrfiiff cersand private men fo quartered shall provide their own^ and the officer to whom it belongs to receive hr that dcL- _ 1 ally receive the pay and fubfiftence of fuch non-commiffioii oi^ fleets "and private men, shall pay the several Turns hereiii ^ .„ww,w mentioned to he payable out of the fubfiftence-money, for ilet their full pay. and (mail beer to tne non-comrrtiflion officers and private

afbreftid, and not tb the innholder or other person on v&Oift fioch hon-commiffiotv Officers and private men are quanetj^s . any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftandih^, Perfalty on of-	Provided	always,	and	be	it enacted by the auihbflty

ficers taking afore fa id , That if a Ay officer shall take or caufe to be taken, or money, to ex- knowingly fufffcr to be taken, any money of any person fofyi-cufe quarter- cuflng tne quartering of officers or private meh or any of mjb^, in any houfe allowed by this aCt, every fuch officer shall cafhiered and be incapable of (Serving in any militaiy employment whatfoever.	n

XX. And be it ftirther enaCte<J by the authority aforaaick &c. ttMnake^ That from and after the twenty fifth day of March one rtibujy deductions out (ahdifeven hundred and fifty five, no paymafter or other,oMber of officers or or person whatfoever shall receive any fees, or make any dea^rcj nous whatfoever out of the pay of any marine, either office^pf private man in his Majesty’s fervice or from their agents, wi)KP shall grow due from and after the fald twenty fifth day of Jlfartil one thousand feven hundred ahd fifty five, other than the ujfbal deductions for clothing, and twelve pence in the poupd tpbfe difpofed of as his Majesty shall think fit, and the one day*$ pay in the year for the ufe or the royal hofpital at Chelfca, and fuch other neceflary deductions as shall from time to lime be direct by the faid lord high admiral, or three or more of the com-miffioners for executing the faid office of lord high admiral, for thn time being, by order in writing under hU or their respective hand or hands;

XXL And,

foldiers pj|yt See

Exceptions.





w

1755.]	Artrto^vic^moo^avaQeoRGir XI. q, if.	239

Xjf. .And* that, thc-quarters bot^v of the faid marine of$c«» Officer* to give ‘Wk(hore afaforefeid, mayduring the mm& p^thl^ aft, be duly pmd> and fatwfiod, and JmjS fub}jftcn^ e	better anfwjered j bc itenftfted by the money in their

from and after the twenty fifth day of hand*.

S\§ifPL thppfand /even hundred and fifty five, every officer	:	r.

ejr^erlpfi to whom it belongs to receive or that shall aftu-^y	jthe	pay or Jubfiftence-money, for one or more par-

A ^f^odljahy or companies of the faid marine forces or other-^ ^Jljaimediately upon each receipt of every particular thall from time to time be paid, returned or como L||fJ^%u''1Wds, on account of pay or fubfiftence, give i^iWt jee thereof to all persons keeping inns or other places ^ofRc^jK or private men are quartered by virtue of this aft* jn^allp appoint the faid innkeepers and others to repair to ^quarters, at fuch times as they shall appoint, for the di*

^ on and payment of the (aid pay or fubfiftence-money to JScers or private men, which shall be within four days at {imfeft after the receipt of the fame as aforefaid; and the i Ljpnkeepers and others shall then and there acquaint fuchoffi-^officers with the accounts of debts (if any shall be) he* tw^jji them and the officers and private men fo quartered its th^r retpeftive houfes; which accounts thefaid officer or offi^

^ are hereby required to accept of, and immediately pay the

fai^p fiefbre any part of the faid pay or fubfiftence be diftribwfed*

eftjjcrfo the officers or private ftien, provided the (aid,accounts R*tc* of fab-

exceed hot for one marine commiflion officer, under the degree

or a captain, for fuch officer’s diet and fmall beer, per diem* one keepers, &c.

(hiffingj and if fuch officer shall have a horfe or horfes, for. each for foldiers

fuch horfe or horfes, for their hay and draw, pet diem* fix quarters.

° ‘ ; nor for one marine private naan’s diet and ftnall beer#

Vjpence> and if any officer or officers as aforefaid, shall not Officers not $ notice as aforefaid, and shall not immediately upon pro* ^lvlnPJJ.otice

TMJui!Ka.ccount.ftatc.d’ toffy conft^t and_paythc^^S-

uport Corhplamt and oath made thereof, by any two witnettes, paying quar-at t^e( next, quarter feffions for the county or city where fuch ter». qMaersVfte (which path the juftipes of the peace at fitch fet hereby authorized and required to adminidtf) the or perfonfor the time being authorized to pay the fajaP marine forces. Is hereby required and. authorized, (upon Paymafierto certjfficafc of the faid juftices before whom fuch oath was made, fatisfy them dffeeTum due uppn Tuch accounts, and.the persons to whoch tb^ tame is owing) to pay and fatisfy the laid fums out of tho SWa/p due to the. faid marine officer or officers, upon penalty * fna? fuefi pay matter or person (hrall forfeit their refpeftive place pflpVces of paymafter or otherwife, and be difeharged fronl filing the fame for the future ; and in cafe there shall be —

no

or deduft it

arrears due to the faid officer or officers, then the (aid paymaftet out of his pay. ' or person for the time being authorized to pay the faid marine forces, is hereby Authorized and required to deduft the fums he shall pay purfuant to the certificate of the faid judices, .out

ot



Gc )gle

2+0

make up accounts, and give certificates tor money due, &c»

Anno viccfimo oflavo Gborgii II. Ca f i.	[1755.

of the next pay or fubfiftence-money of the company to which fuch officer or officers shall belong; and fuch officer or officers (hall, for fuch their offence, or for negle&ing to give notice of the receipt of fuch pay or fubfiltence-money as aforefaid, be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared ipfo fafio cafhiered. On moving -^XII. And where it shall happen that the lubfiftence-money from quarters due to any marine officer or private man, thall by occaiion of aljy accident not be paid to fuch officer or private man, or fuch «na * nn	or	priVate	man shall negle<5l to pay the fame, fo that

quarters cannot be or are not paid as this a<5t dire&s, in every fuch cafe it is hereby further enabled. That every fuch officer shall before his or their departure out of his or their quarters, where fuch company shall remain for anytime whatfoever, make up the accounts as this aeft directs, with every person with whom fuch company shall have quartered, and fign a certificate thereof, and give the faid certificate fo by him figned to the party to whom fuch money is due, with the name of fuch company to which he or they lhall belong; to the end the faid certificate may be forthwith tranfmitted to the proper paymafter of the marines, who is hereby required immediately to make payment thereof to the person or persons to whom fuch monies (hail be due, to the end the fame may be applied to fuch company, under pain as is before in this adl directed for non-payment of quarters.

........ ^	XXIII. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That

to be quarter- it shall and may be lawful to quarter officers and private men in ed in Scotland Scotland in fuch and the like places and houfes as they might have as the laws in been quartered in by the laws in force in Scotland at the time of orce at t e tjie unjon . an(| that the poffeffors of fuch houfes shall only be liable to furnilh the faid officers and private men quartered there, as by the faid laws in force at the time of the union was provided; and that no officer shall be obliged to pay for his lodging, where he shall be regularly billeted, except in the fuburbs of Edinburgh.

u.n^> (V w. XXIV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, der'con (tables That for the better and more regular provifion of carriages for toproyidecar- his Majesty’s marine forces in their marches, or for their arena, nages for fob clothes and accoutrements, in England, IVales, and the town of march”*	uPon	Tvjced,	all juftices of the peace within their fevend

counties, ridings, divifions, (hires, liberties and precincts, bo* ing duly required thereunto hv the faid lord high admiral, or three or more of the commissioners for executing the (aid office of lord high admiral for the time being, by an order in writing under his or their refpe&ive hand or hands, shall as often as fuch order shall be brought and (hewn unto one or more of than by the officer or officers of the company or companies of rats vines fo ordered to march, ifliie out his or their warran s to the high conftables, or petty conftahles of the dhnfion, riding, city, liberty, hundred or precinil, from, through, near or to which fuch company or companies shall be ordered to march, requiring them to make fuch provifion for carriages, with ahle men to

drive

Paymafter to pay the fum certified.

Officers, &c.

union direct

Juftices to or-

 (^.ooQLe

ij*5£.] Aonp^ictffimo oftavo Grorgii II. c. i f.,	141

drive tko<£me,<as (ball be mentioned inihefaid warrant, allow-ingtihMB foftcknt time to do the fame, that the neighbouring . paste'***? ate always bear the burthen ; and in cafe fufficient*. ca*ii*gaaeaaoot be premded within any fuch riding, city, liber-tyJ^bteMbed^ divifion or precinct, then the next justice or juftices of jtmgmm of the county, riding or diviiion, (hall, upon fuch ostsnteistasefaid being.brought or (hewn to one or more of theivr*by anyof the martne officers aforefaid, iiTue his or their waatencs to she high conftables or petty conftables of fuch next cnmff} riding, liberty, divifion or precinli, for the purposes afepemd, to make up fuch deficiency $ and the aforefaid officer or eftoeri, who by virtue of the aforefaid warrant from the ju-ftiftteef tfee peace, are to demand the carriage or carriages there-iruWNweioMd of the high constable or petty constable to whom the wsmni is dire&ed, is and are hereby required at the fame gates for time to pay down in hand to the (aid constable or petty conftable, carriages. fo**be ufeof the person who shall provide fuch carriages and mow, the futn of one (hilling for every mile any waggon with fiee*horfes shall travel, and the sum of one (hilling for every mile any wain with fix oxen, or four oxen with two horfes shall travel \ and the sum of nine pence for every mile any cart with four-horfcs shall travel; and fo in proportion for lefs carriages; for which relpe&ive fums fo received, the faid constable or petty constable is hereby required to give a receipt in writing to the pevfcti or persons paying the fame; and fuch constable or petty coaftaMe shall order and appoint fuch person or persons having carriages within their refpelUve liberties, as they shall think pro* pen to provide and furniih fuch carriages and men, according to the-warrant aforesaid, who are hereby required to provide ana funtfMl'the&me accordingly: and if any marine officer or officers^' for the ufe of whofe company or companies the carriage pena!ty on of* wapftfovided, shall force and conftrain any waggon, wain, cart ficers forcing* or^earriage, to travel more than one day’s journey, or shall not waggons to difeharge the fame in due time for their return home, or shall tfavcl mo™ , fuffer any marine or (ervant (except fuch as are fick) or any fo^eyC&c? * womhn, to ride in the waggon, wain, cart or carriage aforefaid,1 y> orfhali forot any constable or petty constable by threatening^ or menacing words to provide faddle-borfes for themfelves or fer-vaflKVor shall force horfes from the owners, by themfelves, fer-vans* or private men, every foch officer, for every fuch offence,

(haH forfeit she fum of five pounds, proof thereof being made ’ upmt^oath before two of his IVfcyefty’s juftices of the peace of thofome county or riding, who are to certify the fame to the proper paymafter of his Majesty’s marine forces, who is hei^y required to pay *he aforefaid fum of five pounds accord*-ingly to the order ana appointment under the hands and feats of the aforefaid jufticesof the peace of the fame county or riding, and is abb hereby impowered to deduct the fame out of fuch officer's pay.	.0	/	_Ti

XXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That if on any high constable or petty constable shall wilfully negleft or re- conftables.&c. Vol. XXI.	R	fufe



242	Anno	vIcefkBO.oSsro	Georcu	n.	[1755.

negleft td pro- fufe to execute filch warganes of the	tire	peace 2* (hall

vide carriages, be dircAed unto, tbeftt for providing carriages ffiorsfaifl+cx if arty person or perfotfs appointed by |pcbi cppftajble or pftty : conftableto provide or.furnUh any c*rri^*n|d . fufe or neglcA to provide the fame, or aay	or,	p*r-

fons whatfoever (ball wilftdly do aov aA o^ tlJing whereby the execution of tbe faW warrants shall be bindered or f^ra^od, every fuch conftable, or other person or perfon* fo offending (hail, for every fuch offence, forfeit any fumpot exceeding ftRty shillings, nor lefs than twenty shillings, tp,the ufe of ihe floor of the parilh where any fuch offence (had be committed/ and all and every fuch offence and offences shall and may be enquired of, heard and fully determined, by two of his Majedy’s ju-fticcs of the peace dwelling in or near the place where fuch offence shall be committed, who have hereby power to caule the faid penalty to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, rendering the overplus (if any) to the

owner.

XXVI. And whereas the reffective jurns of money pointed to be paid to the conjlabtes by the officers demandingv juth carriages % may not, in many cafes, be fuff dent to anjwer the charge and expeuce of providing tbe fame, whereby the faid conjlables may he frequently at great charges, over and above what is received by them of the /aid officers, to the great burthen of tbe townjbip of which, fa is tonfiabk, or elfe the persons performing fuch carriages may begrievg%fly ' < tpprefftd: to prevent which, and that fuch overplus ch|fgp 99av be borne by each county or riding, at the general charge^ fuen county or riding, be it further enaAed by the authority, g^e-Treafurers of (aid, That the treasurer or treafurers of each refpeAive^cpiffity M™h'Vn-OT *^*n8 AmJU without fee or reward, pay unto fucb^?9&|ble AtrZ' all and every fuch reafonable fum or funas of money, ib fey ^iai ordinary paid or laid out for fuch carriages, over and above ^hat.tf^s or charges. ought to have been paid by the marine officer requirifcg^fuch carriages, out of the publick dock of fuch county orpdmgv according to fuch rates, orders, rules and directions, tstf^ffaid judices of the peace in their quarter feffians affembled, f^i^hin . their refpeAivejurifdidions, shall from time to time, dunqg^ tbe continuance of this a A make, direA and appoint (which (Orders shall be made without fee or reward), regard being al^?y§ Jiad fo the feafon of the year, and the length and cond^tto$>pf the ways by and through which fuch carriages are to travel* .XXVII. And in cafe the (aid publick dock of the,pqnnty or riding be not fufficicnt (over and above the other purpo&t for which it was raifed) to fati&fy tbe extraordinary charge oKcar-Themoneyfor riages before-mentioned; it is hereby further enaAed, Tin# the thofe purpofea.faid judices of the peace, in their general quarter fefliQn§>u#ialI how to be	have power from time to time to raise monies upon theif nrfpcc-

raiied.	tive counties or ridings, in fuch manner as they now ;rai|e (mo-

nies for county gaols and bridges, to fatisfy the (aid cxtffeptt-liary charge of carriages.	i	:

XXVlIIt 4 ro*



*755*1 AnnoVice6mo oftavo Georg 11 II. c. ir*	243

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That Nowaggon, wate, cart or carriage, iitiprefled by authority of scarry *fiis ^, mall be liable or obliged.by virtue of this aft to carry dred wrigh^" ~ bbbwtwenty hundred weight, any thing in this aft contained 'ftS the bohfrary notwithftanrfing.

1 l&OfXi And be it further enafted, That the carriages for Carriages in HfI>e^C^vi<^of the marine forces quartered or inarching in Scot- Scotland hoar lbndy fhjdl be provided in like manner, and at the rates, andbe provid-for rusher of fuch carriages shall be paid, as wasdirefted byc 4 ‘ tKe^faW in force iti/Scptland at the time of the union.

XXX. And tvh?reas several marines, who being duly entered, may afterwards defert and be found wanderingr, or otberwife abfent-tbtmjxives illegally from his Mcjejly s fervue ; it is hereby fur-ther shafted, That it (haH and may be lawful to and for the con- Conftables ftabie, hiadborough ortythrngman, of the town or place wheie may appre-any person who may be reafonably fufpefted to be fuch a deferter bend defert-fhill be found, to apprehend or caufe him to be apprehended, ttemteforrii and to caufe fuch person to be brought before any justice of the jufticc» peaee living in or near fuch town or place, who hath hereby power to examine fuch fufpefted perfon; and if by his confel-fion, or the teftimony of one or more witnefs or witnefles upon bath, or by the knowledge of fuch justice of the peace, it shall appear or be found that fuch fufpefted person is a marine duly entered, and ought to be with the company to which he belongs,

\Jtieh justice of the peace shall forthwith caufe him to be convey- Juftice to com-the gaol of the county or place where he shall be found, or mit thc®* to the houfe of correftion, or other publkk prifon, in fuch tbfcrtbr place where fuch deferter shall be apprehended, or to v jlth^5^^yincaft'fuch deferter shall be apprehended within the Ar^S^i^i I^hdmox Wefiminfter^ or places adjacent, and tranfmit andtranfmit riAiI(itc6uht thereof to the iecretary of the admiralty for the time an account to r ’ feblrig, t6 the end ftreb person may be proceeded againft accord- the fecrctary ^Ih^to Jaw; and the keeper of luch gaol* houfe of correftion a jSoropr?f6n, receive the full fubfiftence of fuch deferter or : ^(ftt£fs, during the time that he or they shall continue in his Gaol-keeper ^i&jfiftody, for the maintenance of the (aid deferter or deferters, to.receive the {hall not be intkled to any fee or reward on account of the fabfiftence of ^°?to^ifonment of fuch deferter ordeferters; any law, ufage ordccrtcrs* LCit6ffonv, to the contrary notwithftanding.

rfj i'XXXL And, for the better encouragement of any person or Reward for persons to fecure or apprehend fuch deferters aforefaidj be it taking dt-:rfWther enafted by the authority aforefaid, That fuch justice of fcrtcr,# f1 fhd peaaelhaH alto iffue his warrant in writing to the collector Y Wicolleftors of the land tax money of the pari(h cm* townftiip jV/j trhere fach deferter ’(haft be apprehended, for paying out of the	N

!$aiulfajc money arifen or to arife in the year one thoufaod feven hundred and fifty five, into the hands of fuch person who shall ^fcpptehend or caufe fo be apprehended any deferter from his Ma-5*ftyVferVice, 'the (utn of twenty (hilhngs for every deferter that ftuljbe (qapprehended and committed; which futn of twenty ; . I ; \i < t	R	2	(billings

 L,ooQle

H4

buying their arms,

Jcc.

Anno vicesimo <x5hvo GeoJtGll II. ,€♦ i i.	[1755.

(hillings shall be fetisfied by fuch codle&or to whom facfr warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon hi| ^ccoim*. - , t, Penalty on XXXII. Provided always. That if any perfoi> (ball h^cbppr, concealingde- conceal or aflift any deferter from his Majesty’smarine fervipe^ ferters, or knowing him to be fuch, the person fo offending shall forfeit clothes, f°r eyery fuch offence the fuxn of' five pounds or if any

(hall knowingly detain, buy or exchange, or otherwife receive any arms, clothes, caps or other furniture belongings to the King, from any marine or deferter, upon any account or pretence whatfoever, or caufe the colour of fuch clothes to he changed, the person fo offending shall forfeit for every fuch offence the sum of five pounds; and upon conviction, by the path of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before any ooe pr more of his Majesty’s juftices of the peace, the faid rdpcftiye penalties of five pounds, and five pounds, shall be levied;fey warrant under the hands of the faid justice or juftices of the peace, by diftrefs and (ale of the gbods and chattels of the of-Application of fender; one moiety of the faid firft-meptioned penalty of five the penalties, pounds to be paid to the informer, by whiofe means fuch deferter shall be apprehended; and one moiety of the faid Jaft-mentioned penalty of five pounds to be paid to the informer, and the reiidue of jhe (aid refpedive penalties to be paid tOrtlut officer to whom any fuch deferter or marine did belong: and in cafe any fuch offender who shall be convi&ed as aforefaid of h^v bouring or aftifting any fuch deferter or deferters, or having knowingly received any arms, clothes, caps .or other furniture belonging to the King, or of having caufed the colour of fqch clothes to be changed, contrary to the intent of this a$tv (frail not have fufficient goods and chattels whereon diftrefs may [bjw made to the value of the penalties recovered againft him fornwh offence, or shall not pay fuch penalties within four days-after fuch convidlion, then, and in fuch cafe, fuch justice or juftices of the peace shall and may, by warrant under his or their hgfldi and feal, or hands and feals, either commit fuch offender £p'th£> common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprhtt^ffpft the fpace of three months, or caufe fuch offender to be piftfc* lickly whipped, at the difcrction of fuch justice or juftipps^lUjJ ’Thepreceding XXXIII. Provided always, That fo much of this adla^e^ cUuictoex- lates to the puniftiment of fuch who shall harbour, copceaJ,i9rt tww! to Ire-	deferters, or shall knowingly detain, buyvexchange or othfr*.

wife receive, any arms, clothes, caps or other furniture, bplqng-♦ ing to the King, from any marine or deferter, or caufe tb$ lour of fuch clothes to be changed, shall extend to all ends and purposes whatfoever to Ireland, and shall be put in executiprvfrt that kingdom by all juftices of the peace, and other offices je-fpe&ively, according to the tenor, and during the continuance of this a<fr.	'

XXXIV. And be it further enabled by the authority/a&Hft-i faid. That this a<ft, and every thing herein contained, (halfrbe and continue in force from the laid twenty fifth day, ofy jfrawb, in die year of our Lord one thousand fev^ihundred^ndfij^ 2	J	five.

For want of diltrefi, offender to be committed.

laudalfo.

Continuance of tiiu i£k.

%





245

17550	Anno vicesimo o&ivo GSorgii IL c. 11.

five, untfl the twtrttv fifth day of Match in the year of our Lord one thousand fevert hundred and fifty fix.

XXXV. Anfd to prevent as far as may he any unjuft or fraudulent arfefts that may be made upon marines, whereby his Majesty and the publick may be deprived of their fervice; it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That no per- No volunteer fon wbatfbever wh6 is entered, or shall enter himfelf as a volun- ,,a*?lc to P*®-teer in hSs Majesty’s fervice as a marine, during the continuance ^bmcahninal of this aft, shall be liable to be taken out of his Majesty’s fer- matter; or a vkre, by any ptocfcfs or execution whatfoever, other than for real debt of fome criminal matter, unlefs for a real debt, or other juft caufe th* vaIuc.^. of aftion, and unlefs before the taking out of fuch procefs or oath °o be"* execution {not being for a criminal matter) the plaintiff or plain- made before a tiffs therein, or feme other person or persons on his or their be- judge, half, shall make affidavit before one or more judge or judges of the Court of record, or other court out of which fuch procefs or execution shall iflue, or before fome person authorized to take affidavits in fuch courts, that to his or their knowledge the original fum juftly due and owing to the plaintiff or plaintiffs, from the defendant or defendants, in the aftion or caufe df aftkrn on which fuch procefs shall iffue, or the original debt for which fuch execution shall be iffued out, amounts to the value 6f ^tert pounds at lead, over and above all cofts of fuit in the fame aftion, or in any other addon on which the fame shall be gtbimded, a memorandum of which oath shall be marked on and a memo-the back of fuch procefs or writ, for which memorandum or'randimthere-oath no fee shall be taken; and if any person shall neverthelefs be ihrefted contrary to the intent of this aft, it shall and may thc procefs$ be lawful for one or more judge or judges of fuch court, upon complaint thereof made by the party himfelf, orbyanv his fu-' pftibr officer, to examine into the lame by the oath of the parties,1 of otherwife, and by warrant under his or their hands and otherwife pri-feafe tc> dlfcharge fuch marine fo arrefted, contrary to the intent foner to be of this aft, (without paying any fee or fees) upon due proof iftide before him or them, that fuch marine fo arrefted was le- W1 s* giflyiertferdd as a marine in his Majesty’s fervice, and arrefted contrary to the intent of this aft, ana allb to award to the party fo complaining, fuch cofts as fuch judge or judges shall think r&tffofrbbk, for the recovery whereof he shall have the like reme-dy’tftat the person who takes out the faid execution might have h&Tor his cofts, or the plaintiff in the like aft ion might have hid for the recovery of his cofts, in cafe judgment had been gf^en for him with cofts, againft the defendant in the', faid aftion. r

'XXXVI. And to the end that ho’neft creditors who aim only af 'flte recovery of their juft debts, due to them from persons entered as marines into his Majesty’s fervice, may not be hin-from fuing for the fame, but on the contrary may be af-lrft^d $rid forwarded in their fuits, and irtftead of an arreft, which ifiaV kt once hurt the fervice, and occafion a great expence and dtifrjr fo thcmfelves, may be enabled to proceed in a more fpeedy *	R	3	and





2\S

Anno vicesimo o£hvo Georgii II. C. tr.	f 17$$.

Plaintiff giving notice may file a common appearance,

and proceed to judgment and execution.

Judices may order con-

private men, and where quartered.

ahd cheap method; be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any plaintiff or plaintiffs, upon notice firft given in writing of the Carife bf aftion to fuch person or persons fo entered, dr left atltt* or^heir laft place of refidence, before fuch entering, id file $ Coifrttaon appearance in any aftion to be brought for ro upon account of any debt whatfoever, fo as to intitle fuch plaintiff to proceed therein to judgment and outlawry, and to have an exeew^n thereupon, other than againft the body or bodies of hup<0? them fo entered as aforefaid; this aft or any thing hernia* or any former law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftandirigr "

XXXVII.	And for the better preventing abufes in qdarteriiig or billeting marines in purfuance of this aft; be it furtherJ^n-afted by the authority aforefaid. That it shall and may be ful to and for any one or more justice or juftices of thep^e

an account'of w*lhin their refpeftive counties, cities or liberties, by warrant the number of or order under his or their hand and feal, or hands arid Jfcals, officers, and at any time or times during the continuance of this aft, to require and command any high conftable, conftable, bedel or other officer, who shall quarter or billet any marines in purfuance of this ad, to give an account in writing unto the faid justice pr juftices requiring the fame, of the number of officers and private men who shall be quartered or billeted by them, and the names of the houfe-keepers or persons upon whom every lijidi officer or private man shall be quartered or billeted, together with an account of the ftreet or place where every fuch houfe-kejeppt’ dwells, and*of the figns (if any) belonging to their houfe$^ fb the end it may appear to the faid justice or juftices where d;ch officers and private men are quartered or billeted,.and or they may thereby be the better enabled to prevent qr punjfh all abufes in the quartering or billeting of them.

XXXVIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That all his Majesty’s marine forces, as well officers as private epen, shall from time to time, during their being refpeftively borne as

iCmgVfeips to part °f the complement of any of his Majesty’s fhips or yei^ls, be governed be fubjeft and liable, in like manner, in all refpefts as any vpf-ficers or feamen employed in his Majesty’s fca fervicc are ftiojeft and liable to be governed, according to the purport, tenpr> ,ff-feft and true intent and meaning of an aft of parliamentigaeje in the twenty second year of his present Majesty’s reign, Wmi-led, An act for amending > explaining and reducing intoi oneaS^f parliament, the laws relating to the government of his Majejly sJbtpSj vejfels and forces by Jea % this present aft, or any thing herein contained notwithstanding.

Officers and private men while on board the

according to at Geo. t,

c. 33.

'-■'.TTS'.

q-AP.

 

Anw yjcefcw«ftav©.GECfliGU II. c. 12,13.

*47

-r\ 1 -

<	^ e a p. m

An jftti to explain and amend a claufiin an aft tnade in the -; $}h year<qf the reign qf Queen Anne; intituled, An act for r the rbetter prcfervauon of the game, in relation to the jetting or offering to fale any game. ,

it Tty H £ R E A S by an at! of parliament made in the fifth year VV of her fate majefiy Queen Anne, intituled, An act for the 5 Ann* c. 14. better preservation ot the game; it was ena£t$dy That if any higlar% chapmany carrier9 innkeepery victualler or aleheufe-keeper^ Jbould have in his euflody or poffeffidn, or Jbould buy, fell or offer to felly any hare, pbeafanty partridge, moory heath-game or groups every fuch biglar9 tBatmatfy innkeeper, vitluallery alehoufe-keeper or carrier, (unlefs fiub gatne in the bands of fuch carrier he font up by person or persons qualified to ft ill the game) Jbally upon conviction of fuch offence% forfeit for epeiry barey pheafanty partridgey moory heath-game or groufe, the film of five poundsy one half to be paid to the informery and the other to f ho pdor of the parifb where the offence was committed: and whereas doubts have arifen with refpefl to the meaning of the word chap-many whereby the intent of the faid aft hath been in fome degree defeated ; be it therefore enafted by the King’s molt excellent ma-jt$y, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual feu. ?rid temporal and commons in this present parliament aflem- ing, or expofV 'faded, and by the authority of the fame, That if any person or ing to fale, pCrtbns whatfoever, whether qualified or not qualified to kill ^amc* game, shall fell, expofe or offer to fale, any hare, pheafant, pena*tje$>in partridge, moor, heath-game or groufe, every fuch person or the recited rierfons (hall, for every fuch offence, be fubjeftand liable to the aft, on hig-pike forfeitures, pains and penalties, as are inflifted by the faid j.ar?» &c* °f* recited aft upon higlars, chapmen, carriers, innkeepers, viftual-lers or alehoufe-keepers, for buying, felling or offering, of gapae tbrale.	,

' H. And be it further enafted by the authority aforcfaW, Gamefbund ' Tfrat if any hare, pheafant, partridge, moor, heath-game pr in the hou& jgrdufe, shall be found in the (hop, houfe or pofleflion of any poffeflfan/ ^^turer,/aI^n^n,«°;P^ycook, the faw^fP^^ ihal! be adjudged, deemed and taken to be an expofing thereof monger,cook, file within the true intent and meaning of this aft, and the or paftry-iiditcited aft, or any other aft 5 which faid forfeitures shall be co^j. deemed recovered, and fuch penalties inflifted, by fuch means, and, in ^creoffo fuph manner, and from and within fuch time, and shall be, ap- faje# plied to fuch ufes, as are preferibed by the (aid. recited aft, or by Forfeitures *ily other aft or afts (ince made for the preservation of the and penalties game; any thing in the faid recited aft, or any other lay? or covered aivd" ftatute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithflanding. applied, ™

CAP. XIII.

An act for relief of infolvent debtors.

WHEREAS many perfonsy by Ioffes and other misfortunes, are rendered incapable of paying their whole debts j and R4	’	'



cd, and at whofe fuit.

248	Anno	vicefimo	o(5Uv6>GEOR01i	IL(1755.

though, they are wUlingtomake the-vtmoft :fatUfa&ion they can, art wventbriefs detained iri ptifon by their creditors: iabdi mbersai fitch unhappy debtors baveakvays been deemed the proper ohfilflt jtfi pubtick empajfton, and by feveral- atih of parliamentxwadt teen AgdmJprrf ; for the relief therefore, of infolvent phibiws who ibaU ia'ahfiJ^ ]y difcover upon oath, and deliver up ahdtaffign all their fi&e&s pnd eftates whatfoever for the benefit of their* Creditorr^r and rto prevent, as far as pofsible, the many frauds and abufes which in a great meafure have obftru&cd the good ends of fueh iffcs ; be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by andwith the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and Wt^b^made conamons in this present parliament a (Tern bled* and by then*-out of prifo- thority of the fame. That all and every fheriff or fheri&vgaoier ners in cufto- or keeper of any prifon or prifons, in any county, ridiqg&idt¥i~ dy for debt, fion, city, town and liberty, within this kingdom rdpe#fardy, pn 1 Jan. (hall, and is or are hereby impowered and requii^ to tateahd ,755‘	make a true, exadt and perfect lift, alphabetically, oftHe name

or names of all and every pcrfbn or persons, who, upon thc.fitft day of January one thousand feven hundred and fifty fivei-was or were really a prifoner or prifoners, in the adhial cuftody of any fuch (heriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of any with the time prifon refpedtively, upon any procefs whatfoever, for or by when charge reafon of any debt, damages, cofts, fum or fums of money^and of the time when fuch prifoner or prifoners were chargodin cuftody* and received in prifon, together with the name or names of the person or persons at whofe fuit fuch prifoner or prifoners is or are detained; and shall deliver the fame io the luftices at their firft general or quartier feffions of the peace,ito To bedeliver* t>e held after the thirty firft day of March one thoufand>fev&i ed intoquar- hundred and fifty five, for fuch county, riding, divifion*

town and liberty refpe&ively; and (hall, in open court, take tan oath to the effedfc following; that is to fay,	: tailq

■w

I A. B. upon my corporal oath, in the prefence of Almighty Hoi% folemnly fwear, profefs and declare, That all andeuery per foie, and perfirn, whofe name or names are inferted and contained'in tberftite-going lift, by me now delivered and fubfcribed, were, to tbe'ikefhtf my knowledge and belief, upon the firfi day of January one thodfand feiten hundred and fifty fipe, really and truly prifoners, in aBuahxu-Jlody, in the prifon or gaol of	at ibe\ fifftier

fuits of the several persons therein refpefiivdy mentioned \ and that dll and every of them have really and truly continued and remameAin oftual cuftody ever fince; and that the Jaid Hft is a true, exatt, per-ft ft and juft lifty of all fuch persons as were really and truly prifoners in atfual cuftody in the faii gaol or prifon of	on	the

fold firfi day of January one thoufandfeven hundred and fiftyfitter .	-	•	.	A

So help me GODip

Which oath the (aid juftrces, at the general or quarter feffionj, Jo op$o court, are hereby impowered to adminiuerj thewodds

qf

ter-feflions, on oath,





249

1755J .(Anoo.TicefenQoftawiGEORGii II. c. 13.

of which oath (hail bo entered or written at the end or bottom of every fuch lift fo delivered and fubfcribed in open court, by every fuch (heriff, gaoler or keeper refpeftively; which lift fo fubfcribed and fwomunto, shall he kept by the clerk of the ..	.

peace of evtfry fuch county, tiding, divifion, city, town or liber- ^ t £ thc ty ifcfpe«fHveIyvfor the better (atisfa&ion of the faid juftices, apd clerk of the information of all crbditors, and to be feen without fee or re- peace, ward. '• • ••'». ■

tll. And, tdthe end that no fuch poor prifoner may be defeated of his or hendifcharge, according fo the true intent and inealnh)g of thi»a<ft^by having his, her or their name or names c ics cf ^ left ©in of the laid Efts fo to be delivered, be it further enaded lift to be affix-, by^the aothority aforcfeid. That all and every fuch (heriff and ed within the (heriffs; gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of any prifon, is and are prifons, and bfcreby required to fix up, in the mod confpicuous place or on the &tcS{• places in every fucb prifon, and at the mod frequented and ufual gate* door, or entrance into every fuch prifoo, three or more Penalty of not trde copies of the lift or lifts to be delivered at the find general delivering in, or quarter fefiions, or any adjournment thereof, ten days before Juried the faid fefiions ; and if any fuch (heriff or (heriffs, gaoler and 1	*

gaolers, keeper or keepers of any fuch prifon, (hall, in any fuch lift k> be delivered in as aforefaid, negle<ft or refufe to infert the nameof any prifoner or prifoners who was or were a&ually in cuftody in their prifon on the (aid Aril day of January one thou-iftnd feven hundred and fifty five, the person or persons fo ne-gle&ing or refilling to infert the fame, (hall, for every fuch dame or names fo omitted, incur and be fubje<ft to fuch penalty or penalties as are herein after impofed or laid on every fuch (heriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers, who ifiall negle& or refufe to make out, fix up, or deliver fuch lift as aforefaid ; to be recovered in the fame manner, and to be applied to fuch ufe and ufes, as are herein after dire&ed for the recovery and application of the penalty, in cafe of fuch negledk orrefufal to make out fuch lift as aforefaid.

ill. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, pcrfon8;n. That all and every person and persons whofe names shall be in- ferted in the fefted in fuch lifts, to be delivered in as aforefaid, who upon the lifts, and con-firft day of January one thousand feven hundred and fifty five,	to

were really and truly prifoners in the adtual cuftody of any (he- difeh^ge^by /iff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of any prifon refpec- ^ jufices. tively of this kingdom, who shall take the oath herein after mentioned, shall and may be for ever releafed and difeharged from their imprifonment, in fuch manner as hereafter i$ pror vided ; that is to fay, it shall and tnav be lawful for any juft ice or juftices of any county, riding, divinon, city, town or liberty, within, this kingdom (upon the petition of fuch prifoner or prifoners) by warrant under his and their hands and feals, to re-qvfirfe the faid (heriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of any fuch ppfon, within his or their refpedtive jurifdi&ions, to 'brmgsbefore the juftices at the next general or quarter fefiions of tftc peace, or any adjournment thereof, to be held next after the



t$6	Anno▼iccflma odiyo Ge6*oii II. c. 13. f *755.

expiration of ten days from the date of the Aid warrant, for fuch fofpeftive county) riding, divifion, city, town m liberty, the body of any person being in the Aid prifon as aforefaid, with the warrant or warrants of his or her detainer, together with a copy or copies of the caufe or caufes which he, (he or they, is or are charged with, in the several gaols or priftms as aforefeid, at the time aforefaid ; which warrant of the faid' jfc-Prifoner to dice or juftices every fuch gaoler or keeper is hereby command* deliver in a eA to obey; and fuch priloner coming before fuch juftkei at fcbedule of the faid general or quarter feflions, or any adjournment thereof, debta^and Audi in open court fobferibe and deliver m a fcbedule of bis or debtors* her whole eftate, real and perfonal, either in poJTeflkto, rever-fion or remainder) or held in truft for him or her, or for bis or ,	her	benefit	or	advantage, and the names of his or her feveral

debtors, and the several fums of money from them refpe&ively fecured or owing, upon any fpecialty, contract, or other account whatfoever, and the names and places of abode of thefeveral persons from whom fuch debts are due and wring, and of the witneffes who can prove fuch debts or contradh (If there be any fuch) and make oath, and fwear to the cffe& following; that is toliy*

I A. B. upon my corporaloath, in the prefence 9f Almighty Goiy At filettfify Auto?) protefi, and declare, That on the firft day ^January one thou fanifeven hundred and fifty five, I was a pnfiner within the prijoH of	in the ofiual cufbojy

of the gaoler or keeper of the faid prifon of atrhefuitof

without my eonfent or fro-turementy and without any fraud or coltujion whatfoever, andthat the fcbedule now delivered, and by me fubjeribed, doth contain, to the befi of frty knowledge, remembrance, and belief a fully juft, true and perfect account and difcoVcry of all the goods, effects and efiatts, red and perfonal, either in pofieffton, reverfton or remainder, or in truft for mty ot for my benefit or advantage, unto me in any wife belonging of appertaining; ana fuch debts at are to me owing, or to any perfik pr persons in ttuft for me \ and of all the ft entities and contractby Whereby any money now is, or will or may hereafter become payable, nr any benefit or advantage accrue to mey or to my ufty or to any per* fon or berjont in truft for mty and the names and places of abode of the fevitalperfons from whom fuch debts are due and owingy and of the witoejfis that can prove fuch debts or contracts \ and that neither nor any other person or persons in truft for mey have lands, moneys flock or aoy eftatiy real or perfonal, in pojfeffim, reverfton or remain* Her, Other than what &re in the faid fcbedule contained, except wearing apparely bedding for myfelf and family, working tools, and nectffary implements for my occupation ami calling, and theft in the whole not exceeding the Value of ten pounds j and that I have not, nor ary Body for the, direftly or tndireflly fold, Uffenti or ofherwtfe conveyed, di* fiofid of in truft or concealed, all or any part 6f my land, money, goods, fjMttkly JlWk) tifflSy feturiliesy contracts or eftatt real or ptrfbna^

 LiOOQle

1755-1 Anno vicesimo oftaro Georgii IL C. i$.	*51

whereby to feiurt the JiPne, or to receive of	any profit or

vantage thereof, or to defraud or deceive any creditor or trediters to liiboBlJam indebted, in any wife bnvfeevtr. v :	So	help	me GOD.

'* O ’ '	‘	* '

And which faid Schedule, being fo fubfcribed in the prefence of Schc<juie

the juftices, in open court and fefllons aforefaid, is to remain ^ lodged

Wkh^the clerk of the peace, for the better information of all the with clerk of

creditors of fUch prifoner; and all the eftate, right, title, interest the peace,

and truft of ftich prifoner, of, in, and unto fuch real eftate, as

well copy or cuftdmary held, as freehold, and fuch perfonal e*

ftate* debts and effcdts, contained in fuch Schedule as aforefaid,

and all other the real and perfonal estate of fuch prisoner*

fhall xmmmediately after the difcharge of fuch prifoner, be

and is hereby vefted in the clerk of the peace of and for the

county, riding, city or* town corporate, who is hereby diredted

and authorized by Order of the juftices at their general or quar- who is to af-

tatfeffiotis of the peace fo held as aforefaid, to make an affign-

meet of the estate and effects to fuch of the creditors of die laid 0 a T

prifoner, as the major part of the faid creditors of the fiud pri- 6

foner, who shall apply tor the fame, by any writing under their

hands, shall diredt and appoint (which aflignment fo made as a~

fardak), shall be a good and effedtual affienment in law to all

indents and purposes whatfoever; and for the execution of

which the faid clerk of the peace shall take a fee of two (hillings;

und no more) in truft for themfelves, and the reft of the credit-

tors; which faid aflignee or aflignees is and are hereby im-

powered to fue in his, her, or their own name or names for,

•nd to recover and receive the fame; and alfo to execute any

trdfc or power vefted in* or created for the ufe or benefit of fuch

prifoner, for the u/e and benefit of themfelves, and the reft of

filch creditors; and to give fufficient difcharge and difeha^gesto

filch.rdpexftive debtor or debtors; and fully to divide the faid

prifoner’s estate and effe&s, or the monies arifing from the fale

pr diljpofition thereof (fuch fale or difpofition to be approved of forbenw 0f

by the major part of the faid creditors iit writing as aforefaid) a- cr ltorl*

jrtoog the creditors Of fuch prifoner, who, within one month

*fter notice of fuch intended dividend publifhed in the London

Gazette, shall produce to fuch aflignee or affignees, an affidavit

shade before one or more justice or juftices of the peace, who is

and are hereby impowered to take the fame, proving his or her

debt due from the (aid prifoner fo difeharged, in equal propor*-

tfons, according to their refpe&ive debts; and after the fame is

recovered and received, to render the overplus, if any shall be

{their own debts and charges firft deduced) to the prifoner, his

executors, or ademniftrators.	Afligneet of

\ IV. Provided always, That all and every fuch aftignee and copyhold e-

jdfigrrees of every copyhold or cuftomary estate of fuch prifoner ftates to com*

as aforefaid, (hall, before fuch time as he or they, or any of pound with

them, fhaH enter, or take any profit thereof, agree and com-

pound with the lord or lords of the manor or manors, of whom

the fame shall beholden, for fuch fine or income, upon any fur-

ypndcr  

Copyhold, &c to 62 thereupon granted them.

Eftate in expectancy not affeCted by this a&.

EffeCb, where rent is due, to be afligned to landlords

252’	Anno	vicefimo	odavo	Georgii II. c. 13/	[1755.

render and aditoifiiony as heretofore have been mod ufual and aqcuftoqn4d to be paid 3 and that, upon every fuch agreement or compofition, the faid lord or lords for the time being, at the nejtc court to be hplden for the faid manor or manors, shall grant unto the faid aflignee or afsignees1 the copyhold or cu-tiomary eftate, by copy of court-roll, according to the cuftotn of the faid manor or manors, for and during the estate ^and ‘m-tereft to him or them fo afsigned as aforefaid 5 referving the rents, duties, heriots, ouftoms and fervices, to Which the faid copyhold or cuftomary estate was.fubjed and liable at the time of tne faid afsignment) and shall alfo, at the fame court, admit the faid afsignee or afsignees, tenant or tenants of the fame, according to the cuftom of the faid manor or manors.

V- Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prejudice or affed any estate or jntereft, or right whatsoever of any other person or persons than the faid prifoner, which may be expedant upon or fubjed unto, the estate or in-tereft of tne laid prifoner hereby verted in the faid clerk of the peacey but that the eftate, intcreft and all rights whatfoever, of every fuch perfoo or persons as aforefaid, shall remain 4nd £on-tinuein the fame manner as if this ad had not been made.

VI. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority a-forefaid, That where any rent, not exceeding two years rent, (ball be due to any person or persons from fuch prifoner or pri-fooersat the time of his or their refpedive difcharges in refped tp any fueftuages, lands or tenements then in leafe to fuch pri-fooer or prifoners refpedively, for life or lives, for years, at will or otherwife, no goods or chatties then lying or being in or upon the refpedive tenements fo in leafe or liable to be diftnpned* ihaU be afeigned by the clerk of the peace in manner afordaid',' but shall by fuch clerk of the peace be transferred to fuch laritf-lord or landlords, or fome person or persons intruded fqr huri or them refpedively, towards fatisfadion of the rent then due, not exceeding two years rent as aforefaid, unlefs die person br persons to whom fuch afsignment shall be made by fuch clerk of^ the peace, (hall, by writing under his or their refpedive bantfc and feals, before fuch afsignment, agree to pay or fatisfy to1 fuBf landlord or landlords the rent to him or them refpedively due,.

'	not exceeding two years rent as aforefaid, to the intent that rtigh

landlord or landlords may befatisfied the rent or rents tcrhhrfor them refpedively due, before any divifion of the estate or eHfe&s of fuch prifoner or prifoners among his other creditors, iti hke manner as he or they might be fatisfied the rent to him or ; them refpedively due before the removal of fuch goods jartdf chattka by virtue of an execution by force of the ftatute made in the eighth year of her late Majesty’s reign, intituled. Aft k for the better feiurlty of rents, and to prevent frauds committed^ ' Ann. c. 14. tenantl. 311 y thing herein before contained to the cqnttarjr thereof in any wife notwithftanding.	-V

»VII. Provided also, and be it enabled by the aytlrority afere^ Jaid, That nothing in this ad shall extend or be conftkied^'tbr -.	-	hinder

unlefs the af-fignees fatisfy the landlord.



*53

*7550 Anno, vicelimo otfavo.GEOR^n II. C* ifr

binder pr present any mortgage or qior^ges upon the cftateof fucb prifoner pr prifoners pr any part thereof, to ukc place, op-ort .the lands,, ftenemeqts or hereditaments, comprifed in fucb mortgage or mortgages refpcllively; nor to prevent any ftatute- M ftaple, flatute-merchant, recognizance or judgment, acknow- nftif.1 legged by or obtained againft, any fucb prifoner or prifonersy to felted, take placp upon the lands, tenements pr feat estate of fuch prifoner or prifoners y and alfo where any upquifition fliall have been taken qpon any/uch (latute or recognizance, or any writ of execution shall have been taken out, and delivered to the Iheriff or proper officer, upon any fuch judgment, before fuch afsignment made by the, clerk or the peace, as aforefaid, upon his or their perfoqal pftate refpeclively, preferable and prior to any divifion of the estate and effclis'of fuch prifoner or prifoners amqng,hi& other creditor or creditors, for fo much as shall remain rcal|y due upon fuch mortgage, (latute, recognizance or judgment refpedively, in like manner as filch mortgagees and creators by ftatute, recognizance or judgment, would nave been preferred to other creditors of an inferior nature* agrioA the real or perfonal estate of fuch prifoner and prifoners refpectively, if this all bad not been made; any thing herein before contained tp the contrary thereof in any wife notwithflaftdibg.

Ylll. And whereas many per Jam who mqy he iMilled to anddeim the,benefit of this a&9 are f ifed and pojjejftd of lands, tenements and* hereditaments , to hold to fuch prifouers for the term of their natural* lives, with power of granting leafs (for fines referv'tng frnall rents) on fuch ejlates for ope, two or three lives x in pojjejfion or reverfion, or • for fame number of years, determinable upon lives, which faid powers' oughjto be executed for the benefit of the creditors offuch prifontrs >: p0 wer jn pr-bejt therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, That in eviery foner of P fucficaft, all and every the powers of leafing fuch lands, tene- leafing lands, mcpfts:and hereditaments* which are or shall be veiled in or to veil in chimed by apy fuch prifoner or prifoners as aforefaid, shall be affiSncC8# and f*rc hereby veiled in the aflignee or aftignees of the real and perianal efiateof fuch prifoner by virtue of this all, to be.by. iiiqbi affignee or affignees executed for the benefit of all *and cvery tlie creditors of fuch prifoners, as aforefaid. •

. Aqd be it further enaHed by the authority aforefaid* Prifoners in-T^fiall and every prifoner and prifoners who shall fo petition tending to ta£ff difeharged under this all, as aforefaid, ihall caufe publick taketue bene-notice to be mferted in three several London Gazettes, pre- togive notto vions to fuch general or quarter feflions, or any adjournment \n London thereof, which the faid prifoner and, prifoners shall apply to Gazette, bp^ifefiarged, containing the name, trade or occupation, and tw,o laft places of abode, if fo many, of every fuch prdoner and prifoners, and the prifon wherein he, (he or they is or are,confined, and of his, her or their intention to take the benefit of this all, and mentioning fii;h notice in each Gazette, to be the firfi, second and third notice, according to the time of publUbing each of fuch, notices 5 for each of which (aid several /lptyces, the^e (half be paid by each priibner two pence, and no Fec for ^

; ,u\	more	fame.





*54

Prifoners oath. See. not being dif-proved, the juftices are to difeharge bun*

Gaoler's fee.

Cburt, if required by creditor, to adminifter an oath to the gaoler.

Anno vicesimo oltavo Georgii I!, c. 13.	[1755.

more; the firft of which faid notices shall be fo inferted in the faid Gazette, thirty days at leaft, and the hft of the faid notices, ten days at lead before fuch genet*al or quarter feffions fo held a9 aforefaid, fo that as well all the creditors who have not charged the faid prifoner or prifoners in cuftody, as thofe creditors who have charged fuch prifoner or prifoners^ may have fufficient ho-tice as aforefaid; and in cafe it shall be proved eithertftitfa oath, or by producing the faid three Gazettes, before the feid juftices at their faid feffions, that the faid publick notices fo inferted in the London Gazette, in manner as herein before fs direded ; and that the faid person or perfbns fo petitioning sefio or were a&ually a prifoner or prifoners on the faid flri^ diy of January one thousand feven hundred and fifty five * and the oath taken by the faid prifoner or prifoners be not dlfproved by good teftimony of any credible person or persons on oath, ti be adminiftered by the raid juftices, then the faid juftices in tfiftjr faid general or quarter feffions, or any adjournment thereof,' 6r the major part of them being fatisfied therewith, shall thereupon, by order of the faid feffions, command the faid (heriff Jr iherim^ gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of any fuch prifon od pn-fons, forthwith to fet at liberty fuch prifoner or prifoners, without having or taking any fee or reward, other than one (hilling for his or their attendance with fuch prifoner or prifoners at fucji

!general or quarter feffions, or any adjournment thereof, in 6rden or his, her or their difeharge; which fum of one (hilling fuch (heriff or (hcriffs, gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of (hch prifoh or prifons, are hereby authorized and impowered to receive and take for the purposes aforefaid, and no more; which order shall be a fufficient difeharge to the (heriff or flieriffs, gaoler or gaolers or keeper of fuch prifon or prifons, anif (ball indemnify him or them againft any efcape or efcapes, or aAion or adtions whatfoever, which shall or may be brought, commenced or profecuted againft him or them by reafon thereof.

X.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aftWfaid, That any court of general or quarter feffions, which, puifd3ht to the true intent and meaning of this a A, shall make any'drifcr for the difeharge of any prifoner or prifoners aforefaid, mall,^if required by any creditor or creditors, who shall oppofe fuch jifi-foner’s difeharge, adminifter and give fuch (heriff or flieriffs, gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers of fuch prifon orprijbtts, wherein the faid prifoner or prifoners is or are, an oath td1 the following effeA; that is to fay,	K

I A. B. do j\wear, That	^ wasf&lfy

and truly my prifoner in my cuftody, in the prifon of ‘	*

to the bef of my knowledge and belief at if Open the firjl day of January one thousand feven hundred and fiftyjfae\ and the warrant or warrants of his or her detainer, and the tojpf or copies of the caufe or cavfes, now by me brought with the bodfafrbe faid	is	the warrant of mi or

-	1 *■	^er



1755*3 Anno viccfimo o&avo Georgii II. c. 13.

her detainer \ and is or are a true copy or copus, without any fraud of deceit by we% or by any other to the bejl of my knowledge.

\ So help me GOD#

. X£ iProvided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority ar Gaoler* who foreCutf, That if fuch perfbn or persons, as was the fheriff or were notfo iheriff^, gaoler or gaolers, or keeper ,of fuch gaol or prifon on on 1 Jan. the faid firft day of January one thousand feven hundred and *755» t°oJce fifty five, shall pot happen to be the fherlflf or (heriffs, gaoler or °	*

gaolers or Jteeper of fuch gaol or prifon, at the time of making fuch order, that the faid general or quarter feflioos, held as a-forefaid, if required as aforefaid, shall adminifler and give to fgch. persons as shall be (heriffs, gaolers or keepers of fuch prifon or prifons, at the time of making fuch order an oath touching the commitments, or books of commitment, to the effect following i that i$ to fay.

I A. B, do /wear. That 1 have examined the commitments, or books kept of or concerning the commitment ofprifoners to the prifou, <f ,	in the county of

and I verily believe, that the faid commit faulty yr botfs of commitment, are really true, and not fictitiousr nor calculated for this purpofe j and by them it dees appear, that

was, on the firfl day of January one thousand feven hundred and fifty five, really ana truly a prifaqixiu the aflual cuJlody of	the then

fheriff\ gaoler or keeper of the faid prifon, without fraud or deceit by me, or the faid	or

OOy other person or persons to my knowledge.

So help meGOD.

XIL And whereas great numbers of workmen Jkilful in the several trades and manu factures of this kingdom, and alfo many able feamen and mariners, finding themfelves unable to fatisfy the whole of their refpeftive debts, and dreading the mifiries of a gaol, have chofe to leave ;tfeir employments and native country, and have entered themfelves in foreign fir vice: and whereas their continuance abroad mujl be of great prejudice to the trade of this kingdom: in order therefore to enduce Debtor* who anffenabJe fuch persons to return j he it enabled by the autbo- were beyond rity aforefaid, That all and every debtor and debtors, who was teas on 1 Jan. or were actually beyond the Teas in foreign parts on the faid firft V5-5, furrc“,‘ day of .January one thousand feven hundred and fifty five, who conforming, shall return and fgrreader himfelf or themfelves unto the gaoler to have the qr,gaolers, keeper or keepers, of the prifons of the King’s Bench, benefit of thi* hfatjhalfea or Fleet, or to the prifon or prifons of fuch county or counties where fuch debtor or debtors Jaft dwelt for the (pace of iik months ( which faid gaoler or gaolers,, keeper or keepers, are ^	required	and	unpowered	to	receive	and	detain	fuch debtor

vjfir debtors furrendering as aforefaid, in order to tbeir difeharge,

as

2 5^

Fugitive'*

oatn.

Anno vicesimo odavo Gforgii IL c. 13;	[1755.

as herein after-mentioned) (hall, from and immediately after fuch furrender as aforefaid, be deemed a prifoner or prifoners within, and be to all intents and purposes intided to the benefit of this ad, and shall upon due proof of the laid premifies, by the oath of fuch debtor or debtors (not difproved by any credible witneft) be difcharged in the lame manner, as if he, (he or they, had been actually in prifon on the faid firft day of ‘January one thousand feven hundred and fifty five, and continued therein as aforefaid, fubjed neverthelefs to the fame reftridions and provifions, and upon compliance with the fame terms, conditions and qualifications, herein before impofed upon the faid prifoners adualiy in cuftody upon the faid firft day of January one thousand feven hundred and fifty five, and alfo fubjed to the terms and provifions, relating to the estate and effeds of fuch prifoner as afore-faid, excepting only fuch particulars thereof, as require the name of a prifoner to be inferted in the (heriffs, gaolers or keepers lift as aforefaid, or relate to the oaths of fuch fheriff, gaoler or keeper herein before appointed to be taken; which particulars cannot pofsibly be applied to the cafe of pofons furrendering themfelves as aforefaid; and alfo except the faid oath herein before appointed to be taken by prifoners in cuftody upon the faid firft day of January one thousand feven hundred and fifty five, inftead whereof the faid person or persons fo furrendering shall take an oath to the effed following, which the faid juftices, authorized to put this ad in execution, are hereby required and impowered to adminifter, in fuch manner as the oaths herein before-mentioned are to be adminiftered.

I A. B. doj upon my corporal oath, in the prefence of Almighty God, folemnly (weary protefl, and declare, That I was aftuallyy on the firjl day of January one thousand feven hundred and fifty five, beyond the feat tn foreign partly videlicet, at

and that the fchedule now delivered, and by me fubferibedy doth containy to the heft of my knowledge y re-mtmbrancey and belief \ a fully jufly true and perfect account and dif-coveryy of all the eflatey goodly and effects to me tn any wife belonging \ and fuch debts as are to me owingy or to any person or persons in trufl for me\ and of all the fecurities and centrals9 whereby any money now i$y or will or may hereafter become payabUy or any benefit or advantage accrue to me or to my ufe9 or to any other person or persons in trufl for me; and the names and places of abode of the several perfont from whom fuch debts are due and owingy and of the witnefjes that can prove fuch debts or contra bis; and that neither /, nor any other person or persons in trufl for mey have landy money9 flock or any eflatOy real or perfonaly in pofj'ejfmy reverfion or remainder, other than what are in the faid fchedule containedy except wearing apparely bedding fer myfelf and family, working toohy and necessary implements for my occupation and callingy and thefe in the whole not exceeding the value of ten pounds; and that I have not direflly or indirectly foldy leffened or Otherwife conveyedy difpofed of in trufly or concealed% all or any part of my landy money, goods 9 chattltSy flocks^ debtsyfecuritiesy controls or

eflates



1755.] Anno vicelimo o&avo Geor6iI II. c. if. 257

tfates real or per fond*, whereby to fecure the fame, or to receive or exptft any profit or -adoautagt thereof or ta defraud or deceive any ere-ditor or creditors to whom i am indebted, in any wife howfoever.

So help me G O D.

mi. And be it further enaCfed by the authority aforefaid,

TWa&if any (hcriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers or keeper of anyiprifon, shall without juft caufe to be approved of by the faid ju(tiees,refufe or delay to bring any fuch prifoner or prifoners Gaoler and as aforefaid, to the hid general or quarter feffions, in order to his printer of or hoedifch&rgev or (hall, negleCt or refufe to make out and de- Gazette, not livcrfuch lifts as aforefaid, or to take any of the faid oaths be- t?e^eu-fore^mentiofiedjor shall upon any account or pretence whatfoever fetions of this tatoor receive more than the faid fum of one (hilling herein be- aft, to forfeit forealiowed for his or her attendance! in order to be difeharged to the prifoner of'fitch prifoner or prifoners as aforefaid, or shall detain the	d	lrt"

prifoner after he or (he shall be difeharged as aforefaid $ or if the Dlc co u primer of the London Gazette shall wilfully refufe or negleCt to infavt therein the name, trade, occupation and laft place of abddeof fuch.prifoner, on reafonable requefts to him made for that purpofe, or shall take or receive any fee or gratuity more thzfn rfco pence as aforefaid for fo doing, every fuch (heriff, gaoler and keeper of fuch prifon or prifons, and iuch printer of the London Gazette, shall refpeCtively forfeit and pa? to each prifanerthe form of one hundred pounds, which shall and may be recovered with treble cofts of fuit, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of the courts of record at lVeJl~ minfkri Wherein no effoin, protection or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Gaolers con-That if any fuch fheriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers or keeper vifted of per-of any prifon, (hall, in taking any of the afore-mentioned i«fy» to for-oatha,,for(Wearor pfcrjure himfelf, and shall thereof be lawful-*?1* 5201" t0 ly cctavicted, fuch fl^eriff, gaoler or keeper of fuch prifon or ea l*nccl* prifope (over andabove fuch penalties as may be inflifted on perfpns convicted of perjury) (hall, upon every fuch.conviction, forfeit end pay the sum of live hundred pounds, to be recovered Wkhv full cofts, by bill, plaint or information, or action of debt,,in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVeJlminfler, wbefeinn© effoin, protection, wager of Jaw or other delay to be allowed, by and in the name ok fuch persons, their execu-torsuM gdminiftrators, as shall in purfuance of this aCf be appointed affignees of the eftateand effects of the prifoner or prifoner^ for difeharging of whom fuch perjury shall be committed^ and for want of fuch affignees, in the name or names of soy^other creditor or creditors, who shall fue for the faid penalties* tohe applied ope moiety to the informer or informers, and other moiety towards fatisfaCiion of the debts of fuch hin^cbfor«r creditors. .

XYv h* ^further enaCted by the authority aforefaid,

Vu^XXI.	S	That

 (^ooQle

Anno vicesimo oftavo Georgii II. C# 13.	[1755.

n .	. r That if any person who now is or was on the firft day of Ja-

ing°wronngCrt nuary onc thousand feven hundred and fifty five, (Heriff or gaol-names, &c. toer or keeper of any prifon, shall infert in any lift or lifts deli— forfeit *ool. vered as aforefaid, the name or names of any person or persons who was or were not prifoner or prifoners, actually in cuftody on the faid firft day of January one thousand feven hundred and fifty five, according to the tenor of the laid oath taken at the time of delivering in fuch lifts, every fuch (heriff, gaoler or kipper, (hall, for every name fo inferted as aforefaid, forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds, to be recovered in the fame manner, and applied to the fame ufe or ufes, as herein before directed for the recovery of the faid penalty and forfeiture in cafe of conviction of perjury.

XVI. And be it further enabled bv the authority aforefaid,

. l That if any clerk of the peace shall delay or refufe to give every Sace wfufing or anY ^ch prifoner, fo difeharged as aforefaid, within ten to give prifon-days after his or her difeharge, a copy of the order of his or er a copy of her difeharge, on the .payment of two (hillings and fix pence, his difeharge, or ^all take more than the faid fum of two (hillings and fix trao^d^ary*" Pcnce f°r (uch coPy» every clerk of the peace fo offending fees, to forfeit shall forfeit and pay to every fuch prifoner, the sum of twenty aol.	pounds, to be ordered to be paid by the juftices of the peace at

their general or quarter feftions of the peace, who are hereby impowered to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the person fo offending.

Prifoner con- XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, vifted of per- That if any prifoner, as aforefaid, or any person or persons en-jury, to fuffer abled to take the benefit of this act, shall forfwear or peijure as a felon. himfelf, herfelf or themfelves, in any of the matters aforefaid, and shall be lawfully convicted of wilful perjury, he or (he shall be adjudged a felon, and fuffer as fuch, without benefit pf clergy.

XVIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That no person to be difeharged by this act (hall, at any time hereafter, be imprifoned by reafon of any judgment or decree obtained for payment of money only, or for any debt, damages, debts*1 &c contemPts> c°fts> (um or fums ot money, contracted, incur-conti-afted be- rec*» occafioned, owing or growing due, before the faid firft day fore 1 Jan. of January one thousand feven hundred and fifty five; but that ,75S*	upon every arreft upon every judgment, or fuch decree, or for

fuch debts, damages, contracts, cofts, fum and fums of money, it shall and may be lawful for auy judge of the court where the procefs is fued, upon Ihewing the copy of the order of fuch prifoner’s difeharge or difeharges, to releafe and difeharge out of cuftody fuch prifoner or prifoners, as aforefaid ; and the judge is hereby impowered fo to do, fo as every fuch prifoner or prifoners arrefted or detained upon execution or mefne procefs, do give a warrant of attorney to appear to every fuch adtion, and to plead thereunto.

Gaoler may XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, plead the ge- That if any action of efcapc or any fuit or action, be brought ncral iffue a-	.	agamft

Prifoners difeharged by this at, not liable to im-prifonment





1755-3 Anno vicesimo o&avo Gborgii II. c. 13.	259

againft any justice or juftices of the peace, (heriff, gaoler orpinftfuits keeper of any prifon, for performing their office, in purfuance ?0f cfcaPc °f of this aft, they may plead the generaf iflue, and give this aftpn oncrt* in evidence; and if the plaintiff be nonfuited or difcontinue his aftion, or verdift pafs againft him, or judgment upon demurrer, the defendant shall have treble cofts; provided that treble cofti. the difcharge of any perfon, by virtue x>f this ad, shall not prifoacr^not acquit any other person from fuchdebt, fumor fums of money, to acquit o-or any part thereof, but that all others shall be anfwerable for thers anfwcr-the fame, in fuch manner as they vyere before the paffing 0f ?blc f°rIthc this a a.	1	6	fame debt.

XX.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority Debts and

afdfcfaid, That notwithstanding the difcharge of the perfon	^

foch prifoner or prifoners as aforefaid, all and every debt or gainftSprifon* debts due or owing from the faid prifoner or prifoners, and all ers lands and and every judgment or judgments had and taken, and decree effeds. obtained againft him or her, shall (land, and be good and ef-

feftual in law, to all intents and purpofes, againft the lands, tenements and hereditaments, goods and chattels of the faid prifoners fo difcharged as aforefaid, which he, (he or they, or any other person or persons in truft for him, her or them, at the time of fuch difcharge hath or have, or at any time hereafter shall or may be any wife feifed or poffefled of, interefted in, or intitled to, either in law or equity; except his, her or their Wearing wearing apparel, bedding for his, her or their families, and P*rcl>bedding, working tools and implements neceflary for his, her or their oc-cupations, not exceeding the value of ten pounds in the whole; ej?s* p * and it shall and may be lawful to and for fuch creditor or ere- and creditor ditors of fuch prifoner or prifoners fo difcharged as aforefaid, may takeout his, her or their executors or adminiftrators, to take out a new execution againft the lands, tenements and hereditaments,cu lon' goods and chattels of fuch prifoner or prifoners (except as before excepted) for the fatisfaftion of his, her or their debts, in fuch fort, manner or form, as he, (he or they might have done, if the person or persons of fuch prifoner or prifoners had never been in execution; any aft, ftatute, law or cuftom, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XXI.	Provided alfo. That it shall and may be lawful for any p*rioits dif. person difcharged by this aft, in cafe any Scire facias, or aftion gcneral-of debt, shall be brought againft him or her upon any judgment fy, See. to ao obtained againft him or her, or ftatute or recognizance acknow-tions, &c. ledged by him or her, before the faid firft day of January one brought on thousand feven hundred and fifty five, with refpeft to prifoners befor?* in aftual cuftody, or with refpeft to debtors beyond the feas, j3n. 1755, $rc* as aforefaid, upon the faid firft day of January one thoufand

feven hundred and fifty five, to plead generally in difcharge of his or her person or persons from execution, that Ire or (he was achially a prifoner in fuch prifon, at fuch a perfon’s Am, or was or were beyond the feas in foreign parts, on the faid firft day of January one thousand feven hundred and fifty five, and was or were duly difcharged according to this aft at the ge-

S 2	neral



I

260	Anno	vicefimo	oftavo	GeoRGII	II.	c.	13.	[1755.

neral or quarter feflions held at fuch time and place for fuch county, riding, divifion, liberty, city, town or place (as his, her or their cafe is) without pleading any matter fpecially 5 and in cafe any other fuit or adion shall be commenced againft him, her or them, for any other debt, fum or fums of money, due before the faid firft day of January one thousand feven hundred and fifty five, to plead in difcharge of his or her person from execution (over and above fuch matters as aforefaid) that fuch debt, or fum of money (as the cafe shall happen) was contracted or due before the faid firft day of January one thousand feven hundred and fifty five, without pleading any other matter fpecially, whereto the plaintiffs shall or may reply generally, and deny the matters pleaded as aforefaid, or reply any other matter or thing which may (hew the faid defendant not to be inti-tled to the benefit of this ad, or not duly difcharged according to it, in the fame manner as the plaintiff might have replied in cafe the defendant had pleaded this ad, and his difcharge by virtue of this ad, fpecially ; and if the plaintiff be nonfuited, difcontinue his adion, or verdid pafs againft him, or judgment on demurrer, the defendant to have treble cofts.

Bankrupts XXII. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority not obtaining aforefaid. That no person againft whom a commifiion of bank-certificates, rupt hath been awarded and iffued out, and who hath not already obtained his certificate, and difcharge of his debts, in . purluance of, and in fuch manntfr, as is direded by fome or one of the ads of parliament now in force, relating to or concerning bankrupts, or shall not obtain fuch certificate and difcharge before fuch time as he shall be brought before the juftices of the peace, at their general or quarter feflions held as aforefaid, in order to be difcharged in purfuance of this ad, shall nefitedb 'this ^ave or rece,ve any benefit or advantage of or under this ad,

, y 1 nor be deemed to be within the meaning thereof.

XXIII.	Provided always, That nothing in this ad contained Attomies, &c. (ball extend, or be conftrued to extend, to releafe or difcharge any attorney at law or folicitor, or any other person or persons money, not to a&ing of pretending to ad as fuch, with regard to any debt be benefited, with which he or they shall (land charged for any money or other effeds recovered and received by him or them, for the ufe of any person or persons, bodies corporate or politick, and by any attorney, folicitor or other person or persons ading as fuch, embezzeled, concealed or converted to his or their own ufe; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

Not to extend XXIV. Provided always. That this ad shall not extend to to Scotland, that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Gaoler to XXV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, permit per- That every (heriff, gaoler or keeper of any prifon, (hall, and fons to/peak is hereby required to fuffer, in the day-time, any person or with prifoners pCrfons defiring the fame, to fee and fpeak in the lodge, or fome forted^Vthe conven*ent room of the faid prifon, with any prifoner or pri-lfft or Ga* foners, whofe names arc inferted in the afore-mentioned lift or zette j	.	lifts

 v^,ooQle

*755*] Anno vicesimo o&avo Georgii II. c. 13.	261

Ms or London Gazette, or cither of them, or any persons fur-rendering themfelves purfuant to this ad; and alfo fee, in the md to fee true and genuine books of the faid prifon, the entries made of tbe books of the name or names of fuch prifoner or pri Toners, together with entnes, the name or names of the person or persons at whofe fuit or fuits he, (he or they are detained; and if any fuch fheriff, gaoler or keeper, shall negled or refufe to comply with what is here a-bove required, (uch (heriff, gaoler or keeper, shall forfeit and on penalty of pay to the person fo refufed and aggrieved the sum of forty 40I. See. pounds, over and above all the penalties provided by any other former law now in being, to be recovered with cofts of fuit, by adion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of the courts of Wefiminjier, wherein no efloin, pro ted ion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That if any prifoner, being thereunto required by any creditor, abode!&L of shall refufe to difeover and declare the trade or occupation and the person at habitation, or laft place of abode, of the person or persons at whole fuit he whofe fuit he or (he are detained; or being called for, (hall, with- ^^omin^’to out reafonable caufe, refufe to come to the lodge of the prifon [^ecreditor ° where he or (he is detained; every fuch prifoner (hall, upon proof thereof before the juftices at the general or quarter feflions held as aforefaid, be incapable of receiving any benefit by this not to be be. ad; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any nefited. wife notwithftanding.

XXVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Gaoler mak-That if any (heriff, gaoler or keeper of any prifon or prifons, |nS e"“ ^ shall make or caufe to be made, any falfe entries in any book

or books belonging to the faid prifon, or shall prepare or keep, &c. * or caufe to be prepared and kept, any falfe books, in order for fuch falfe entries, fuch (heriff, gaoler or keeper, (hall, over and above the penalties which may be inflided for fuch fraud, forgery or corruption, forfeit and pay the sum of one thousand pounds, to be recovered, with treble cofts of fuit, by and iii the name of any person or persons to whofe prejudice fuch falfe entries shall in any wife tend, by adion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminjier, wherein no effoin, protedion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XXVIII.	Provided also, and be it enaded by the authority Petitioner to aforefaid. That all and every prifoner and prifoners petitioning {^YutTices a to be difeharged by this ad, (hall, at the time of fuch petition- copy 0t the ing, leave with the justice or juftices petitioned, a true copy of fchcdule. the fchedule, containing his or her intended difeovery, to be

fworn unto at the general or quarter feflions aforefaid; which copies shall be tranfmited to the refpedive clerks of the peace, and there to be feen, without fee or reward, by any creditor defiring the fame.

XXIX.	And whereas there is hut one common or county gaol for each of tbe refpeftive counties of York and Lincoln, which Jaid counties are each of them divided into three several ridings or divi-

S 3	ftons,

Juftlces for Com' York and Lincoln to meet at

difeharge of prjfoncr*.

Perfons con-

262	Anno	vicesimo o6hvo Georgii II. C.13.	[	f755.

/tons, all which have several commijjions of the peace; and if the gaoler of thofe gaols be obliged to carry the debtors prifoners tbereiny to the quarter fefftons of eQcb riding or divifion, the fame'will be a very great charge, not only to fuch gaolersy but alfo to the prifoners^ in thofe large counties: be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it shall and may be lawful for two or more ju-ftices of the peace for each of the faid ridings and divifions, in meet ac t*ie*r refpe6tive counties, at the common or county gaol thereof their refpefl:- Yefpe6lively, to affemble and meet, and to hold feflion there by ive gaols for adjournment from their refpe&ive quarter-fefiions, from time to time, for the difeharge of their refpedlive prifoners therein, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of this act.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all debtors and others, who were in prifon on or before fined for fees, the faid firft day of January one thousand (even hundred and

mands^of *the ^ve* ’n ^cvera^ ga°h °f this kingdom, for want of pay-gaoler. &c. ing their fees, rents, charges or any other demands, due to the to be difeharg- keeper or gaoler of any prifon refpectively, or to any other of-cd.	ficer (and upon no other account) shall be difeharged, he, (he or

they, taking the oath by this *61 required to be taken by prifoners. Debtors to the XXXI. Provided always, That this a6k shall not extend to crown except difeharge any person out of prifon, feeking his or her difeharge ed;	under tins a6f, with refpe6f to any debt with which he or (he

and pr^0£*rs shall (land charged at the fuit of the crown, or shall be indebt-5ool°to oneVC ec* to any body politick or corporate, or to any one perfon, in perfon, unlefs any fum exceeding the sum of five hundred pounds, befides in-“ J!	tereft and cofts, unlefs fuch body politick or corporate or credit-

or, shall confent thereto; and if any fuch body politick or corporate or creditor, to whom a fum exceeding five hundred pounds shall be owing, shall oppofe the difeharge of fuch pri-

creditor confent.

Creditor op. pofing the difeharge, to

allow prifoner (oner, and shall infill that fuch prifoner be continued in gaol;

3s. 6d. per week.

that then, and in fuch cafe, fuch body politick or corporate or creditor or creditors, oppofing the faid prifoneris difeharge ag aforefaid, (hall, at his, her or their proper cofts and charges, allow and pay fuch a weekly maintenance to the faid prifoner, not exceeding three (hillings and fix pence per week, in fuch manner as the faid juftices in their general or quarter (eflions shall order; and upon non-payment of the fame for the fpacc ment.priloner of fix weeks, the faid prifoner, upon application to the faid ju-to be dif-	ftices jn their general or quarter feflions held as aforefaid, (hall

be difeharged purfuant to the intent and meaning of'this a6t.

XXXII.	Provided also, That every person and persons, in-, titled or to be intitled to the benefit of this a6t, shall obtain their refpe6tive difeharges on or before the thirty firft day of March one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, or to be for ever excluded from all benefit thereof.

XXXIII.	And whereas several persons who were confined in prifon on the faid firfi day of January one thousand feven hundred and fifty fivey may have been removed to fome other prifony by procefs of

P”* law \ be it ena6Ied, That the gaoler of the prifon wherein any reilwved kS- fuch Pr‘foner was confined on the faid firfi day of Jamarj one

tfiOUr

On nonpay-

charged.

No difeharget to be obtained alter \\ March 1757.



1755.] Anno vicesimo o&avo Georgii II. c. 13.	263

thoufand feven hundred and fifty five, shall make affidavit of . fuch confinement, and shall tranfmit fuch affidavit, to be atteft- caitod^he cd on oath, to the feffions where fuch prifoner may claim to be wasoif i jan. difeharged ; and it shall and may be lawful for the juftices of to make arfi-* the peace, at fuch feffions as aforefaid, upon fuch oath as afore- davit of his faid, and upon fuch prifoner’s performing all other matters re- couhnement. quired in this aft, to difeharge fuch prifoner.

XXXIV.	And whereas the prifons of the Fleet and King’s Bench, being the prifons of and belonging to the fuperior courts, and for the moft part containing fuch prifoners as brought themfelves, thither by Habeas Corpus from other prifons, or have fur rendered themfelves

into cujlody in difeharge of their bail, which could not be done with- Prifoners in out their own content or procurement: be it therefore ena&ed by the the fleet or authority aforefaid, That every person fq coming to either of thofe £mCs ,bencl1 prifons, whether by Habeas Corpus or voluntary furrender in corpiwnotto difeharge of bail, and being qualified to take the benefit of this fwe/r that it a6t in all refpe&s, according to the true intent and meaning was without thereof, shall be difeharged, or intitled to any other benefits a- their procure* riling thereby, on taking the oath that is herein preferibed for mcnt* each prifoner to take, omitting only the words [without my con-fent or procurement] and with refpedl to their being a prifoner or prifoners, in either of faid prifons above-mentioned only; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXV.	And whereas it may happen, that feveralperfons, who may claim and be intitled to the benefit of this aft, are feifed of an ejlate tail in fome freehold or copyhold lands, tenements or hereditaments ; which entail, with the remainders thereupon expeftant, they have by law power to defeat and bar, either by levying a fine or fines, fuffering a common recovery or common recoveries, or by furrender or furrenders thereof; and thereby fuch persons faid freehold or copy-hold lands, tenements or hereditaments, Jball be liable to the payment

of their debts, and be delivered up according to the terms of this aft, pr*poners for the benefit of their creditors: be it therefore enadted by the au- ec/0f eftate®-thority aforefaid, That in every fuch cafe, fuch person or per- tail, &c. to Ions fo feifed as aforefaid, and who shall be intitled to, and claim deliver up the the benefit of this a<ft, (hall, to all intents and purposes what- f*me to credi" foever in law, be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby de- n* dared to be feifed of fuch lands, tenements and hereditaments, in fee-fimple ; and the fame shall be delivered up to the creditor or creditors, in the fame manner as if fuch person or persons had aftually levied a fine, fuffered a common recovery or recoveries, or made a furrender or furrenders thereof, and thereby had become feifed in fee-fimple; any law or conftru&ion of law, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XXxVI. And whereas many prifoners who may be intitled to, and claim the benefit of this aft, have been great dealers, or otherwife engaged in large tranfaftions, whereby they may be intitled to fundry and great debts and demands of various and intricate natures-, and they may be intitled to equities of redemption of efiates fub-jeft and liable to mortgages, judgments or other incumbrances, or to reverfions, remainders on other contingent efiates in lands, tenements or

S 4	here-



264	Anno	vicefimo	oftavo	Georgii	II#	c. 13.	[1755.

hereditaments> or to other trujls or interejis in efiates, both real and perfonal, which may not be Jufficiently defcribed or difcovered in the Jchedule or inventory before dire fled to be delivered in upon oath by the prifoner to be difcharged as afore [aid, or which may want his aid or aJMance to adjujl, make out, recover or manage, for the benefit of the creditors: be it therefore provided and enaaed by the authority aforefaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the refpedUve aflignees of the estate and effects of fuch prifoner

Aflignees of priloners difcharged, may

Juftices to 1’ummon and examine prifoner thereon,

Prifoner re-

apply for fur- or prifoners, who shall obtain his, her or their difeharge in purser discovery fuance of this a<ft, or any other person or persons duly autho-ot his effe&s, rized by them for that purp0fe, from time to time, to apply to c#	any two or more of the juftices of the peace for the county,

riding, divifion, city, town or liberty, where fuch prifoner or prifoners shall be then refiding, thereby defiring, that fuch prifoner or prifoners may be further examined as to any matters or things relating to his, her or their estate or effe&s ; whereupon fuch juftices shall fend for or call before them, fuch prifoner or prifoners, by fuch warrant, fummons, ways or means, as they shall think fit; and, upon fuch prifoners appearing, shall examine him, her or them, as well upon oath as otherwife, as to fuch matters and things as fuch aflignee shall defire, relating to the estate or effects of fuch prifoner or prifoners; and if any prifoner or prifoners (on payment, or tender of payment, of fuch Sfcove^to C reaf°nable charges as fuch juftices shall judge fufticient) shall be committed, neglecft or refufe to come and appear, not having a lawful ex-cufe, to be made known to fuch juftices, and by them allowed; or being come before them, shall refufe to be (worn, or to an-fwer to all fuch queftions as by fuch juftices shall be put to him, her or them, relating to the discovery of his, her or their estate or effetfts, fo vefted or intended to be vefted in fuch clerk of the peace, or in fuch aflignees as aforefaid ; that then it shall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftices, by warrant under their '	hands and feals, to apprehend fuch prifoner or prifoners fo of-

fending as aforefaid, and him, her or them, to commit to the county gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until fuch time as he, (he or they shall fubmit him, her or them-felves, to fuch juftices, and anfwer, upon oath, to all fuch queftions as (hall, by fuch juftices, be put to him, her or them, for the purposes aforefaid.

Difcoverer of	XXXVII. And be it further enabled by the authority afore-

dehtor'seftate,	That all and every fuch person and persons, who (hall,

&c. not com- within twelve months after the difeharge of fuch prifoner or prized in the prifoners, voluntarily come in, and make a discovery of any f. hedule, to part 0f fuch debtor or debtors real or perfonal estate as shall not per be comprized in fuch fchedule as aforefaid, before any fuch juftices aforefaid, shall be allowed after the rate of twenty pounds per centum, out of the net produce of fuch debtor or debtors eftate, which shall be recovered on fuch difeovery; and which shall be paid fuch person or persons fo difeovering the fame, by the creditor or creditors who shall receive, or be intitled to any benefit and advantage by fuch difeovery.

XXXVIII. Pro-

have aol cent.



*755'] Anno vicesimo oftavo Georgii II. c. 13.	265

XXXVm. Provided always, and be it enabled, That not-withftanding the difeharge of any prifoner or prifoners, by vir- ^in^fSudu-tue of this aft, if it shall hereafter appear the fame was obtain- jeAtly, void.U~ cd fraudulently, the fame shall be void and of none effeft.

XXXIX. And whereas several perfom who are prifoners for debt choose rather to continue in prifony and fpend their Jubfiance there^ than difeover and deliver up to their creditors their ejlates or effefts, in crC(jitor may order to the fatisfaftion of their juft debts; be it enafted by the compel a pri-authority aforefaid, That it shall and may be lawful to or for foneriodehver anyone or more of the creditors of any prifoner committed since the firft day of January one thousand feven hundred and of his €ffeCts* forty feven, at whofe fuit he or (he was detained in prifon upon the faid firft day of January one thousand feven hundred and fifty five, upon twenty days notice in writing to be given to fuch prifoner, and the person in whofe cuftody he or (he is, to require the (heriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of the prifon wherein fuch prifoner is detained, to bring fuch prifoner before the juftices, at their next general or quarter feflions of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, for the refpeftive county, riding, divifion, city, town or liberty, together with a copy or copies of the caufe or caufes of his or her detainer; and fuch prifoner coming before fuch juftices, at their faid general or quarter feflions held as aforefaid, shall at the defire of any one or more of his or her creditors, at whofe fuit he or (he appears to be detained, be obliged to deliver in upon oath, and fubferibe the like fchedule of his or her estate or effefts, to be vefted, af-figned and equally divided, for the benefit of his or ber creditors, in like manner as p£rfons defiring to take the benefit of this aft are required to do, fubjeft to the fame penalty of being adjudged a felon, and differing as fuch, without benefit of clergy, on conviftion of wilful perjury therein, as the faid other prifoners are hereby fubjefted to; and shall upon fuch difeovery, prjfoncrmak. to the fatisfaftion of the faid juftices, in their faid general or jng discovery quarter feflions held a9 aforefaid, or the major part of them, be to be dif-difeharged and fet at liberty, in the fame manner, and with the charged\ fame benefit of making ufe of their difeharge, as is hereby provided for prifoners feeking their difeharge under this aft; and On refukl to if any fuch prifoners, fo brought up as aforefaid, shall negleft or refufe to deliver in and fubferibe fuch fchedule within forty a°felon. days, he, (he or they fo neglefting or refufing, (hall, upon conviftion thereof, be adjudged guiltv of felony, and shall fuffer death as a felon, without benefit ot clergy.

XL. Provided always. That the creditors who intend to com- Notice there-pel fuch prifoners to deliver in any fuch fchedule of their estate °*to be given, and effefts, do give publick notice thereof in the London Gazette, cr^itoremar twenty days at lead before the faid general or quarter feflions held come in. J as aforefaid, to the end the other creditors of fuch prifoners may be apprized thereof, and come in for their diftributive (hare, which thev are hereby impowered to do, in like manner, as is provided for the creditors of persons feeking their difeharge under this aft.

XLI. And



266	Anno	viccfimo odavo Georgii II. c. 13;	[1755:

XLI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the oath to be taken by the prifoner, delivering in any fchedule, at the defire of any one or more of his or her creditors, according to the provifion hereby made for that purpofe, shall be in the words following; that is to fay,

Oath to be T vPon corPora^ oath 171 Preface of Almighty God, made by pri- ^ famrth faear, proteft, and declare, That the fchedule now foner com- " delivered, and by me fubferibeddoth contain, to the beji of know-pelled to give ledge, remembrance and belief, a full, juft, true and perfeft account fuch fche- and discovery of all the goods, effefts and eftate, real and perfonal, ** c*	either	in	poffefjion,	reverfion,	remainder, or in truft for me, or for

my benefit or advantage, unto me in any wife belonging or appertaining ; and fetch debts as are to me owing, or to any person or perfas in truft for me; and of all the fecurities and contrafts, whereby any money now isy or will or may hereafter become payable, or any benefit or advantage accrue to me, or to my ufe, or to any person or persons in truft for me, and the names and places of abode of the several perfas from whom fetch debts are due and owing, and of the wit-nejfits that can prove fuch debts or contrafts \ and neither I, nor any person or persons in truft for me, have lands, money, flock or any ejlate, real or perfonal, in pojfejjion, reverfion or remainder, other than what art in the faid fchedule contained, except wearing apparel, bedding for myfelf and family, working tools, and necejfary implements for my occupation and calling, and thefe in the whole not exceeding the value of ten pounds; and that I have not nor any body for m§, dire ft ly or indireftly fold, lejfencd or otherwife conveyed, dtjpofei of in truft, or concealed, all or any part of my lands, money, goods, chattels, flock, debts, fecurities, contrafts or ejlates real or perfonal, whereby to ficure the fame, to receive or expeft any profit or advantage thereof, to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors to whom I

am indebted, in any wife howfoever.

So help me G O D.

Such prifoners liable alfo to be examined, &c.

Aflignees may compound with persons indebted to prifoner.

And fuch prifoner shall be obliged to undergo the like examination, on the application of the affignee or aflignees of his or her estate or effefts, as prifoners feeking their difcharge are by this present aft required to undergo, and fubjeft to the like commitment for refuting to appear, or anfwer upon oath, as before is provided for the faid other prifoners.

XLII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That any affignee or aflignees, to whom by virtue of this or any former aft of parliament made for relief of infolvent debtors, the estate or effefts of any prifoner or prifoners hath been or shall be affigned, is and are hereby impowered by and with the confent of the major part in value of fuch prifoner or prifoners creditors, wfm shall be present at a meeting to be had for that purpofe, of which twenty one days publick notice shall be pre-vioufly given in two London Gazettes, to make competition with any person or persons, debtors or accountants to fuch prifoner or prifoners, where the fame shall appear ncceflary or reafonable,

and



ly55.] Anno viccfimo o£UvoGeorgii II. c. 13.	267

and to take fuch reafonablc part as can upon fiich compofition be gotten, in fill] difcharge of fuch debts and accounts; and Different alfo to fubmit any difference or difpute between fuch aflignee or relating there-aflignees, and any person or persons whatfocver, for or on ac- j° m*y.^cbdc" count, or by reafon or means, of any matter, caufr or thing, ^bSSateiZ relating to fuch prifoner or prisoners estate or effects, or to any debt or debts due or claimed to be due to or from fuch prifoner or prifoners, to the final end and determination of arbitrator to be chofen by the faid aflignee or aflignees and the major part in value of fuch creditors, and the party or parties with whom they shall hove fuch difference, and to perform the award of fuch arbitrators, or otherwife to fettle and agree the matters in difference and difpute between them, in fuch manner as the faid aflignee or aflignees, with fuch confent as aforefaid, shall think fit, and can agree; and the fame shall be binding to all the creditors of fuch prifoner or prifoners ; and the faid aflignees are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do, according to the direction aforefaid.

XLIII. And, to the intent and purpofe that the estate and effefts of fuch prifoner or prifoners as shall be difeharged by virtue of this aft, may be truly and faithfully applied for the benefit of his, her or their real creditors; be it enafted by the Creditor * authority aforefaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the refpeftive courts at Wijlminfter^ from whence any procefs if- bf removed fuc3, upon which fuch prifoner or prifoners was or were com- for mfufficicn-mitted, whofe effefts are fo affigned, or where the procefs iflued °Y °r nutbe-out of any other court, to and for the judges of the couft of baviour»

King’s Bench^ Common Pleas and Exchequer^ or any one of them, from time to time, upon the petition of any creditor or creditors of fuch prifoner or prifoners, complaining of any infufficiency, fraud, mifmanagement or other mifbehaviour, of all or any of the aflignees to whom the estate or effefts of fuch prifoner or prifoners shall be afsigned by fuch clerk of the peace as aforefaid, upon hearing the parties concerned therein, to make and give fuch orders and direftions therein, either for the removal or difpiacing fuch afsignee or afsignee^ and the appointing any and new ones new afsignee or afsignees, in the piafce or ftead or fuch afsignee appointed, or afsignees fo to be removed or difplaced, or for the prudent, juft or equitable management or diftribution of the faid estate and effefts for the benefit of the refpeftive creditors, as the faid courts or judges refpeftively shall think fit; and in cafe of the removal or difpiacing of any aflignee or aflignees, and the appointing of any fuch new aflignee or aflignees, the estate or effefts of fuch prifoner or prifoners shall from thenceforth be di-vefted out of the aflignee or aflignees fo removed or difplaced, and be vefted in and delivered over to fuch new aflignee or af-fignees, in the fame manner, and for the fame intents and pur-pofes, as the fame were before vefted in the aflignee or af-fignees as aforefaid; any thii^ in this aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding,

XUV. Pr»-





268

Where mutual credit has been given the balance to be , ftated.

This aft not to extend to Benjamin Thomas and Richard Bed-does.

JulKces may call the (aid prifoners before them 3

and examine into the value of their citate and effefts.

and levy the debt by warrant of dif-trefs,

and aflign over their real eftate, till payment. Prifoners thereupon to be difenarged.

Prifoners of courts of con-fcience, to have the benefit of this aft.

Anno viedimo oftavo Georgii II. c. 13.	[1755.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That in all and every cafe or cafes, where mutual credit hath been given between any prifoner or prifoners to be difeharged in purfuance of this aft:, and any other person or per-fons, or body politick or corporate, before the delivery of fuch fchedule or inventory of the estate and effefts of fuch prifoner or prifoners upon oath as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe, the refpeftive aflignees of fuch prifoner or prifoners shall and have hereby power on their part, to date and allow an account between them, and nothing more shall be deemed to be vefted in fuch clerk of the peace, or fuch aflignees, as the estate or effefts of fuch prifoner or prifoners, than what shall appear to be due to him, her or them refpeftively, for the balance of fuch account when truly ftated.

XLV. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That nothing in this aft contained shall extend, or be conftrued to extend to Benjamin Thomas and Richard Bed-does, two of the people called Shakers^ now prifoners in the common gaol of the county of SaTop9 at the fuit of Joyce Smith, executrix of the laft will and teftament of Thomas Smith clerk, deceafed, for tythes, or either of them, fo as to oblige the faid Benjamin Thomas and Richard Beddoes, to deliver in and fubferibe a fchedule of their refpeftive eftates and effefts; but it shall and may be lawful for the jufticesof the peace of the faid county ,upon application made by the faid Joyce Smith, or by any person or persons for or on behalf of the laid Benjamin Thomas or Richard Beddoes, to caufe the faid prifoners refpeftively to be brought before them at their next general quarter feflions of the peace, together with a copy or copies of their detainer, and to examine into the value of the estate and effefts of the faid prifoners, by the oath of one or more witnefs or witnefles, and to ifliie a warrant under their hands and feals, or the hands and feals of any two or more ot them, thereby direfting and requiring the refpeftive fums due from them the faid prifoners refpeftively, to the faid Joyce Smith, and for which they are refpeftively charged and detained in the faid prifon, to be levied upon their refpeftive goods and chatties; and if the goods and chatties of the faid prifoners refpeftively shall not be found fufHcient, then the teal eftates of the faid prifoners refpeftively (if any fuch there be) shall by the faid juftices be afligned over to the faid Joyce Smith, till fuch time as the faid debts shall be refpeftively paid; and the faid prifoners (hall, upon their appearance refpeftively before the faid juftices, and the faid debts clue to the faid Joyce Smith being refpeftively paid, be refpeftively difeharged from their imprisonment, as to the faid debt or debts.

XLV I. And whereas great numbers of poor people have been and are now imprisoned for debt, upon proceffes ijfuing out of courts of cbnfcience: it is hereby enafted and declared, That all fuch prifoners shall be intitled to have the benefit of this aft, and be difeharged hereby, provided he, ihe or they, conform to the directions herein before preferibed.

XLVII.

 L.ooq le

1755-3 Anno vicesimo oftavo Georgii II. c. 14.	269

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Quaker’s affir-That in all cafes wherein by this ad an oath is required, the fo- ra?tlon.t0 be lemn affirmation of any person being a Quaker, shall and may ** be accepted and taken in lieu thereof^ and every person making fuch affirmation, who shall be convided of wilful and falfe affirming, shall incur and fuffer fuch and the fame penalties as are inffided and impofed by this ad, upon persons convided of wilful and corrupt perjury.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enaded by the autho- Perfons who rity aforefaid, That no person who took the benefit of an ad took the bene-palTed in the twenty firft year of his present Majesty’s reign, in- fit tituled. An ail for the relief of infohent debtors, shall have or re- eluded!* ceive any benefit or advantage of or under this ad, nor be deemed to be within the meaning thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XIV.

An ail for further explaining, amending and rendering more effeilual, an ail made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the encouragement of the Britifh white herring fifhery •, and for giving further encouragement for the carrying on the faid fifhery •, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an ail made in the twenty third year of the r

reign of his present Majejly, intituled, An act for the en- 43	*	**

couragement of the Britifh white herring fifhery, after impow-ering his Majejly, his heirs and fucceffors, by letters patent under the great feal of Great Britain, to incorporate fundry persons in the faid ail named, and fuch other bodies and persons as in the faid ail are mentioned, to be one body politick and corporate, by the name of The fociety of the free Britifh fifhery, for the purpofe of carrying on and improving the Britifh white herring fifheries, and to impower the faidfociety, by a voluntary fubfeription, to raise thefum of five hundredthoufand pounds, to be the capital flock of the faid fociety; it is9 amongfl other things enabled, That for an encouragement to fuch persons as should become fubferibers to the flock for carrying on the faid fifheries, that the sum of three pounds by the year for each hundred pounds which should be ailually employed in the faid fifhery, and pro-portionably for any greater or leffer fum, should be paid to the proprietors of the faid flock, for and during the fpace of fourteen years from the date of their charter, out of the cufloms, by the receiver general of his Majejly s cufloms, by equal half-yearly payments, provided that the faid fociety should employ the sum of one hundred thousand pounds, at leafl, in the faid fifheries, within the fpace of eighteen months after the date offuch fubfeription; and it is, by the faid ail, enabled,

That no transfer should be made of any of the flock or Jhare of or in the faid five hundred thousand pounds, for the fpace offive years from the date of the faid charter, but that the fame should be abfolutely void to all intents and purposes whatfoever \ provided that it fhould

be



Anno vicesimo o&avo Georgii II. c, 14.	[175^.

be lawful for the executors, and aiminijlrators, or devifees, of any person or persons who Jhould happen to die pojfeffed of or interefted in, any fuch flock or. Jhare of or in the faid five hundred thousand pounds, and alfo for the afjignees under any commiffion of bankrupts, to trarf-fer fuch flock or flares, and difpofe of the produce thereof in fuch manner, as they might by law difpofe of any other effefts of fuch teftator, inteflate, or bankrupt; and as a further encouragement to all persons to engage in the faid white herring fi/heries, a bounty of thirty findings per ton is by the faid aft given and made payable as therein mentioned, to the owner or owners of all decked veffels, from twenty to eighty tons burthen, which Jhould be built after the commencement of the faid aft, for the ufe of the faid fifheries, whether by the fatd fociety, or any other person or persons, in manner, and under the regulations, and upon fuch conditions, as in the faid aft are after-mentioned, fuch bounty to be paid yearly, during the fpace offourteen years from the commencement of the faid aft, and no longer, upon conforming to the regulations of the fatd aft: and whereas, amongfi other qualifications by the faid aft made necejfary for obtaining a licence and authority for buffes or veffels to proceed on the faid fifhery, oath is to be made by fuch persons as in the laid aft mentioned, that fuch buffes or veffels Jhall proceed either to Brafley Sound in Shetland, and be at the rendezvous of the faid fifhery there, on or before the eleventh day of June, and Jhall not fboot. or wet their nets before the thirteenth day of the faid month of June, and Jhall continue following and fifinng amongfi the Jhoals of herrings at they move foutb-ward, to the firjl day of Odtober; or Jhall proceed to Campbell Town in Argylefhirc, and be at the rendezvous of the faid fifheries on or before the firjl day of September, and Jhall continue fifhing a-tootig the Jhoals of herrings as they move, to the thirty prfi day of December, unlefs they Jhall have fooner completed their loading of fifh, and that on the return of fuch veffel into any port of Great Britain for her difcharge, oath Jhall be made by the mafier offuch veffel, that fuch veffel was at one of the places beforementioned, at the time appointed by the faid aft, and had not since been on any other voyage, or purfued any other defign or view of profit, and that they did remain fifhing according to the direftion of the faid aft: and whereas by another aft made in the twenty fixth year ofthe reign of his faid Ma-jejly, intituled. An adt to explain, amend and render more effectual, an act made in the twenty third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act for the encouragement of the Bri-tifh white herring fifl)ery\ and for regulating the faid fifhery according to the calendar now in ufe; and for other purposes therein mentioned; it is enabled. That the oath and oaths by the faid firfi-mentioned aft required to be taken with refpeft to the days thereby appointed for the rendezvous of the faid fociety s buffes or veffels, and for the commencement and duration of the faid fifheries, Jhould be varied and made conformable to the calendar then and now in ufe in thefe kingdoms \ that is to fay, That the oath to be made in order to the procuring a licence to proceed on the faid fifhery, Jhould import that it is the firm purpofe and determined refolution of the persons making fuch oath, that the bufs or veffel applying for licence and authority

2;i

*755*] Anno vipefimo oftavo Georgii IL c. 14.

thority to proceed on the /aid fijhery, /bould proceed either to Brafley Sound in Shetland, and be at the rendezvous of the Jaid fijhery there, on or before the twenty second day of June, and Jbould continue fijb-ing as in the faid aft mentioned, to the twelfth day of October, or Jbould proceed to Campbell Town in Argylefliire, and be at the ren-dezvous of the faid fijberies on or before the twelfth day of September, and Jbould continue fijbing to the eleventh day of January, unlefs they Jbould have fooner completed their loading of fijb; and that the oath by the faid firft-mentioned aft required to be made by the refpec-tive majlers of the faid bujfes or vejfels, at their return into port, for their difcharge, might and Jbould from the commencement of the faid loft mentioned aft, be varied and made conformable to the alterations thereby made in rejpeft of fucb several days of rendezvous: and whereas purfuant .to the powers by the faid firJl-mentioned aft given to his faid Majejly, a fociety by the n^pie of The fociety of the free Bri-tijb ftfhery, hath been incorporated Vy charter, bearing date the eleventh day of O&ober one thousand feven hundred and fifty, and a very confiderable fum of money hath been fubfcribed and paid in towards carrying on the purposes of the faid aft and charter, in which the faid Jociety did aftually expend and employ, within eighteen months from the date of their fubfcription, the sum of one hundred and four thousand Jive hundred and nine pounds, ana the faid fociety have accordingly, in purfuance of the faid two several afts herein before recited, received of the commijftoners of his Maiefly's cujloms, intereji for the faid fum of one hundred and four thousand Jive hundred and nine pounds, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, for two years, computed from the faid eleventh day of O&ober one thousand feven hundred and fifty, oldfile, being the date of the faid fociety's charter, to the twenty second day of October one thousand feven hundred and fifty two, new Rile: and whereas since the faid twenty second day of October one thousand feven hundred and fifty two, the faid fociety have expended and employed in the faid fijhery a further fum of money, over and beftde the faid fum of one hundred and four thousand five hundred and nine pounds: ana whereas it is conceived that it would be for the benefit and advantage of the faid fociety to be impowered to let out to hire to any terfon or persons any of the bujfes now belonging, or hereafter to belong to the faid fociety, to be employed only in the find fijberies, and alfo for the faid fociety, and fuch perfim or persons to whom fuch bujfes may be fo let out to hire, to be at liberty to follow the faid white herring fijhery in any part of the Britifli Seas : and whereas fame doubts have arijen touching the validity of the payment of the intereji of three pounds per centum per annum, fo made to the faid fociety on the faid fum of one hundred and four thousand Jive hundred and nine pounds, to the faid twenty second day of October one thousand feven hundred ana fifty two; and alfo touching the times from whence the computation of the intereji accrued, due or hereafter to grow due, to thefaid fociety, from thefaid twenty second day of Oftober one thousand feven hundred and fifly-two, ought to be made: therefore, for putting an end to all rach doubts, and for giving further encouragement to the carrying on the faid fi(hcrie$; be it enabled and declared, and it is hereby





Anno vicesimo o£Bvo GeorgiI II. C. 14;	[1755.

by enafted and dedardhby the King’s moft excellent Ofrajefty, by and with the advic^aftd content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons-in'this present parliament aflfcmbte^ The payment and by the authority oftfce fame, That the payment-oTtbirin** made to the tereft of three pounds ter centum per annum, made by the cOltr-vear’^intereft miflioners of his Majesty’s cuftoms, to the faid fociety on the* on the sum of faid fum of one hundred and four thousand five hundred and 104.,5091. ap- nine pounds, and computed from the eleventh day oft?filter proved and one thousand feven hundred and fifty, to the twenty fecotwf d*y continued. of October one thousand feven hundred and fifty two* <hall %e deemed a good and valid payment, within the true <fritent "and meaning of the faid ad herelng firft recited ; and that-fhe kkl fociety shall not be liable to any dedu&iori from or it-imbur/e-ment of the fum fo paid to them for imereft asaforefaid,©ran)r Futureintereft Parl thereof; and that all future iotereft on the faid fum of oYre to be compu- hundred and four thousand fivd hundred and nine pounds^hali ted from be computed and paid from the faid twenty second dayof<J£j*-October 1751. ^ 0ne thousand feven hundred and fifty two.

Futureinteretl H. And be it further enacted and declared by* the authority of additional aforefaid, That all future computations of intereft, payable » fums to be the faid fociety by virtue -of or under the faid ad herein firft outlie**aayS rcc**ec^ *n	of *any additional fums already paid * in^ od

ments into the hereafter to be paid irr, over and above the faid Aim of one hum* bank.	dred and four thousand five hundred and nine pounds, (halite

made front the refpedive day or days on which each fum refpeoh tively was or shall hereafter, be paid into the.bank of Englandg^e order to be expended or employed in the faid ftfheries. * rp* r \ Cl uf ohi-	And	H further enaded by the authority aforefittd;^"h«t

biting tranf- much of the faid herein firft recited ad, as -directs that saw fers continued transfer of any of the ftock or (bare of or in ithe- fum ofHive for 7 years, hundred thousand pounds, which the faid ibcietyare by tlidttid Exception. a($ jmpowered to raise as a capital ftoak, IfcaU be micteffortflfl fpace of five years, from the date of their ebirrter,4 except'm hlah cafes .as in the (aid ad are mentioned, and, exoepted, faqllbh* continued, and be in force for the further term dfferen yaaotprtMj be computed immediately from and after; *be exphatidntaft tbti faid term of five years.	r -	-	" * x ^ b^fnioq

Allowances of IV. And be it further enaded by the authority afdmfirid,;Tholj 31, per cent, the several allowances Of three pounds per enaumtptixam^tmu and bounty of an(j bounty of thirty /hillings per ton* granted: by -fcbft, fmit continued for a<^s> f°r the refpectiyei terms therein and -herein hef^tiio*in 3 years. oned, thall be continued for the further term of three.

be computed immediately from and after the expirations qfahfc faid refpe&ive terms, for winch the fame were granted fcs afottH faid, and shall be paid and payable for Rich ftisther term of (tap* years to the faid fociety, and to fuch other pejfon or p«j?6ei*§! m . are or may be intituled to the laid allowancesirefpedivjriyii^hjt virtue of or .under the faid ads, in fuch manner, and hy/^k&te perfon’and persons, and out of fuch monies,: as-the now payable by virtue of or under the .laid ac&*:©r eithetfi**; them.	*:: •	^	a^«

6	I;	V.	And

 ^ooQle

17 5$.]	Anna vtetfimo o&tro GtoRGn II. c* 14*	>273

V.	And b$ jt further emufted by the authority aforetod, That Society may it iiwU and may be lawful for the tod fociety, from time to {jjjjj-™1 thcir time, to let out to hire, to any petlbn or persons, any of the D es * bufles belonging or which may hereafter belong lo the tod Society, to be ufed and employed in the tod fisheries only, under Subject to like and fubjeft to filch regulation* and rcftriftions, as the laid foci- regulations, ety would be liable and fubjeft unto, in cafe fuch bufles fb let

oat, were immediately under the direction and employment of the laid fociety > and alfo that it shall and may be lawful for the Fithery may tod fociety, and for fuch person or persons to whom any of be followed in their bufles may be fo let out to hire at afcrelakl, to follow the any part of the tod white herring fifhery in any part of the Britijb feau	na eas‘

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforetod, That Forfeiture for the raid fociety fnall rtot be deemed liable to forfeit or incur a for- bufles act feiture of the laid bounty of thirty (hillings per ton, fo given and rtving-iit the intended by the fald aft herein farft recired, to veflels employed S^vous by** in the faid fisheries, in refpeft of fuch bufles as shall not arrive cmain day, at one of the places in and by the faid afts or either of them ap- taken off * pointed, for the rendezvous of the bufles or veflels to be employed in the tod fifheries, by or on the refpeftive days in and

by the tod herein recked aft of the twenty fixtb year of the reign provided they

of his present Majesty appointed for the rendezvous pf fuch but- ^e rd ,

fes or veflels, provided that filch bufles or vefl&s did really and {*forc the **

bona fide take their departure for fuch refpeftive places of ten- times limited

dezvous, or one of them, at leaft five days before the rtfpe&iv* in 1

days in and by the tod laft mentioned aft named and appointed

for the veflels employed m the tod fifheries to be at fuch refpec-

tivc places of rendezvous, and that fuch bufles or veflels befitted

out in all refpo&s conformable fo the directions and regulations the afts direft!

in the faid two ftvcral recited ads.

VII.	And be k further eaided by the authority afarefakf, The oath to That in all cafes where it shall happen that the bufles of veflfcte bc taken by to be employed in the faid fiftieries (hall, by virtue of the liberty [^frretum and power in and by this present aft given and allowed for that ^b© purpofe, quit and leave the refpeftive ftations at fea, from whence conformable the tod fifhery is ia and by the faid firft herein recked aft ap- to the particu-pohtted to be carried on, in order for the fifhing at other (la- |*r circu,?Tli tkms i and alfo in all cafes where the refpeftive bufles employed vcffdTwith rein the laid fifheries, and taking their departure for fuch refpcc- fpeft to the five places of rendezvous at the refpeftive times herein before time of arri-mentionod, shall not arrive at the faid refpeftive ftations at

Brajfey Sound or Campbell Town, or at Kirkwall, or one of them, on or before the refpeftive days in and by the faid aft of the. twenty fixth year of the reign of his faid Majesty direfted and appointed ; the oath by the faid herein firft recited aft required to be made by the refpeftive matters of fuch bufles or v^flel* aft their return into port for their difeharge, with refpeft to fo much of fuch oath as relates to their having arrived at fuch t&-jpe&ive places of rendezvous, , or one of them, on fuch days as is for that purpofe mentioned and appointed m and by the faid afts, or either of them, and to their having remaintd fifhing

Vol. XXI.	T	according

 L^OOQle

Anno viccfimo ofkavo Georgii II. 0,14.	[1755.

according to the directions of the faid several acfts, oiay and shall from henceforth be varied and made conformable to the particular circumftances attending fuch refoeCtive bufles or veflels To quitting the refpecti ve ftations at Tea, from vohenc£ the faid fi(h-eries are, in and by the faid herein firft recitid adt, directed to be carried on, or either of them, or to thdf not arriving at cither of the faid refpedtive ftations of Brafliy Sound or Campbell Town, or Kirkwall, on or before the refpedtive days in aijd by the faid adt of the twenty fixth year of the reign of his present Majesty appointed for the rendezvous of fuch bufles or veflels; and that fuch oath thall be made and taken by the mafter or other chief officer of fuch bufs or veffel fo returning into port

for a difeharge.	  ‘

In a court of VIII. And whereas by his Maftjlfs faid charter of the eleventh day council when ^Odtoober one tboufand/even hundred and fiftyx the court of tbecoun-prefi^nTand ^	i&	confijl	at	leajl	off even members of the find

vice prefident council, whereof the governor, prefident or vice prefident, is always is abfent, an to be one: and whereas if may frequently happen, that the bufinefi of occaiional pre- fa. fociety may be obflrufied or delayed by the non-attendance in thofcn° bc council af the governor, prefident or vice prefident of the faid fociety;

* be it therefore enadkd by the authority aforefaid. That in the '	' *	abfcncc of the governor, prefident and vice prefident, from any

i meeting ofi the court of the council of the faid fociety, it shall and ;>may be lawful for the members of the faid council then prefent^ being at the lefaft feven in number, to eledt and choojfe lone, of their members then present to prefide for that time in Juch court of council; and that all adls dofce by fuch court of -the council of the faid fociety, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be as good and valid, to all intents and purport#, the fame would have been in cafe the governor, prefident or viccL: prefident, of the faid foeiety, or one of them, had b$en present at fuch court of council.

:IX.: And whereas divers wicked and malidoks perforis have futtfuU . ly damnified, fpoiledand defiroyei, fundrynets, fairs, cordage ff^ges mi other materials, of and'belonging to the faid fociety, to the great prejudice and lojs of the foiiety: therefore for preventing fycH violences and outrages for the future, and for bringing all offers / <krs in the premifles to more fpeedy and exemplary juftic^J ibe pfeiialtytjftr*- it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any pep* ble value for fon or persons shall hereafter wilfully damnify, fpoil or deftroy, deftroyingor without the content of the faid fociety, aiiy of the nets, Taj& nc^^rifore/ ^^S®* A**®5 or other materials, of or belonging to the (aid ©fthefbeiety, focicty, every fuch offender, being thereof lawfully convicted upon the oath or oaths erf two or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before any,*one or mOre juftices of the peace for the county, city, town or place, where fuch offence (h^H be committed, upon any information exhibited, or profecutlon, within fix calendar months after the dflehce committed (which oaths the faid juftices are hereby impowered and required to ad-miniftcr) shall forfeit and pay to the faid fociety treble the value of fuch'nets# fails, cordage, ftores, oj otbtr materials, ft> Sto-*	:	‘	*'*'	nlped.

Digitized

izedbyCjJ1 ‘

1755-1 * Anno vicesimo odtaVo Georgii It.	275

ftified, fpoilcd or deftroyed, to ^>e levied by diftrefs and fale of to be levied by

Sc offenders gqods ana chattels, by warrant or warrants under c hands and feals of any one or more juftices of the peacelac* wthih their refpedive jurifdidions 3 and for want of fufficient por want 0f diftrefs, fu6h juftices shall commit the party or parties offending diftrefs the of. to-the houfe of corrpdion, there to remain, and be kept to tender to be hard labour, for any time not exceeding three months, or un-til fttisfa<$tion shall be made to the faid fociety for the (aid of* fehefe.

* X. And be it further enaded by the authority iforefaid, That CoraraHfion-Tot* preventing any difficulties about afeertaining, getting in, ers of the cuf* Arid receiving all fuch fums of money as shall for the future be- tomstotranf-come due and payable by law, as a duty of fix pence per month ^e^ef the* from all feamen who are or shall be employed in the fervice of duties for the Britijh white herring fiftiery, for the lupport of the royal Greenwich hofpital at Greenwich, the commiflioners for the time being of hofpital, his Majesty’s customs (hall, and they are hereby required, from time to time, after the commencement of this ad, to tranfmit, from the out* or caufe to be tranfmitted, with all convenient fpeed, to the of- ports for ob-. flee of the receiver for the time being of the faid duty in London, taining the A'true arid exad copy of every certificate which (hall, from time ^on,£gcboun. to1 time, after the faid commencement, be tranfmitted to them y* the(faid commiflioners by all or any of the refpedive colledors And comptrollers of the fevcral out-ports in Great Britain, in tfrder tb the faid commiflioners caufing payment to be made of the bounty of thirty (hillings per ton, purluant to the diredions bf Arr'act of parliament made in the twenty third year of his pre-ftritMajefty’s reign, intituled. An act for the encouragement of the *3Geo.i.c.24« BntilK Duhite herring ffiery; and that from and after the faid tbirimc^ncement, it shall not be lawful for the faid commifiion-Tii$ Majesty’s customs to caufe payment to be made of any monies for or on account of the faid bounty of thirty (hillings No payment j&irtbh, to any person or persons whatfoever who fliall be inti- to be made of tlfetf tb demand fuch bounty under or by virtue of the faid laft the bounty, mentioned ad of parliament, unlefs and until he or they who bll certificate lhah bc fo refpedively imitled to make fuch demand, thall have fj^mens duty

Sroduced to the faid commiflioners one or more proper cer- paidtoGreen-& 5pr certificates from the receiver for the time being of the wich hofpitaU fit# duty of fix pencoper month, that all monies due on ac-cttfnk of the fame duty for every feaman employed on board the Vcflfel in tefped of which the faid bounty shall be demanded, birth been fully paid according to the diredions of the several of parliament in that behalf made.

1 •>, .	GAP.	XV.

Aft aft forgranting to his Majesty tbefum of one million, to f,l‘ u /	/	bt reifedby a lottery.

* - Mof greukus Sovereign,

WE your Majesty’s mod dptiful and loyal fubjeds, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, be-*	T	2	ing

 oogle

Anno vicesimo odtavo Gborgii II.

[*755*

ir forces bjr

Ammities granted in refpeft of 9«>,ooel.

to be chargei on the Sinking Fund.

Annuities to carry jl per

jing defirous to enable your Majesty to i fea and land, and to take fuch meafures fofthe lecurity dfypur Majefty's dominions, as iriay be necessary in the promt com-' One miUio jun^ure, have freely and unanimoufiy refolved'tafive fend granted tohisSrant unt0 Majesty for tbefe purpofes, the fom of one Ma jetty,	million, to be raifed m fuch manner and form a$fis Hercdivaf-

ter direfted, and do therefore moft humbly* bdtetb your^criad jefty that it may be enafted ; and belt enafted by the?‘King's mod excellent maiefty, by and with the advice and confentof ebb lords fpirhual ana temporal and commons in this ptefcnt parliament aflfembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the annuities which by this aft shall be granted and made payable in refpeft of the principal fum of nine hundred thousand pounds, part of the principal fum of one million, to be railed in fuch manner and form as herein after is directed, until redemption thereof by parliament* in manner herein after-mentioned, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the monies which shall from time to time arife and be remaining in the receipt of his Majefty's exchequer, of or for the furpltimes, excefles or overplus monies, and other revenues competing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund ; and the feid furpluf-fes, excefles, overplus monies, and other revenues, are iiercby appropriated for that purpofe accordingly.

II. And whereas it is intended that the (aid fum of one tnil-- r - « lion shall be raifed by way of a lottery, in manner herein after-°*mcr * mentioned, be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefeid. That the annuities which shall become due and payable to the contributors to the lottery herein after-mentioned* theft executors, adminiftrators and affigns, at the rate of three pounds flsr centum per annum, in refpeft of the (aid principal Aim f>f nine hundred thousand pounds, part of the (aid principal Aim of one million, in manner herein after in this aft exprefled, (hall

___	commence	and be computed from the fifth day of January

ha“" which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand fovea hun-y	dred and fifty fix, and shall from time to time be paid -half-

yearly, on the fifth day of July, and the fifth day of January by even and equal portions; the firft payment thereof to be due and payable for the half year ended on the fifth day of July one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix.	i

Native* or fo- HI- And be it further enafted by the authority afbrefaid, reigner* who That for or towards railing the (aid fum of one million, ft shall fubferibed, arid may be lawful for the leveral perfons* natives and foreign-anc* k°dies politick or corporate, who before five of the tiontof the dock in the afternoon, of the fifteenth day of April one thou-commons, to fand feven hundred and fifty five, in purfuance of the refolu-pay their con- tjons cf the commons of Great Britain, in parliament afien-thetimeshere- (haH have in hooks opened at the bank of England, for in directed, that purpofe fubferibed and agreed to contribute to the payment of the faid fum of one million, and who (hailhave before that time ejepofited with, or paid to the firft brickie# calhier orcste-ftrs of the governor and company of the bank of England for

to commence from 5 Jan. 1756, and





*77

*755*1 Anno vkefimoo&avo Georgii II, c. 15. the time being, one fifth part of every Ann of ten pounds to be paid for each ticket in thfe (aid lottery, to advance and pay onto thtbfaidcaAueror cafhiers, (who is and are hereby appointed; the receiver and receivers of luch contributions, without any further orathen warrant to be (bed for, had or obtained in that behalf) the*emainder,of the principal fums fo fubfcribed, at or before the refpe«^ive days or rimes, and io the proportions ini this ad limited in that behalf )> that is to fay,, one other fifth part thereof, on or before the fifteenth day of May one thousand fe-ven hundred and fifty five \ one other fifth part thereof, on or before the thirtieth day of June then neat enfuing; one other fifth part thereof, On, or before the thirtieth. day of July then nextienfuing $ and the remaining fifth part thereof, on or ber face the tenth day.of September then neat following ; and that every fitch contributor or adventurer, for every fum of ten poundswhich he or (he shall have fb advanced, shall be entitled to fucb lot or (hare, and shall receive fuch (urn or Anns of mqney, asisor are hereby dire&ed and appointed.

IV,	; Ana. be it further euafted by the authority aforefaid, Cafliier of the That the bid cafhier or cafhiers of the faid governor and com-

pany of the bank of England for the time being, is and are here- m0neypaidin, by authorized .and required forthwith to give receipts in writing, figned by himfelf or themfelvesy to fuch contributor or contributors, for ah Aims of money deposited with, or paid unto, Aidhcafhier and cafhiers, before the pafTing of this a<5f; and alio for fuch other fum and fums of money, as shall after the -paflktg of this adt be advanced or paid to him or them by any fuch contributor or contributors; which receipt shall be **J? (awe to be •mginbkjby endorfement thereupon made.	affignable.

V.	Provided always. That fuch cathier or cafhiers shall give cafhier to fecurifcy to the good hiring of any three or more of the commit give fecurity, fionerS of the treafiury now being, or the high treafurcr, or cow? mkffioBers of the WSafury for the time being, for duly anfwering and.payirig.into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, for the publtsktiie, all thamopies which he or they have already received, byway of deposit, or otherwife, or (Hall hereafter receive,

"from1 time totitnc,ofor for the (aid fum of one million To a^-vantedand contributed, and for accounting duly for the fame, and for performance of the truft# berebyin him or them repof-o&tvand (hall, fraoMimeto rime, fo pay *11 fuch monies as faft asfhoorthey fhallreceWe the fame, or any part thereof, or with- and to «w ia> five days afterwards.**! the fartheft, and shall account for all overttwmo* itiontcs fo advanced:or ,paid to him pr them in bis Majesty’s n*«totheex-oorirt of Exchequer, accetriingto thedue xouriethcreof. •	.	'f

jioyi.f Jndwbertasaj fttbbea* prapffidytbatpuery cantrjbuUrta ' tttij/bid Igtitrjjbauld be 'at-Ebirty t« Jubfoibefar any number aftick-acslmJbefaid lottery, and tbatiu cafe a larger fum than me millitn	■

fleatebtjubfcribtdsvithm	the tennheryip befare banned far Jncbjbb-

fttiptitu, • spraparitanoblt -redufl 'umnpyu fetch excefsJbtulcL, as near ■ a&pafibU, bt modelttt-cf (neb fubftribet's Jbare: aged whereas, in pur-lobucmtepf futb pnpffqlstanuuh largerfyn, than, mg pudien bath bam b	T	3	/«*-

a;8

Anno vicesimo ofitavo G%or<H1 Ih	[17	55;

fubfcribed: now to prevent any Aifpuui which may arife in refpe8t4a the reduction in that cafe intended to be made out of eath fubjcriber?* Jhare ; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaii, Tbafc-it fhaH c mi tod.	k*ful	t°	and for the faid cafhier or cafhiers t*cte-

tcrminc the** tcr*Bine and appoint what number of tickets shall belong to the number of several fubfcribers, fo as in making fuch reduction nof tnaAUm tickets be- be madeof a ticket, and fo as every person febferibing foe Sour longing to tickets, or any lefs number, be allowed one ticketonly*-and-fit) eac u ai • as jt ^ lawful to the faid cafhier or caJhiets to allow twotickets In what pro- to every fubferiber for five, and three to.every fiibferiber for ten* portions the in cafe it be found practicable to allow one ticket in foutftorevery redudlions are fubferiber for fixteen, and upwards; and that fomuch of'every to fie mape. fuch <jCp0gt as (ball exceed one fifth part of the fum to which the (hare of every fuch fubferiber shall be fo limited, (htU be allowed and accepted in further part of the remaining fum which (hall, in confequenc* of fuoh reduction be payable by every fuch fubferiber.	,.

Managers and directors to be appointed by the trtafury. Books tt> be prepared with 3 columns, in each of which 50,000 tickets to be ^rioted. Chances of the tickets in the books of two colamns, to be determined by drawing of the tickets in the books of three columns. Cafhier to giye a ticket for every fum of 10I paid in. Tickets undifpofed of to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up. Other books to be prepared with two columns, in each of which 50,000 tickets to be printed; 2,150 thereof to be fortunate, viz. 1 of io,oooU « of5,oool. 3 of i,oool. i5ofi,oool. 20 of 500I. 99 of 100I. aoioof$o|. to the firft drawn 500I. to the laft 1000. amounting to 162,900!. and 47.850 blank tickets at6l. each. Tickets in the outermoft column!, tobb rolled up, and cut off into a box. Boxes with the tickets to be brought to Guild Hall on O&ober 6, and the drawing /to be then begun. (Tido-ets to be filed as drawn. Prizes to be entered ip a book. When the lottery is drawn, a lift of the prizes to be printed. Difputes to be determined by the managers. Counterfeiting of tickets, certificates, of the numbers of them, shall be adjudged felony. Receivers may take rabney, and give receipts, before they receive the books, and give tickets for thole receipts afterwards. Adventurer not paying his whole confidcrattpn-mq-ney by the times limited, shall lofethe advanced money. Guardians may adventure infants money in the lottery. Perfoni felling (hares in tickets of which they are not poflefM, to forfeit 500I. After the drawing , of the lottery, the tickets to be exchanged for certificates. Accomptint general to give credit for the fums named in the certificates; which .may be transferred, and carry 3 per cent intcrelt.

XXVI.	And for the moreeafy and fure payment of the fevc-ral and refpfcdive annuities payable after the rate of three pounds pereentum per annum, on the faid principal fum of nine hundred thousand pounds, part of the faid principal fum of one million; it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That ib The Sinking much of the monies arifing, from time to time, into the receipt priatedPto°r	the exchequer, of or for the faid furplufles, excefles, overplus

payment of monies, and other revenues, compofidg thefund commonly called the annuities. Thefinking fundy by this a<3 appropriated for this purpofe, as shall be iufficient, from time to time, to anfwer the faid several annuities, and other payments directed to be paid or di(charged oof of the fame, (hall, by order of the commrfsioners of his Majesty’s treasury, or any three or iqore of them now being, or stho, High

treafuref*



1755*3 Am® viccfimooftavo Georgii II. c,“ 15.	279

tteWifirer, or commiftioners of the treasury of his Majesty, his hcirs^f fi^ccflors^for rtie time being, without any further or Other wtttatt toKbe feed for, had or obtained in that behalf, frdmtkm to time,‘art the refpedtive half-yearly days of payment M . c Jttthte adl before 'Appointed for payment thereof, be iflued and ^ment paiifat the find receipt of exchequer, • to the faid chief cafhier or thereof to be cafhfersof the A governor and company of the bank of Eng- iflued from kriij and their fecceflors for the time being, by way of impreft exchcquer and upon account, for the payment of the faid several anmiities ^,m" payable Itt ifcfjpfcdl of the faid principal fum of nine hundred F 9 thotrfand pouftdfc, 'part of the faid principal fum of one million, at fach times, atuHrt Tuch* manner and form, as are by this adt preffcribesd in that behalf; and that fuch cafhier or caftiiers, to whom the faid monies (hill from time to time be iflued, shall frotfitime to time without delay, apply and pay the fame accord-ingly, and render his or their account thereof according to the due courfe of the exchequer \ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVII.	And it is hereby alfo ena&ed, That the faidac>Accom tant comptant general for the time being, fhall, from time to time, genera^to^in-infpedt and examine all receipts and payments of the faid cafh-fpeftthe easier or cafhiers, and the vouchers relating thereunto, in order to ier’s receipts, prevent any fraud, negligence or delay ; and that all and every

perfbn and persons whatfoever, who shall be intitled to any of the faid feyeral and refpedtive annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and all persons lawfully claiming uoderthetn, shall be poflefled thereof as of a perfonal eftate, * and tjiefame shall not be defcendible to the heir, and shall not teape^iMd bc liaSlfc? to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of London, or eftite, &c. otherwlfe j any law, ftatute, or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVIII.	And be it further enadled by the authority afore- Not to be faid/That no part of the faid annuities shall be charged or chargeable with any rates, taxes, duties, or impofitions what- Uxes> c# foever.*

XXIX. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, The monies That all the monies to which any perfori or persons fhafi be- contributed to come intitled by virtue of this adt, in refpedt of any fum ad- be deemed* vanced or contributed towards the faid fum of one millioh, on i?int ftock> which the faid annuities, after the rate of three poundspercen- c* turn per annum, shall be attending, Ihall be added to the joint ftbek of annuities transferable at the bank of England, into which the several fums carrying an interest after the rate of three' pounds per centum per annum, were by an adl made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, converted, and shall be deemed part of the faid joint flock of annuities, fub-jedt rreverthelefs to redemption by parliament, in fuch manner, and Upon fuch notice, as is in the faid adt diredted in refpcdl of the federal and refyedtive annuities redeemable by virtue of the faid adl y and that all and every person and persons, and # coronations whatfoeve^, in proportion to the money to which *	T	4	he,	'	v





and to he transferable.

a$o	Awo	[17

he, (he or they shall become intitled as aforefaid by virtue of this ad!, shall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional interest and (hare in the faid joint dock of annuities at the rate a-forefaid; and that fuch interest and (hare, and the proportional annuity attending the fame, shall be affignable and transferable as this ad! directs, and not otherwife $ and that there shall conftantly be kept at all feafonable times, in the office of the faid accomptant general for the time being, within the city of London, a book or books wherein all affignments or transfers of the faid interest and (hare, or any part thereof, and the proportional annuity attending the fame, at the rate aforefaid, shall be entered and regiftered; which entries shall be conceived in proper words for that purpofe, and shall be figned by the parties making fuch alCgntnents or transfers; or if fuch parties be abfent, by his, her, or their attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorized, by writing under his, her, or their hands and feals, to be attefted by two or more credible witnefles ; and that the perfbn or per-fons to whom fuch transfer shall be made, do underwrite his, her, or their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of afligning or transferring the faid (hare and intereft, or any part thereof, and the annuities attending the fame, shall be good or available in law.

XXX.	Provided always, That any person or persons poflef-fed of fuch (hare and intereft, with the annuity or annuities attending the fame, or any estate therein, may devife the fame by will in writing, attefted by two or more credible witnefles; but that no payment shall be made on any fuch devife, till fo much of the faid will as relates to the faid (lock or annuity be entered in the faid office', and in default of fuch transferor devife, the faid ftock and annuities attending the fame, lhall go to the executors or adminiftTators ; and that no ftamp duties whatsoever shall be charged on the faid transfers ; or any of them ; any other laworftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXI.	Provided always, and it is hereby enadlcd by the authority aforefaid. That the laid governor and company, and

redempnon of ^heir fucceflors (notwithftanding the redemption of all or any the annuities, their own funds in purfuance of the faid adts for eftabliihing the fame, (or any of them) shall continue a corporation, with all the powers, privileges and advantages thereunto belonging, for the purposes in this ad! exprefled, till all the faid annuities payable by virtue of this ad! shall be redeemed by parliament, in manner herein before mentioned ; and that the faid governor and company, or any members thereof, lhall not incur any dif-ability for or by reafon of their doing any matter or thing ifl purfuance of this ad!.

Commiflion- XXXII. Provided always, and be it enadled by the authori-ersotthe trea- fy aforefaid. That the commiflioncrs of the treasury, or any

th7ch°arees of or mor® t^cm now bc*ng» or thc high treasurer, executinjLthis °r any three or more of the commiflioner6 of the treasury ad!, out olf for the time beings (frill have power, and they are hereby audit dutite,	jhorized,

Annuities devisable by will, &c.

The Bank to

continue a company till

 k^ooQle

* 75£.J	^JUno sjtcfott*o£taro Gspmsii IL c. 15. afti

thorized, out ofi^hedaid forpUifies, vcceffes, overplus monies, and otter revenues compofing-the fund, comtnordy called Tbt Sinking	And,to>difcharge*U faefcindent charges as /hall n*-

cefl#ril« attend tfce execution of this a61, in fuch manner as. to thorn Wall Item juft aid reefeaabjpi and atfo to fettle aid ap- aD<} tpp0;nt point inch allowances /out of the contributions to the lottery fabricslor aforefirid) as they /hall mink, juft and reasonable, for the fervice, thecaOuers painty and labour of the (aid ca/hier or calhiers, for receivingind othCf °® • and accounting for the contributions to the faid lottery; and al- cm* fo focb farther allowances as they /hall think juft and realbnable, for the Jfervice, pains, and labour of the ca/hier or ca/hiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, for receiv-ing,, paying, and accounting for the several ana refpedjve annuities jpyablc by virtue of this aft j and alfo for the fervice, painty and labour of the accomptsnt general of the faid governor .and company, for performing the duty and truft incumbent oa bhn by this ad; all which allowances hereby unpowered to be made as aforefaid, in refped to the fervice, pains, and labour of any officer or officers of the faid governor and company /hall be for the ufe and benefit of the faid governor and qompar ny, aad at their difpofal only ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIII.	And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid, Mo r f That no foe or gratuity/hall be demanded or taken of any of his m«nt of eon. Majefty'sfiibjcds, for receiving or paying the faid contribution- tribotion mo-monies, or any of them, or for any tallies or receipts concern- ne7* sng the feme, or for i/Tuing the monies for paving the feid fevers! annuities, or any of them, or for paying the laid annuities; or any of them j and that no fee or gratuity /hall be demahded Transfer* to or taken for any transfer, great or /mall, to be made in purfu- made gratis. anc« of this ad, upon pain that the officer or person offending, by taking or demanding any fuch fee or gratuity contrary to £his ad; shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, to the party

Sieved, to be recovered with full cofts of fuit, in any of his Peni,t5r* ajefty’s courts of record at IVeJlminJltr.

XXXIV.	And it is hereby enadeu by the authority aforefaid,

That if any person or peifons shall at any time be fued or pro-fecuted, for any thing by^im or them done or executed in pur-fuanceof this ad, or of any matter or thing in this ad contained,. fuch person or persons shall and may plead the general if- General iffue. fue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence *, and if upon the trial a verdid shall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiffor plaintiffs /had difeonti-nue his or their adion, or be npofuited, or judgmeot /hall be given againft him or them upon demurrer, or otherwife, then (uch defendant or defendants /hall have treble cofts to him or them awarded againft focb plaintiff or plaintiffs.	Treble cofts.

* v

I

CAP.

 ^.ooQle

*82	.	Anno vicesimo oftav<>GB(>ft<i,ii lI. ©.*$^£7.	fi?55»

C A' F. XVl. \s T T -,C

An act for the letter fupply of, mariners, andfeamen toftrot \ in bU MajeJtfs ftnpsof war> and m badrAmervbant fhips^ and otbet trading Jtipsand'veffels.	< r ■*' T a ^

FOR the better fufply of mariners andfeamen toferve in hit %f<?~ jejly s Jhips of war, and on board mere ban t]hips9 and other trad-.	. in* Jhips and vejfels: be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent

majefty, by and with the advice and confect of the lords Spiritual and temporal and commons in this prelent parliament Merchant affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and (hips may be after the palling of this ad, until the twenty fifth" day of Marfi navigated by one thousand feven hundred ancf fi(ty fix, and no longerJfoijcppt men^11 fCa* in refped to fuch merchant (hips, and other trading mipjL^r m n*	veflels, which lhall be on their voyage beforp the laid Jtwenty

fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and.fifty who lhall be and are hereby allowed the liberty and benefit of returning home, navigated in the manner as herein after i& provided; it lhall and may be lawful for any merchant fhip^ojr (o as the ntim- other trading fhip or veflel, to be navigated by foreign Seamen ber employed or mariners, not being natives of Great BritainJ ox of any qf *1?	*he colonies or plantations thereto belonging, or his ^iajefty^s

natural or naturalized fubjeds, fo as the number of fucp .foreign ciwTand the teamen or mariners do not exceed three fourths of the mariner^ otherfourth , at any one time employed to navigate fuch merchant Chip, op be always na- other trading fhip or veflel; and that one fourth at leaftpf the Brf4in GrCat mar*ners orfeamen fo employed be at all times natives, of his Death,andca-Mdjefly’s naturalized fubjefts of Great Britain (fudtjen death* fdalties of and hazard and cafualties of war and the Teas faved and except-war and ftas ecj) one a& Qf parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign j2CCar?2.* bis late majefty, King Charles the Second, intituled. An aft c. 18.	* fir the encouraging and intrcafmgof flipping and navigation, pr any!

other ftatute or law to the contrary rtQtwithftanding; '* . ^ Proclama- II. Provided always. That nothing in this ai5t contained majl tions not af- extend to take away or reftrain the effed of any fuch royal pro-! f^ted by this clamation as his Majesty, liis heirs and fucceuors, are impow-*	ered to make by virtue of an ad pallid in' the^hirteenth year of

ijGw.i.c.1. bis Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act for the better fupply of mq~ *3’ riners andfeamen to ferve in his Majejlfs Jhips of war? and onboard merchant flips, and other trading Jhips, andprivateerU

CAP. XVII.; , ;

An act to amend an aft made in the twenty *fixtb year of tie' reign of bis present Majesty, intituled, An act for the a-mendmen^ and prefervation of the publick highways *"r	and turnpike roads of this kingdom •, and for the rpor^

effectual execution of the laws relating thereto.

WHEREAS an aft paffed in the twenty fixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the amendment ?pd prefervation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of

this

 kjOOQle

*755*1 Anno viccfimooftavd Gborgii II. c. 17.	283

this kingdom ; and for thetnose effedual execution of the laws relating thereto, hath not anfivered the good turf ofet intended there-bfy belt ent^ed b^ the Kihgfs inoft Excellent majedy, by and with*the>adrk^anAconftnt df the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prcfent pirhamtnt affembled and by the authority of the fame, That for three years, to be computed, Carriages from the twenty fourth day of "June in the year one thoufandwitli wheels 9 feven hundred and fifty five, and no longer, it shall and may *n^hes be lawful for all waggons, wains, carts and carriages, for all from ^payment goods and merchandize, either loaden or unloaden, having the 0f toll for 3 fellies of the wheels thereof of nine inches from fide to fide, at years, the lead, to pafs through all and every turnpike gate or gates, bar or bars, without paying of any toll or duty payable by Virtue of any ad or ads of parliament, for the faid fpace of three years, to be computed from the faid twenty fourth day of June.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, ThatWa„jns from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June it shall and with wheels 6 may be lawful for all waggons, having the fellies of the wheels inches broad thereof of the breadth or gauge of fix inches from fide to fide, drawn at the lead, at the folc or bottom of the wheel, to pafs through1^ or

all and every turnpike gate or gates, bar or bars, with fix horfes ; and all carts and other carriages, having the fellies thereofan<j of the breadth or gauge of fix inches from fide to fide, at the* horfes j and lead, at the foie or bottom of the wheel, with four horfes; pay reduced without paying any more toll or duty than is paid for waggonstolls* now drawn by four, and carts drawn by three horfes, or for the horfes drawing the fame.

III.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Truftces may

That for three years, to be computed nrora the faid twenty fourth raise the tolls day of June, and no longer, the trudees appointed or to beap-olfc fourth on pointed by virtue or under the authority of any ad or ads of	'

parliament made or to be made, or any five or more of them,whetls.

(hall and may demand and take, or caufe to be demanded and

taken, an additional toll, if they shall find the fame neceflary upon confidering the date of their refpedive tolls, not exceeding one fourth part more than the tolls and duties payable by virtue of fuch ads refpedively for every coach* caravan, chaife marine, landau, berlin, chariot, chaife, chair and calaflT* and for all waggons, wains, carts and other carriages, not having the fellies of their wheels of the breadth or gauge of nine inches, or fix inches from fide to fide, before the fame shall refpec-tively be permitted to pafs through any of the toll gates where toils are payable by virtue of any of the faid suds refpedively, to be applied to the, fame ufes as the other tolls are by the (aid a<ds,

IV.	And, to avoid the lead fufpicion that leflening the tolIsFor benefit of and duties as aforefaid, may be any way prejudicial to creditors creditors on who have lent, or ihall lend their money upon the fecurity of S tolls* th* the tolls, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That alL and ^Uto^con-every ad and ads of parliament made this fcffion of parliament, tinued for 5 "

heretofore made, for repairing and amending turnpike roads, years from

dial}





their refpec-tiveacfira-

J&no vicfCmo vo&iw^hMKMiJL. ^..17.	{[1755.

ihaUi be conti taded*hd beimfuH fotWfer.-frto'(yeaa»*faitia toa-.puled from thefcMerolsndssndjespirattcatsafiJlaiiidto^ifnto oft and »Sla rafpeftwclyv addotu ojta&! to -thnanHsiand dmfea» and ^11 the penalties, forfeitures* tmandksic^cmerepdatuhttguias, ,	-daufes,	rule*, diretftiongtpayDfsate andtprowfioor.rgfpa&vcJy

made and ena&ed byapy ofthefaida«9:w (pariinihenr V,"	<	Jiow	or	heretofore made for repairing, and amendingSurqpdtt

reads. .	■.	.‘uu o

V.’ And	whereas a dtabtlm .

weeds af the /aid recited ail, made in the iWtnty fixtb ftarif, tkt reign of bis prefmt Ahfejty, which derttis t!)* /elites ef <tbd whorls af every waggon, wain, cart or tftbrbrxaekb . f or gauge of teiesd inches from fide to fide, at the lufi tie il tfadar-MUasintend- oi‘by the authority atorefaid, Tint it is true ifatentand mettled by the re^ ing of this and the bid reeked a£t; that, the Mow |mtitnof . ekedea tobe fuch fellies shall be of the breadth or gauge of nine iocbcsfirom

• inches broad* and

flat.

Truftees to

fide to fide, sLtheleaft, and tfet the fafaor .bottom of :aH fisoh feUies shall be flab and eyen. from fide totfidevanaaraar ah easy be. . • • .	;	• : V. :'i : .r-.'to.l ir ;?d

'• VI. And bo it further ona<£led by tlwauthority t/carria5d,Thnt the truftws appointed by or under the wUfaontyofi any ad ef tn°r!i If irfHill*P«hament. made or to be made forrepairing, afldca'neridiflg M pbf into 'tumpHce roads, or any five of them (haU from time, tacrine, good con- as there, shall booccafion, eaufe all the tumpike toadaimiflltn Uition. ' their tefpeiftive diflridU, tobe levelled and pat into goodfcooch-tien^n fuck manoer asfhaii bemoft commodious for theufodf m-vellers,and forthcfeveral forts of carriages pafiingsipaathe feme. _ t , :i< VIL And tie it farther toadied by the autbontv afatoetod, onperfonj -Thatif any perfbniorperfons shall onload, or uanfc to beun-occafionaily loaden, any goods, wares or merchandize* front, Iny cart, waggenor other carriage, to or twfioretitofantoikalbamMqto any turnpike cate* with an intern to avoid the payasestt df any part of thd tcdls or duties to he thereat colk&ed«<bachrand every iperfdn being owner of fuch waggon or carriage,anti being thereof convi&ed before thn teuftces offoch tells hr duties* or hay three or more of them^ or one oraoaer jetiice ocjfcfaensof the peaca far the county, 'riding, dtvifioh or placsfwherbtheofi-fanceftulb beicomromed, upon the oath or tmerorrmotB are^i-hle tritneis orwhnties; whichoathtbclaidtrulka*toany^throe -nr macnof thee*, or the tod justice orjufticed,; aretieneby ifit--powered to adminhtay ftullforfwt and pay >the (urn five to be levied po*»ds<f which futiv m cafe thefeme tie nor fortbvrkh’psfid, by diftrei* and'ihaU • be kviedibyidiftrefs and toe of the ogender’s good stand

unloading waggon, to narajii pat-:ofthe

toll*,

(ale 5

and the

driver to be

committed.

chattels, by warrant trader the handandfeal, or hendnsnd (sals

of the faid truftees, or any three or more of them, or the (aid juftiee or juftices, rendering the Overplus so the owner ( if any be) on demand, aftertladudingthe seasonable chargesoftnah-inff fitch diftrefr and (ale,; ta be fettled by tfueh tenftees^wrany thuet or more; of them, or by;the faid- juftictro* jwftiees; and each and every driver of fitch (waggon osxsrriage,'to oflnndihg, ••	6	and



*755-! Anne vicefnno a^bvo/GxoRffiiX IK «4ri).	gf5

^d1xwg’UMf«Qf «ni<>EM ak iafomlaki,. JhBffbecotwnht^ to the hpufe><ff‘OOWe&io»fartb*f|iam o£ »heine(tth ; and in cxk cdhQot -aoy cdtie&*<or>ivcewi9-<wtf.tbetofasorffuaes;»t'any gate or prnnitti** tUVftpikfe’VShaeemaiear towhich aoy-cmAe^ machine or engine, narrow wheel. foC'Weighing'Of carrobe*, (had be<bud« nr ecedfod, fhali permit ed carriage* bcfuffersiny cert* waggon oroarrwge, not having the iellks: of Sirntt?1 thoirwheefenf the breadth or gauge of nine inches from lide to ^ fide, to pais or repafs through any fuch gate or turnpike, without weigningthe fame, and being thereof cortv«3ed, ur manner »» afonsfaid, fuchcollt&or or receiverfo offending, shall be committed to the houfe of cocre&iOny to be.there kept to hard labour for the tpace of one month.

V-IIL And he it fucthtr enatfted by theasthority aforefiud, Waggons That fiwm and after-the find twenty fourth day of June, ail ^jjk**1**? 'waggofls, v»auu, or other four svbeebcarriagds, not bang com- Koiog%m«en moti fthge waggons or carriage*, {though ftseffsllies! of the wheels na^iiniu11—-are oot of- the breadth of naaei inches or fix inohes) may maybsdiwra tsave), p aft) or be driven upon any turnpike road* wkh>any aetn* byfitabarfes s her of hories, or beads of draught, not exceeding five bodies oe bead* of draughtj and H any comer or driver of any fuch waggon, wain or Other four wheel carriage, ihali tzovci, yah	'

.nrfdriver atsy-fuch waggon ctroiber fomr wherl ’Carriage,;with > J more than ftve horfes or beads of. draught, every inch ownec fo if dnvm oftbnding/fhaH for every fuoh offence forfeitand pay theffttm of more, tv for* five pounds; which Taut penalty shall berecovered and levied feit Slv by diftrefs and fide ofthe offender’s goods and. chattels, by warrant or warrants under the hands and fads of the trudees, or aarchme or more of them, of foch didridk, or any one ot more julticeer jufticos-of thepeace, in or near to the place or places where the offence shall be committed * or by action of debt, bill, plaintor inforaumon, in any of bisMajefty's courts of re-

oord-o* IFe/hninfler-, where no efibm, paatedbon^ o» wager ©f	__

haw, or itneroi than oneim parlance (ball be allowed y and in cafe andtbe any driver Of any waggon, wain or other carriage atorelard, shall fitted.** a&contrery<toche troe intent and meaning hereof, fuch jufticc Or j offices dull by warrant or warrants, under has or their hands and feats, commit fuch driver to the houfe of correction for the (pace of one month, there to remain without bail or mainprise.

- ’■ IX. >Aml,	whereas hy the bid etQpoffed twenty fixth year

ef bis prefentASajefty'srtigB, h is prirudedy That waggons, wains, tarts, or ether wheel carnages (mi bavingibe fetiies	wheels

of the	breadth trgaagt ef	aim;inches from tefide) travel,

pafsrerhe drawn, *tipon any iurripHe road, provided fuch waggon^ . izu/0* cart or other wheel carriage be drawn by oxen or neat cattle only: and whereas the allowancesfoxen or neat cattle only, without an horfoor borfes, hath been found incojsveaient and dangerous: . be Waggons, &c. it therefore enaded* The* aiVjrwaggor^ waia orother font wheel with narrow carriages* not haiiingrtbe.fellies* of theis wheels of the breadth whecU maX ** m gauge of nine inches frombit to fide* may travel, pafa or be any l^rnpikr roady provided eftry foch waggon,

wain

 v^,ooQle

286

Anno vicoflmo o&avo Georgii It; <v i f. [ 1755.

drawn by 6 Wam 01 f°ttr ^hcd-carriage* Wnot drawn'by mm* than oxen in pairs, fix oxen or neat cattle in fairs^ and two horfes, fir eiglttottentn and % horfes, pairs, wkhonci horfe ; and that mf ctttbf Olh&^WOwhee! or s oxen and ^fringe, not havihg , the follies of thew wharfs tifeflbffcadt!i 1 *l0rfc 5 ' or gauge aforefaid, may travel, pafe or ^dfawft^ ti^n ftich and carts by turnpike road, provided Jifldi cart or tw<x>wheel carHf*gfcl>e not 6 oxen and i drawn by more than fix oxen or near cattleki ptfiHi ^nd^one horfe, or 4. horfe 5 or four oxen in pairs, and two horfes* any thiftg'in the horfo. *	^ to contralT notwkhfkanding. >>'> ' v/ 70	1 -

X.	And whereas doubts may srife from themftru^idnAf dhters alls of parliament, when the toll or duty if made pdy&bk^vpOn the horfe or other beajl drawings and not upon 4be catrt#ge 'itfelfir b& it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Tharfof all fuch tokfy'thc

The horfes, horfes or beafts drawing fuch carriage, ufirtgfifehbrdtiSwftefcte *oiaws w?rh as are	by	the	(aid	a6t made in the twenty

broad wheels the reign of his present Majefty; and by this? pteferi^a&y<WH exempted for thefpace of three years, to be computed *s afordhid, hfe iri«* from toll for titled to fuch exemption from the payrndtit^of ahy *6HrdHhrty 3 year*. payable by virtue of any former a<ft ora&sef^parliitfoent; a^l!

carriages ufing broad wheels are intitled unto by Virtue of'this pvefenta&	;	^	<...

XI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid^

Where the That in all cafes where by virtue of any a# or a<5ks*of parfia-tolls do not meat now in force, the^oll or doty on horfe® or Other beafts, more'than dewing or paffing through any turnpike bar or gate, dhtfr not one halfpenny amount to more than the sum of one halfpenny for every hotfe on each drawing any wheel carriage whatfoever, not having the ftllfes of horfedrawing, their wheels of the breadth or gauge of nine inches, o? fix inches ftees^f nT from fide to fide, or to morse than one penny for twohbrfes dra<*~ ceflary may ing any fuch carriages as afbrefeki, or to more thad tlifoe hrifl-take addition- pence,for three horfes drawing any fuch carriages asofordWd^ the al tolls.	truftces, orany five or more of them, appointed by virtue dtunder

the authority of foch n5bs of parliament,fhall*nd may If thdy fffldl find the feme neceflary* upon confideringtheftate of their fpe&ive tolls, collect double the former foils drduties J*to1cafe fuch tolls.or duties do not exceed one halfpenny, antf^tlifCe half pence in cafe the fame do not exceed- one penny, and two pence in cafe the. fame do not exceed ttyreehalf pefcce, and toay coUeCl the additional tolls or duties which are directed to betaken by this adt, in cafes where the present toH or duty amoofcfs to two pence or moreupon the horfes drawing any cattnige; itVftJch1 and the feme manner as if fiich toll or d*tyw*9 laid upon rfiC carriage; any thing herein or in any former adfc contained*tO the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XII.	And whereat complaint has torn made that fraudulentContrivances have been pra&tjfed by offenders, their friends, And otherr; to evade the juft recovery of forfeitures and penalties inftifTed by tto laws relating, to turnpike roads, by fetting up (ofoarabfc prffeeutiM and feizures.witb intent 10 favour offenders agdififl the faid Jatrit, and to difrourage \juft and real profeeutms^i&t remedy whereof,

be

 

1755*] 4nrv0 vfccfimo ofiavo GEORGir IT. c. 17.	287

be it	by,fchk authority afbrefaid^Thit ft ihaH arrd may PrI?r PrQk-1

be\]awfulfor all coftitsj and all and eyery justice or juftrees ffrepe^btfors whom there ftisfH be^ny adibnvinfohnfitionorfavto proocediqgj	penalty	or forfeiture inflicted by anyaCVor ers deemed

a^of pai#attxem.made pr tobettiade for repairing and amend- fraudulent ing jturnpifce roadrf,. or any' wayj^htoijg* to or concerning ^he ^ ~b^exa iappe j gnd ttu# are hereby required, where any prior feiztrre, mined, aClion, jnfprpakioa oc convi<flion, fhajl be fet up, or infiflred	..

upon, by way of defence, or to defeat any action^ information	‘

or proceeding, or any feizure for any forfeiture t>r pehalty inflicted as aforefaid, to examine into the real merits of fuch prior	-»

fei^pre, a&ion, information, proceeding or conviction; and if t^reupon it fhaM appear that the fame was not done, made or procured efFeCtgally,1 to recover and apply the penalty or for-	n

fpiture fpr the tri^e and'real ends and purposes for which fuch p^lties> cjf forfeitures;were enaCted, huttaf^vour the offend-* er,: f^h,{>tW feizure, aCHon, information or Conviction, (half be de^qd to he fraudulent, and nult and void, td all intents* and pufppfts whatfOever; and every fuch court, justice or ju- Judgment to ftices^qf [he peace, shall proceed to determine and give yudg-’ no ^iich* foment,. as if no fuch prior feizure, aCtion, information or CPrt-2ure ^ad been. viCtipn, had been made, had, profecuted or* obtained. '	/	J

j XJII. And whereas great mfchief;hath arifen from 'mean 'ptr-fm 0ing 0s I rupees in the execution of fuch h£ts of parliament toad*'	' u p|

for repairing publick roads in that part of Great Britain called Eng-' . J lapd, as do not direfl and require that the irufiees thereby appoints# fall he ,<qualified to a£l as fuch by the poffefjion of real or perfonal efiate' tq4 certain valuer be it therefore enaCted by the authority afore-faifj. That from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June', rro.General quail-pepfon iji^U be qualified, or capable of acting as a truftee in the ^ca«Ion execution of any fuch ad as aforefaid, unlefs he shall be inlwsftIU ecs* owu.right, or in right of his wife, in the actual pofleffion orrre^ ceipt eft,the rents and profits of lands, tenements or hereditaments, of the clear yearly value of forty pounds, or poflefled of, * or intitled to, perfonal estate alone, or real and peffonal estate together, to the value of eight, hundred pounds, or shall be heir apparent of a person poflefled of an estate in land of the clear * yearly value of eighty pounds, and unlefs he shall (not being fucb Jieir apparent as aforefaid) before he ads as fuch twftee, tafce and fubferibe the oath following before any two of more of thp truftees appointed or to be appointed by or in purfaance of fuch aCt, wfio are hereby authorized and required to adminifter to be atteflcd the fonoe in the words, or to the effeCt following , that is to fay^ on oath.

I A. B. do fwear, lhat I truly and bona fide am in my otan ri$ty or in right of my wife, in the atfual poffeffion and enjoyment^ or receipt of the rents and profit s'of lands, tenements or hero- -ditqmentS)Of the clearly value of forty pounds, orpoffejfed of, or inti-tied to a perfonal efiate alone, or real and perfonal efiate together, to tbs value of eight hundred pounds.	So help me GOD, '

And



aS8

Penalty of adilijif not quaifted, 50L

Anno vioelimo o&tvo Gborgii II. c. 17.	[1755.

And if any person shall prefume to ad contrary to the true ifitewt and meaning hereof, every fuch per ion (hall, for every tuch of* fence, forfeit and pay the turn of fifty pounds to any person wfco shall fue for the uune 5 to be recovered in any of nis Majefty*s courts of record at WTeJiimnJler* by adion of debt, or on the cafe, or by bill, fuit or information, wherein no efiom, protection or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, mall be allowed.

The words XIV. And be it further cnaded by the authority aferefehl, common ftage That every owner or owners of any common ftage waggon or SgEtf cart, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, having the painted on fellies of the wheels oflefs breadth and gauge than nine indies, luch carriages or fix inches, from fide to fide, (hall, over and above what he withnarrow or they is Or are obliged by law to write or paint, or cade to be wnecU* written or painted, upon his or their waggon or cart, paint or caufe to be painted, upon the tilt of every fuch waggon or cart which has a tilt, and upon the mod confpicuous part of fuch waggon or cart which has not a tilt, the following words in large and legible charaders; that is to fey, COMM ON STAGE WAGGON, or CART, as the cafe may be; and if any owner or owners of any fuch waggon or cart (hall, from and after the faid twenty fourth day otjune* travel with or ufe by himfelf or fervant, any fuch waggon or cart, without Penalty, and the words hereby required to be painted a&aforefaid, he shall forfeit and Iofe one of the horfes or beads of draught (not being cced tdcrwn. fhafc or thm horfe) together with all the geers and accoutrements to fuch horfe or bead of draught belonging, to the foie ufe and benefit of the person or persons who (half feizc or didmin the feme; and the person or persons making fuch feizure or 4i-drefs, shall proceed in like manner, and be intitled to the like remedy, as is directed and given in cafes of ferzures of horfes by the feid ad made in the twenty fixth year of the reign of bis present Majefty.

XV.	And whereas many persons are deterred from profecuting offences committed againjl the several turnpike laws* and it is inconvenient to others being upon journies* or engaged on necessary bufineft* to profecute the fame as the law now Jlanis: and whereas many laws have been made for and relating to turnpike roads since the twenty fourth year of the reign of his present Majefty* and more afts $f the fame kind are likely to be made; be it cnaded by the authority a-Method of forefeid. That every profecutor or informer may at his eledion proiecution fue for and recover any forfeiture or penalty impofed by this or SSST^^miy ad or ads of parliament made or to be made for eroding Such are pc. turnpikes for repairing and amending turnpike roads, or by any cunisryt other ad or ads of parliament relating to turnpike roads, in the fame manner as fuch forfeitures and penalties are feverally and refpedively direded to be fued for and recovered, or by adkm at law, to be brought by fuch informer or profecutor in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminfter in manner follow* ing (that is to fay) where any person shall be liable to any fuch pecuniary penalty, it shall be lawful to fue for and recover the

feme

 LnOOQle

1755*] Anno vicefirnooda^^GEORGii II. c. 18.	289

iame by adlioaoC $kbty in Avivicb itrXl^ll b&fufficient to declare tba| ijie d^forgUnt;i$ iudebjjed to i^plaiptiff in the fum, of

<*** vise	*:	*	* --u,	^	.	.

bein^ fqrfailed by.arv a<$L. intitule^* An dfi to amend an afl made in the\	jfatkj&ir of the reign of bis present Majefiy> inti-

ty/l$4* Aj> <i£b for ifi$.amendment anj prefervation of the pub-hck .highways jpiiiurnpiIce roads*ofmis kingdom, and for the more effeftual execution of the laws relating thereto: and. where and of fuch tjhe	or faall he. of-any horfe or bead of where the

draught or other goods, by ana&ionof trover againft the per- b°r;fc.* &c* *• fofUiable to.foci* penalty, in which the value of any fuch horfe, of, draught, or other goods, as is or are liable to the for-.ieitiy^e* fliaU bq ^ven in damages, without any proof of any ^igu^ pr demand^	.	.

jSCVj. Provided, That there shall not be more than one re- Limitation of coyery^ipr the fame offence duly and bona fide, and without a&ions.

^ad and obtained for the fame j.arjd that no aftioa lhall hi by virtue of this aft, in any of his Majedy’s faid oecojd, unfefs the lame be brought before the end of aths^after the oifFence conlmitted.

. And, to enforce further a due obfervation of this and Surveyor, recited ad, be it enabled by the authority aforefaidi colleftors, &c. Tbftt^verv furveyor of any turnpike road, and every Joll-ga- j^efoingr*° tetter,, and all fuch persons employed by commiHioners and ryiw&s" appointed for the repairing roads, as receive falariei or to give in-* .qf.r^ards, who faaffwilfully negleftto feize any fupernumerary formation,/*^ bgrfeor borfes drawing in any waggon, wain or cart, contrary ^q4bo tfue intent and meaning of this and the faid recited aift^

^(ui-fhjll alfo wilfully negleft to lay fuch information upon oatht one or more of fiis Majedy’s judices of the peace for the cp^nty wherein fuch offence was committed, or before the proper qommiffioners or trudees at their refpeftive meetings, as by the faid recited aft is directed, (hall, upon due information made Hpqp qath before, one or more of his Majedy's judices of the p^cefor the' (aid county or pface, forfeit the sum of ten pobrids; forfcjt ,01, £ fivernpunds thereof to be paid to the informer, and the remarh-* totheinforra-ijjg tjve pounds to.be laid out in amending the roads, in*fucH «*, &c. ^anUer as. the commifliopers and trudees for fuch refpeftivo lurnpikes.fliajl think fit. -	.	‘

XYlit. Provided, That no fuch furveyor, or other perfon, Officers. &c. foail he liable to thedaid penalty for any fuch wilful negleftcom-* no**|aWe for mi|tpd before foe faid twenty fourth day of June one foobferitl fftven hundred and fifty five. (	fc "	*'	'*/	WiS	i

* * <■' *	 >•	.*	CAP.	XVIII.	,

jAn ’aft to continue several Jaws relating to the^idemper nowTagi|ig;a» *

1	■*?; nengihchomed catek ixk th^.kiogdoiu. -	^	,,

jljhy,ftveral laws made to prevent the Kpreadingof the diftempfr amongft foe hbrped cattle, furtlifcr continued to 1 Sept? 1755. &c.	1	*

■ *	. - * t * t	■.	/■	>1

71,VSi. XXI.

U:

CAP.

 L^ooQle

*9©	Anno	vicefimo	odtavo Georgii II. C. 19.	[1755-

CAP. XIX.

An act for waking perpetual an aft paffed in the twenty fifth year of the reign of bis present Majesty, for the better preventing thefts and robberies, and for regulating places of publick entertainment, and punishing persons keeping disorderly boufes\ for the further punishing persons felling ale or other liquors without licence \ for the preventing the burning or defiroying of gofs, furze or feme, in forejls or chaces \ for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures or contrafts of clerks and apprentices, and for the filing of affidavits of the execution of contra fts of clerks to attornies and folicitors.

Aft *5 Geo. 2.117 H E R E A S an aft paffed in the twenty fifth year of the reign C* ^Dctua?^ * *	Pr‘f*»t'Majeftyy	intituled.	An	adt	for the better pre-

perpetuai. venting thefts and robberies, and for regulating places of. pub-lick entertainment, and puni(hing persons keeping disorderly houfes, which was to continue in force until the expiration of three years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, has by experience been found ufeful and beneficial, and is near expiring: may it therefore pleafe your Majesty, that it may be enadted; and be it enadted by the King’s mo ft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords Spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament affemblcd, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid adt shall be, and the fame is hereby made perpetual. i6Geo.2.c.3i. II* And whereas doubts have arifen upon the conftruftion of an

of parliament paffed in the twenty fixth year of the reign of his present Majefiy, intituled, An adt for regulating the mapner of II-cenfing ale-houfes, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for the more eafy convicting persons felling ale and other liquors without licence, whether a person having been (onvifted of three several offences in felling ale, beer or other liquors, without a licence from two Juft ices of the peace, as by the faid aft is firefted, is liable to any punijbment for any Juch offence, of which he may be guilty after Juch third conviftion, be it further enadted by the au-Offender*,	thority aforefaid. That every person fo felling without a licence

after third	as aforefaid, after fuch third convidtion, (hall, for every fuch

conviftion, to offence, fo often as it shall happen, forfeit the sum of fix pounds, era ^oftince to ^ev*e(I anc* difpofed of in like manner as the forfeitures on y * the firft, fccorid and third convidtion are diredted to be, in and by the faid adt; and in cafe no Sufficient diftrefs shall be found, whereon to levy the faid Several forfeitures, then the justice of the peace who shall have convidted fuch offender, shall and may commit him or her fo convidted to the common gaol, or other prifon or houfie of corredtion within his jurifdidtion, without bail or mainprize, until fuch offender shall be discharged by order of the court of general or quarter feffions,

IU. Where-

 C^ooQle

2£f

1755.3 Anno vicesimo  oftavo Georgii II. c. x$.

III. Whereas the burning and deftroying of gofsy furze and fern, in and upon for efts and chacts, as it is frequently done by divers difor-derly and dijjoiute persons, doth not only dcftroy the cover necejfary for the prefervation of the deer and game there, but hath alfo been the occafion of burnings damaging and deftroying of great quantities of timber, young Jprings of wood and underwood and fences y within the faid forefts and chaces, and places thereunto adjacent, to the great damage and prejudice of the owners and proprietors thereof; and the laws now in being are not fufficient to prevent the fame \ be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if any person or Perfons con-perfons not having a right or legal licence to do the fame, shall viftcd of fet-at any time after the firftday of Auguft one thousand feven hun-	to

dred and fifty five, fet fire to, burn or deftroy, or shall abet, aid or aflift in, or at the burning or deftroying of any gofs, furze in chaces or or fern, growing or being in or upon any foreft or chace, with- forefts, in that part of Great Britain called England, without the licence or confent of the owner or proprietor, or the person chiefly intruded with the care, overfight, and cuftody of fuch foreft or chace, or feme part thereof, and being brought before one or more justice or juftices of the peace for the county, riding:, divi-fion or place, where fuch foreft or chace shall lie, and mail be thereof convidted by confeflion, or upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes (which oath fuch justice or juftices is and are hereby impowered to adminifter) or upon the view of fuch justice or juftices, every fuch person or persons be- to forfeit not ing fo convidted, shall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay anythan fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than forty shillings, ^morc one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety to 5 the ufe of the poor of the pari(h where the offence shall be committed 5 which penalty, in cafe the fame be not forthwith paid,

(hall and may be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s t0 be levied goods and chattels, by warrant or warrants under the hand and by diftrefs feal or hands and feals of fuch justice or juftices; and in cafe an<* (ale, See. no fufficient diftrefs can be found, then it shall and may be lawful for fuch justice or juftices to commit fuch offender or offenders to the common gaol of the county or place where fuch offence shall be committed, for any time not exceeding three months, nor lefs than one month.

IV. And, for the relief of any person or persons, who, through negledt or inadvertency, have omitted to pay the several rates and duties, or any part thereof, upon monies given, paid, contracted or agreed tor, with or in relation to any clerk, apprentice or forvant, who hath been put or placed to or with any mafter or Iniftrefs to learn any profeffion, trade or employment, and to have fuch indentures, or other writings which contain the covenants, articles, contracts or agreements, relating to thefervice of fuch clerk, apprentice or fervant, ftamped within the times by the several a&s of parliament for thofe purposes refpe&ively limited, or who have alfo in like manner omitted to infert and write, in words at lengtji, in fuch indentures or other writings as aforefiud, the full fum or fums of money, or any part thereof,

U 2	received



2Q2

Further time allowed for payment of the duties omitted to be paid for clerks and apprentices.

Further time allowed for filing of affida-▼its of the ex* ecution of contracts of clerks to at-tornies.

Anno viccfimo o&avo Georgii II. c. 19. C'755-

received or in any wife dire&ty of indiredly given, paid, os agreed or contraded for, with or in relation to every fuch clerk, apprentice or fervant as, afforefaid/be it enacted, That upon payment of the ratcs.aitaiduties upon	of

fuch monies, fo neglededor omitteefta bp paid a& ^of^laid, on or before the firft day obAugvJl oqe thoufand, feveq hundred* and fifty five, to fuch person or persons to whom the fame opght to be paid, and tendering the (aid indentures of other writings to be damped at the fame time, or at any timefbn df bfcfbre* the twenty ninth day of September one thoufand' favfch hliftdretf and fifty five (of which timely notice is to be given Gazette) the fame indentures or other writing? shall be good and available in law and equity, and may be given in evidence in any court whatfoever; and the clerk, apprentice or, fervant therein named, shall be capable of following and exerdjSng:their refpedive intended trades, or employments, as fully as if the rates and duties fa emitted had been duly pajd, andthefull foo* or fums received or agreed for as aforefaid hid, been mfccte44 and the persons who have incurred any penalties by the om&icm aforefaid, shall be acquitted and difeharged of and.from tfiq feiji penalties; any thing in the (aid former a d$ to the contra rymtt^ withftanding.	1	.	,

V.	And whereas divers persons through mi/taje, obfcnce*, or feme unavoidable accident^ to the prejudice of infantsy and others^ bay* omitted to caufe affidavits to bei; made and filed inthe properqffUeb <f theaftual exaution of several contra fts in writing tofirve as dirks U attornies and folicitors, within the time limited andexprejftdJfy<er~ tain afts paffed in the twenty second and twenty fourth yearj present Majeflys reign, whereby many persons may be, m da^ger ^f incurring the difabilities in the faid aft of the twenty fccondyeaefif his present Majefty's reign fpecified $ be it therefore enaded by . the authority aforefaid, That all and every person and p?rlon?>v?bQ have omitted to caufe fuch affidavit or affidavits to ta madeand filed as aforefaid, and who (hall,on or before thefirft day Term next, caufe one or more affidavit or affidatftrtofjt>?^?Ff£i and filed in fuch manner as direded by the iaid laibrecited/a^s^ or either of them, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freest pd difeharged from and againft all penalties, forfeitures, \qc^p%dh ties and difabilities in the laid ad of the twenty iecond yefir of his present Majesty’s reign mentioned, incurred or to be tnc^* red, for or by realon of any negled or omiflion in caufiugiuebr affidavit or affidavits fo to be made and filed as aforefiudr' ac^ cording to the diredions of the faid laft recited ads, or efther of them y and fuch affidavit or affidavits (b to be m^de and tffled as aforefaid, shall be as effedual to all jpteota ?nd purpqfes* $ysz if the fame had been made and filed within,the n^^ veprpi^t limited by the faid several laft recited ads, qr	them-

*■ ‘	_;.io icj’t srJj •

-	.	f‘	'	*	*	odt	oi ^t>frJff7 rr.Ci

.'/•vi u od IrCAP,

■ i : ' i1 .r

 LaOOQle

1755*]	Anno vicesimo odfcavo Georgii II, c. 20.	293

CAP. XX.

An act for continuing, explaining and amending, the several afts of parliament made for the further encouragement of the whale fijhery carried on by bis Majeftfs fubjefts \ and to authorize the payment of the bounty to Thomas Hoocl. and other Si upon three /hips fitted out for the faid fijhery, and loft in the Greenland Seas.

WHEREAS divers afts of parliament have been made for the encouragement of bis Majejifs fubjefts'to carry on and improve the whale fijhery, which by the bounties given by the faid afts has of late years gradually increafed, and by the continuance thereof will ftill further increafe, to the great advantage of the trade and navigation of this kingdom j be it therefore enaded by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflenjbled, and by the authority of the Tame, That an ad made in the fifth year of his present Majesty’s reign, in- sGeo.s.c.a*. tituled, An act for encouraging the Greenland fijhery,, which was to be in force for nine years, from the twenty fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred and thirty one, and which ad by an ad of parliament made in the thirteenth year of his ijGeo.*.c.aS. present Majefty's reign, intituled. An act for continuing several laws therein mentioned, relating to the premiums upon the importation of mafts, yards and bowfprits, tar, pitch and turpentine ; to Britifh made fail cloth, and the duties payable on foreign fail cloth; m to the Greenland and to the whale fifhery; for granting a further bounty for all Jhips employed in the whale fijhery during the present war; for exempting harpooneers and others employed in the Greenland fijhery trade, from being imprejfed; and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contrafts of clerks and apprentices, was continued unto the twenty fifth dafvi December one thousand feven hundred and fifty, and from thence" to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which ad, by an ad of parliament made in the twenty fe- nGco.i.c.45. cond year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act for the further encouragement and enlargement of the whale fifiery ^ and for continuing fuch laws as are therein mentioned, relating thereto; and for the naturalization of fuch foreign proteftants as Jhall ferve for the time therein mentioned, on board fuch Jhips as [ball be fitted out for the faid fijhery, was further continued unto the twenty fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament;

(hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the further cond-time in the faid laft-mentioned ad limited for the expiration nued to 15 thereof, unto the twenty fifth day of December which shall beD€C,I764* in the year one thousand feven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

II. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That an a# made in the fixth year of his present Majesty’s reign,

U 3	inti-





continued to *5 Dec. 1764, kc.

294.	Anno	viccfimo	oftavo	Georgii	II.	c.20.	[17559

6Geo.». c/33.intituled. An act for the further encouragement of the whale fijberyy carried on by his Majefiys Britifh fubjefts \ which was to be in force during the continuance of the laft-mentioned aft of tbe fifth year of his prcfent Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act for encour ging the Greenland fijhery \ and which was by the (aid aft of the thirteenth year of his present Majesty’s reign continued %ito the faid twenty fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred and fifty, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which aft was by the faid aft of the twenty second year of his present Majesty’s reign continued unto the twenty fifth day of December one thousand (even hundred and fifty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the time in the faid laft-mentioned aft limited for the expiration thereof, unto the twenty fifth day of December which shall be in the year one thousand (even hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament. nGeo.i c Ar HI- And be lt enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the continued to kid aft of the twenty second year of his present Majesty’s reign, *5 Dec. 176*. intituled, An act for the further encouragement and enlargement of the whale fijbery, and for continuing fuch laws as are therein mentioned, relating thereto \ and for the naturalization of fuch foreign proleftantS) as Jhall ferve for the time therein mentioned, on board fuch Jbips as Jhall be fitted out for the faid fijhery^ which was to be in force from the twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and forty nine, until the twenty fifth day of December one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby continued, from the time therein limited for the expiration thereof, unto the twenty fifth day of December in the year one thousand feven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

IV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of the customs in England and Scotland refpeftively, to order the re0>e^ive receivers general of the cuftoms, in cafe the monies iTthe old fub- remaining in their hands arifing from the old fubfidy, shall not fidy be not be futficient to fatisfy the faid bounty of forty (hillings per ton, fufficient. payable on all (hips employed in the faid fifhery, according to the direftions of the faid several afts, and of this present aft, to pay the fame out of any monies that shall be in tbeir hands arifing from any of the duties and revenues- under their management refpeftively.

Anappren- V. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority a-ticr, for every forefaid, That every (hip which shall be employed in the faid 5°	k?	fifhery,	(hall,	from and after the twenty fifth day of December in

Slip, Scc.WCh	year one ^oufand feven hundred and fifty feven, have on

^	#	board	an	apprentice	indentured	for	the	fpace	of	three	years	at

the lcaft, for every fifty tons burthen, who shall be accounted as one of the number of men which by law ought to be on board fuch (hip; and in cafe any (hip shall proceed on the whale fifhery, without conforming to the above regulation, the owner %	or

Tonnage bounty to be paid out of any other of the revenues.

*95

1755*] Anno vicesimo o&avo Georgii II. c. 2a.

or owners of every (hip fo offending, shall lofe the bounty which wouht otherwife be payable thereon.

VL Provided also, and be it enaded by the authority afore- No larger faid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of December in the year oof thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, no flitp to oi^o? be employed in the faid fifhery, although (he be above the bur- tout, then of four hundred tons, shall be intitled to a larger bounty than a (hip of four hundred tons would be entitled to.

VII.	Provided always, That nothing in the faid former ads, Shipi above or in this present ad contained, shall extend, or be conftrued toth** e“u£ed extend, to oblige the owner or owners of any (hip above the ^fitted burthen of four hundred tons, in order to intitle him or them out otherwife to the faid bounty, to fit out, equip and man any fuch (hip, than veffeli of otherwife than as a (hip of the burthen of four hundred tons*°°tODI* only ts biy yie faid ads or by this present ad required to be fitted out,r equipped and manned.

Vfll, And whereas by the faid afts made in the fixth and twenty fee end years of the reign of his present Majejiy9 the bounty of forty jhillingf .per ton is confined to Jhips of the burthen of two hundred tons and upwards; and it hath been found by experience, that Jhips under the burthen of two hundred tons are fit for the faid fijhery; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid. That from and Bounty allow* after the twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred under^iqq6 * and fifty five,, and during the continuance of the faid bounty of t0nt. forty (hillings per ton, payable as aforefaid, the fame shall be paia to the owners of all (hips under the burthen of two hundred tqn$, which shall be'employed in the faid fifhery, according to the admeafurement thereof, in fuch manner, and by and under iuch. rules, diredions and reftridions, as by the faid ads, and by this present ad, the faid bounty is made payable to the owners of (hips of the burthen of two hundred tons and upwards, employed in the faid fifhery; provided the owner of no fuch (hip (hall, be entitled to fuch bounty unlefs he shall in all refpeds conform to the regulations preferibed by the faid recited adbi, and by this present ad, to the owners of (hips of the burthen of two hundred tons.

IX.	And whereas the difpatch of Jhips to the Greenland Seas and Davis’s Streights, andfeas adjacent y on the whale fifhery9 mujl of neccffity be within the months of March or April 5 be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That every owner or Veflels under owners of any (hip or (hips under the burthen of two hundred

tons, which shall fail on the faid voyage and fifliery on or be- March fore the twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred ,7„. entitled and fifty five, who have conformed themfelves in all refpeds to the bounty* to the rules and diredipns preferibed by the faid ads ot the fixth and twenty second years of the reign of his present Maje-(^, 3.114 of this present ad, shall be entitled to the faid bounty ox forty (hillings per ton, according to the admeafurement of fuch ftvP or (hips refpedively.

X.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Commiffion-That the cpmmiflioners of his Majesty’s customs for England and «rs of the

U4	Scotland***0™t#

2g6	Anno	vicefimo	oftavo	Georgii II. C. 21.	[1755.

report to par- Scotland refpedively, (hall, at the beginning of every feflion of bamen* the parliament lay before both houfes of parliament an account in m thc?Pfi^e- writing, under their hands, of what number of (hips have been ry.	employed	in the whale fifhery, to Davis's Streights and the Green-

land Seasy with their refpedive names and burthens, front whence they were fitted out, and at what port in Great Britain they were difeharged, and alfo what quantity of oil or whale fins each (hip shall have imported.

XI.	And whereas Thomas Hood, James Manbey, and Leonard Bowles, ^London, merchants, did fit out in the year one thousand jeven hundred and fifty four, three Jhips called the Elizabeth and Mary, the Mary and the Argus, for the whale fijbery in the Greenland Seas, in the manner preferibed and appointed by the faid efts, and which faid Jhips were actually employed in the faid fijbery, but were unavoidably loft in the faid feas\ be it therefore enabled

Bounties to be by the authority aforefaid, That the commissioners of the trea-

Kanbeyand	or	anY	t'iree	or	more	t*iem now be*ng» or high

Bowles, for	treasurer, or any three or more of the commifiioners of the

veflels cm-	treafury for the time being, shall be, and he or they are hereby

f hQd empowered to direct, if he or they think fit, the payment of the Greenland	bounties which the faid Thomas Hood, James Manbey, and Leo-

$e;}8*	nard Bowks, would have been intitled to, in cafe the faid fhips

bad returned to this kingdom: any thing in the faid two feve-ral ads contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XII.	And whereas a doubt hath arijen, whether the bounty payable on Jhips employed in the faid fijhery may he injured j for obviating fucb doubt, and for preventing any future applications to parliament for the bounty on any fuch Jhip which may happen to be loft at fea before her return to Great Britain, although fitted out and navigated according to the direction of the faid former alls, and tbit present ally the tifk of which lofs ought to be borne by the owner or owners of fucb Jhipy if he or they had the liberty to injure the bounty payablodbereon; be it therefore declared and enacted by the authority aforefaid.

Owners may That it shall and may be lawful for the owner or owners of any bounty. Ihip employed, or designed to be employed in the faid fiflicry, to infure the bounty which fuch owner or owners would be in«i titled to, upon the return of fuch (hip to the port to which the matter and mate of fuch fliip shall have declared on oath their intention to return, and on the performance of all other mattery directed and appointed by the faid ads, and by this present ad to be performed, for obtaining the faid bounty.

C AP. XXI.

Jin all far making more ejfeftual the laws prohibiting the importation of fpirituous liquors in cajks or veffels not containing sixty gallons, and of tea above the quantity of fix pounds? found on hoard any Britilh Jhip or veffely not be-longing toy or employed by, the Eaft India company\

WHEREAS, for preventing the frauds frequently vfed in importing of Jlrong watery fpirits, aqua vitae, or brandy,

tfl

297

*755*3 Anno vicesimo oftavo Georgii II. c. n.

in fmall quantities, whereby the fame is more eafily conveyed away without payment of the duties thereof it is by a clause in an aft made in the fourth year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, 4- Will. &M. intituled, An adfc for granting to their Majefties certain addi- c* 5* tional impofitions upon several goods and merchandizes for the profecuting the present war againft France, enafted, That no brandy, Jingle or double, Jhall be imported from parts beyond the feas, in any vejfel or cajk which Jhall not contain ftxty gallons at the leaf, upon pain of forfeiting thifaid brandy, or the value thereof fo to be imported as aforefaid: and whereas by a clause in one other aft made in th.r fifth year of the reign of bis late majefly King George the Firf, 5 Geo*,c* **• intituled, An adt againft dandeftine running of uncuftomed goods, and for the more effe&ual preventing of frauds relating to the cuftoms, reciting, That rum had been then imported in much greater proportions than formerly; and that the importing thereof in fmall cajks or vejfels was many times done with dejign, that the fame might more eafily, privately and clandefinely be carried off and con-vejedy without paying the duties \ it is enafted, That if any rum Jhall be imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any port, harbour, haven, or creek thereof in any cajk or vejfel not containing twenty gallons at the leajl (excepting only for the ufe of feamen then belonging to and on board fuch Jhip or vejfel) all fuch rum, or the value thereof Jhall be forfeited \ neverthelefs, if it Jhall be made appear to the fatisfaftion of the principal officers of the customs at the fort of importation, that fuch rum fo imported in fmall cafks, was for toe ufe of the mafler or feamen belonging to the Jhip or vejfel in the voyage, or imported by merchants or traders without fraud or concealment , that then, and in every fuch cafe, the faid officers are thereby impowered and direfted to admit fuch rum to an entry, and caufe the ditties thereof to be accepted injleadof the forfeiture thereof before mentioned; which faid lajl mentioned clauje, by virtue of several fubfequent afts, is continued until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand feven hundred and fixty, and from thence to the end of the then next fejjion of parliament: and whereas by a clause in one othet aft made in the ninth year of the reign of his present Ma- 9 Geo. %. c. 35. jeftpf Intituled, Anadfc for indemnifying persons who have been guilty bf offences againft the laws made for fecuring the revenues of customs and excife, and for enforcing thofe laws for the future; it is enafted, That where any Jhip or vejfel whatfoever coming or arriving from foreign parts, and having on board fix pounds cf tea, or any foreign brandy, arrack, rum, Jlrong waters, or other Jpirits yohatfoever, in cajks under sixty gallons (except only for the ufe of the feamen then belonging to, and on board fuch Jhip or vejfel, not exceeding two gallons for each ftaman) Jhall be found at anchor, or hovering witkinthe limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within two leagues of thefpore, or Jbeil be dif covered to have been within the limits of any port, and not proceeding on her voyage, wind and weather permitting (unlep ih cafe, of unavoidable neceffity and dif refs of weather, of which neceffity and dif refs, the mafter, purfer, or other perfon, having or taking the charge or command of fuch Jhip or vejfel,

Jhall give notice to and make proof of before the colleftor, or other

chief

<9^

Mo fpirituous liquors imported in vef iels under to gallons, may be entered or reported for exportation*

All tea above 61b. found in Britifh veflels arriving from foreign parts, to be forfeited. India company's fhips excepted.

Anno vicesimo o&aaro GEORon II. c. 22.'	[1755.

chief officer of the cufims, of fuch port as aforefaijL, immediately after the arrival of Juch jhip or veffel into the faid party all fetch tea, foreign brandy, arrack, rum, Jlrong waters: anffpaits, together with the chejls, boxes, cajks, and other package wb^Jiseifeor^^attaining the fame goods, or the value thereof, Jhall hi forfeited and lojl (whether bulk Jhall then have been broken or motf^andstbe jame goods and package Jhall and may be feized and profecuttd,ar tb&'oa** lue thereof be Jued for, by any officer or officers of the ftijhomopwc* cife, in Juch manner and form as in and by the faid afi 11 expreffied: and whereas, notwithjlanding the several provijsonstfo mode far preventing fuch frauds, Jbips and veffiels arriving from foreignspyrls frequently have on board quantities of fuch liquors in fmall cajh+aetd alfo tea, which liquors and tea are intended to be run Qnjjbar&fpakh* out payment of the refpeftive duties thereof; but in order, tel prevent the feizure and forfeiture thereof, are brought into pontundq pete*: tence that they are dtfigned for exportation, and arc frequently 'rp*,. ported for exportation to foreign parts, and never thelefs arcafterwdrdt run on Jhore\ be it enaded by the King’s moftex ceil earning fifty, by and with the advice and coafent of the lords Spiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament*®*^ bled, and bv the authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and fifty five, no brandy, arrack, rum, geneva, ftrong waters, or other fpirits whatfoever, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, in any cafk or other vefiel, which fhaU not contain sixty gallons at the leaft of fuch liquors rejpcdiyely, shall be entered or reported for exportation, or exported to foreign parts; and all entries and reports which after the faid twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred and fifty nve, shall be made of fuch liquors, contrary to the di<-redions of this ad, are hereby declared to be null and void,; and all tea above the quantity of fix pounds, which he found in any Britijb (hip or veflel, arriving in Great Briteutbfrom foreign parts (excepting thofe belonging to or employed!)? the Eaft India company) shall be forfeited and loft* whether fuch tea shall be intended or reported for exportation or not*],.

CAP. XXII.

An act for granting to ins Majejly a certain	money

therein mentioned out of the Jinking fund * and applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer for the fervico of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty five { and for carrying the furplus of certain duties to the Jinking fund j and for the further appropriating the ed in this ftjfion of parliament.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubje&s the com* mons of Great Britain in parliament a flembled, being defirous to raise the reftduc of the neceflery fupplies which we

have

i755»3 Anno vicefuno oftavo Georgii II. a 22.	299

have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this session of par-1 lament, by ways and means the leaft burthenfome to your Ma-jefty’s fubje<ftst have refolvcd to give and grant to your Majesty the fum herein after-mentioned; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it en-a&ed by the King’s moft excellent maiefty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this prelent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That by or out of fuch monies as now arey or lhall from time to time be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the furplufles, cxcefles, overplus monies, and other revenues compoling the fund commonly called the Sinking fundy (after paying or referving fufficient to pay all fuch Aims of money as have been directed by any former a<5t or ads of parliament to be paid out of the fame) there shall and may be iflued and 1>4l0#000j. applied a fum not exceeding the sum of one million four hun- granted out of dred and twenty thousand pounds, for and towards the fupply the finking granted to his Majesty for the fervice of the year one thousand fund for ™c (even hundred and fifty five ; and the commiflioners of his Ma- currcnt 3rear* jefty’s treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treasury for the time being, are hereby authorized and impower-cd to iffiie and apply the fame accordingly.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That 3>34,l 19 s*

the sum of three thousand three hundred forty one pounds ad. 1 q.over-nineteen (hillings and two pence farthing remaining in the plus ot thelaft receipt of the exchequer, being the overplus of the grants fory*ar’s^raJltJ* the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty Io£9aVfur-’ four; and alfo the (urnof fixteen thousand four hundred ninety plus of the four pounds feventeen (hillings and fen pence halfpenny, re-duty on coals; roaming in the receipt of the exchequer, of the furplus of the 1 a9fur lutVf duties on coals since the twenty fifth day of March one thou- duties^re-fand feven hundred and nineteen; and alfo the sum of nine- tailingfpiritu-teen thousand nine hundred and twenty three pounds twelve ous liquors; (hillings and nine pence, remaining in the receipt of the exche-	19	*r

quer, of the furplus of the duties on licences for retailing fpi-thefuiulsof rituous liquors; and alfo the sum of twenty eight thousand two the lottery hundred and one pounds nineteen (hillings ana eight pence, re- i7H» to be maining in the receipt of the exchequer, of the lurplus of the,iJucd *" funds for the lottery in the year one thousand feven hundred ot tttc upp and fourteen, shall and may be iflued and applied at the faid

receipt as part of the fupply granted to his Majesty for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred ana fifty five.

III.	And whereas by an aft of the firfl year of his Majefty's reign, 1 Geo.». c. 8. for granting an aid to his Majefy by Jale of annuities to the bank of England, at four pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament, and charged on the duties on coals and culm, and for other

purpofes therein mentioned, certain duties upon coals and culm were charged with the payment of an annuity after the rate of four pounds r per centum per annum, from the fenjt of Saint John theBaptift me thousand feven hundred and twenty eighty for and upon the sum of

one

300	Anno	vicesimo 	oftavo Georgii II. c. 22:	Cf755*

one million seven hundred and fifty thousand pounds, contributed by the governor and company of the bank of England, in purfuance of the faid aft ; in which aft it is provided, That in cafe there fball be any furplus or remainder of the monies arifing by the faid duties at the end of any one year, computing the fame to end at Chriftmas yearly, after the faid annuity and all arrears thereof are fatisfied, or money referved for that purpofe, fuch furplus or remainder /hall front time to 2 Geo. *. c. 3	be referved for the difpofition of parliament: and whereas by an

aft of the second year of his Majefifs reign, for raifing one million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds by feale of annuities to the bank of England at four pounds per centum, redeemable by parliament, and for other purposes therein mentioned, certain furplus monies of the duties and revenues on feoap, paper, certain linens, filks, callicoes and fluff's, and upon Jlarch, and exported coals, and upon Jlampt vellum, parchment and paper, which were granted by an aft made in the twelfth i» Ann. c. 9. year °f ^)e re*Zn °f ^er ^ate majefy Queen Anne, were charged with the payment of an annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, from the feafi of Saint John the Baptift one thousand feven hundred and twenty nine, for and upon the sum of one million two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, contributed by the governor and company of the bank of England in purfuance of the faid aft-, in which faid aft it is provided. That in cafe there /ball be any furplus or remainder of the monies arifing by the faid duties at the end of any one year, computing the fame to end at Chriftmas yearly, after the faid annuity, and all arrears thereof, are fatisfied, or money referu-id for that purpofe ; fuch furplus or remainder Jhall from time to time be referved for the difpofition of parliament: now, to the end the faid several furplus or overplus monies may be applied, be it Surplus of the enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the fifth duties on	day of July one thousand feven hundred and fifty five, the fur-

coals, foap,	pjus or overplus monies of the faid duties on coals and culm,

&ac^eftarchen8, an<* a^° ^urpl°s or overplus monies of the duties and reve-coals export- nues on foap, paper, linens, filks, callicoes and fluffs, and up-ed, ftampt vel- on flarch and exported coals, and upon ftampt vellum, parch-lum. See.	ment and paper, which ftiall from time to time be and remain

in the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer, at the end of any ufual quarterly day on which the faid furplus or overplus monies shall arife, after fatisfying all charges and incumbrances thereupon, to be carried lhall be carried to, and made part of, the fund commonly called to the finking The finking fund; and shall and may be iffued and applied in fund.	fuch manner, and to fuch ufes and purpofes, as other rates,

duties, revenues and incomes, compofing the faid fund, are or shall be ifiued and applied, and for no other ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever.

Claufe of loan lV. And it is hereby eqadted by the authority aforefaid. That for raifing in cafe the faid commiflioners of his Majefly’s treasury, or any

1,410,0001.	at three or more of them now being, or the high treafurer, or any 3I. per cent. thrce or more of the commiflioners of the treasury for the time^ being, shall think it advifeable to raise the faid fum of one mil- * lion four hundred and twenty thousand pounds, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, in manner herein after-

men*

x 755*1 Anno vicesimo oftavo Georgii II. c. 22.	301

mentioned} that it shall and may be lawful to and for any per-fon or petfoiW) natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate/to^advance oi; lend to his Majesty, at the receipt of his Majefty*s exchequer, any Aim or fums of money, not exceeding the faid fum of one million four hundred and twenty thou-fapd pounds, upon the credit of the faid furplufles, excefles and overplus monies, or other revenues compofmg the finking fund $ and to have and receive for the forbearance of the money lent, intefeft'after a rate' not exceeding three pounds per centum per atMmi fc as filch loans be allowed to be tnade by the faid com-iodfipucrsof the treasury, or anythree or more of them now beUig^Onthe high treafurer, or any three or more of the com-miiRoners©f the treasury for the time being, who are hereby ataitbQriz&d iflue their warrants fur that purpofe as fad as fuch Io«o$(haUbc wanted for the publick fervice; and moreover, th.it tap- money to be lent upon the fecurity of this aft, shall be rated tor aflefled to anyrtax or afleflment whatever. rrMa jAnd ^ :it further enafted, That all and every person or Tallies of loan per Cons who shall lend any money upon thecredit ot this aft as to be (truck, afotefaid, and pay the fame into the receipt of the exchequer, (ha&.immediately have a tally of loan ftruck for the fame, and an opfor for his, her or theirrepayment, bearing the fame date with higher or their tally; in or upon which order shall be alfo contained a warrant for payment of interest for the forbearance thereof; not exceeding the faid rate of three pounds per centum pai unmim, and to be paid every three months, until the repayment of the principal; and all fuch orders for repayment of money ifa to be lent, /(hall be regiftered in courfe, according to the refpcftivelyj and that all and every person and perfpns (l)iNjibe paid in courfe,* according as their orders shall (land re- 1 gilded :in,the (aid regifter books, fo as the person or perrons, The manner dr foreigners, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators ofPayment* who shall have his, her or their order or orders firft entpfertiin the feid books of regjfter, shall be taken and account-• edxfoibf theflrft person or perfonsto be paid out of the faid fur-piu$f&*T€Kocfli$ or other revenues, and he, (he or they, who his/ her or their order or orders next entered, shall h^liake^andraaoduoted to be the second person to be paid, and fo focgeffivftly amHtt: courfe; and that the monies to come in oCdrior/the faid fUrplufleS; excefles and1 overplus monies, or o-tl*r avenues compofing the finking fond kfcaforefaid, shall be in il^famo order liable to the fatistaftion of the faid refpeftive ptffen^ and body or bodies politick or corporate, their exe-ciadminiftrators, fucceflbrs or afligns tefpeftively; without any undue preference of one before another, and not otherwjfe; and:ft[al^rK>t be diverted or divcrrtiWe to any other ufe, intent*!0 undue prc. or^rpofe whatfoeyei^ (other than fuch ufds and purpofe* as are*crcnce* appointed by any orfitH aft or afts of parliament in that behalf as ^for^gidl and that no fee; reward'or gratuity, diteftfy or in- No fee to be dir^y,f ftigll fesl demanded or.taken of* any of his Majeft/staken, futyc#*, for- providing or making of any fuch books ot remitters

on pain of treble damages, and colts.

Penalty of undue preference.

Provifoes relating to orders of the lame date.

and to payment of fubfe-quent orders, before others not brought in courfe.

Method of transferring.

Anno vicesimo oftavo Georgii IL c. 22.	[1755.

or any entries, views or fearches, in or for payment of money lent, or the interest thereof as aforefaid, by any of his Majeft/s officer or officers, their clerks or deputies, on pain of payment of treble damages to the party grieved, by the party offending, with full cofts of fuit; or if the officer himfelf take or demand any fuch fee or reward, then to lofe his place alfo; and if dny undue preference of one before another shall be made, either in point of regiftry or payment, contrary to the true meaning of this adt, by any fuch officer or officers, then the party offending shall be liable by adtion of debt, or on the cafe, to pay the value of the debt, with full cofts of fuit, to the party grieved, and shall be fore-judged of his place or office; and if any fuch preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without direction or privity of his matter, then fuch deputy or clerk only shall be liable to fuch adtion, debt, damages and cofts, and mail be for ever after incapable of his office or place ; and in cafe the auditor of the receipt shall not diredt the faid orders of loan, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teller make payment upon fuch orders, according to each perfon’s due place and or* der as before directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the refpedtive deputies and clerks therein offending, to be liable to fuch adtion, debt, damages and cotts, in fuch manner as aforefaid \ all which faid penalties, forfeitures, damages and cofts, to be incurred by any of the officers of the exchequer, or any of their deputies or clerks, shall and may be recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts of record at fVeJlminJler j wherein no effoin, pro-tedtion, privilege, wager of law, injun&ion, or order 01 re-ftraint, shall be in any wife granted or allowed.

VI.	Provided always, and it is declared. That if it shall happen that several tallies of loan or orders for payment as aforefaid, bear date, or be brought the fame day to the auditor of the receipt to be regiftered, then it shall be interpreted no undue preference which of thofe be entered firft, fo as he enters them all the fame day.

VII.	Provided alfo. That it shall not be interpreted any un-. due preference, to incur any penalty in point of payment, if the

auditor diredt, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers do pay fubfeqUent orders to perfonsthat come and demand their monies, and bring their orders before other persons that did not take their monies, and bring their orders in courfe, fo as there be fo much money referved as will fatisfy precedent orders* which shall not be otherwife difpofed of, but kept for them; interest upon loan being to ceafe from the time the money is fo referved and kept in bank for them.

VIII.	And be it further enadted, That all and every person and persons to whom any money shall be due for leans to be regiftered by virtue of this adt, after order entered in the book of regifter as aforefeid, his, her or their executors, adminiftra-tors or affigns, by proper words of alignment to be indorfed and written upon his, her. or their order, may affign and transfer bis, her or their right, title, interest and benefit of fuch order,

or

,755-] Anno vicesimo o&avo Georgii If. c. 22.	303

or any part thereof, to any other, which being notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt aforefaid, and an entry or memorial thereof alfo made in the book of regiftry aforefaid, for orders (which the officers shall upon requeff, without fee or charge, accordingly make) shall intitle fuch alfignee, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors and afligns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon; and fuch affignee may in like manner affign again, and fo toties quoties5 and afterwards it (half not be in the power of fuch person or persons, who have or hath made fuch aflignment, to make void, releafe, or dif-chargc the fame, or any monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

IX.	And to the end there may be no want or failure of a certain fum not to exceed in the whole the faid fum of one million four hundred and twenty thousand pounds, to be raifed either by fuch Joans as aforefaid, or by ifluing exchequer bills as is herein after mentioned, or by both or either of thofe ways or means, for the publick fervice 5 be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe the commiflioners of his Ma- The faid fum jetty's treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the may be raifed high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the hy exchequer treasury for the time being, shall judge it more advifeable tobl 8’

raife the (aid fum of one million four hundred and twenty thousand pounds, or any part thereof, by exchequer bills, inffead of fuch loans as aforefaid, that then they refpectively are hereby authorized and impowered at any time or times to prepare mid make, or caufe to be prepared and made at the exchequer, any number of new exchequer bills, for any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the faid fum of one million four hundred and twenty thousand pounds, together with fuch loans aforefaid, in the fame or like manner, form or order, and ac-cording to the fame or like rules and directions, as in and by a *8Gc0***c*** certain a<t of parliament (for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty five) are enacted and preferibed concerning the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of the faid act.

X.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, All advan-That all and every .the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, tages and pe-advantages, penalties, forfeitures and difabilities, contained in na,t*.s ?onj the faid laft-mentioned act, relating to the loans or exchequer a^.n bills authorized to be made by the fame act (except fuch claufes fating to loans as do charge the fame on the rates and duties granted by the or exchequer fame act) shall be applied and extended to the exchequer bills, bills, extended to be made in purfuance of this act, as fully and effectually toto lhl,a^ •

all intents and purpofes, as if the faid exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the faid laft-mentioned act, or as if the faid several claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

XI.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all Tbeexche-the exchequer bills, as shall be made in purfuance of this act, quer bills t«

and

g<>4	Anno vicesimo oftavo GeoBgii Il» C. ill [*755*

be paid out of and the intereft, premium, rate and charges incident to, or at-the (inking tending the fame, shall be and are hereby charged and chargc-fund.	able upon, and shall be repaid and borne by and out of the

growing produce of the faid furplufles, exceffes and overplus monies, or other revenues compofing the finking fund (except fuch monies of the faid (inking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former or other a6k or a<Sts of par-liament in that behalf) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund {hall and may be ifiued and applied as faft as the fame can be regularly ftated and afeertained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling and difeharging fuch exchequer bills, intereft, premium, rate or charges, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled and difeharged, or money fufficient for that purpose be kept and referved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the refpe&ive proprietors thereof,

XII.	And whereas the governor and company of the bank of England do confent and agree to advance and lend the sum of five hundred thousand pounds, over and above all other fum and fums rf money that they have already agreed to advance on the fuppiies of the pre-fent year, at an interest after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, for fo much thereof as Jhall be by them advanced? from the time offuch advancement till the fame Jhall be difeharged, the faid five hundred thousand pounds and interest to be fecured by exchequer bills to be made forth and ijfued in purfuance of this aft, and to be charged upon and repaid out of fuch monies as at any time or times bc+cafter Jball be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the furpluffes, exceffes, overplus monies, and other revenues, compofing the fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund, after paying or referving fufficient to pay the sum of feven hundred and twenty thousand pounds^ part of the faid furplufjes, exceffes^ overplus monies, and other revenues compofing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, by this aft direhed to be ijfued and applied$ be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all fuch exchequer bills for any fum or futns Bills to carry not exceeding five hundred thousand pounds as aforefaid, as intereft,Cand	be ma^e forth and ifiued in purfuance of this a<ft, shall re-

charon fpedtively be made to bear or carry an interest at the rate of the linking	three pounds per centum per annum; and all fuch exchequer bills,

fund.	together with the interest attending the fame, shall be, and arc

hereby charged and chargeable upon, and shall be repaid by or out of fuch monies, as ar any time or times hereafter shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the faid furpluffes, excefles, overplus monies, and other revenues compofing the fund, commonly called The Sinking Fund, after paying or referving fufficient to pay the sum of feven hundred ana twenty thousand pounds, part of the faid furpluffes, excefies, overplus monies, and other revenues compofing the fund, commonly called Tl)e Sinking Fund, by this a<ft directed to be ifiued and applied ; and fuch monies of the faid finking fund shall and may be ifiued and applied as faft ad the fame can be regularly ftated and afeertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and difeharging fuch exchequer bills and intereft, until tbe whole of

them

754*1 Anno vicesimo oftavo GfcORGiI II. c. 21.	305

hens shall be paid, cancelled, and difcliarged, or money fuffi* cient be kept and referved in the exchequer for that purpofe.

XIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded by Appropriation the authority aforefaid, That all the monies coming into the Qf^g Applies, exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one ad of this session of parliament, intituled, An act for granting an aid to Tbc monies bis Majejly by a land-tax, to be raifed in Great Britain for the fer- arifing by the vice of the year one thoufand/even hundred and fifty five; and for,and tax# the reHef of the inhabitants of certain places in the county ^Lincoln, in refpeft of arrears of the land-tax; and fo much money (if any fuch be) of the tax thereby granted as shall arife or remain after alt the loans or exchequer bills made or to. be made on the fame ad, and all the intereft, premium, rate and charges thereon* and the charges thereby allowable for raifing the faid land-tax ihall be fatisfied, or money fufficient shall be referved in the ex* chequer, to fetisfy and difenarge the fame 5 and alfo all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills* upon one other ad of this session of parliament, ("intituled, An act for continuing and granting to his Majejly certain duties upon Majt malty mum> cyder and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand	%

/even hundred and fifty five) and fo much money, if any fuch be, of the duties thereby granted, as shall arife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame ad, and all the intereft, premium, rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raifing the faid duties shall be Satisfied, or monies fufficient shall be referved in the exchequer to fatisfy and difeharge the fame; and the sum of three amJ thousand three hundred forty one pounds nineteen (hillings and remain* two pence farthing remaining in the exchequer, being the over* ing in the ex* plus of the grants for the fervice of the year one thousand feven chequer, &c« hundred and fifty four, but not applied to the fervice of that year; and the sum of fixteen thousand four hundred ninety four pounds, feventeen (hillings and ten pence halfpenny, remaining in the receipt of the exchequer* of the Surplus of the duties on coals, since the twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and nineteen ; and the sum of nineteen thousand nine hundred and twenty three pounds twelve (hillings and nine pence, remaining in the receipt of the exchequer, of thofur* plus of the duties on licences for retailing fpirituous liquors; and the sum of twenty eight thousand two hundred and one pounds nineteen (hillings and eight pence, remaining in the receipt of the exchequer, of the furplus of the funds for the lottery in the year of our Lord one thoofand feven hundred and fourteen ; and alfo all the monies coming into the exchequer by contributions for a lottery granted by one other a ft of this present session of parliament, (intituled, An act for granting to bis Majejly the sum of ^ the lot* omm&iott to be raifed by a lottery) and alfo the sum of one mil- tery money of lion four hundred and twenty thousand pounds by this adl 17*4* granted, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appro* W priated for and towards thfe several ufes and purposes herein after exprefied*, (that is to fay) it is hereby ena&ed and declared by VoL. XXL	X	.	the

14 s. i d. toward* naval ferried.

to,ooo 1. to Greenwich Hofpital.

7,0001. to* ward* the navy debt.

306	Anno vlccfimo oflavo GeorgiI II. c. 22.'	£175-5

the authority aforefaid. That out bf all or aify' tWaids Or fop-plies provided as aforefrid,theredfl»UiaoA: maybe iflbed and applied, any fum or (tuns of mooey. aot etceedingiOnc; trillion four thoufaftd tyro hundred 'eightyYtigbt ^rbttnttowsntgen (hillings and one penny, for orJsowriicfe’then* vdt fcrviceriierein after particularly exprefled (thafcisite&y)fornrtoWHTda victuals, wages, wear ana tear of the.tMvy,andtbe od£hulliBg*hereof, performed and to be performed ; and for: ortpwwds; 1^ ferviees m the office of ordnance, performed!and to be pafsffled ^ -and

for half-pay to fea officers; <and^r hr. towarris^imilffi^, rebuilding and repairs of hb Majesty’s (hips, in the year one thoufayid (even hundred and fifty free.

XIV.	And it is hereby alfo enabled by the authority aforefaid, That out of all or any the aids or (upphesafortfitid, there shall and maybe ifliied and applied any fum or fams of money, not exceeding ten thouiand pounds, upon account, towards the fupport of the royal hofpital at Greenwich, for the better maintenance of the (eamen of the faid hofpital, worn out and become decrepit in the service of their country^

XV.	And it is hereby alfoena&ted by the authority afbrdkid. That out of all or any the aids or fiipplies aforefaid, there ihaU and may be ifiued and applied any fum or fumsnf money not exceeding (even thousand pounds, towards paying ff and dif-charging the debt of the navy.

XVI.	And it is hereby alfo enadted by the authority afbne-■ <6g, %9% faid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies afebeflia) there

an^’s^. to the shall and may be ifiued ana applied any fum. or fums bf money ordnance \	not exceeding one hundred fifty on&thaufaod five hundred fitay

'	fix pounds eighteen (hillings and eight pence^fori&e Mrasgref

the office of ordnance for land fervicc, for the yearcMctiroufand feven hundred and fifty five, performed and ao latfttfiraadj and for defraying the extraordinary expence of theoffiec-ef aed-v	nance for the land fervicc, not provided for by parioatairi nvsl

<:'	' XVII. And it is hereby alfo enacted,. That an dfadho*

the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (hall! and hatf be ifiued and applied any fum or fums of money, docitaodediog one million one hundred thirty nine thouftnd five hondrsdjfirty eight pounds one (hilling and-one penny halfpetuiy,?fbniBitl<rea wards mainuininghb Majesty’s land forces, and cothetfebmeeh herein after more particularly exprefled (that utekfiy); tiny or (urns of money, not exceeding fixrhtmdaed ewentycq^rethott* fand three hundred fifteen pounds /even ftnlliugs. and eleven pence, for defining the charge>of> eighteen thottiand crgbft fens-v»r«i dhuu.1, an*( fifty (Weneffe&ive-roen, mdudmg taBnanluon tend Guemfey, aod JMm-comrnifiwm officers, and aifoorte thoHUndeigbti hundred jerfeys andfiftoen invalids, for guards, uganrUbos, and otherhisiJrf.J-jetty's; Und fbteerin GreatBritoiu, .Gurrnjtj and ffetfiy?for .tkC year one thousand feven, hundred and fifty; fixe y^aaohahy firm •tr^soj. its. or fujns of money, not exceeding ttwo hundred hhnxtafivttKitri garri?on	fourimirfredilirecuypcmndjjcighfeea fhilliagsiahtffit pence

a.»S#J4*f-: is. id. iq. to the land forced $:

of which 618,3151. 7». xid. for guards, and carrifons, Sc^in

Great Britain

? X

1755,jAnno vicesimo odhvo Georgii II. c. 22.	307

halfpenny* forraamtaining his Majesty’s forces and garrifonsln theplanta* in fbefbfitaootts^ Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for provifions tions> ^jor-forthe:gan»fet^^	Scotia,	Newfoundland,	Gibraltar	andraltarNova

Providence^\fori tibe year one thousand feven hundred and fifty- Scotia, New* five;fod>bnwfomor films of money, not exceeding forty thou- foundiand, fand fHregnhUndfcd and fifty pounds and fifteen shillings, for^ndProfi-defeyAgihehcharge of two regiments of foot, to be raifed for dcnce# his Majctty^s fiaTTice in NerihJmerica, for the fervice of the year 40,3501. 15s.' one thottfand^ikveh hundred and fifty, five, and arny fum or fums for % regi-of morrey not exceeding feven thousand three hundred thirty- penn raifedi eight pounds two (hillings and fix 'pence, for defraying thein 6d. charge of several officers appointed by his Majesty, to go with fdJ charge of* the forcestia*the expedition under the command of major gene- officers em-rz 1 Bradckl^fortht year onethoufand feven hundred and fifty ployed jn the five; aruLanyfbm or fums df money not exceeding one thou-	to

fand fevenhundred feventy nine pounds feven (hillings and fix x,779): 7l. 6d. pence, foe defraying the charge of the officers appointed bv his for charge of Majesty, ctir attend the hofpita! eftablifhed for the fervice ot the officers at-expedition under the command of major general Braddeck, for*enij!”S the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty five; and any 0Ipl a 1 tre* fum or fums of money not exceeding fifty-nine thousand feven 59,791!. vis. hundred ninety one pounds twelve (hillings and one penny, upon id. to theoue account, for out-penfioners of Cbclfea hofpital, for the year oi*e Kn??nc£ °S thousand feven hundred and fifty five ; and any fum or fams of . H°r~ money /noc> exceeding forty feven thousand pounds, upon ac-^ *ol to count dfi&alfepay, for the reduced officers of his Majesty’s land the reduced forces arid marines, for the year one thousand feven hundred officers of the and fiftylftvej iubjeft to fuch rules to be obferved in the appli- l«*d forces cation* of the faid halfpay, as are hereafter preferred concern- and ingthoifamt; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding three thousand feven hundred thirty five pounds nine (hillings 3,7351. 9s. 7<L and feven pence, for defraying the charge for allowances to the to the gentle, several officers and private gentlemen of the two troops of horfe raea guards,'and regiment of horfe reduced, and to the fuperannu- educed; °* ated gentlferafen of the four troops of horfe guards, for the year	*

onethonfaitd feven hundred and fifty five; and any fum or fums of money>iK>C exceeding two thousand five hundred and fixty- 2,5611. to re. two pounds, for paying of penfions to the widows of fuch re- duccd officer* duced officers of his Majesty’s land forces and marines as died **dow8> &c* upon thdeftablifhment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were mbnnedto them before the twenty fifth day of December one thousand (even hundred and fixteen, for the year one thousand feyea hundred and fifty five; vhich faid fum of two thousand five hundred and sixty two poands, shall be iflued to fuch person orperfofts as his Majesty (hall, by warrant or warrants under histxoyal fign manual, diredt and appoint to receive the fame, tobebyhim or them paid over to fuch widows of halfpay officessy^oriheir aflignecs, according to fuch eftabli(hments, lifts, or;ortrer!directions, and*with and fubjedt to fuch conditions, tpfebficeridns, and other'allowances for the fame, as his Majesty, by fuch and the like warrant or warrants, shall fee gra-

X %	cioufljr

3*,oool. to the King of Poland.

1,000,0001. for augmenting the forces by fea and land. .

40,4.18!. 7** 8d. towards the fettling Nova Scotia.

308	Anno	vicesimo odtavoGEORGlj II. c. aSJT

cioufly pleated to direct and appoint \	9!

60,1541. f*.	money not exceeding sixty ,Uiouf>ti4 iwp	four

tor Cervices in- pounds and eight shillings, .for defraying the e^wr^p vy ^x-curred m	pences of his Majesty’s land Forces, ?nd other	fe^'^v/P^^Vred

l;54"	in the year one thousand feven Jmpdred find	not

provided for by parliament; and any ium or> b^s(ptr iqpney

10.0001.	to	not exceeding twenty thousand pounds, to pb^epif^	to

the Elector of	make good his engagements .with the eledtor	QiJfyqpaftfj	$>ur-

Bavana. fuant to treaty; and any furo or fums of inopey nof

thirty two thousand pounds, to enable bis his engagements with the King of Poland* purfuant to the treaty.	V	on

XVIII.	And it is hereby alfo enabled, That bujLcfcm dr any

of the aids or fupplies provided ag aforefaid, them s^may be ilTued and applied any fum or fums of mangy pp$ gflffiffing one million, upon account, towards enabling; Jbis augment his forces by fea and land, and to tafce/^ for the fecurity of his dominions, as may be	the

prefent conjuncture.	j rjf[> \ ^Vr?

XIX.	And it is hereby alfo enabled. That oid o^atf’or *ny the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there (h^l ’,apd inay be i(Tued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceeding forty thousand four hundred eighteen pounds levep fhlllyjjp and eight pence, upon account, for fupporting and nulbtaipmg the fettlement of his Majesty’s colony of Nova Stotid (ovrdpG

one thousand feven hundred and fifty five; and any fpmpr lums *,957l-.*os.for of money not exceeding two thousand nine hundred fifty &Yen defraying the pounds and ten shillings, upon account, for defrayjitethe charnel** of 1 ges of the citfil eftablilhment of bis Majesty’s ©piggyp^Georgia* Georgia.	"	*

10.0001.	for the Britifli forts, 8cc. on the ooaft of Africa.

6.0001.	towards building a fort at Anamaboe.

6.0001.	to-

and other incidental expences attending the	the

twenty fourth day of June one thouland (even hun^rea ^nd fifty four, to the twenty fourth day of June one thoufanp fpyep hundred and fifty five; and any fum or funis of money,, not exceeding ten thousand pounds, to be employed in main^ming, and fuppofting the Britijh forts and fettlements upon thp xoal^ of Africa j and any fum or fums of money not exceedipgj^thoi*-fand pounds, towards the expences incurred invbiulmggvg^>rt at Annamaboe\ and any fum or fums of money, not p^ped^ fix thousand pounds, towards laying out, making ?p(^keeping

road from *« fCPjr *™df ^ /or'**	of	troops

Carliflc to from c,ty °f Carhjle to the town of Newcajlle upon lypeyixxd Ncwcaftlc.	any fum or fums of money not exceeding three thouf^dj^unds,

3,oool. to to be paid to Thomas Stephens, as a reward for di/epypring his phenT*for dif- Pct^od °f making pot a Of, and introducing that p)anu£?uSmre covering the "*nto Britijb plantations in America.

* " XX. And it is hereby further enadted by the authority

faid, That the faid aids and fupplies provided as aforefaid, (ball not be iflued or applied to any life, intent or purpofe wharfq-ever, other than the ufes and purposes before-mentioned, or for the several deficiencies or other payments diredted to be fatisfied thereout by any act or adts, or any particular clause or claufes

for

method of making pot-a(h.

Thefe aids to be applied to no other ufes.

1755*] Anno viccfimo oftavo Georgii II. c. 22."	309

for that purpofe contained in any other a ft or afts of this pre-fent fe^ctt.oTbariiment., 1	\

XXIillAtt?fas tb the faid fufii of forty feven thousand pounds Rules to be by thisift^bi^opriated oh account/of half pay as aforefaid, it obferved in is hereby* enacted and declared bv theauthority aforefaid, That on the ruf& hei'eln after preferibed (nail be duly obferved in the ap- pa„ plicadoapf1 tyre find hafff-pay; that is to fay, That no perfon^ ihall have or receive any part of the feme, who was a minor, and under Ae age of fixteen years, at the time when the regiment, troop drbbrnpiny, in which he ferved, was reduced; that no person (K&lijave or receive any part of the fame, except fuch persons *hbdidaftual fervice in fome regiment, troop or company ; that no person having any other place or employment of profit, civil dr military, under his Majesty, shall have or receive any part 6f the'faid half-pay; that no chaplain of any garrifon or regiment, who has any ecdefiaftical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, (haH have or receive any part of the faid half pay; that no person Ihall have or receive any part of the fame, who has refigned hisr commiflion, and has had no commifiion fince; that no part of the fame shall be allowed to any person by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to fuen persons who would have been otherwise intitled to the fame as reduced officers; and that no paft of the fame shall be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, latel^ difbanded in Ireland, except to fuch as were lately taken off the eftabliftiment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XXlly jnd whereat by an aft of parliament made and pajfed in l7Gea*,c,io. the twenty feverith war of his Majejfty's reign (intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty a certain fum of money therein mentioned out bf flie finking fund ; and applying certain fdrplus monies remaining in the exchequer for the fervice of the year one thoufahd feyen hundred and fifty four; and for the further difpofitiori of the (inking fund, by paying thereout the remain-	(

dcrof the flirt* advanced on the credit of the duty on fwects,and the interdflt thereof; and for carrying the faid duty to the faid fund; andTdrthe further appropriating the fupplies granted in	v

this session of parliament; the several fupplies which had been granted	,

to his Majefa as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to the several ufes and purposes therein exprejfei; amongft which any fum or Jums of money\ ‘exceeding fifty-five thousand pounds^ was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majefty's land forces and marines, fubjeft nev&thekfs to fuch rules to beobjerved in the application of the fasd half-pay, as in and by the aforefaid aft were preferibed in that	'

behalf: now k is hereby provided, enafted, and declared, by the Application of authority aforefaid. That fo much of the faid fum of fifty five	as.°*

thoufand pounds as is or shall be more than fufficient to fatisfy p^priare^hv the faid reduced officers, according to the rules preferibed by 175*, to the the faid aft to be obferved in the application thereof, or any part pa tient of fuch overplus, shall and may bedifpofed of to fuch officers ^ ,ccd who are maimed or loft their limbs in the late wars, or fuch ce l#

Others as by rcafon of their long fervice or othtrwife, his Ma- f

X3	jefty

Anno vicefinv) o&wo Gboroh II. C.AJ. [1755.

jefty shall judge to be proper ohjcAt of charity*	wi-

dows or children of fuch officers according warrants under his Majefty'a royri	fign-

cd in that behalf; any thing iat&sa&p or	aft,

to the contrary notwithftanding* ->j: ■ — -v -l\ ‘W;v^ fo'dw

An act to enable the churchwardens, ovcrfterS? pft$'&fbdbi~ tants of the parijb of Saint Saviour, in the	of	|

Southwark, in the county uf Surry, t& batt^mstket within the 1aid parijb, not interfering wHbltbe in the faid borough.	.	v	'

WHEREAS a market hath for a long trafi\ in the parijb of Saint Saviour in the him Southwark in the county of Surry, by virtue of dp fopai^bdrter granted to the mayor, commonalty, and citizens Edward the ftxtb, and continued and made perpetnfflby^ qfi	jf

parliament, intituled, An a61 for erecting a judicature ^determine differences touching houfes burnt and detnoiifhed^4if the late dreadful fire in Southwark: and whereas by the bufljbfefv/ifjeu of the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the city of Lou^n* mon council ajfembled, it hath been reprefeuted, That ibefmenorict now held in the common Jlreet, which is a great thoroughfarrfor #11 carriages and cattle, continually pofling to and from the toflrfties sf Kent, Surry, and Suflex, is become a nufance by meatts^i^ gfgat number of carts, flails and Jlands, placed and fet up iu^mmtxthe fame, and therefore praying for leave to give up the fqidmuxkitymd the profits arifing thereby, for the convenience and accommp^ipnWtfy c. 9. publick: and whereas by an aft made andpafled in this fir^pt ffflw* of parliament, in confequence of fuch petition, intituledp An aa to prevent the holding of any market for the future in the high ftreet of the borough of Southwark jn the county of Surry; it is enabled, That from and after the twenty fifth day of. Inarch \n the year of our Lord one thousand [even hundred and fifty fix, nf tpa rigt whatfoever /hall be kept or held in the faid highJlreet of the borough of Southwark in the county of Surrjr: and whereas it it neetjjary for the benefit and accommodation of the inhabitants of the ffld borough af Southwark, and the neighbouring towns and village* that it mMet Jbovld be Jlill Continued as near as conveniently mgr li fe \tj?o plan where it is now held, and the churchwardens, werfeers^tf th* fm* and inhabitants of the parijb of Saint Saviour, 1within rough, are defirous to ere ft, hold and maintain fuch mar behind Jmre found out a convenient place for that purptfe, near the prefer Mrbrt*

. within the faid parijb tf Saint Saviour, to wit, apiece if ground in which is contained a fpot called The Trigngfc, abutting 0* & pkee called the Tiimftile, on the back fide of Three Crown ward, on Fowle Lane, and buildings in Rpchefter	£)irty

Lane northward, and towards Deadman’s	but

whereat fuch new market cannot h* wfled, held wd maintained, m

C A P. XXIU.

v\\	'X

1 j--'/	i'r.

many

t 1755.J zAxm vicefiaM)coftava Georgii II. c. 24;

I	Hf&mvcd	wbubmay arife in thtpurchufc of the

! groi)dphHifio ancbMbtP buildings tbatJbaU be found mejjaty to be I made tyeffa that fUtpofb fyroaftm.of legal difabiliues, which 1 them(xcupiff*mtty bemaor t*difptftrif tie fme\ all which cannot be done and eff£&teglty>earnisA into execution* otherv wife than, by the aid and OUtfarfy °f parliament 1 may it therefore pleaft your Majesty, atfh* Jniiyer of the churchwardens, over-ieer?*l tt^e poQiv aad inhatotajtttof the fiiid pariflj of Saint Sj-tww bproqgh of S^hwarh* that it may be enabled, £sV.

Comjxnffiafte^ typbihted to let out the feite of the market i purchafe thereof!?® after4v£rd# made bythe pariih. Right of holding the market add tolls, &c. veftedSn the churchwardens and inhabitants. No pro-viAons, &c. to be fold without licence, within xooo yards of the bounds of the market, .fbyand draw excepted. Penalty 5I. Juftices may mi-tsgtte' penults. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter-femons,

&c. Proceedtogsnof rt moveable by Certiorari. Perfons interefted in lands,	fet out for the fcitoof the market, impowered to fell the fame.

Pfrjbn^dilabled, or refilling to treat, notice to be. given them that the value -will be fettled by a jury. Jury to aflels the recompence on oath.

Ventfft to be recorded, &c. Upon payment of the purchafe-money, con* ▼eyaueeto M executed. Where the title can’t he made good, &c. Pur-chafe money tjo be paid into the bank, and' receipt to be given for the feme'} apd to be entered on record. Lands.afterwards to veil in pariflii* oners. ' Pta^afe money fubieft to the ufes the lands were limited to.

After paymolf, lands may be converted into a market. 6,oool. may be nufed ’ibv snhking neceflknrpurchafa, and building the market * or the ground mxtf brletouton building leafes. Money borrowed may be raif-ed by aaqujti^s, not exceeding fi. per cent. Annuities not to exceed 4801. per annum, to by; paid quarterly. Names of annuitants, and Aims pid, tp be entered in books. Annuities to be for lives of the persons nominated bjr contributors, and to be tax free. Receipts to be given to contributors, and order for payment of annuities. Annuities may be af-Agited. Amniiitiea payable out of the rents, &c. of the market. Deficit encies to bo made good by a rate. Payment of facb rates gives no fettle* meot. Market, See. veiled in churchwardens and pariih in trull for the uies beteSm declared. Publick aft.

C AP. XXIV.	.............

An aS to indemnify persons who have omitted tenqtialify tbem-felvesfer offices and promotions within the time limited by law •,	and-for allowing further time for that purpefe.

WHEREAS divers persons who on account of	,

places, employments or profefftons, or any other caufe or occa-fitn,	tufhtto have	taken andJubfiribtd the oaths or the ajfurance re-

fpebively appointed to be by fitch persons, in and by an all made in the firfl year if the reign of his h>te tnajeffy King George^ of glorious memory (entitled. An a<ft for the further fecurity of his Majesty’s , peribn Bttd government, .and the fuccelfion of the crown in the heirs of thelate- princeis Sophia 3being proteftants; and for ex-tinguifhing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and fetffet abettors) orto'have qualified themfehes according to on all	made ih the thirteenth year of the reign of King Charles the 13 Car. s.

Second (intituled,- An a<ft for the well governing and regulating corporations) tt to have qualifitd-ehtmfilves according to another alt

X 4	made

m

1 Geo. 1. c.

c. t.

9i»

*}C

further time allotted to

Annav^cflinaoftavo G®o&on II. c. [1755*

> made in the 4v^tyfifth year ef the mg n if King Charles the Second (intituledr j^\ *■$ &r the ptreVtsmogdangers whiehtmay happen from pppi()i re«^aiHi) if ramttng tbefairambet^tbosLoerds fuPP*r9 affording to the ufage if fourth of YLA$ondt$ aetd tooting and fubfir thing, the declaration Ogmeifi draifajiautiotien therm* men* tioned, have through ignorance of the lathy aMmey mfimnk unavoidable accident, omitted to take and fubfetibe the Jtidoemaydnd affu~ ranee, or otherwife to qualify tboeyebes ataforefiddy obit fat fucb timty and in fucb manner> os in and, the jaid\aBf refpe&eoely, or by an other aB of parliament in that bejbalf made and cprqmied, is required, whereby they may be in, danger of incurring ditmo penalties and dijabilities; for quieting the minds of his ^jetty’s fuhje&s, and for preventing any inconuenkncksthat might lOtbmrwife happen by means of fuch omiflionf; be it enaded bfithfc&upg’s moft excellent M^efty, by and with the advice and confect of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in.tbis present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That >cr- all and every person and persons, who shall on or before the Ions who Have twenty eighth day of November one thousand feven h\njdred and omitted to fifty five, take and fubferibe the faid oaths and affu ranee refpcc-qoalifjr them-! lively, in fuch cafes wherein by law the find oaths or atfbrance ftWotf ought to have been taken or fubfcribed, in fucb manner and form, and fuch place and places, as are appointed In and by the laid alt made in the firft year of the reign of his faid^Ute ma-jefty King George, or by any other ad or ad* of parluuncnt in that behalf made and provided, and ajfo to receive Jpe &cra-fnent of thb lord’s fupper according to the ufage ofj tj of England* and to make and fubfcribe the find 4 * gainft tranfubftantiation, in fuch cafes whereu^ I iment ought to have been received, and the fak dtt^i^t! to have been made and fubfcribed, shall be and axeherefc nified, freed and difeharged from and agaihft all penaj feitures, incapacities and difobjlities incurred or tqbe Incurred for or by reafon of any former negled or omiflwnj. oftaking or fubferibing the faid oaths or aflurance, or receiving^ $be focra-ment, or making or fubferibing the faid deckratioiycefoef3iye-ly, according to the above mentioned a#s, or any	>or

Km qua- any other a& or a#s concerning persons in officesj^^fies of ig within truft ; and is and are, and shall be, fully and actually recapaci-tated and reftored to the fame (late and condition as fuch per-dcn^oT&c f°n or P^rf°ns were before fuch negledt or omi(fion,*rid shall * ** # be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified	or

fhemfelves, according to the above mentioned a&^/ao4 every pf them; and that all alts done,91*.to be done by any ftich person or perfoqs, or by authority derived from him or them, are and shall be of the fame force and validity as the fatde, or any qf them would have been, if fuch person or persons bad taken the (aid oaths or aflprance, and received the facrafrierit qf the &ordV Supper, and made and fubfcribed the faid declaration - pelpe&ively, according to the direction of thefa^adty, and every pf them $ and that fuel* person or persons ouahfVibg themfelves

,iV)	»

^ church

i ought

yripdem-49s, for-

3*3

195$.] Anno vicesimo oftavo Gborgii II. C.25.--27.

in mannecsnd within the tjm# appointed by this aft, shall be to	inttnfs and =purpofes aB/cfifeftual as if fuch person or per-

(ons badr^fpeftively taken thefiud oaths and afluranee, and received the faevatnect, and rbadd and fubferibed the (aid dcclara-tron,tvnddrr>theninae and inthe manner appointed by the feve-ndafts before mentioned. '

H.V Provided1 always, Thar this aft, or any thing herein con- None to ^ tainedj ftnU.nbt extend, or be condrued to extend, to reftore reftored to of-or rntide any person or perfonj to any office or employment, Sees already benefice, tpatter or thing whatfoever, already aftually avoided by judgment ofany of hjs Majesty’s courts of record, or already	p"

fillwufkiiy tnjoyed by any olher perfon; but fuch office, em-pfoyttfent,i benefice, matter or thing fo voided, or filled up and enjoyed, ’ffiall be and remain in and to the person or persons who isor are now intitled to the fame, as if this aft bad never been made. - .•••••

CAP, XXV.

An 4$ continuing an aS, intituled, An act for encour-agi^g the making of Indie 0in the Britijh plantations in 'Mmwa.,.’

WffEZ E A S the law for encouraging the making of Indico jnfhe Britilh plantations in America, is found to be veryufe-M ana bfnefidal to the publicity and is fo near expiring, that it is fit it Jhoidd he continued; be It therefore enafted by the King’s mod excellentjfrujefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fptfitual and temporal, and commons, io t^is present par-Jiatbtcht^ffembled, and by the authority of the fame. That an aft tnade inthetwenty firft year of the reign of his present Ma-,iGeo.*.c.s9. jefyr, intituled. An ah for encouraging the making of Indico in Continued to J3nti(h plantations in America, which was to continue in force *5 Mafch for feveh years from the twenty fifth day of March one thousand l?6*9 &c# feven hundred and forty nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, shall be, and the fame is hereby further tofitiilued from the twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven htfcdred and fifty fix, until the twenty fifth day of March-one thousand feven hundred and sixty three; and from thence Jto the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. XXVI.

An aft ,fpr repairing and widening the road from the high bridge in the ^own qf fUmfey, in the county of Huntingdon, through King's Ripton,

. to ^he weft, end of ?aint Peter's Lane in the parish of Saint John, within the borough of Huntingdon.

/	CAP.	XXVII.

An act for explaining* amending, and making more etfeftual, several afts of pariiartient relating to the maintenance and employment of the poor Of ttietfoWh of Kinglton upon Hull; and for better paving, prefenring, and cUanfing the ftreeta, Iquares, lanes and alleys, in the mid town, and preventing obftruftiOtit therein ; and for preferring the lamps, which shall be let up to enlighten the ltreets of the laid town, ana fecuring the property pf fuch lamps tp the owpert.

CAP.

Anno vkefima o&awo Gbosqu II. c. 28.-37.	[*755.

CAPiacxvni.

An *fti fop Pepaifiwg and widening thef0*4, from Sutton in the county of $any* through the borough of KeigM£, by Sjdlow MiB,r,to Puvey Croft, and from Sutton aforefaid throng Cheap* **4*090* Howell Hill to Ewell; and alfo the road from Tadworth by the Wind Mill, to the bottom of Pebble Hill in the. (hid.county.^

CAP, XXIX. :\V\r?,Vv/-/

An act for continuing and rendering more efleftual an a£f paired in die ninth year of the reign of hiapnefent Majefy* intituled* 4mu? for earn-tinning the duty of /oua jennies teats* er one Jepcth qf a pe&f flexing* m every pint of ale and beer% that /ball be vended or fold 'within the city of Glafg<nvt and for extending the fame, rotr tbe villages of Gorbek wed Fort GUfeovs* and privileges tboreqfyfor the bpte/U of tbe /aid city wed villages*

CAP. XXX.

An act to continue and render more eflfeftual two afts of parliament paired in the fixth and twelfth years of the reign of bis late majefty King George, for repairing the roads from Stevenage in the county of Hertford, to Biglefwade m the county of Bedford ; and for repairing tbe roads from the north end of the (aid roads to the toll-gate at the north end of the laid town of Biglefwade.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for repairing and widening the several roads tfatreiy mentioned, leading to, through and from, the town of Momadut^h.

. CAP, XXXII.	*

An |ft for eftahlifhing, maintaining and well governing, xwghtty watch within the city of Bnftol.

CAP. XXXUI.	-

An act for repairing the road from the north end of BfowriVtane in Great Stoughton in the county of Huntingdon, through Kimbofcon and Highara Ferrers, to the way poll near Wellingborough bridge in the county of Northampton, and from th^pound in Kirabolton to tbe way port in Great Cat worth Field, near Bnngton Bridge, in. the faid county of Huntingdon.	j.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for curetting and budding a *ew chapel in the town of Wolverhampton in the county of Stafford.

CAP. XXXV.

a An act for repairing the road from a certain place in Bury i* the county of Huntingdon, through Wavboys, GW Hnrfo Saint Ives, Hilton, El-tiflev, Warefley, Gamhngay and Potton, to a houfe called tne Spread Eagle in Stratton, within the ieveralcouatJcs of Huntingdon, Cambridge - ana Bedford.

CAP. XXXVI.

' An act to continue and render more effeftual several afts for repairing the road from Stump Crofs to Newmarket Heath, and the town 6? Cambridge; for repairing tbe road from Foulmire to Cambridge; and for repairing other ruinous parts of the highways adjacent to the road from Foulmire to Cambridge.

CAP. XXXVfy

An aft foe the better enlightening and ekan&ng thfl opeapjaoea, fquares, -ftneeti, lanes, , alleys, paflagea and courts, , within the porifo of Saint Bartholomew tbe Great, tandem ; andtrogulating thcfcightly watch *nd .t beadles within the faidpnridi#	1	b	^

CAP.

1755*3 Anna vicesimo oftava Gxoftoii 1L «,88.-4^

CAPiXXXVHI.

An atMbrtbe fowttr relief jM trtipJoyrttnt of «b« poor of tk. borough , of Dunfcrtutfl nthetwife LtuUteiloii, and panto of Stint Maty Mag*, difewtt ttec^

1	C A P. XXXIX.

An act for enlarging the fourthy ear of nis prefcnt

j an aft of the twenty

y’jrcign,lnpt ulcd, if* a? forrrpairiug tb*

iirW roihtr^ sf Edtidrirgb, to and frbm the city of Edinburgh, and ’ Jrm ^dtamtfd tndgy to tHu townif Qgun't Fmry m tbf county of uulitk* gm^tafT&r snaking the feul aft more efreftuat

-	;•	CAP.	XL.

An aft repairing and widening the road from the town of Market Jiarborough jn the county of Leicefter, through the town of Lutterworth in?th^ ijud county, to the dty of Coventry.

y^/'V	CAP,	XU.

An aft far enlightening tip ftrceu and lanes, and regulating the pave* r meats, in the town of Leeds in the county of York*

CAP. XIU.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft parted in the

. piurtr year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads leading worn Henley Bridge, in the county of Oxford, to Dorchefter Bridge, and from thence ho Culbam Bridge, and to a place called Mile Bone, in the road leading to Magdaieirondge in the laid county, and far widening tbe iaid roods* ana alio for repairing and widening the jnpads leading from the end of Cnlkasn Bridge next to Culham, in the county of Oxford, tp the end of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon in the county of Berks, and from the Mayor's Stone at the end of the Boar g^foet iu ths town of Abingdon afoneuid, to Shippon in the faid county 01 Berks, and from thence to the weft end of the town of fyfield in the fame county.

- " ^	CAP.	XLHI,

Art aftIbr eftabll^hing and maintaining a ferry acrofs the river Thames, between the hamlet of Ratcliff in the county of Middlcfex, and the pa-rifh of Rotherhithe in the county of Surry.

CAP. XLIV.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Bafingftoke through Wortin, Overton, Whitchurch, Hurfborn Pryors, Andover, and Middle Wallop, in die county of Southampton, to a place called Lobcomb il CorneHn the parito of winterifow in the county of VV'ilcp,

CAP. XLV. :

An act for widening and repairing the road leading from Horfham in the county of Suflfex through CaperU Dorking, Mickfebam, and Leather-bead, to the watch-houfe in Ebbi/nam in the county of Surry $ and from Capen to Stone Street in the parish of Ockley ip the faid county of Stirry. 1

CAP.XLVL

An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from the Crofs of Hand near Fmford Bridge in the county of Warwick, through the town of Southam in the fame county, to the borough of Banbury in the county of Oxford, and from the Guide Port in the village of Ad-derbury in the fame county, through KidHngton, to the Mile way leading tbwards the city pf Oxford; and alfo the mart leading from a place called the Two Mile Tree pear the city of Oxford, over Gosford,

other.

PS

Anno vicesimo o&avo Georgii II. c 47.-56. [1755J

otherwife Goflard Bridge, to a certain gate entering upon Wefton on the Green in the laid county.

CAP. XLVII.

An act for repairing and widening th read from The Hand and Poft at the top of Burford Lane in the county of Gloucefter, to Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Halford Bridge in the county of Warwick $ and alfo the road from The Gro& Hands on Salford Hill, to The Hand and Toft in the parish of DowdefweU in the county of Gloucefter.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads therein mentioned, lying within thf borough of Droitwich in the county of Worcefter, or leading from the faid borough, to the foveral places therein mentioned, in the (aid county.

CAP. XLIX.

An act for repairing aud widening the road from Chudleigh Bridge in the parish of Hennock, in the county of Devon, through tne town and borough of Alhburton, to Brent Bridge in the parish of South Brent, in the laid county.

CAP. L.

An act for amending and widening the roads from the weft end of Toller Lane near Bradford, through Haworth, in the county of York, to a place called Blue Bell near Colne, in the county of Lancaster, and from a place called the Two Laws to Keighley, in the faid county of York.

CAP. LI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Thirsk, over Skipton Bridge, through Baldersby, to Baldcrsby Gate, adjoining to Hutton Moor, in the way to Ripon, and through Ainderby Quernhow, and Nofterfield, by Well-llalhes Gate, to Maiham ip the county of York ; and likewife for removing the toll-houfe and turnpike gates at Busby Stobb in the faid county, to lome other convenient place in the road leading from Borough Bridge to the city of Durham.

CAP. LII.

An act for amending, altering, continuing, and making more, effie&ual* two aftj of parliament made in the second and feveoteenth years of his preferii Majefty'a reign, for repairing the roads from Coleghill in the county of Warwick, through tne city of Litchfield, to Stone in the county of Stafford, and from thence to the city of Chefter, and several other roads in the laid afts mentioned3 and for enlarging the term and

' powers in the Dud several afts.	*

CAP. LUI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Rochdale So Burky in the county of lancafter.	,	^	.,

CAP. LIV.

An act to enable the reverend William Markham doftor of Jaws, *nd Thomas Salter efquire, to build houfes, and open a fquare in and upon a certain piece of ground called Dean's Yard, Weftminiier,' and several pieces of ground contiguous thereto.

CAP. LV.

An act for building a bridge over the water or haven between the town of Sandwich, and the oppohte (bore, in the county of &ent.

CAP. LVI.

An act to enable the parilhioners of the parish of the Holy Trinity in , i	Guide-

1756*] Anno vicesimo n6no GeorgiIII. t. fj

Guldcford in the county of Surry, to (ell divers houfes, lands, rents and annuities in the faid parith, and 14 Stoke next Guldefofd aforefaid ; and to apply the money anting by dale thereof towards rebuilding their pa* ntoxwebi^and ibr other pwpofea therein mentioned.

Cap. lvii.

An aftfbf amending1, widening, and keeping in repair the roads from Epfom.^th^oath Ewell to Tooting, and from Ewell to Kington upon Thames and Thames Dittos is the county of Surry*

CAP. LVIII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from the town of Manchester, by a place called the White Smithy in the townfhip of Crumpfal, to the town of Rochdale, and from the faid place called the White Smithy, by a place called Befies of the Barn, to the town of Bury, and from the laid place called Beties of the Barn to Radcliffe Bridge in the county palatine of Lancafter.

CAP. LIX.

An act for repairing, widening and amending the road from Cocking End near Addingham in the weft riding of tne county of York, through Kildwick, to Black Lane End in the county palatine of Lancafter.

CAP. LX.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from the town of Leeds in the weft riding of the county of York, through Otley, Skipton, Colne, Burn)ey awl Blackburn, to Burfcough Bridge in Walton in the county of Lancaster, and from Skipton, through Gisburn and Clithcroe, to Ptefton in the faid county of Lancafter.

Anno	Regni GEORGIIII# Regis

Britanniccy Francice, SP Hibernia, vice-jimomno.

A T the parliament bigun and holdtn at Weftminfter, the Jt\. thirty firft day of May, Anno Dorn. feven hundred and fifty font, in the twenty the reign of our fovereign lord Georg	by	the

grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c.’ Ahd from thence continued by fevered prorogations to the thirte day ^November one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, being the third session of this present parliament. >

qAp.i.

An aft fbr tinning and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, ttiurtvcyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thouland (even hundred and fifty fix. EXP.

<oT (tt.lJ 0f.\	:	7	**■'.	\	-	'	'	*

,	«	CAR

Anno viceliino ftono Geoxgii II. c. 2,3,4;	tr75^«

CAP. II.

An act for granting an aid to his Majetty by a land tax, to be raifcd in Great Bntain, tor the fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix •, and for the relief of the inhabitants of the city and county of the city of Lincoln, in refpeft of arrears of the land tax. EXf. At 4 s. in the pound.

CAP. III. -

An act for punching mutiny and deferbon; and for the better payment of the army and theiT opmittcu EXP. '-'T

CAP. |V.	’	>

An aB far the fpeedyand ejfefkodrecruiting cf &s Mafffis land forces and marines. ^ ^ ’

1117 HERE AS for recruiting his Majesty’s land fmn^mdvta-** rines it is necejfary that a new fupply of men be forthwith raif-id within the kingdom of Great Britain, by common content and grans in parliament j be it therefore enaded by the King's moft excellent maiefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritua! and temporal and compiona in this prefcntpsurliament affembted, and by the authority of the fame. That yri^hmand throughout the leveral and refpedive counties, (hires* figwart-Aleyofabte rfes, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, parUhes, towns ** and places of Great Britain, a fpcedy and eflfedual Jeyy pf able bodied men to ferve his Majesty as foldiers shall be forthwith had, made, pradifed and put in execution, according to the rules and directions of this present ad.	„

II.	And it is hereby further enaded. That the juices of the JuiHces, com- peace of every county, (hire, ftewartry, riding, liberty or place, the land” °f	Great	Britain, and all and every the persons who- were

tax, and ma- named, or otherwife appointed to be commimoners for putting giftrates of	in execution an all of parliament made and palled at WfAwmfler

burghs, to	jn the twenty eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty,

uecution? m intituled, dn afl for granting an aid to bh Majesty by a lanftx tax to be raifcd in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thmfand feven hundred and fifty five; and for the relief of the inhabitants of the county of Lincoln, in refpeft of arrears of tba land iax*> or any fubfequent ad or ads of parliament for that puipofe*,within the several and refpedive counties, (hires, ftewartrief, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns and places therein, particularly exprefled, who are ftili livings and have duly qualified themfelves according to the faid ads, or shall duly qualify them-felves accusing to this present ad in that behalf, (nail bgppmmif-fioners for putting in execution this present ad, and the powers therein contained, within and for the fame counties (hires, (tewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns and places of Great Britain for which they were fo named pr appoint-• ed refpedively; and that all and every the other persons* who are named or otherwife appointed to be cpmmifliopers fpr putting in execution an ad pafled in the present (efljon of pst&ament, intituled, An at1 for granting an aid to bis Majesty by a land tax to

w	be

1756.3 Anno vicesimo ndno Geor&ii II. c. 4;	319

bt raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the fear one thoufani feven hundred and fifty fix; and for the relief of the inhabitants of the city and county of the city of Lincoln, in refpeft of arrears of the land tax, within or for the Arid counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns and places, or any of them refpedtively, or fuch .of the pcrfons laft mentioned* as shall alfo duly qualify themfelves according to this a<5t in tha€ behalf, shall alfo be commiflioners for putting in execution this present adt, and the powers therein contained, within and for the lame refpedtive counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, ci~> ties, boroughs, cinque ports, towns and places of Great Bri-tain for which they are fo named or appointed refpedtively; and that all and every the juftices of the peace and raagifttates of corporations and burghs in any part of Great Britain, who are or shall be in any of his Majesty’s commifliens of the peace, or in the magiftracy of fuch corporation or burgh, at any time daring the execution of this adt, who shall duly qualify themfelves according to this present adt in that behalf (although not fpeci-ally named or appointed commiflioners by the faid adt) shall be likewife commiflioners for putting in execution this present adt, and all the powers therein contained, within the limits of their commifiiohs and jurifdidtions refpectively 5 all which commifii-oners by this adt intruded with the execution of the feme, are hereby itrictly enjoined and required to ufe their utmoft care and diligence that his Majesty’s fervice, in making fiich levies as afore&id, be not difappointed or negledted.

lIL Aad be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, ^ . (heriffs* That the high (heriff of every county, or his deputy, immedi- &cTupon no! attly upbh WceiVing notice for that purpofefrom thcfecretary at ricefrom thev wats'‘(MKrend precepts to their refpedtive bailiffs, or others fecmatyat ^ whqarerlifaally employed to fummon juries, diredtine them figfMft&tt fhe several juftices of the peace and commiflioners of SimnSning jl Within their refpedtive divifions, to attend at the the curamu- ' ufqfcptafee^F meeting in every divifion upon a certain day infiw*«rt to ^ ; th* ^precepts named, within the time limited by the fecreta-incct'

(Notice of which day shall be fent to the war office up- K . onthsififangof the precepts t>y the (heriff) to qualify themfelves fo^th^^Ct^tk>n of this adt; and the faid commiflioners (hailingto be fent tlwnafldthere appoint the several times and places for the fuc- to the war of-cstipi^ taeetfflgs in each of their refpedtive fub-divifions during of this adf; and the faid juftices of the peace aMncbmm'kfftoners of the land tax shall at fuch meeting ifliie precepts to their ptettpts to the high cdnftables, headborough* or other the high con. pfb|^<^t?et^ ^or the refpedtive hundreds, lathes, rapes, wa-ftaWcs> pettttfkgt of Other fub-divifions within the. (aid counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings or divifions as aforefaid; which precept shall contain aetount of the times and places appointed for the. futccodihg>cme>tf?ngs, and' shall be returnable on a day therein to te	twenty	day*,	and	not	lefsthan fourteen .

days*	of	Iflumg	thereof; and fuch high.coofta-v

bits* lveadb6rou^i| or other proper officers ar^h^efyremind '• '• "S "•	 if	'	'	forth-

^ Jr*

320	Anno	vicefimo	nono OEORGii IT. C.4T X*%5&

Jbrthwkht» fignify die timesand placerappoinstd tec fuebjftee^ angi tothe&verai-ctaiknillanen rrfiding within tbeic-fcfy<ft>iw and give no* .diftri&s j and.the laid commiffiooers aflcmbledwt focfe4r&**mt> tfce to fuch ing to qualify themfelves as aforefaid* shall aMo gjvonoriee of eersMitlMdl* the t*09c and P*«* amle*ery focceeding diesting ip beap-attend. pointed as aforefaid, to fuch military officer or officers as -(hid!

be direded to attend this fervice, who shall demand the e. Sheri® to be IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enaded, TbatoU jrttt-abowed the	fonable charges or expences incurred by any fluriff. or, deputy

pence*‘	fheriff in the execution of this ad, shall be allowed iothie «c-

counts of fuch (heri(F at the receipt of bis Majesty’s exchequer* Times &c. V. And be it further enacted by the authority afbrcfakl. That of meeting for the jufticesof the peace for the cities of London and.^^qtiit/SWv London and in their quarter fdGons, together with fuch commiflianers for) t^tefattled t ^	°***e8	as may beprefent at the faid quarter-feffions(hall

the quarter-*1 an<^ may down and appoint the several times and places qf feffious, &c, meeting of the faid commissioners within the (kid dries respectively, provided there be not more than three meetings ap-pointed on one day within each of the faid cities, nor more given*to°the than two days in one week; of which meetings the refpcdlve admiralty and clerks of the peace for the faid city shall give timely norietto the} fecretary at admiralty and officeof his Majesty’s fecretary at war, in order that, war-	the (aid commissioners may be attended by proper effi&is Jofc

receiving fuch imprefled men as aforefaid.	i)-

Three com- VI. And it is hereby further enadted by the authority qfore-midioneri im> (aid. That.the faid commissioners, or apy three or,, more of povecedto them, in their refpedtive places or ftations, shall he andarq Mweherebi” hereby authorized, and impowered to raise and levy,, and_to defcribed; caufe.to be raifed and levied, at any time or time$ during pe, continuance of this adt, withiorfheir several limits and jurjfific-^ tions, fuch able-bodied men as do not follow or exerafe IjW lawful calling or employment, .or have not fome qthqf and fufficient fupport and maintenance, to ferve his hfa]dxvjjf .	...	foldiers •, and to require and, command all and every"the mgb.

the affiftance cohftables, churchwardens, overfeers of the poor, petfy con^-( of parilh and bles, headboroughs and tithingmen, and other pariflxarid^towfj^ town officers, officers, or any of them within their refpedtive limits and jmu-didlions/to be aiding and affifting to them tlte faid commifllohn ers, or any three or more of them, in the performance or ®s and meet in his Majesty’s fervice ; and for that purpofe the faid commiffififc, their lub-divi- ers, or any three of them, are to meet in their refpedtive fiSB-, fions, and if- djvifions according to the appointment of the juftices and Coril*. fearch"^!-- miflioners as aforefaid, and to iffiie out their warrants Ujidfisf rants, &c. for their hands and feals, thereby requiring and commanding (|&h persons with- churchwardens, oveileers of the poor, petty conftables, ptefd--10 the deferip- boroughs, tithingmen or other parilh or town officers^ 'or^elfe’ t>on*	requiring and commanding the faid high conftables,'to"fffi>6

their precepts to fuch churchwardens, overfeers, petty corfRa-bles, headboroughs, tithingmen and other parilh qhd toWifidf-• ficers as aforefaid, every or any of them, to make ot'Ckdre'to be made a general fearch within tbeir refpedtive parilhes, towp-'	*'	1	(hips.

1756*] Anno ticeiknoAoito GborgIi II. c.4:	5*1

(hips, cohfaMewick* or	e&crplaces, for att £befa .perfons

as they can find, who are orlhafi 'appear to them to he within the deferiptton of this «&, . and to bring a]} fuch persons before the commissioners, who have power <0 execute this a&, in and for fuch county, rfhire, ftowartry, riding-or di-vificm, at fuch time and place as ihall have been appointed by the juftices and commifiioners as aforefaid for the second meet* ang of the bid commissioners m their refpedive fub-divifions, which time and place shall be prefixed in the (aid warrants and precepts refpeftively; and afterwards the faid cominiffioners within their refpe&ive limits and divifions shall meet at fuch convenient time or times as they shall think fit, in order to ifiue their like warrants or precepts for making general fearches for persons within the (aid description, and for bringing- them before the commiiTioners at any future times and places appointed by the juftices and commissioners as aforefaid, during the continuance of this a&.

yIX- Provided always. That in cafe the second meeting »- If the ftCond pointed to be held m any fubdivifion, shall be at fo great a dif- meeting be tance of time as may render it inconvenient to iflbe warrants for toodiftant, bringing persons before fuch commissioners at the second meet- commissioners ing, then the commissioners of fuch fub-divifion refpe&ivelySvSoBsriaT may adjourn themfelves to fome convenient day, previous to adjourn to % fuch second meeting, in order to iflue their warrants as aforefaid. previous day.

VIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded, That it

lhall and may be lawful to and for the churchwardens, over- ^nTmetting leers of the poor, conftabies, head boroughs, tithingmen andtbepaiiffioi-other officers of any parifti or townftiip, or any of them, at any ficers may fe-time after the faid second meeting or the faid commissioners, £1,re futh P**-without tarrying for any fuch warrant or precept as aforefaid, v^hi^th^de-to fearch for, apprehend and fccure all or any fuch persons as feription, and they or any of them shall find, or shall appear to them or any convey them of them to be within the defeription of this ad, and to convey before com-them before the commissioners at their next meeting for lifting of foldiers, to be examined, and (if judged within the defeription of this ad) to be lifted, and delivered into his Majesty’s fervice, according to the true intent and meaning hereof.

IX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Commiffion-That the commissioners for executing this ad, who shall at-er*toexaimQ« tend this fervice at the place or places for lifting foldiers afore- 'I'5 persons, faid, shall ftridly examine the perfons'who iball be brought before them by the faid churchwardens, overfeers, conftabies, headboroughs, tithingmen or other parilh or town officers as

aforefaid \ and in cafe the faid commissioners, or the major part of them then prefent, upon examination of the persons fo brought before them, shall find that fuch persons shall come within the deferiptions herein mentioned, and the faid commissioners, and the officer or officers who shall be appointed to and if found receive the imprefled men, shall judge them to be fuch as are fortht hereby intended to be entertained as foldiers in his Majefty's c * fervicef then and in fuch cafe the faid commissioners shall caufe VoL. XXL	Y	fuch

$tfc

to deliver them over to th

Anno \4iefimo	OS

foeh perftnr fo.be overfeers, conftables,

1 fJft oi‘1towft1efficers, to fadfbfffiferydPt ; pottrte* <0 receive foch recruit^

givitig « receipt undar'vhtfV^ds^li&ad he «nen are (6 delivered to him w^tJWriif-. Whfthf-l’i • > het^v reoirifiMLtTVv'ive. .1

rnmos sHj icn

, forevery of the parish or town fo employed^’tithe n * and to their pains and fervices therein, twenty (htlfiti]

ofik&rrtogfrc 'i

receipts | herebyrequiredtogive.

X.* And be it further	:f

■- ^ers wb° ft11® receive fuch new'ibHW^RMsh,^

aoe man

^rdentTiiot ^	&***'Britain forevery man fo faifed^Srfd1 fhtf

exceeding 40s. forevery fuch new raifed man, who fhaDhtfvd' *“ nor left than any fum not exceeding forty ihiHSngs, hbrf^tfiWhif of lawful money" of Great Britain, inrtotheMtidfdP1 wardens or overfeers of the poor of fuch parjfh which fuch new raifed man (haH have gained il whofe wife or family may become chargeable W

5s. if fuch man have a wife and family |

m

as shall be fet- townfbip refpedlively ; which fum shall befotttSM^wi

............................Himmas

xniflioners present at the meeting when filth pWfl lifted, or any three or more-of theta, regard-b« number of children, or other particular circuinf person fo inlifted : and the sum of fixpence pet ing every fuch new mifed man, who shall be dehvfcWlf

oltvcei'sc

commiffion-

ft*s.

Able-bodied men only to be iniided $

KJDorougns, titnmgmen un« wen otner pantn w rownjot»-s, or any of them, according to thb judgment dtid fflfcnttroh

the faid commiflioners, or the major part of ^thttm

: /m. iq

tied by the commiflion-erii

and 6d. per diem to the

parifli officers, faid9 according to the number of days that the .

&c. for the jjjjj parjft| or town shall have kept hrtam have kept	Powcr® granted by this a<$, until filch dchVcry ‘f ‘ t H&fififd iJ

him.	lowancea,	in	cafe	of difpute, to be afeertained ^nd tfiftWbOW

Difputes to be to or amohgft the feid churchwardens, oveifem,ni66HSaMte fettled by the fceadborotlghs, tithingmen und fuch otherfferitti

cers, or any of them, according to thbjinlgmentdtidyffif&admh ofthe 1 font.

XI. Provided always. That no person 1_________________ _______

feid commissioners by virtue of this adt, who is ble-bodied man as is fit to ferve his Majdfty, and^&'ft^’frba ruptures, and every other diftemper or bodily weaknt&tar ^fa ^' taity, which may render him unfit to perform the tfutyjdSfh^v and none un- -dier, and that no man be inlifted for his Majeft^s^lelvfce?^ der 17, nor virtue of this adt, who shall appear in the opinion djFjfHfe

above 45 years miffibners or officer or officers appointed to receive fhe^T of age, nor	»a	u	*+.kUku

pa ptlts, nor who are under 5 feet 4

vx&K	XII.	And	it	is	hereby enadfed, and ftridHjr ei^oirted'W f£te

Allinhabi- authority aforefaid, That the inhabitants ©if thfcfypafim aWl t^nts required townftiip where any persons deferibed as afordiW-do libido %ir tob. afifting. are to be found, at the inftanceof an one or more tjf the'fcoti}-

f J	—	*	m A	J £ - rnm aIm a.	m m ■ ■ ■ - — C kl* Ilk .	1 t	f

miflioners appointed for the eXecuttonof thij a A, br <bf «iy

churchwarden, overfeer of the -poor, or id vparMhOf townlhip, shall (not having ar&Wf ... ^

eilrt*

e»fet-cufe

lS^TW<?r

m

___c^-tidcfmc j -,'t :y,r <o - 13/0 n " i

i^Lby-jh* aufrorMafcijefaid,, dct-Wto-be V? saatojr fre/a'tdcpmmdTlonr, appointed by

the comraif* their

(^,a^a4tt^ #,theirrpfpe<aive meetings in each iiib- aopointed for im^o>,he,lifted as aforefaid j and fuch ‘hefub-divi-- <■ jw flWlgpsftf ^5^ % labpur and pains in the |0 J, id ^ ex9f^twu9f!<JniSit^» frail b£ mtujed to, *nd shall receive for the officer t». eyOTjfp^wHp.Jhajl h* lifted,m pprfuance of this ad, at the frrevery man

S^wfcefeop they frail refpedtively attend* the Cum of two inM*ed*

$ of;! awful money of Gnat Britain, to he paid by the y<si9frcer wha frail receive fuch new railed men rcfpec-

K' t)f '• •

^XIVwrAWr^e it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. The second Xhatifre rfud commHuoners, or fuch of them as frail be pro- and lixtii artl-ttmtat, frchflieeting for lifting of foldiers as aforefaid* frail caufe fie* of war to top freppdrand frfth fedions of the articles of war againft muti- „*,Tr*alfcd 1 ’pfertion,, to be read to fuch new railed men in the pre- men>

the laid commissioners then there; and the laid com- Names of the mdhppgrs, or the major part of them preient, frail forthwith T1*"- Pa.nJ|» capfeaOt WVy Pr memorial to be made in a book or hooks to be j„~e&c 'tobe kppt^ fr^ or their clerks for that purpofe, of the names of enteredlkt a Xvph^npyf railed men* and of the parishes or places of their.laft book. a^odpi(if they can be.known) and of the time and place when p^d'Sfbpfp (uch men were delivered to the laid officers or per-	,

.fe^apptwn^d to receive them, and the names of the officers or -Wieived them, and for what regiment or pom party reived, and the futns paid; and frail caufe true Attefted eqp» duplicates of fuch entries, attefted by the laid commif- to be tranf-lioAers, or any three or more of them then prefent, within forty mitted within delivering fuch men as aforefaid, to be tranfmitted 4° days to the jPWt^Pdunifa'ty* or office of his Majesty’s fecrewry at war ^office, on (^t^pme-.fteing,, to he compared with the mufter-roll* and penalty of lot e^My^py^jifer every negledt or default in not tranfmiiting the faid)cupi?s1(y duplicates of fuch entries to the admiralty* or of-jfcp^the^erptary at war as aforefaid, lhall forfeit the Turn of v- j)gHpd§i,,one moiety thereof to the uf? of his Majesty, bis ,

^S,afWiuccepbrs,, and the other moiety to fuch person or per-§,Whi9frijU inform orfue for,the fame ip fome of the courts or the court of feffioos in Soiknd; and it is hereby declared. That the pay of every Xpch new raif- Comtnence-ed ^p^J^dphyeredto ttye officersor persons appointed to receive ment of fot-t^g^flS,,af<M;eifaid, frail commence from the time of his being ^,fr s Pay-. t?k§6.iipdipwppdcas aforpfaid,; and from and after fuchdelive-	'£ra™d'*

------^ ,J ^njJ Jpading fre .laid articles of war. every per- fddiers deem-

ria}kfee(q^^	foldier	tp	5\11	ipteqts	apd	cd robelUttd.

^fciP^e nf war, and in frail kc, proceed ageinft as a deferter by any lon 10 Y 2	Jaw

m w w1

3*4

•Annoticefano nofiQ GEQJH33 HI.

'n out of the jaw- t>ow/ Uxfbrw,'or bf any	^

foVcrim^nal	andnoperfen	fo	lifted	AaB	bed'iAblo,	to	ithcfekMi-yttJt

matters.

Officer* may fecure im-pr*$cdmtH.

.. notJ

if. ?. i

iPftJmatter. u.-	_,i /z.n	ib	A	bn£	\\a biic

M*yyy; ' XV- Provided always, That cw^ng.is l^^aAopWaibe^lihaH nmT^Mntiir k* conftrued b extend to impower tbefcid commHfionerf to&nfift by theofcen^ny person as a foldier, until tfisfevetal fuow hcTfiio dtrci&dd are firft pud. to be paid bythe relpective offiflerS&ppoitKeditofeeeiypO'ifosfo new raifed men, shall be firft paid to the per&ooc.pfrfo’tts *tc£-" r pectivdy authorized to receive the fame. .< c-Vatfe odrli Ln*

XVI.	And be it farther enacted by theiauthority aforofiuri. That the officer or.officers and cth^r perjbn oa-perfonaAppoifttod to attend the (aid commissioners, andtorficCiwe fuCfeimprafiftd. Rlen» (ball, in cafe he or .they shall find it OWsefliryjtfoCure fuch imprefled men in feme fecure houfe or place, to hClpth Defied by the juftices of the peace in, their petty or fpeodl Gtflwns for that purpofe i but in cafe no fuch houfe or1 ptattiftattibctfo provided, , then in the gaol of the county, towno* place- where

. fuch man shall be received into his Majesty’s feifvice^ prast.foe houfe of correction or other publick prifon of fuefr eounty*TOWn or place, where debtors are not ufually confined; t and.th03Wfep-er of fueh gaol, houfe of correction or prifon shall eeCeive-faCh Keeper to be imprefled men until they can be removed, witltoutfeeer Irpwtrtbi allowed their and fech keeper shall be allowed the ufual fabfifienee few foch fubfiftence men, during the time they shall remain there, fjrocMhe officer Chilufiaen by whom they shall be delivered as aforefeid ; and fhe obKfta-if reunited.to bfe*> headbproughs and other civil officers (hail.if reqairefiflfe be aiding in . a (lifting to fuch officer in conveying fuch manor-merttoftteh fecuringthem, .fecure place, gaol or houfe of correction, and (balirbft allowed f.nd.tJ°be.*1'- fach reafonable fum or fums as the major part of the odrtfmif-fioners then present shall appoint, to be paid.byithe officer ror officers who shall require fuch affiftance.	;■ ft ;■ ,-<t

XVII.	And it is hereby further enacted by (he-authority aforefetd, That it- shall and may be lawfol to and for the? laid commiflaooer*, or any three or more of them, to impede upon

e s ma le ar>y high cooftable, churchwarden, overfeer, petty coneftahfe, afinenot'ex-’headbotwugh, titbingman or other parilh or town officer/)for ceeding toi. every wilful neglect or default in the execution of afty warrant, on coftitab’e,. order oc precept,. to them or any of them directed in jfotfiMnce y£.r&!**X: of<this aft, a fine not exceeding ten pounds^ -and fo caufe every fuch fine to be levied by dirt refs and (ale of the offender*good», rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owners ( and ftc> 4if-tributeone moiety of .the faid tine to reward the informer,orih-forroers, and- the other moiety to the churchwardens of oVcr-foeos, to the ufe of the poor of the pari(h where tbe oflfenee iballbe-committed.	-	•	-	rm

,•; XiVUI. And be it further; enacted by the authority afore&d, ftrufibog ti* That if any . person or persons .whatfever. (ball wilfully do.aoy ), a	6b cm thing whereby the execution of this, a#v in: tbe {bandung

far&if id;. for, taking and Securing fuch, able-bodied men, as.afore«id>fo»)T

-'i;.h ij-'Vi 3'!* - i •	.•!	-i».	v-j'iim	adl Juori’ivbe

lowed for their *

OommlfliQfi-

ic^brauty;

Perfons ob-

II. c* 4;	.525

be?hfart^rfjqrTfriifttort, iefttyftich pcrftrn fhatt1 for -every fooh - 1 wffetwdfopftihot <e*betdlng teri poawd#, to tho Ufc hf \,, ebenpoerdfl^Oparitti wherefecb' ttffence dial P b« committed', and all and every fuch offences may be inquired of, Settl'd arid .	,

Ifiwiflif *fo(J«rmihed by anytwO Ot more of HisMajefty’s juftices _)**”**■ wfrehe? pmwdwcttingta oh near the placewherfeftich dfftnete fbalfbe eomrriitted, who have hereby power to caufe the frfd facfc •ffeacct, -penalty ■ to-be levied by diftrtsfe arid (ale of the offender's goods &o» dndcChitWlsy VeodetiOg the bVttylus (if any be) to the owners;	.

and if the offenders havenO' goods and chattels fufficient to an- diftreft? of-'twoetfo feid ptwritythen to commit him or her tO'the county fender to be ig*tf«riheaGr-of xomedtforV there to remain for the (pace of committed. Jtmeeqmeafchd witboutbail or mainprise.

’'LiJflX^PhbVSdedfalwuys^aridJt « hereby‘declared, That this Pertbrft who ■ddhfltcjlhriot extend* to the taking or levying any person to ferve have aIfte ■atpa-foldieTyJwho-fltlS make it appear to the (atisfa&ion of the mrmh^-aof oomrodfloners then prefent, that he hath any vote in the elec- parliament, 4talH0f«tty Member or members1 to ferve in parliament in any m>t liable to be ^ebumtyv civy; borough, town, port or place within the kingdom lifted. cvf<G*XU'Britain.	'•

■pXXi'And it is hereby enacted. That no person who, at the Nomilltaryof-.Vtlrte'Jirf the execution ot this aft, shall have any military offlee ficer q»r o* * dr employment h* Great Britain (other than in the militia) shall “mmiffioner. exec*k amnpower Or authority by this a<5t given to commiflion-'crrtaaffbftfey. •'••••	’

^K'XI; Artd be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Umtiatjonof •fTHarrif;anya<9iori, plaint, (bit or information shall be com-T^bon*.- it •m^ieed'oeiptofeeutcd againft any person or perfons-for what he •orvUiy (HalhdO in purfuahee or exedationof this oft, the'fame '	1	,J1

-fimUnba coihtftericed within three months after the offence cani- . ’ imtaedlp arid fuch person or perfbns fo fued hi any court what- GenwSlOffS*. (oever, shall and may plead the general iffie, not guilty; and -Wporf'aflyfifiTue joined may give this act and'the fpecial matter lmievidende!) and if theplaintiffwr prbfecutbrfhall become non-tfafa Wufort>ear further prrifeeution; ot fuffer a- difoontinuance,

,«iri»f a‘rert(lft pafsagainft him, the defendant shall recover treble ioOfts;fbr which they shall have the like remedy as hv any cafe ., ,	„

.Whenrcoriis by the law are given to defendants.

ojriKXjl, i And for the better obviating fuch frauds and abufes j$0 fcWier or lua marjuibe ptadfifed in difcharging of (oldrers, it is hereby fur- marine, to be ,tber enacted by the authority aforefaid. That no private ToMier discharged whofhaite be- duly lifted into his Majesty’s fervice by virtue of w'thout a cer-thi»tt&<>( diiring the time filch foWier(haH remain in	'fITe

-Mfo) fhalrbftdiffehargedfrom his Majefty'sfervke withoutthecon-	’

fohCof thb colonel, or in his abfence the field officer commanding in chief the regiment, firft had and obtained In writing ufi-• dertheir hands and feals for that purpofe j in Which writing the ••	'

■■esufehofIrii1 tSfchai^ethalhbe expirefied, and a duplicate or copy «f	*•

^of buery fuch-diftbarge forthwith tranfmitted to the fecretary at wtft,-h»ibvby<h imkept and entered inabook } or if a rtarine, ^ feCr«aiy : without the confent of the lord high admiral or the commUHon* at war.

Y 3	ers

3*6	An ik^rnb ^dmbmfrW.

O^cer break- ert'bf'ihe adniii^^ for in&tlusoHer, at^j	office that fotU prefctftfe ttf e

to be calhiered.	puriuarit tt> this *<% in any'ottef

aft, fhalt for foch offence he calhietid.

Impreffed	XXIII. Provided always, iirfd'fo fi’

roen, after every person who shall tie fitted'dpefifi' ... vicVto'be” have continued in the military feWlcff of Kti Mi difcbarged, if and fucceffoTs, daring the foate of fiVe1 years,, (hi they demand if he think fit, to demand his difchargefoottif the'vyiwi^.^

St-	his abfence the officer Commanding the reglrttettVjOT'ipm

to which he shall belong; and foehdiffttarge (hin^Ul to him gratis in writing underthe hand of fuct colonel or officer, who is hereby impowered and required fo give the ' accordingly; any thing herein contained to the cdHtj withftanding.

aerks to be XXIV, And be it further enafted, That the fa!8r rewarded for clerks to the laid commissioners, provided the faid tranfmittjng duplicates be duly tranfmitted into the office of thd ad the duplicates. or fecretary at war as aforefaid, shall have and rftgSyd hands of the paymafters of his Majesty’s land fortes siidtrti or One of them, fuch rewards as me lord high trtaf miffioners of the treasury for the time being, upoh eft of the numbers of men lifted in the several CotihtLa, » boroughs or other places, and the pains and charge^flif me ral clerks in this fervice, shall judge the (aid defks	Wjh

refpeftiveiy to dffferve.	t.

Hit Majesty XXV. Provided always. That his	Iflj

may fufpend Satisfied by the find returns of the commiffiet'ftf^,'££i? the execution. that a fuftcient number of recruits in the whoje'lfftll of this aft. for his present fcrvice, may be graciouftypleafodftb ftop the further execution of this aft, by proftdnrti in council, or other publick notice hr the • thing herein contained to the contrary notwitbft?rt tPerfon*«m-	XXVI. Provided always, and' be it farther'^!

ployadintb* authority Jforefatd, That nb' corhmrffibher, ilil 0VCrfCCr

erttptedfrota the penalties oftjCar.s,

c.:*. ? yekr of* the reigh of Kirtg	the	Second,

‘ dangers whith may happerrffcjn ptyi/b	V bVm^nelbthft/^

iW,&M,c. ?. made in‘the firft year of the reigrt df Klng7/#&rw‘'

Muryi intituled.	An elf fit	ab oaths

rni.^d

fupretrracy, and appointing'ot he? Oalhs‘, of In One dtftet1 ai& thidefn theparKarrient holden in foe thirteenth alid fourtee *	•	----------- miMam the Third, trilh'

_	.	thejfeign	of	the	late	King	fPilHam	the	Third, irifttuled,

,+’W*	for He furtherfecurity of his	ahdthffltcefni

‘ '	crOwn	itt	the	froteJUmt	line-,	and	fdr	tht	(xtidgUifmnpg'w

mf

Commiffioners in England

rm

the	preithidei{prince of Wilts and	the$dbtn

andficretabettors.	• ” ; •v°'>31 OJ	*^“<*4

XX VII- Provided always,' tjndir if

fon

r75&]	Anno viccfimo nono Georgii II. c. 4.	327

Ton or pcrfons hereby appointed to be a commiflioner or com- not to aft till rpiffioners for any. county,, riding, city, borough, cinque port ^hcy^ave or place of Englandy Wales or Berivick upon Tweed (except fuch ken ue oa s‘ as duly qualify themfelves to be commiflioners for executing the faid-ad for .the land tax made aod pafled in the twenty eighth yjear of his present Majesty’s reign, or any lubfequent ad or ads of parliament for that, purpofe) fliall be capable in England,

WaLes or Berwick upon Tweedy of ading as a commiflioner or commiflioners.ln the execution of this act, or executing any the powers of the commiflioners therein mentioned (unlefs it be the power heifety given of adminiflering oaths) until fuch time as he or they refpedively shall have taken the oaths appointed by an ad of parliament made in the lirft year of the reign of King Williapi and Queen Mary,, intituled, An act for abrogating the iW &Mc.t, caths of fupremacy and allegiance and appointing other oaths; ana alio in tii£ feid act, intituled. An afljor the further fecurity of his Mqjejly $ person and the fuccejfion of the crown in the proteflant line; and for exfinguijhing the hopes of the pretended prince of W ales and all other pretenders, and their open and fecret abettors; which oaths it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or more of the faid commiflioners to adminifter, and they are hereby required to adminifter the fame to any other of the laid commiflioners ; nor eommif-and that no person or persons hereby appointed to be a commif- fionersinScot-iioner or commiflioners for any part of Scotland (except fuch as land till they duly qualify themfelves according to the laws of Scotland, to be commiflioners there for executing the faid ad for the land tax dire(^ v made and palfed in the twenty eighth year of his present Majesty’s reign, or any fubfequent ad or ads of parliament for that purpofe) shall be capable of ading as a commiflioner or com-xniflioners in the execution of this present ad in any part of Scotland, until fuch time as he or they refpedively shall have duly qualified themfelves according to the laws of Scotland for that purpofe.

8r(jXXVm. Provided always, and be it enatfed. That if any CommWton<ri perlon hereby appointed a commiflioner for any county, city, \n England town or place in England, Wales or Berwick upon Tweed (except afting before as before excepted) shall prefume to ad as a commiflioner in *hey havet** the execution of this ad, before he shall have taken the faid ken the oatn5* oatH^'which by this ad he is required to take, and in the manner hereby prelcribed, he shall forfeit to his Majesty the sum of forfeit iool. two hundred pounds, to be recovered by adion of debt or on the cafe, bill, fuit or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminjlery wherein no efloin, protedion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed y and that if,'^ny person hereby appointed a commiflioner for any (hire, ftewartry, burgh or place in Scotland (except as before excepted)

(hall prefume to ad as a commiflioner in the execution of this ^oL * before that he shall have qualified himfelf according to the laws in Scpftlandy he shall forfeit to his Majesty the sum of fifty poutjds, to be recovered in the court of Exchequer in Scotland, in the feme manner as any other penalties are there recoverable.

Y +‘	XXIX.



aft for any city, &c

er$ fpr counties at large within pngland.

328	Annd	vicdlrttb	ribnbGflMBOsbily	[17-56	1

Commiflioners XXIX. Provided also, That in cafe there shall not he a fuffi-

fox the »ourity ^ent number of commissioners -for-^any	town,

ata*rge'm3y port, or place of Great Britain (for which by thi* act contmif-fioners are fpectally appointed)Sdptifefer of fcftmg according to the refpeftive qualifications required’by thii*-VftyHHeri and in every fuch cafe, any the commiflioners appointed for the county, (hire, or ftewartry at large, within which foch city, /borough, town, or place doth (land, or which is next adjoining thereto, may aft as commiflioners in the execution of this idc, within fuch city, borough, town, port, or place; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.	'

Qualification XXX. Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority ot commiiTion-aforefaid, That no fuch person shall be capable of afting as a commiflioner in the execution <si this afty^or af-atyf of the powers therein contained, in or for any county at large, within England, the dominion of Wales, (the-counties of Afegtefej^ Mt~ riemtb, Cardigan, Carmarthen, Glamorgan, Montgomerys Pembroke, Carnarvon, and Monmouth excepted) or in or for any of the ridings in the county of York, unlefs fuch perfon, by hiinfelf or his tenants or truftces, was taxed, or did pay in the fame county or riding, for the value of one hundred pounds per annum t>r more of his own eftate, by virtue of the faid aft for the land tax made and parted in England, in the twenty eighth yeor of his Majesty’s reign, or any fubfequent aft or afts of parliament for that purpofe, or unlefs fuch person fo appointed to-be a com-millioner, lhal!, at the rime of the execution of this aft, by him-felf, his tenants, or truftees, enjov an ertate of lands, tenements or hereditaments, of the faid yearly value of one hundred pounds or more, within the faid county or riding refpeftivdy; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding*.

XXXI. And it is hereby further enafted, That if any person intended by this aft to be difabled for any the caufes lafc-men-luming to aft, tioned, shall neverthelefs prefume to aft as a commiflioner in forfeit 501. the execution of this aft, or any of the powers therein contained, every fuch person for fuch offence, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, to any person or persons who will inform or* fue for the fame, to be recovered in any of his Majesty’s conrts of reeord at Wefminjler, or in the Exchequer of Scotland as afore-laid.	.ujbwcjc

Commiflioners XXXII. Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby enafted, may aft for That no person who is appointed to be a commiflioner for oxc-cuting this aft, in any part of Great Britain, shall be ,difabled from afting as a oommifiioner, within aridfo^anytf fry, borough, cinque-port* or corporate toym only, WhifefcfJtxrftiall be an inhabitant at the time of the execution ofthis/srtftf or c:v:i 1	fromaftinjg	aa	a	cotmniflicwcr	within	anytW^ini4>bfcourt

,	orinas of Chancery.	>	• Jc»lT .Sict

.vJ. ■ 1	XXXIII.	And	whereat	tom*'	doubts	may erriftnrfwbar mapmes,

-	bailiffs, andafbirxbiefnktgtftraus of cities, bortmght\ cWparku,

. aft) at com- and cinque pares v for wbith tmmfftcnert ate fpiehfynppmitf*d by :* yirtuqoftbirq&ican nfla?oommtmmrvfor cxeitMhgrtU aflwbtb*

X	»>1 i !? ijVii‘

Ferfons difabled pre-

any city, being inhabitants, or inns Of courf.

by 

Item	$19*

faid dtittfbimghto;/*Wc$rporfites mi cinque ports \ be it further fpecially ap* QOfi^ed	ptuthcH'ity aforefaid* That ail mayors, bailiffs, PouUed*

and other chief magiftrates,, who are appointed commifsioners for execu ting thiaod, shall be, and havepower to ad as com mi fiion-ers for executing this ad, within aod for any city, borough, town corporates pr> cinque port* wherein they inhabit at the time of executing rthis ad, as walk where commifsioners are fpecially atppoiilteBdibjfvt^U ad, as where they are not.

^«XXXiY*iAnd ife(is hereby provided and enaded, That no bailiff’s follower of afsiftant, employed or belonging to any (he- ?ai,s r°^ riff, bailiff of liberties, marfhalfea court, or any other person or e^ptcd?0t * * perGpas that shall be fo employed by any one that shall have the power, of executing any warrant or procefs whatfoever, shall be deemed, thereby to follow* Of exercifc any calling or employ-meat, or to have a fufficient fupport or maintenance within the talent and meaning of this Wfarh*. \ . -

XXXV. And forafmucb as great inconveniencies may happen by imprtjfing men during the time of harveji; be it therefore enaded havW%7o-t>y the aqthority aforefaid, That from and after the fifteenth per certifi-day of May ope thousand (even hundred and fifty fix, until the cates, not fifteenth day of October following, all harveft labourers, and !iable j? b? perfeps working at hay haryeft and com harveft work within the time aforetaid, within the kingdom of Great Britain, shall pot beimprelTed by virtue of this ad, hut shall be free and exempted from the fame during the time aforefaid, provided they hate a certificate under the hands of the minifter, and of one churchwarden or overfeef of the poor or elders of the pari(h or place where they live, allowed under the hand and feal of one juft ice of the peace of the fame county, (hire, ftewartry, riding, city, or/places, whiphcertificate fhaUbp given gratis.

3G£XVI. And for tl>e more eafy and better putting this ad r in execution j be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That any within the three or, more canamiflioners for putting this ad in executiqn caitle of.Yxak* in the several ridings of the county of York (being juftices of the peace )-though not all of the fame riding, may, within the caftle :	Yerky *,or limits thereof, execute the powers of this ad,

:	XXXVJI. And whereas divers foldiers who have defer ted his

Mojejty s ftwice, have been harboured in a ter tain place called Thrcapwood, lying within or near the counties' of Chefter and Flint, or one of them, and adjoining to the town Cuddington in the faid county of Chefter j be it further enaded by the au-thisaftm 5 ] thorlty aforefaid. That the cotnmiflioners hereby appointed for Threapwood.

, the county of Chejler, and the officers of the faid town of Cud-iington, shall execute this ad in the faid place called Threap-- woody according to the true intent and meaning thereof.

XXXVIII. And be it further enaded by the authority afore- officer not at-faid. That if at any of the meetings of the commissioners by tending to re->this ad appointed in*any of their fub-divifions, they shall not ceive r.*5ruits» he attended by Come proper officer appointed for the receiving •, of recruits, either through negligence, or any unavoidable acci- an(j 0I Jcr t^e dent* then and in that cafe k (hall.and may be lawful to and detention ot \ fs)r the faid commissioners to adjourn themfelves to fomc otherlhe impreiTei

cop-mcn#

 

convenient dayj and they are hereby authorised to give directions for detaining; in cuftody all fuch persons as shall have been' then brought before them by the parish officers to be infilled, or fuch of them as they (haH think duly qualified for his Majesty’s fervice; and the faid commitlioners shall give notice to any of the officers attending on this fervice, in the county or place where fuch fub-divifions shall lye, of the day of fuch adjourn-Notice of ad- ment; and the faid officer is hereby required either to attend iournment to himfelf, or to appoint fome other officer to attend (uch combe given to miflioners, and to receive fuch persons as the faid commidioners ^d?ng this**" ^all inlift into his Majeftv’s fervice; and the officer fo receiving fervice, See.	the recruits shall pay to fuch person as the commifiioners (hail

Officer to pay appoint, fixpence per dim, for the fubfiftence of every recruit fubfiftence then infilled, from the day of the (aft meeting of the commif-cvery^recruit • fi°ncrs>t0 kid day.wf adjournment, the fame to be charged 5 to the account of the several regiments or companies into which

and' idenul ^ rocru**® be infifted, together with fuch charges and ru i u n ji CXpences as appcar to the faid commiflioners fa have been

incurred on account of the detaining the faid perfon** from the day of the former meeting of the faid commifiioners,' to the day of fuch second meeting, not exceeding three pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enaded by the authority afor^ faid, That this aft, and every thing heiein contained, shall bt and continue in force until the end of the next feflion of parlkk-ment.	6s

CAP. V.

Mfaefty t<t grant. cammiffim fjtmfacif/preigu presfatemtowi>» Jbave fervid

officersinters, to *& emd ra»kl asejfsteriar. ongbr ',,"*e&s:/fw	tinder	Yeffiri&kns

:	'! Mificattohs:	f-f•’;* 1 ’ htL]

L “THEREASfa m ahmfa m

I eigd.€M	M&W*	a& fornaj^K^-

others, tba-ijiiynteflfipq^ fa .....	fettle,,	in.	any.	of	hjs Majgfty’s.gpjojjji^j

■Ameritpy . all perfons' born out..ef	Ijgcpnce c ' “ '	'*

fairs^farftuftjforfa. wfa	have refid

to;..... 4„a re/iffafiT'	wJwvjism* fwHi

iV; . . ififfl'V fv«*w % Aiperica tlor Jhyet 7r>|J ^ _ Jj the J/tid colonies for a longer t’>M two months ■during	tpefqidfeveuyeafst upon	conditions prtfcr.tyfafa

faid, #8,. naturalized, and made partaken of all viltges which the natural-born	of	this ft aim do

than fufh as are fpecifed tn.a.prevyo.the fyid 7

charges.

©jntimianee of this aft.

fatH* * 1



ing fuch, fccaip »re/ett{ed,.or

ff] K*t JO

.	-	*	I'

a-



• i-i

whereas, many foreigners,, being protfat's 'srtfastfdfafdf /jncofaq^mefU. offered tflpepipy th to reftfafa^" Jwe if tHe faid colonies (faid particularly..in tfa. provinces land and Penfylvania)	fai ne(urplrhrn	fufjtfls(f wb'uf

tiontd province fa in	great'part conjijt

'iie.'S

. - •

 

Ando	4ibb»{IcoilMlfc>«i	.	f,	$gK

zuhofe baclwardnefs in their own defence expofes thrnfelves, and that part of • America, to imminent danger: and whereas, for the better defence of the faid colonies, it hath been propofed to raise a regiment there, Confining of four battalions of one thousand men each, and to inliji as foidiers in the faid regiment any of the faid foreign inhabitants of the faid-colonies, who, together withthe natives, jhall voluntarily enter tbemfelves in his Ma'jejlys fervice as foidiers; which foreigners cannot Jo well be raifed or trained, without the affiance of fame officers who are acquainted with their manners and language: and whereas it is expedient in the present juncture of affairs, to facilitate the fpeedy raifing of fuch regiment, and to enable a certain number of foreign proteftants who have ferved abroad as officers, or engineers, and thereby acquired experience and knowledge, to ferve and receive pay as officers in the faid regiment, or as engineers in America; be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all fuch foreign proteftants who shall Foreign pro-receive commiffions from his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors,t0 {^^ferved ° be officers in the faid regiment, or to be engineers, in America abroad as offU (which commiffions it lhall and may be lawful for his Majesty, cers and engi-his^ heirs and fucceffors to grant) and (hall, in fome of his Ma- ncers, receiv-jefty’s colonies in America, take and fubferibe the oaths, and coraiiT(non$6^ make, repeat, and fubferibe the declaration, appointed by an tSdngVhtT*/ ad made in the firft: year of the reign of his late majefty King oaths,

George the Firft, intituled. An act for the further fecurity of his Majesty s person and government, and the fucceffion of the crown in 'the heirs of the late princefs Sophia, being protejlants; and for ex-tinguifhtng the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, his open and fecret abettors; and (nail at the time of the taking and fubferibing an(j producing of the laid oaths, and making, repeating, and fubferibing the certificates of faid declaration, produce cettificates figned in manner direded their having by the faid ad of the thirteenth year of his present Majesty, ^ramein f their having received the facrament in fome proteftant and re- fomeprot/ formed congregation within the kingdom of Great Britain, or ftant church, within fome of the faid colonies in America, within fix months to ferve iu before that time, shall and may be enabled to ferve and receive America, pay as officers in the faid regiment, or as engineers in America*

IT. Provided neverthelefs, That the number of fuch officers Number of of-in tl>e faid regiment shall not in the whole, at any time, exceed exceed °o-° fifty; nor the number of engineers in the whole, at any time, nor eng5£* C^ceCd twenty.	ncers 20.

III.	Provided also, That the colonel of the faid regiment Coi0nel to be

fhall be a natural-born fubjed, and not any person naturalized a natural born or made a denizen.	fubjed.

IV.	Provided alfo. That no fuch foreign officer shall be en- To ferve in abled by this ad to ferve as an officer or engineer in any place, America only* except America only ; but every fuch foreign officer, when he duced^haVe shall be reduced, lhall be capable of receiving half-pay, accord- half pay,

ing to the rank in which he shall then ferve.

: '	cap/

 

■ r. - V *l'^ 4 *• ‘riun^t r^;irl h' 1 }o srflo j 2f!iJuj?x:> loVtHnomio: ^	’*>	■ >, vn; oii; 7u ^ •'j.OlAfP^oytm^rJ t).iifT sHi loi wfcin&

< . .';•*■•	7') v i ' ’i ■'■i >' o\7n>nc! r j; Irn zi'ii^q ymo fc/n,

TX7ffE® %K%-atym^hfntaJflnafar\thafafetyrbf'ytkh\Mngii VV< .&*» <jk<tbriefence of the f//flume,of thifrdwh.ef>Gancst Britain,	that o'bodyof mtrinofarm flxnild it extpkyhlinIfej; iMsj&

fly'sflat and naval fervict, imdrr the SreBwnafvibdIbratibijgiiwdu moral, or toamiffitmerr* forexemtingHbe f ijfi brdtlghJkdatiral of Great Britain : mid tethereas the Jaid an rhu foretsmiyfl-e^aditu if.it Quartered oaJbort, whetethey laNLuot he fabjt&xb relating to tko government ofbis MayeftftfarUi byrfealyet meant->	thekfi	it being rtqmfae for theretamng offulhfootes intheintAfty,

that an	exaff di/ciptinehe obforved, etmdtoat

tiny orflir up /edition,or (hall-defertJoislAeflftyxi'ftrmtt/ke?bcvmght to a more exemplary andJptedy paniflxpeut-tBan.theMwxoUljdafa be it enadted by the King’s itnoft excellent majeftyyj ty and: wads the advice and' confent of the lord* (ptritual andiMipirifepH «	•	common*	in this present parbameot affcmblcd, aad iby Aetna

officer and ibority of the fame. That from;aad after the twenty fifthadhy private man, of March otic thousand (even hundred and fifty fix, ifahytperiow; on (hore, being entered eft in pay as an offiaer uf marines, ot.whaiilor shall be lifted, or in pay as a private man,, in any compiny at

•	marine* in hia Majesty’s fervice, and on-the twenty;fifthadayfo^

jWorth one thousand feven. huadsed and fifty fix fhalkcreraam in

___- firth fervice, or during the continuance of this a& draft he ViaM

luotarily entered and in pay as a marine officer or private.than in his Majesty’s fervice, and being ordered on.«mpioyedunrftiah fervice, at anytimeduringthecootinuanceof thi*adbfi»n (hfare, vi ' in atty place within the realm of	Ihrihe	kadg^

who dial! mw- ^<,in of Ireland,or. in any of hise Majesty’s damtnh»i»jbc^and ~ the feas tefpefiively, shall begiq, ototCy eSafe, or < jean/in him kft, fa,, ti Bsutirty or (edition, in the contpany-tu'which-he <btk>ar>Aam ,	•	i	vi	<	belong,'	or inany other company, troop or reguhem,it either of

•	‘‘ ^narine or land forces in his,Majeftyfs feeviee, orlhalinnotrtifa

hfs utmeft endeavours td fupprefsthe feme,; dr tmnfritfejto hbe Jtnowkdge.bf any fuch mutiny,> or intended mutiny^ maUihfae without delay give information thereof to bia ooibiaandipdbffid car, Or shall ddfert.his Majesty’s fervice*'ortbeirfg adtaanytsroi tered ^s a marine in any company,: (haW lift hknfelf inanvcOther company, troop, or regiment, in his Majesty’s-ferwoe, ewith* out iirft having a difehargein writing fromthe-ofttcericbmaBpmih ing in chief the company in whiAbeiaft'ferved^araihiariiHtd w.	or shall be found.fteeping upon lus poll, or fbaiHeaveiCibeEbte

fottnJflSrtiig wheved $ or shall hold coriefpondence. with any tebcl; or baetny on, or deftir of his Majesty, or give them advite-or intelligence dof uatty itindj by any way*.or means, .or.in any manner wh*tfiQover', or1 (had corrXm-1 ’ treat w*t^1 ftich rebels or enemies, ; ot: enter into anyjirancfidan deucewhh with them, without hisMojefty’slicence, ocllccn»etgiMhdlord the enemies, high admiral of Great Britain, ot of.thrce.br merr oftthfeeam« v. .	miffionen

or fift in any other regi-.. ment, &c.

or (ban W



x7S$*]i Aooo.Hcdbjtt)R0>OfGliQ*iC}>t>lJ.('ea (S.	fj$

miffioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great or ffiall ft nice, • Britain for the time being'j^or ifhall Jftrike or ufe any violence ®r dl(5>bcT^" ^^^^P^wr,pffi^,^i®>tlK Mention of hwt>$

°^cert shall fuf-

or mall diiobey any lawful command of his fuperior officer ; all ter death, or and every person and perfon^ fo offending in any or either of fueb punifh-thp matteri-before-mentioned, on- (herenr any part 0f tHTs kifl# ment **a dons or	Inland', or any of his Majefty's dominions beyoneftne

teas,: fhaU .fuffef death, or fuchotha- punithmentas by a coarC-i iftartfed/Ihail hd inflifledi	-

lift And "belt fortherenafted by the authority aforefa id, That The lord high ibfhalLkod may* from time, to time, during the condhuance of ma'v'mnt a* this aft^ be lawful to and for tfiefaid lord tugh admiral, or rhred commffion to oruvore of tbe faid -commiffidAers for executing the hid office hold general of lord high admiral far the time being, to grant a commifflotr courti-nur-undek.hisdcT their refpeftivehand or hands, to any officer oftial» &c* ndarines'kr-hte^Majefty’* fcrvke, not under the degree of a field officer, for the holding a general oourt-martiai at<any place oft •hoctraatAoiem this realm, or m Ireland, or in any of taftf Majdfh&i dominionsbeyondthe leas; in every of which courts-noartixh, ,all her any of the ‘ offences aforefaid, tfnd 'all tnr any ..	,	-r

otfeer df the offences hereiitMtfrer fpecified. 'fhsll be tried and	>

pflofceededag3in& fofoch manner, as by this aft is direfted. >	;

•vIll^iAndbe it aKb enabled. That it shall and may be lawful Courts mar- ' to and:foefuch«ourts-in«rtial nefpeftively, by their -fentence ol*tial "“y ^odgrhenty .to1 inftiftcorporhl punifhrocnt, not extending to hft^?a|^entPfor Or toh,-off any marine, for immorality, lmfbehxvieur, or neg- immoralities, left of! duty On (bore, in any place or places within-this realm1 See. arJrdani^ or any of his Majesty’s dominions beyond the' ftasj durmgitbcToatinuance of this aft.	-	-	-	• 1

,-riVh rAnd be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Lords, &c. of 3?hid itrihail and may be lawful to and for the (aid-lord highad-*-' ?he admiralty iniraMor three or more of the eommiffioners fof executing the find officedf lord high admiral, at any time during the conti: • Aaahce af tthis aft, to make and eftabCftv rules: and articles1 iw mem of-ma^ ferritmg; under his ortheir refpeftive hand or hands, forthe pu- *'ny an<1 de-rihhmenf of mutiny and defertion, immorality, !mifbehaviowyftruon,4tc* •rid negteftof duty, in any of his; Majesty’s marine forces,' trials non (horem any part of this realm, of	or any	off

hihMajeity’s dominions beyond the Teas, and for bringing offer fendtfragainft the fame to- justice ; and to ereft and conmtute-and toamfti-courts.*martial with power totry, hear and determine, anytute'wtfrEil crimes or offences fpetified in fuch rules and articles, and in-fUft ponifhments by fetwence or judgment for the fame, accord-*-ing to *he tree intent afid ineanfng of this aft.

■j : V. -Brovided always. That no person or persons fhaH be ad* None.$o|Oe -0 judged to differ any punifhment extending to life or limb, by ^wdgJP W.-d fhe Aid rules and articles, within the kingdom of Great hr Ireland,' except for fech crime or crimes as ir or are exprdlW to be fo punifoabie toy this aft,	•-	-tf© pqjfilW]©,,

i.^VL: Atxbit 4s> herebyfurther ebaAed and declired,*Thaf tier by	* a	i»

general'bofnrymartial, which shall have power40 fit by vlrt ue of ®wwft r.j;u. .Ti;:n	this	*

134	Ao®o	tfaj&on>Bd»Q(iG^Qlwni3li»ci6dK	['i3^r

tpufiO'afr**- tjrig^fty tiwU -conhltofa- kfcJ mmtbtrtfaflhjtbirwatil wharagf aj^Ute pw£. Booe.to be under thc-degeecof* cama^Qrt.£3fimr©fco4M*i«k» Sd ofitetfov awiitte prtlkknt#f fiach court->mfti?tisLfbi»HiDfltcbdiMfidftfeltbc oflScernext in degree,of a. field-officer of muritie^, ;ualefe wl)ere f«ob fiddhoffi* fcniority, not cer cannot i>e had, in which cafe* the toaiioeioffioerineKtitAfos nodee,tlie da- niority to .fitch. field officer,'	amdthciidegreeip|/»>

gee of a cap-	(hall ,pcefidsat fuch courtanssAl •; and that foch

May admini- martial shall bare powcr and aMthodty^andaecheeehyjSftqmoed* fter anoatfato to adminiltcr an oath toeverywimefs, inorder to tbtJfcxibilfia-tion or trial of any of the ofieacesJbatmall cams beiferoitbtwc Oflictn tebc VIL Provided always,. That.m all trials bfeffcndt*$jhy :ro« fyosa, neral courts-martial, to be held by. virtue t>Mhiaadl,j-evfcr)boffin car prefcnt at fuch trial, before,apy,proceedings be.hadAhewupoHa fhaH takethe following oaihs.upoa the holy Evangehfta*nbo«. fere the court, and judge adyotate, or his.deputy (whojMW hereby authorized to administer the. feme) in thefe words that is to lay, .	a, ;..iA' .XI

-	■	I ■ j.i.j / o/h

YO U /hall well	and truly try and determine the.evin

denct wbitb /ball be given in tbe. matter now before yau± ben tween ottr fotnrtign lord the Kings saaje/ly, and the prifotUr ta, be tried:	So help ;pau..GQd*i

j.v.l ,	:..i

I A. B. da /wear. That I will duly admnijler jujliteauording ta an alt of parliament now in forte for the regulation of hit. Ida* Jeffs marine fortes while on /bore,	to the.

tula made in purfnante of tbe faii a& of parliament far the ment of mutiny and defer tion, and other crimes therein refpeBituely u>, .	mentioned, without partiality, favour or affcSlion; and if stop

bnon! .	...	./haltarife [which is not explained by the /aid act of.partiastmi* dr

■ ‘	tbe/aid rules and articles) according to my emfeientti the ;befliofi sap

‘ anderjlanding, and tbe tujloss of war in the hkt cafes. dudi.furthCg fiuwr->	I will *»t divulge the fentme of .the court untilit jball

\ i,Kr, ’ beappraved	by the lord high admiral, or three, or more. of Oovumfy

• - • ftoners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain^

. .	.	neither will I upon any account at any time vjbetfoever.*. 4i[clift or

difeover the vote^or opinion.,of arty particular mmberttftheicourht - <-	■	martial, unltfs required to give evidence,	■ as a. wiluofi+hyb

'	.	covert of juflice in a due towrfe of law.	n'Curj	i>n£

..............So help me-Gat

' ^	'	•	«	.'.J	;	Jinst

Tlie judge ad- And (o foon as the (aid oaths shall have been adsniniltered Mtbt vocate to be rdpe&ive members, the prelident of the court is htirehjrj&u-iwyrfl.:, thorraed and required to adminider to the judge advscrtto,.df ... a	the person officiating as luch, an oath in the fodowing^wordsi

' • • " •	•	1	n:ad

<	•	T A* B. do fwoar,That I will not upon ouy aeeomst at huy'dimt

I.-	J. whatfoever	difclofe or difeover tbe vote or opinion efanypari'vtis

Jar smasher of the	court-martial,

thereof as awitnefsx by a court cf jufficadn.csjdtuifirwjc ‘..	V«-	So helpyoae.Qcah

•	And

AridKO imtnncr'oifdsatbdtsUli be<gi«n ^inft/anybffettdeuby In krtxtnmof any <b®hJg«nentf «ourt-marrial osxforefaid, urUtfenme^rfficns prUfenffhalfcbncur thereanvoud ifthcre bcroureofficecsiire. cor.iAfo.* : fiftpthini thirteen, thenehe'judgment shall pais by- thejopnfc cotttnctpof two third* of the ©mceri,prefent # and no proceed-*	. . -,u.	> t

mg4>t>3Ebff(hali be had uponarty offence, but between'the.hours Houtroftrilfti ofeig^dofthedock iuttomorning and three in thexlierooqp,	',;'. \

dooewiiwcofes-which require an immediate example.	M

^Vell/Titivided always, That the-party tried by. any general The party • ; oewrd>n»ariial to-be held as aforefaUL fhaH betnutied to acopy tried, inretoi •fthplfetttbnce and proceedings of luch court-martial# updri ae-mand thereof'made by-himfeif, or-bj-any other, .perion--or. pec- anj fottejotv hit'behalf (he or they, -paying reafoqabiyfbrthe iarne) ing». atdny ti me not fooner than three months after fuch fentence, whether Inch fentence be approved or pot# any thing in this a&

•odheiebntrary notwithftanding.

IX. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That every proceejjn_. judge advocate, or peribn officiating as fuch at any general court- 0# jriyvrial to$ttiheld as aforeftid, do, and he is hereby required to martial to be tranfimk, vwlth as much expedition as the opportunity of time transmitted to anddifamce of place can admit# the original .proceedings and fottteftooof iuchcourt-martial to the fecretary of the admiralty for the time being; which original proceedings and fentence fhah-behy-him carefully -kept and -preferved in the office of the otftniraky	ei Great	Britain,to the end that the persons intitlea

thereto may be enabled, upon application to the iaid office, to obtain copies thereof according to the true intent and meaning pf-tkhr.9&."- '■-••••	...

'• '.'X. $*novided always, and it is hereby declared and ended# None to be IShdrno-marine, either officer or private man,' being acquitted tried a second Or conviiledof any offence at any fuch court-martial- as afore* time for the fait),-'(hallbe liable to be tried a fccond time bythe lame, or any *ame offence-othercourt-martial for the-fame offence# and that no feotence t^be'revifed givenbyany court-martial, and figned by .the prefideot thereof# m0re than be liable to-be revifed more than once,. once.

■'' XI- And be it further enabled. That if any officer or private Deferteri be-rttan (ball defert his Majetty’s <fervice in any of his-dominions yond Tea, Ac. beyond the feas, or elsewhere beyond the feas, and (half efcape may be tried and come into this realm or /remind,.before he be tried by *ie7:<Vn dourt-martial for fuch offence, and shall be apprehended for the Irelaud‘ fame; fuch officer or private man shall be tried for the fame as tfi the Ifaid offence had been committed within this realm.

‘ Provided always, That-nothing in this afi contained (halt extend, or be conftrued to extend to exempt any marine, exempt any either officer or-private man, whatlbever, while on (bore, from on ihore from, being proceeded againft by the ordinary courfe of law.	procefs.

• XiiL Provided alfapand be it further enaded. That no prf- persons tried fon orperfons being acquitted or convided of any capital erimas, by the civil violence s©r> offences by the civil roagiftrate, (hail be liable to be magistrate punched byn>a*court*inartia| for the faqie, ptherwde-tlun by	z

-Ca(hiePi0g,'-.:f . -	....	:........i	....	.	court-martial.

XVI. Pro-

336

Perfons ac-cufcd of capita! crimes, See. to be dettvertd over to the civil magi-ttratt, te»

Tuitions names allowed by his Ma-jefty’s order tor the maintenance of officers widows, not to be con-ftrued a falfe mufter. Paymafter to pay the full pay of fuch men to the receiver.

♦Anno vieelimo nono Geopgii n. €.6.	[175^-

XIV.	Provided also, knd be it further eitaAed, That if any marine officer, non-commiflion officer or private man shall be accufed of any capital crime, or of any violence or offence a-eainft the perfon, estate or property of any of his Majesty’s fab-JeAs, which is puni(hable4>y the known laws of the land ; the commanding officer or officers of every company or party is and are hereby required to ufe his and their utmoft endeavours to deliver over fuch accufed person to the civil magiftrate ; and ihall alfo be aiding and amfting to the officers of justice in the feizmg and apprehending fuch offender, in order to bring him to trial5 and if any fuch commanding officer shall wilfully negleA or refofe, upon application made to him for that purpofie, to deliver over any fuen accufed person to the civil magiftrate, or to be aiding ana affiftingto the officers of justice in the apprehend-* ang fuch offender 5 every fuch' officer fo offending, and being thereof conviAed before any two* or more juftices of the peace for the county where the faA is committed, by the oath of two credible witnefles, shall be deemed and taken to be ipfo faCfo ca~ (hiered, and shall be utterly difabled to have or hold any civH or military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty’s fervice; provided the laid conviAion be affirmed at the next quarter feffions of the peace for the laid county, and a certificate thereof tranfmitted to the judge advocate, who is hereby obliged to certify the feme to the next court-martial.

XV.	And whereat hts Majesty bath been gracioufly pleafed, in eompaffion to the diftrejfed condition offeveral widows of officers of the army, who have loft their lives in the fervice of the late wary or during the late rebellion, by orders made under bis royal fign manual, to dir eft his commtjfary general of the mufiers to allow upon the mufter rolls of all the regiments, troops and companies, a number of fictitious names therein mentioned, inflead of private men, in order to ratfe and fettle a fund for the maintenance of fuch widows of officers as are or Jhall be intttled to his royal bounty ; therefore for the more effeAually fulfilling his Majesty’s faid gracious intentions with refpeA to the allowing of nAitious names upon the mufter rolls of the faid marine forces whHe on (hore, for the purpofc afore-faid ; be it further cnaAed and declared by the authority afore-faid, That it shall and may be lawful, during the continuance of this aA, to and for the faid lord high admiral, or three or more of the faid commissioners for executing the laid office of lord high admiral for the time being, by orders in writing under his or their refpeAive hand or hands, to direA the person for the time being authorized to pay the (aid marine forces, to p?y over the foil pay of fuch fiAitious private men, as shall be allowed on the mufter rolls of the feid marine forces while on (hore, as afbrefaid, to the proper receiver appointed by his Ma-jeftv, according to fuch orders and inftruAions as his Majesty shall be pleafed to make under his fign manual for the purpofc aforefaid, and that no a!l6wance of any fuch fiAitious name, upon any mufter roll of the (aid marine forced while on (hoTt, as afordaid, shall be conftrued to be a falfe mutter; any thing

*	in

-toWvfefinWIMW*	-ilv	3J7;

04T !*/7 4 l‘i

fUhtJwg •rutm sjf'p ; *-! -/v~: :'»^f ■•■ ? <wj rwh" '■" *rr? ■	^

iSVi>T^ife«iw><f^f /4**£	bi'pcutfw for*>$e.(patdfingu K';;”,

and^^f^-kftthi^idrm^in^f^i inftvw<dj&tfakurMv^ "jj- ’- '-' d«*r, ;b«ft(Kt«rthir t^^^i^authority afor^^ T{iat.%^onftaWe#)&c. , a04 idii)'ing£^«cCQntMwance^ttbis a£t, apd.no longer (in-pfHfr,tp quart*--«f» '■' Aioneft.efcMifM’dtfr. or orders in wiling in that behalf under .thpfice/s and men hond yf the faid lord high admiral, or under-the hands of three!!1 i?n*,ijJ?* Ofilnodt of the coinmili'ioners • for-^ceutiag the office of lord000**’ hcghrdd<i}irAl for the .time being) it shall and may be lawful to , a fid f f»ff tbotRwftabJesrtitffiiBgmea, headborquehs and other.. ch^<o^^^nd,iongtftr^tes of-cities, towns and villages, and. <^e^pjMO^ryj^f^ vfi^^Wr/^dM>andrh&towA of Berwick upon Zthtfrfj.fljM}; ^thfif-tfrfauk pt^bfeuee, for^any one justice of t^IttfWiinhslbihfHpiS & tywanny fnch city, town, village or , pj%ge£ wd S»r pa Others * -and .fuch .copftables apd other civil n*agiiWtefras^pre(ai4 aw-hereby requited to.ijnstrter and billet , t hepwbi«cboi^officers and private men inhis MajeAy’s fey-v|c*k> Ubihftfi, livery<-ftables, ale-houfes^ viituaOing-houfes, and aU h wf«a pfperfons felling brapdy,Aroqg waters, cyder or me-thcgJhpbfljretail, to-be drank imhoufes, other than and except tbe| Jyfeu)y prjK>ufe$ of any diAiliers, who keep houfes or places of But in no dif-diftiffing brandy and Arong waters,. and the houfe of any Atop-houfe* keepetsi .whyfe principal d«alings.Q)allbe more in other^gods morin'prU and mftrehyndiaes than in brandy and Arong waters (fo as fuch Tat’e houfj«T diftilWs-any fhop-keepers do not permit or Suffer tippling in his . or ,tho*C houfes) and in no othdr,. and in no private houfes what-foever^ without the-confent of the occupier; nor shall any more . bilhst,sat any .time be ordered,, than .there are .effective marines ppefent to',be. quartered; and if any conAable, thbingman, or penalty on fqcb Jilceofficeror magiArate asaforef^d, ftwll.prdjume to qpar- conftabl«,&c. tyr orsbtfLetauy fuch officer or hfivate-man "id any fuqh private quartering of-hppSb) ^hppt the confent of the occupier.; in fuqh cafe fuch •^ri£jt«,ea o9qapiernftM»U have his or their remedy at laR.3gai.nA fuch in a- joules. See. giffra^c-.sr officer, for the damage that fuch’ occupier (lial) fuf-t aethereby(j,3nd >f any. marine officer shall take upon him to Penalty on of-qnyjcW prtvate men otheewife thtnUslimhrdwd allowed by ?cers qoarter-tlpsy$a or .mall ufe orofler-aw menace oc.compuifion to any Sf/corurary niWftW^ableftor other cwjo^cer's hefaecmehtfoned, tendT to thi, aft,	"i

iqg to ^er.and diicouryge. aa^ <£ them from, performing any pyrt of their duty hereby, required or .appointed,; fuch marine officer (haU for-eyery; fuch offence fixing thereof conviffed before. apy tW nr more of thy. next jgttices pt the peace of the coqniy, hyribe oath of two,credible wfrne(les) be deemed and tajkeu to he ipfi	fatto caftiierfd» and (hjill be utterly difabled to

havc or hold any military employment within this kingdom, or	'

indusijwtaJeAy’s fervicej. provided the faid conviction be affirm-	'

eqjat" the next quarter^leffibns of .the 'peace' of the faid county,	.	._!

and.ifertiEcate thereof tranfmitted to the judge 'advocate, ■ i who.is hereby obliged to,Qeriify t|ie.fame to the next court-mar- _ ,

»«{V	M{hinjfelf	aggrieved,	in	thatjgj^	V*

Vol; XXr.	Z	fuch6	’

complain to any juftices.

Officers and marines to be furnifhed at the rates here* in fet.

What umhol-ders may allow men quar* tered on thqm> inftead of meat$

Penalty on officers taking money to ex-cute quartering. •

Anno viccfimo nono GeorGH II. c.6.	[1756.

fuch conftable, tithingman or headborough, chief officer or ma-giftrate (fuch chief officer or magiftrate not being a justice of the peace) has quartered or billeted in his houfe a greater number of marines than he ought to bear in proportion to his neighbours ; and shall complain thereof to one or more justice or juftices of the peace of the divifion, city or liberty, where fuch marines are quartered ; or in cafe fuch chief officer or magiftrate shall be a justice of the peace, then on complaint made to two or more juftices of the peace of fuch divifion, city or liberty; fuch justice or juftices refpedtively shall have, and is or are hereby declared to have power to relieve fuch person by ordering fuch and To many of the faid marines to be removed, and quartered upon fuch other person or persons as they shall fee caufe; and fuch other person or persons shall be obliged to receive fuch marines accordingly.

XVII.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby enafted. That the marine officers and private men fo quartered and billeted as aforefaid, shall be received and fumiftied with diet and fmall beer by the owners of the inns, livery-ftables, ale-houfes, vi<ftu-alling-houfes and other houfes in which they are allowed to be quartered and billeted by this a&; paying and allowing for the fame the several rates herein after-mentioned to be payable out of the fubfiftence-money for diet and fmall beer.

XV^I. Provided always. That in cafe any innholder or other person on whom any non-commiffion officers or private men shall be quartered by virtue of this a& (except on a march, or employed in recruiting; and likewife except the recruits by them raifed, for the fpace of (even days at moft, for fuch non-commiffion officers and private men, who are recruiting, and recruits by them raifed) shall be defirous to fumith fuch non-commiffion officers or private men with candles, vinegar and fait, and with either fmall beer or cyder, not exceeding five pints for each man per diem, gratis, and allow to fuch non-commiffion officers or private men the ufe of fire, and the neceflary utenfils for dreffing and eating their meat, and. shall give notice of fuch his defire to the commanding officer, and mall furnith 2nd allow the fame accordingly; then and in fuch cafe, the non-commiffion officers and private men fo quartered shall provide their own viftuals; and the officer to whom it belongs to receive, or who shall actually receive the pay and fubfiftence of fuch non-commiffion officers and private men, shall pay the several fums herein after-mentioned to be payable out of the fubfiftence-money for diet and fmall beer, to the non-commiflion officers and private men aforefaid, and not to the innholder, or other person on whom fuch non-commiffion officers and private men are quartered; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

XIX.	Provided always, and be it ena<fted by the authority aforefaid. That if any marine officer shall take or caufe to be taken, or knowingly lufferto be taken, any money of any per-fon for excufing the quartering of officers or private men, or

any

0

 L.ooQle

339

i ?§6.] Anno vicelimo nono Georgii II. c. 6.

any of them, in any houfe allowed by this act; every fuch offi* cer shall be cafhi^red, and be incapable of ferring in any military employment whatfoever.

XX. And whereas it may be for the benefit of the fervice for the commanding officer to have a power to exchange the billets or quarters ef marines quartered in the fame town or place $ be it therefore en- Commanding afted by the authority aforefaid. That the commanding officer officer may of marines in any town or place where fuch marine forces are exchange ma-quartered, (hall, and he is hereby declared to have power from rlnca(luartcr** time to time to exchange any marine or marines quartered in

fuch town or place for any other marine or marines quartered in the fame town or place; provided the number of men do not Conftables to exceed the number at that time billeted on fuch houfes refpec- billet accord-tively, where fuch men shall be exchanged $ and the conftables,,n^* tithingmen, headboroughs and other chief officers and magi-ftrates of the cities, towns and villages, or other places where any of the faid marine forces shall be quartered, are hereby required to billet fuch men fo exchanged accordingly.

XXI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,No paymafter, That from and after the twenty-fifth day of March one thou- *c: to make find (even hundred and fifty-fix, no paymafter, or other officer of™ 0£*c°u or person whatfoever, shall receive any fees, or make any dc- p duftions whatfoever out of the pay of any marine, either officer

or private man, in his Majefty*$ fervice, or from their agents, which shall grow due from and after the faid twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix, other than the ufual deduftions for clothing, and twelve pence in the pound Exceptions, to be difpofed of as his.Majefty shall think fit, and the one day’s pay in the year for the ule of the royal hofpital at Chelfea, and fuch other neceflary deduftions as shall from time to time be di-refted by the faid lord high admiral, or three or more of the commiflioners for executing the faid office of lord high admiral for the time being, by order in writing under his or their re-fpeftive hand or hands.

XXII.	And that the quarters both of the faid marine officers officerstogive and private men while on (hore as aforefaid, may, during the Notice to inn. continuance of this aft, be duly paid and fatisfied, and his Ma- tVV?* jetty’s duties of excife better anfwered, be it enafted by the au- m0™?ntheir thority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of hands.

March one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix, every officer

or other person to whom it belongs to receive, or that shall aftually receive the pay or fubfiftence-money for one or more particular company or companies of the faid marine forces, or otherwife, shall immediately, upon each receipt of every particular fum which shall from time to time be paid, returned or come to his or their hands on account of pay or fubfiftence, give publick notice thereof to all persons keeping inns, or other places where officers or private men are quartered by virtue of this aft; and shall alfo appoint the faid innkeepers and others to repair to their quarters at fuch times as they (haji appoint, for the diftribution and payment of the laid pay or fubfiftence-

? 2	money

* 



Anno' vicelimo nono Georgii H. c. 6.	[1756.

money to fuch officers or private men, which shall be withyi •four days at the fartheft after the receipt of the fame as aforefaid ; and the faid innkeepers and others shall then and there acquaint fuch officer or officers with the accounts or debts, (if any shall be) between them and the officers and private men*fo quartered in their refpctfive houfes; which accounts the laid officer or officers is or are hereby required to accept of, and immediately pay the fame, before any part of the faid pay or fub-fiftence be diftributed either to the officers or private men: pro-Rates of fub- vided the faid accounts exceed not for one marine commiflion fla?dtoinn-* °®cer un^er the degree of a’captain, for fuch officer’s diet and Eeepere'&c. fmall beer, per diem, one (hilling, and if fuch officer shall have a horfe or horfes, for each fuch horfe or horfes for their hay Officers not an^ ftraw, per diem9 fix pence ; nor for one private man’s diet giving notice and fmall beer, per diem9 four pence: and if any officer or offi-of fubffltence- cers as aforefaid shall not give notice as aforefaid, and shall not S’qw- immediately, upon producing fuch account dated, fatisfy, confers, S q " tent and pay the fame ; upon complaint and oath made thereof by any two witneffes, at the next quarter feffions for the county * or city wherein fuch quarters were (which oath the juftices of the peace at fuch feffions are hereby authorized and required to Paymafter to adminifter) the paymafter or person for the time being autho-fatlsfy t^em rized to pay the faid marine forces, is hereby required and au-meai* CCfS tbonzed (upon certificate of the faid juftices, before whom fuch oath was made, of the fum due upon fuch accounts, and the persons to whom the fame is owing) to pay and fatisfy the faid fums out of the arrears due to the laid marine officer or officers, upon penalty that fuch paymafter or person shall forfeit their re-fpe&ive place or places or paymafter or otherwife, and be dif-, charged from holding the fame for the future. And in cafe there shall be no arrears due to the faid officer or officers, then the faid paymafter or person for the time being authorized to pay the faid marine forces, is hereby authorized and required to dedud the fums he shall pay purfuant to the certificate of the faid juftices, out of the next pay or fubfiftence-money of the company to which fuch officer or officers shall belong; and fuch officer or officers shall for fuch their offence, or for negle&ingto give notice of the receipt of fuch pay or fubfiftence-money as aforefaid, be deemed and taken, and. are hereby declared ipfo faft cafhiered.

On moving XXIII. And where it shall happen that the fubfiftence-money fj‘omluartcr8*due to any marine officer or private man (hall, by ocqafion of make up ac-° acc^ent> not be paid to fuch officer or private man, or fuch counts, and officer or private man shall negledt to pay the fame, fo that give certifi* quarters cannot be, or are not paid, as this z6t diredb ; in every cates for mo- fuch cafe it is hereby further enacted. That every fuch officer ney due, &c. (hall, before his or their departure out of his or their quarters, where fuch company shall remain for any time whatfoever, make up the accounts as this a6tdire<5ls, with every person with whom fuch company shall have quartered, and fign a certificate thereof, arid give the faid certificate fo by him figned to the party to

whom





1756.] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 6.	341

whom fucH money is due, with the name of fuch company to which he or they shall belong; to the end the faid certificate may be forthwith tranfmitted to the proper pay matter of the ma- Paymaller to rines, who is hereby required immediately to make payment P*?thc funu thereof to the person or perfdns to whom nich money shall be due, to the end the fame may be applied to fuch company, under pain as is before in this alt directed for non-payment of quarters.

XXIV.	And beitena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Officer*, See. it shall and may be lawful to quarter officers and private men of to be quarter-his Majesty’s marine forces in Scotland, in fuch and the like places „ th^ laws iti and houfes as officers and private men of the land forces might force at the have been quartered in, by the laws in force in Scotland at the time uaion direct, of the union; and that the poflefiors of fuch houfes shall only

be liable to furnitti the faid marine officers and private men quartered there, as by the faid laws in force at the time of the union was provided, with refpelt to the officers and private men of the land forces; and that no fuch marine officer shall be obliged to pay for his lodging where he shall be regularly billeted, except in the fuburbs of Edinburgh.

XXV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Juftices to or. That for the better and more regular provifion of carriages for dcr conftables his Majesty’s marine forces in their marches, or for their arms,

clothes, and acoutrements, in England, Walts > and the town of mfrIne Berwick upon Tweedy all juftices of the peace, within their fe- forces on their veral counties, ridings, divifions, (hires, liberties, and precinlts, march, being duly required thereunto by the faid lord high admiral, or three or more of the commissioners for executing the faid office of lord high admiral for the time being, by an order in writing under his or their refpeltive hand or hands, (hall, as often as fuch order shall be brought and (hewn unto one or more fuch juftices by the officer, or officers of the company or companies of marines fo ordered to march, iflue out his or their warrant or warrants to the high conftables or petty conftables of the divifion, riding, city, liberty, hundred or precinlt, from, through, near, or to which fuch compahy or companies shall be ordered to march; requiring them to make fuch provifion for carriages, with able men to drive the fame, as shall be mentioned in the faid warrant, allowing them fufficient time to do the fame, that the neighbouring parts may not always bear the burden: and in cafe mfficient carriages cannot be provided within any fuch riding, city, liberty, hundred, divifion or precinlt, then the next justice or juftices of the peace of the county, riding or divifion, (hall, upon fuch order as aforefaid being brought or (hewn to one or more of them, by any of the marine officers aforefaid, blue his or their warrant or warrants to the high conftables or petty conftables, of fuch next county, riding, liberty, divifion, or precinlt, for the purposes aforefaid, to make up fuch deficiency: and the aforefaid officer or officers, who by virtue of the aforefaid warrant or warrants from fuch justice or juftices of the peace, is or are to demand the carriage or carriages therein mentioned,

Z 3	of



Anno vicesimo nono Georgii XL c.6.	[1756.

of the high constable or petty constable to whom the warrant is directed, is and arc hereby required at the fame time to pay down in hand to the faid constable or petty conftable, for them of the person who shall provide fuch carriages and men, the sum of one (hilling for every mile any waggon with five horfes shall Rates for car- travel ; and the sum of one (hilling for every mile any wain with riages, fix oxen, or four oxen with two horfes, shall travel; and the sum of nine pence for eveiy mile any cart with four horfes shall travel; and (b in proportion for Ids carriages; for which rc-fpe&ive fums fo received, the faid constable or petty constable is hereby required to give a receipt in writing to the person or per-fons paying the fame: and fuch conftahle or petty constable mail order and appoint fuch person or persons having carriages within their refpe&ive liberties, as they shall think proper, to provide and furni(h fuch carriages and men, according to the warrant aforefaid, who are hereby required to provide and fumi(h Penalty on of- the fame accordingly; and if any marine officer or officers, for ficers forcing the ufe of whofe company or companies the carriage was pro-traveT more v*ded, shall force and cooftrain any waggon, wain, cart or car-thaunone day's r*a8c t0 ^avel more than one day’s journey, or shall not difehargp gurney, fcc. the fame in due time for their return home, or shall fuffer any marine or fervant (except fuch are fick) or any woman to ride in the waggon, wain, cart or carriage aforefaid, or shall force any constable or petty conftable, by threatnings or menacing words, to provide faddle horfes for themfelves or fervants, or ihall force horfes from the owners, by themfelves, fervants or private men; every fuch officer, for every fuch offence, shall forfeit the fum ot five pounds; proof thereof being made upon oath, before two of his Majeft/s juftices of the peace ot the fame county or riding, who are to certify the fame to the proper paymafter of his Majesty’s marine forces, who is hereby required to pay the aforefaid fum of five pounds accordingly to the order and appointment under the hands and leak of fuch juftices of the peace, and is al(b hereby impowered to dedudt the fame out of fuch officer’s pay.

Penalty on XXVI. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid* That conftables,&c. if any high constable or petty constable shall wilfully negjedfc or *egle&. refute to execute any fuch warrant of the faid justice or juftices of the peace, as shall be directed unto fuch constable or petty constable for providing carriages as aforefaid ; or if any person or persons, appointed by fuch constable or petty constable tp provide or fumifti any carriage and man, shall refute or pegleft 4o provide the fame* or any other person or persons whatfoever £haJl wilfully do any a£t or thing, whereby the execution of any fuch warrant or warrants shall be hindered or fruftrated; every inch conftable, or other person or persons fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit any fum not exceeding forty shillings, nor left than twenty shillings, to the ufe of the p6or of the pa-mtti where any fuch offence shall be committed: and all and every fuch offence and offences shall and may be enquired of, bpgrd and folly determined, by two of fos Majesty’s juftices of

foe





f75^0 Anno vicesimo nono Gborgii II. c. 5.	*	343

the peace, dwelling in or near tlie place where fuch offence shall be committed, who have hereby power to caufe the faid penalty to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner.

XXVII. And whereas tbi refpeftive fums efmney by this aft ap-feinted to be paid to the conjiables by the officers demanding fuch carriages may not in many cafes be fufficient to anfwer the charge and expend of providing the fame, whereby the faid conjiables may be frequently at great charges, over and above what is received by them of the faid officers% to the great burthen of the townfbip of which they are refpeftively conjiables, or elfe the persons furnijbtng fuch carriages may be grievoufly oppreffed: to prevent which, and that Treafurerc of fuch overplus charge may be borne by each county or riding, at JepayThecon-the general charge of fuch county or riding, be it further enadt- fable's extra-©d by the authority aforefaid, That the treasurer or treafurers of ordinary each refpedtive county or riding (hall, without fee or Feward, pay charg«* unto fuch constable all and every fuch reafonable fum or fums of money, lo by him paid, or laid out for fuch carriages, over and above wbat was or ought to have been paid by the marine officer requiring fuch carriages, out of the publick ftock of fuch county or riding, according to fuch rates, orders, rules and directions, as the faid juitices of the peace, in their quarter fef-fions affembled, within their refpedtive jurisdictions, Shall, from time to time, during the continuance of this a&, make, diredl and appoint, (which orders shall be made without fee or reward) regard being always had to the feafon of the year, and the length and condition of the roads through which iuch carriages are to travel.

XXVIII.	And in cafe the faid publick ftock of the county or riding be not fufficient (over and above the other purposes for which it was railed) to fatisfy the extroardinary charge of carriages before-mentioned; it is hereby further enadted, That

the faid juftices of the peace in the general quarter feffions shall p0fCS) how to have power, from time to time, to raise monies upon their re- bt raifed. fpedtive counties or ridings, in fuch manner as they now raise monies for building or repairing county gaols and bridges, to fatisfy the faid extraordinary charge of carriages.

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That no No wa waggon, wain, cart or carriage impreffed by authority of this &c.To carry adt, shall be liable or obliged by virtue of this adt to carry a- #bove 20 hun. bove twenty hundred weight; any thing in this a St contained dred weight, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXX.	And be it further enadted, That the carriages for the Carriages in fervice of the marine forces quartered or marching in Scotland, Scotland, bow shall be provided in like manner and at the rates, and the fur. to be provided, niftier of fuch carriages shall be paid, as was diredted .by the

Jaw in force in Scotland at the time of the union, with regard to the fumilhing carriages for land forces.

XXXI.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That if Marineswivrs, any officer, military or civil, by this adt authorized to quarter &c* not t0 be marines in any houfes hereby appointed for that purpofe, ftiall at con

any fent.



3H

Penalty.

Anno viccfimo nono Georcii II. c.6, [i756.

any time, during the continuance of this aCt, quarter any of the wives, children, men or maid fervants of any officer or marine in any fuch houfes, againft the confent of the owners; the party offending, if an officer of the marines, fhall, upon complaint and proof thereof made to the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral, or judge advocate, be ipfo fa&o caftiierea; and if a conftable, tythingman or other civil officer, he shall forfeit to the party aggrieved twenty shillings, upon complaint and proof thereof made to the next justice of the peace, to be levied by warrant of fuch justice by difttfefs and fale of his goods, rendering the overplus to the party, after deducing reafonable charges in taking the fame, p .	XXXII.	And	for the better prefervation of the game in or

officejsor ma- near fuch P^ce, where any officers or foldiers shall at any time fines de&roy- be quartered, be it enaCtea by the authority aforefaid. That if top the game, from apd after the faid twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix, any officer or marine (hall, without leave of the Jprd of the manor, under his hand and feal firft had . and obtained, take, kill or destroy any hare, conev, pheafant/ partridge, pigeon, or any other fort of fowls, poultry or fi(h, or his Majesty’s game, within the kingdom of Great Britain; and upon complaint thereof shall be, upon oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, convifled before any justice or justices of the peace, who is or are hereby impowered and authorized to hear and determine the fame ; (that is to fay) every officer fo offending shall for every fuch offence forfeit the sum of jfive pounds, to be diftributed among the poor of the place where the offence shall be committed; and every officer commanding ip chief upon the place, for every fuch offence committed by any marine under his command, shall forfeit the fum pf twenty shillings, to be paid and diftributed in manner aforefaid : and if upon conviction made by the juftices of the peace, and demand thereof alfo made bv the constable or overfeers of the poor, fuch officer shall refuie or negleCl, and not within two days pay the faid refpeCtive penalties 5 fuch officer fo refuf-ing or negledting shall forfeit, and is hereby declared to have forfeited his commiffion, and his commiflion is hereby declared to be null and void.

XXXIII. And whereas several marines, who being duly entered, may afterwards defert and be found wandering, or otherwife abfent-ing themfehes illegally from his Majefly’s fervid; it is hereby further enaCted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the conftable, headborough or tythingman of the town or place where any perfon, who may be reafonably fufpeded to be fuch Se’nbefore! a deferter, shall be found, to apprehend, or caufe him to beap-ju/tiep. prehended, and to caufe fuch person to be brought before any justice of the peace living in or near fuch town or place, who is hereby impowered and required to examine fuch fufpeCted person ; and if by his confeffion, or the teftimony of one or more witnefs or witneffes upon oath, or by the knowledge of fuch justice of the peace, it shall appear or be found, that fuch fu-f	IpeCta}

Conftable* may apprehend defert ers, and carry ( them b ju/liep.



.I75^'] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 6.

fpeCted person is a marine duly entered, and ought to be with the company to which he belongs; fuch juftice. of the peace shall forthwith caufe him to be conveyed to the gaol of the county or place where he shall be found; or to the houfe of correction, or other publick prifon in fuch town or place where fuch deferter shall be apprehended ; or to the Savoy, in cafe fuch deferter shall be apprehended within the cities of London or JVeJl-tninjiery or places adjacent, and tranfmit an account thereof to the fecretary of the admiralty for the time being, to the end fuch person may be proceeded againft according to law; and the Iceeper of iuch gaol, houfe of correction or prifon shall receive the full fubfiftcnce of every fuch deferter, during the time he ihall continue in his cuftody, for the maintenance of fuch deferter ; but shall not be intitled to any fee or reward on account of the imprifonment of any fuch deferter; any law, ufage or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

- XXXIV. And for the better encouragement of. any person or persons to fecure or apprehend fuch deferters, be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That fuch justice of the peace shall alfo iflue his warrant in writing to the collector or collectors of the land tax money of the parilh or town-(hip where fuch deferter shall be apprehended, for paying out of the land tax money arifen or to arife in the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix, into the bands of fuch person or persons who shall apprehend, or caufe to be apprehended any fuch deferter from his Majesty’s fervice the sum of twenty (hillings for every fuch deferter that shall be fo apprehended and committed; which fum of twenty (hillings shall be fatisfied by fuch collector or collectors, to whom fuch warrant shall be directed, and allowed upon his or their account.

XXXV. And be it further enaCted, That if any person shall harbour, conceal or aflift any deferter from his Majesty’s marine fervice, knowing him to be fuch, the person fo offending shall forfeit for every fuch offence the sum of five pounds ; or if any person shall knowingly detain, buy or exchange, or other-wife receive any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King, from any marine or marine deferter, upon any, account or pretence whatfoever, or caufe the colour of fuch clothes to be changed; every person fo offending in each, any or either of the cafes aforefaid, shall forfeit for every fuch offence the sum of five pounds; and upon conviction by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes before anyone or more of his Majesty’s juft ices of the peace, thefaid refpeCtive penalties of five pounds and five pounds shall be levied by warrant under the hands of the faid justice or juftices of the peace, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of the offender; one moiety of the faid firft-mentioned penalty of five pounds to be paid to the informer, by whofe means fuch deferter shall be apprehended ; and one moiety of the faid laft-mentioned penalty of five pounds to be paid to the informer; and the refidue of fhe faid refpeCtive penalties to be ps^id to tbe officer to whom

345

Juftice to com. mit them.

and tranfmit an account to the fecretary of the admiralty.

Gaol-keeper to receive the fubfiftence of deferten.

Reward for taking up deferters.

Penalty on persons concealing deferters, or buying their arms, clothes, &G.



346	Anno	vicesimo nono GeoRGII II. C. 6.	[1756.

any fuch deferter or marine did or doth belong: and in cafe any fuch offender, who shall be convifted as aforefaid of harbouring or affiftirig any fuch deferter or deferters; or having knowingly received any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King; or of having caufed the colour of fuch clothes to be changed, contrary to the intent of this aft; shall not have fufficient goods and chattels, whereon diftrefs may be made to the value of the penalties recovered againft him for fuch offence, or shall not pay fuch penalties within four days after fuch conviction; then and in fuch cafe, fuch justice or juftices of the peace shall and may, by warrant under his or their hand and feal or hands and feaU, either commit fuch offender to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize for the fpace of three months, or caufe fuch offender to be publickly whipt, at the difcretion of fuch justice or juftices.

Thit aft t XXXVI. Provided always. That fo much of this aft as reextend to de- ^ates to punifhment of fuch who shall harbour, conceal or , &rters, See. in a (Eft deferters, or shall knowingly detain, buy, exchange* or Ireland. otherwife receive any arms, clothes, caps, or other furniture belonging to the King, from any marine or marine deferter, or caufe the colour of fuch clothes to be changed, shall extend, to all ends and purposes whatfoeVer, to Ireland, and shall be put in execution in that kingdom by all juiiices of the peace and other officers refpeftively, according to the tenor and during the continuance of this act.

XXXVII. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-Continuance (aid, That this aft, and every thing herein contained, shall be of this aft.	an<i continue in force from the faid twenty fifth day of March

in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix, until the twenty fifth dav of March in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundrea and fiftv feven.

No volunteer XXXVIII. And to prevent as far as may be any unjuft or liable to pro- fraudulent arrefts that may be made upon marines, whereby his Ma-cefi, unlefs jefty and the publick may be deprived of their fervice, it is hereby lwfomc cri- further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That no person whatfo-or a reTl debt* cvcr w^° *s cntcrc^ or shall enter himfelf as a volunteer in his Ma-of the value jefty’s fervice as a marine,duringthecontinuance of this aft, shall be of sol. of liable to be taken out of his Majesty’s fervice by any proccfs or which oath to execution whatfoever, other than for feme criminal matter, un-e made.	for a rcaj or othcr juft caufc 0f aftion ; and unlefs be-

fore the taking out of fuch procefs or execution (not being for a criminal matter) the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein, or fome other person or persons on his or their behalf, shall make affidavit before one or more judge or judges of the court of record, or other court out of which luch procefs or execution (halT if-fue, or before fome person authorized to take affidavits in fuch courts, that to his or their knowledge the original fum juftly due and owing to the plaintiff or plaintiffs from the defendant or defendants, in the aftion, or caufe of aftion on which fuch procefs shall iffue, or the original debt for which, fuch execution shall be iffued out, amounts to the value of ten pounds at leaft, over

and

 

175&] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 6.	347

and abort all cofts of fuit in the fame aftion, or in any other aftion on which the fame {hall be grounded ; a memorandum a memo* of which oath shall be marked on the back of fuch procefs or there* writ; for which memorandum or oath no fee shall be taken : the^roce(sj0n and if any person shall neverthelefs be arrefted contrary to the intent of this aft, it shall and may be lawful for one or more judge or judges of fuch court, upon complaint thereof made by the party himfelf, or by any his fuperior officer, to examine into the fame by the oath of the parties, or otherwife, and by otherwifepri-warrant under his or their hands and feals, to difcharge fuch ma- Sfchw-g^ rine fo arrefted contrary to the intent of this aft, without pay- w*h cJlU. ing any fee or fees, upon due proof made before him or them, that fuch marine fo arrefted was legally entered as a marine in his Maieffy’s fervice, and arrefted contrary to the intern of this aft; and alio to award to the party fo complaining fuch cofts as fuch judge or judges shall think reafonable: for the recovery whereof he ihall have the like remedy that the person who takes out the (aid execution might have had for his cofts, or the plaintiff in the like aftion might have had for the recovery of his cofts, in cafe judgment had been given for him with cofts againft the defendant in the (aid aftion.

XXXIX. And to the end that honeft creditors, who aim only at the recovery of their juft debts due to them from persons entered as marines into his Majefty’a fervice, may not be hindered from fuing for the fame, but on the contrary may be af-fifted and forwarded in their fuits; and inftead of an arreft, which may at once hurt the fervice, and occafion a great expence and delay to themfelves, may be enabled to proceed in a more fpeedy and cheap method; be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That it ihall and may be lawful to and for any plaint- plaintiff gif. iff or plaintiffs, upon notice firft given in writing of the caufe of ing notice, aftion to fuch person or jperfons fo entered, or left at his or their may	a

laft place of refidence before fuch entering, to file a common ap-	,ap"

pearance in any aftion to be brought for or upon account or any debt whatfoever, fo as to intitle fuch plaintiff to proceed and proceed therein to judgment and outlawry, and to have an execution10 judgment, thereupon, other than againft the body or bodies of him or them fo entered as aforefaid j this aft, or any thing herein, or any former law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XL. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, penalty on That if any high conftable, conftable, beadle, or other officer conftable*, or person whatfoever, who by virtue or colour of this aft shall &c. neglecting quarter or billet, or be employed in quartering or billetting any marine officers or private men, shall negleft or refufe for the (pace of two hours to quarter or billet fuch officers or marines, when thereunto required, in fuch manner as is by this aft directed, provided fufficient notice be given before the arrival of fuch forces; or shall receive, demand, contraft or agree for any Penalty on fum or fums of money, or any reward whatfoever, for or on excufc an? account of excufing, or in order to excufe any person or per- person from fon? wtotfoevpr from quartering or receiving into his, her or quartering,

their aud on vic-



348	Anno	vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 6.	[1756.

tuallers refu- their houfe or houfes any fuch officer or marine; or in cafe any fing to receive victualler, or any other person liable by this a<Sfc to have any mannC5* officer or marine billeted or quartered on him or her, shall re-fufe to receive or victual any fuch officer or marine fo quartered or billeted upon him or her as aforefaid; or shall refute to fur-ni(h or allow, according to the directions of this ad, the feve-ral things herein before refpeCtively directed to be furniftied or allowed to non-commiffion officers and marines fo quartered or billettcd on him or her as aforefaid, at the rates herein before-mentioned, and shall be thereof convicted before any one or >	more	juftice or juitices of the peace of the county, city or li-

berty within which fuch offence shall be committed, either by his own confeffion, or by the oath of one or more credible wit-nefs or witneffes (which oath the faid justice or juftices is and are hereby impowered to adminifter) every fuch high conftable, conftable, beadle, or other officer or person fo offending, (hail forfeit for every fuch offence the sum of five pounds, or any futn of money not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than forty (hil-

H1* s (as the faid justice or juftices, before whom the matter I be heard, shall in his or their diferetion think fit) to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the person offending, by warrant under the hand and (eal or hands and feals of fuch justice or juftices before whom fuch offender shall be convi&ed, or of one or more of them, to be directed to any other constable within the county, city or liberty, or to any of the overfeers of the poor of the parish where the offender shall dwell; and the faid fum of five pounds, or the faid fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than forty shillings, when levied, to be paid to the overfeers of the poor of the parish where the offence mall be committed, or to fomc one of them, for the ufe of the poor of fuch parifh.

Juftices may order conlta-bles to give

private men, and where quartered.

XLI. And for the better preventing abufes in quartering or billeting the marines, in purfuance of this aCt, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That it shall and may be law-au account of fu] to and for any one or more justice or juftices of the peace cSficers'and^0^ Wlt^*n tbeir refpecfcive counties, cities or liberties, by warrant or order under his or their hand and feal or hands and feals, at any time or times during the continuance of this aCt, to require and command any high conftable, conftable, beadle, or other officer who shall quarter or billet any marines in purfuance of this aCt, to give an account in writing unto the faid justice or juftices requiring the fame, of the number of officers and private men who shall be quartered or billetted by them, and alfo the names of the houfe-keepers or persons upon whom every fuch officer or private man shall be quartered or billeted, together with an account of the ftreet or place where every fuch houfe-keeper dwells, and of the (igns (if any) belonging to their houfes 5 to the end it may appear to the faid justice or juftices where fuch officers and private men are quartered or billet* ed» and that he or they may thereby be the better enabled to

. pro*-



1756.] Anno vicesimo nonoGEORGli 1L c349

prevent or puoilh all abufes in the quartering or billeting of* them.

XLII. Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby declared by Claufe for re-the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix, when lilting, and as often as any person or peribns shall be inlifted as a marine or marines in his Majesty’s fervice, he andthey (hall, within four days, but not fooner.than twenty four hours after (uch inlifting refpe&ively, be carried before the next justice of the peace of any county, riding, city or place, or chief magiftrite of any city or town corporate (not being an officer of marines) and before fuch justice or chief magiftrate he or they (hail be at liberty to declare his or their diflent to fuch inlifting; and upon fuch declaration, and returning the inlifting money, and aifo each person fo diflenting paying the sum of twenty millings for the charges expended or laid out upon him, fuch person or persons fo inliftedfhall be forthwith discharged and fet at liberty,;in the preSence of fuch justice or chief magiftrate, but if fuch person or persons shall refufe or. negledt,' within the fpace of twenty four hours to return and pay fuch money as aforefaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be inlifted, as if he or they had given his or their aflent thereto before the faid justice or chief1 magiftratej or if (bch person or persons shall declare his or their having voluntarily inlifted himfelf or themfelves, then fuch justice pr chief magiftrate (hall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his hand, that fuch person or persons is or are duly inlifted \ Setting forth the place of the birth, age and calling of him or them refpedtively (if known) and that the Second and third fedfions of the articles of war for the better government of his Majesty’s marine forces while on (hore in Great Britain or Ireland, were read to him or them, and that he or they had taken the oath of fidelity mentioned in the twelfth fedtion of the faid articles of war; and if any fuch person or persons fo to be certified as duly inlifted, shall refufe to take the faid oath of fidelity before the faid justice or chief magiftrate, it shall and may be lawful for fuch officer, from whom he has received fuch money as aforefaid, to detain or confine fuch person or persons until he or they shall take the oath before required ; and every officer of marines that shall adfc contrary hereto, or offend herein, upon proof thereof upon oath made by two witnefles, before a general court-martial to be thereupon called,

(hall for fuch offence be forthwith ca(hiered and difplaced from fuch his office, and shall be thereby utterly difabled to have or hold any civil or military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his Majesty’s fervice.	.

XLIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That all his Majesty’s marine forces, as well officers as private men, shall part of the from time to time, during their being relpedlively borne as part complement of the complement of any of his Majesty’s (hips or veflels, be°fany (*}jp* fubjeft or liable m like manner, in all refpe&s, as any officers,	c

or fcamen employed in his Majesty’s fea fervice are fubjeft and ertablift>edby

liable aaGeo.a.c. 33.





350

Anno vicesimo  nono Georgii II. c. 7*	[ 1 755.

liable, to be governed and proceeded againft and puniftied for offences committed by them, during the time they shall be borne as part of the complement of fuch mips or veflels, according to the purport, tenor, effed and true intent and meaning of an ad of parliament made in the twenty second year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act for amending■, explaining and reducing into one aft of parliament, the laws relating to the govern-ment of his Majefty's flaps, vejfels and forces by flea* this present ad, or any thing herein contained notwithftanding.

CAP. VII.

An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of two millions, to be raifed by way of annuities and a lottery, and charged on the finking fund, redeemable by parliament and for extending to Ireland the laws made in this kingdom againfl private and unlawful lotteries.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeds the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, towards railing the neceflary fupplies to defray your Majesty’s publick ex-• pences, have freely refolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the sum of two millions; one million five hundred thousand pounds, part thereof to be raifed by annuities after the rate of three pounds ten (hillingsper centum per annum, and five hundred thousand pounds, refidue thereof, by a lottery, to be attended with annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, in fuch manner and form as is herein after direded;

/ and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enadted, and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual *,000,000!. to ana temporal and commons in this present parliament afiembled, be railed by and by the authority of the fame, That for or towards railing a*Tlottery.an ^aic* ^um two m^ions it shall and may be lawful to and for the several persons, natives or foreigners, and bodies politick or corporate, who in purfuance of the refolution of the c?ntfibut<>r* commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, have in pofitttfiiol " b00^8 opened at the bank of England for that purpofe, fubferib-per cent?in	ed and agreed to contribute to the payment of the faid fum of

part thereof, two millions, and who have in purfuance of the faid refolution to pay the re- depofited with, or paid to the calhier or ca(hiers of the governor in^he times anc* comPany	England for the time being, the

limited.im fum °ften pounds per centum, in part of the fums by them fub-feribed refpedively, to advance and pay unto the faid calhier or calhiers, who is and are hereby appointed the receiver and receivers of fuch contributions (without any further or other warrant to be fuedfor, had or obtained in that behalf) the remainder of the several fums fo fubferibed at or before the refpedive days or times, and in the proportions in this ad limited in that behalf.

II.	And whereas it is intended that all fuch contributors to the faid fum of two millions, who shall have fubferibed for four hundred pounds, shall be intitled to three hundred pounds in

annuities

CjOOQlC

1756.} Anao viccfimo nono Georgii II. c. 7.	351

annuities after the rate of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum> transferable at the bank of England, and to one hundred pounds in lottery tickets, to be attended with annuities (transferable alfo at the bank of England) oker the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and fo in proportion for a greater or lefs fum; be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, Times of pay. That all fuch contributors who have to made the faid depofit of	the

ten pounds per centum, in part of the fums by them feverally (hm of fubfcribed, as a fecurity for their making their future payments, 1,<00,0001, shall make the fame accordingly at or before the refpedhvc days J“^ribed t0" or times, and in the proportions in this adt limited in that be-half; that is to fay, in refpedt of their proportional fhare of the laid fum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, fifteen pounds per centum on or before the thirtieth day of March one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix; twenty pounds per centum on or before the fifteenth day or May then next enfuing; twenty pounds per centum on or before the fixteenth day of July then next enfuing; twenty pounds per centum on or before the fixteenth day of September then next enfuing; and the remaining fifteen pounds per centum on or before the thirtieth day of Ofto-ber then next enfuing; and in refpedt of their proportional (hare	of pay*

of the faid fum of five hundred thousand pounds, twenty pounds per centum on or before the twenty second day of April fam of one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix ; twenty pounds per 500*0001. to-centum on or before the fixteenth day of June then next enfuing; wardl the lou twenty five pounds per centum on or before the fourteenth day oftcrjr*

Auguft then next enfuing; and the remaining twenty five

pounds per centum on or before the twentieth day of Oftobtr then Annuities to

next following ; and that all fuch contributors for and in re- **** 31- *og*

fpe<ft of three fourths of the fums fo by them fubfcribed, shall be {*^c£c.n ' m“

Entitled to their proportional fhare of annuities after the rate of *

three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum ; and for and in

refpe& of the remaining fourth part of the fum fo fubfcribed, to and tickets jl.

as many lottery tickets as the faid fourth part of the fum fo fub- *** ccnt’

feribed shall purchafe, after the rate of ten pounds for each

ticket; and that every fuch contributor or adventurer, for every

fum of ten pounds fo advanced for the purchafe of a lottery

ticket, shall be intitled to fuch lot, and to fuch annuity, after

the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, as is herein after

directed and appointed.

III.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That the annuities which shall become due and payable to the Annuities to several contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors f^m^iTFeb. and afligns, after the rate of three pounds ten (hillings per cen- ,75$. turn per annum, in refpeft of the faid fum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, part of the faid principal fum of two millions, shall commence and be computed from the eleventh day of February one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix; and * that fo much of the faid annuities, as after the faid rate of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum shall be due on the be on 5 Jan. fifth day of January one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, 1757. and

(haU

 

352	* -.Axmohdceftno actioc®	fcrmiy. f

afterwards to fbrfhheitfcwi'paid j* and that the annuities which shall from ant! vearlv	after thartimefbc dine lhall be paid half-yearly on the fifth day

y y' ef jub anAthfe fifth day of January, by even and equal portions";

and that the annuities which shall become due and payable to the /ahi contribiitfow, their executors, adminiftrators, fuccHTb^ and affigns, at the rate of three pounds per centum perQwtnm\ \ti Intercfton refpeft of die faid principal fum of five hundred thousand commence P°^nds, refidueof the faid principal fum of two millrorrs, shall on 5 Jan.	commence and be.computed from the fifth day of Jam/ary:

1.757. and	which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hun-

payable half- dred and fifty Seven, and shall from time to time be paid half-yearly. yearly on the fifth day of July and the fifth diy of January, by even and equal portions ; the firft payment thereof td:be due and payable for the half-year ended the fifth day of July which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and fifty (even. ■ • ...* h mus qas.> d.v.-u Cafhier to give r	And be it»farther enabled by the authority afofefaid,

receipts for That the faid cafhier or cafliiers, who shall have received, or money paid in, shall receive any part of the Turns fo paid by way of depofir,' or othervrife, in rc(pe& of the faid annuities, after the rate of tbfee *lu^na e* pounds ten Shillings per centum per annum, shall forthwith give receipts in writing,!figned by himfelf or themfelves, to every fuch ’ contributor for all fuch fums, and that the receipts to be given fpr any fums^paid in;refpe6t of the faid annuities, after the rate of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum, shall be af-figmble byintfqrfeittent thereupon made at any time before the1 thirtieth day v&Offtiter one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix, and fto longer. '	;	•	-

Cafhier to eive j 'Vi ^Provided always,. That fodh cafhier oV tfafltiWfe ftflfll fepurity j 6 fecurity to the* goodiiking of arty three or tiortf fionersof the treafory now.being;! or;the^ hrg^ three or more >of the corhmffliortertfof «che wtafui^f<fe*f&ie&4}e being, for dolyi atrfwqrmg and paying into* ThdHte Wh! jefty’s exchequer for the pobtidt tife ,1*11 the mOdlk shall have already jrecoived by way Of topofif ,* dr rOtfckrWffiS^ shall hereafter receive,:fr0tn< ti me toqi ff>e, Of-OTt fofUfte of two millions, and for accountingduly for thd performance of the truftS'herc^^dn thttri repofcd ,	from time to tiirie,. fo pay all 'fiichtatxvfes as food w

the monies i”.rcceiVe the feme* or any part thereof, or withiw^five day^’aftfef^ to the exchc- wards at theiartheft, and (h*H account for alfmch^swtjeeetr-quer.	ed by him or them; in* the exchequer, accordlfig^fo

courfe thereof, deducing thereout fachfuttrs a»4ball?hdVo%feett paid by him or them in purfuance of this a&,in^atortr<fetfre± in after mentioned 5 forwhidifuiro fo paid, aUoWftfi&'fhatf be made in his or their accounts. •/*	, ,

VI. And be it further ena&ed by the auAdriiy aftfrdfeid* Treafory to That ft foall and may be lawful to and for the ^rnmlfllOoers oT nles to tite^er- ^ls Majesty’s *reafurynd wbeing, or the highJtrmfai^ Or sUff vices voted by *hnee or moreof the coiTmufl^nersuf^heereaf«Hyxfo^4^ time the commons; being, front two: t(r time, to tffucfandapplfi all AdK1 fume q(

1X4 -tedfcey



353

1756-] Aitoo* vtccfimo none GeoRgii II. c. 7.

money 29 shall (6 be paid into the receipt of his Majesty’s exchequer by the (aid cafhier or cafhiers, to fuch fervices as shall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain m this icflion of parliament.	*

VIL And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Contributors That in the office of the accomptanf general of the faid governor names to be and company of the bank of England for the time being, there cmered in a shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which shall be bo°* * fairly entered the names of all fuch contributors as aforefaid; and it (hail and may be lawful for the faid refpedlive contribu- the fame tQ ^ tors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and alfigns, jn^acd from time to time, at all feafonable times, to have rcfort to and gratis, i&fpedt the faid book or books, without any fee or charge; and that the hid accomptant general for the time being, (hall, on D Bcateto or before the twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hun- bcTran^mitted drcd and fifty eight, tranfmit an attefted duplicate, fairly written t0 the exche-on paper, of the faid book or books,/into the office of the audi- quer. tor of the receipt of his Majcft/s exchequer, there to remain for ever.

VIII.	And it is hereby enadled by the authority aforefaid. Contributors That all fuch contributors, duly paying the whole fums by yaking gpod them refpedfively fubferibed, at or before the refpedlive days their pay-and times in this adl before limited in that behalf, their refpec- jpents, to have tive executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors and affigns, shall have, thc^nnuitieiu receive and enjoy, their proportional (hare of the refpedlive annuities of three pounds ten millings per centum per annum, and

three pounds per centum per annumy out of the monies by this adl herein after appropriated for payment thereof, and shall have good and fure eftates and interefts therein for ever; fubjedt ncverthelefs to the provifoes of redemption in this adl herein after contained, concerning the fame refpedlively5.

IX.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, contributors That all fuch contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fuc- making their ceflors and affigns, paying in the whole, or any part of the payments hre-fums by them fubfbribed refpedlively, previous to the days ap- v.'ous thc pointed for the refpedlive payments herein before diredled, as

well in rcfpedl to their proportional (hare of the £aid fum of one interest for tbs million five hundred thousand pounds, as of the faid fum of lame, See. five hundred thousand pounds, shall be infilled to an allowance of fo much money, as the interest of the several fums fo previ-oufly paid, after the rate of three pounds per centum.per annum shall amount to, from the days on whic£ fuch previous payments shall have been adlually made, to the refpedlive times on which fuch payments are diredled to be made; fuch allowance to be paid by the faid cafhier orcafhiers, out of the monies contributed towards the (aid fum of two millions, as foon as fuch refpedlive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fuccef-fors and affigns, shall have completed their payments herein before diredled to be made; and that as foon as any contributors, fheir executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors and affigns, shall have completed their payments of the whole purchafe monev, payable Vo*. XXI*	by





Contributor? not making good their payments to Forfeit their depoiits.

Annuities, &c charged on the Unking fund.

354	. Aflnq	U'7S6‘

by them i;efpedively for any fuch annutfie* efterfh* ratc^f three pounds ten (hillings per ctntym pir	^principal

fum or fijjns by them fubferibed ,apd. m\id for: thp ^mrchhfcvof fuch annuities, lhall forthwith be ‘placed to the .credit	tho Jaid

contributors, their executors, adminiftrators^fucCeflgffs anil Mr figns, completing the faid payments, andmade ^bf^orribic^ the books of the bank of Enghndy to be kept for tKa$ purpofiv.

X.	Provided always, That in cafe ?Siny filch cpiuriB^foi# who have already deposited with, or paid to the faid ca/fjfor jof calhiers, any fum or fums of money, at the times and jc} manner before-mentioned, in part of the fums fo by feribed, or their refpe&ive executors, adminifhafor^J^jg or afligns, do not advance and pay to the laid caf^* ~ ~ foiers, the refidue of the, fums fo by them fubfop) times and in the manner before-mentioned* then and xty fuch cafe, fo much of the fum fo fubferibed as shall Bav^ actually paid in part tliereof to the faid cafhier or cafofoB^ be forfeited forthe benefit of the publick; any thing in tnis contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notyi^kandim.

XI.	And be it further charted by the ’ authority\a£a^^

That the several annuities which by this a&arf minted and made payable, in refpe& of the sum of one million five hundred thoufandf pounds, part of the ftttd Asm of twoaniiiiofis^ asifc refpedt of the sum of five hundred thouftnd pbuncfo, beingrJtkfe refidue of the fakl two millions, until redemption ther^pf^ parliament in manner herein afttr-mcittiohed, (hail borJi^^rS and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the monies wfaoxh foall, from time to time, arife and be remaining in tba^tedefot of his Majesty’s exchequer, of or for she fUrpluilfey exc&fesk overplus monies, and other revenues, compofing the ftmd»coa*. monly called The Sinking Fund; and the fatd furphifles, iendfos, overplus monies, and other revenues, are hereby appropriated for that purpofe accordingly.	r	^	^

XII.	AikI for efiablifhing a proper method for drawfngufc

faid lottery j be -it further enacted by the authority Iafrtrdaid. That fuch persons as the cormniffioners of his	trig*-

fury, or any three or more of them now being; or tne high treafurer, or any three or more of the CommifioneTs ofjfijr treasury for the time being shall appoint, lhall. baxnaoiagees and directors for preparing and delivering out tickets, and w ovo^ fee the drawing of lots, and to order, do, and paforrfi, fuch1 dither matters and things as are hereafter in and by thio*dbdi-relted and appointed by fuch managers and directors to.bedtaqe and performed $ and that fuch managers and dire&qrs wdl meet together, from time to time, at fome publick qffice or pbf£ for the execution of the powers and trulls in them repofed by tills a<5t i and that the faid mai>ager$ and directors,' or fo OU»V of them as shall be present at any fuch meeting,, or the ioniy^r

, .. .part of them, shall caufe books to be prepared, in which ovwjr fhreePlumas,	divided or dlftinguiftied into three cofomns,‘^nd

in each of 'upon the innermoft of the faid three.columps, th^jQhafl be

'	‘	Sprinted

Managers and

directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury.

Books to be



*75^.3

fKittfeft

Arino* Vitefifhtrhbno Obor'Cii II. c.'.

17 Hiotifeftd tfckfct$^Wirelyy imcndeiJto be madd forfB^ — «<-» 5 .. r__.m3brt8;7ot\b, twp’ tfir£e* arid To onwards,"in an arith-*tn^Vj^dKpni ’yJhere ^e cainmoh excefsls to bebne,unr pr,n *

^ mm. ^	mm	A	.	A	Ik.   T	_ J*	  /*_.	-a.	_l	_   J____

3S5

hich 5o.ooo tickets to be

tiftHW liletd and for'the jn'U (fiber of fifty thousand ; and upon the!*wdtile columnin every (if th* faid bodks, shall be printed ^^thddflhd tickets, of the feme! breadth and form; and num-Tbemriin like foftrirrer 5 arid in the extream column of ^h© faid bbak±there ihaU be printed a third rank or feries of* tickets, of V^evftrtle rimbb^rnrith thbfe of the other two columns ; which Tickets fob© i&ktrisHffaall feveralfy be. of in oblong figure j and in the faid°f an °blong » baokr fballbe joined with obITque lines, flouri(hes,.or devices, in fuel) manner qs the Cud managers and directors, or the 01a- oblique lines, 16r part if them, Hull think moft fafeand convenient; and that &c. every ticket ih tbe third of extream column of theTaid books* T^kets in ifelrhivriyvrhten or printed thereupon (befides the number of [oh^ve thT' ^fiicHticket, and the prelent yearof.ogr tord Chrifly Words to words follow-

f :.iv .1 ing printed oft J.TIlr| *	.... .-•them.

fix pounds, part of tie joint Jink	t

tf yhjHiitirt, tftirtht rate of thru,pounds per centum per annum* ttmifertWe M lb* bank of England, or to 4 tutor chutist.	;

Mwgan to -wtanuae the books with the tickets, and deliver them to the ca(hie£.CaiJiier tq give a ticket for every fum of 101. paid m. ^Ca/hier to redeliver the books to the managers., by 6 Nov. and account for’rhe firmi reedvect. Tickets undifpofed of to he returned into the exchequerf Ticke^bf thttelddjs ooiapuis to be rolled up, and tied, and cutqtt dcnfwtfo int» a hqx marked (A) • Box to be locked and foaled. Bocks

i,b6o 1. upror 5661. 141 or 1001. 0*0 oi 50 w 55)7$ ot aoi. 50 If) Hi ds^tvJV ticjwlt, and 10001, to the laty, .43,500 Wank tickets, at xbc the. outenasoff columns to be rolled up and tied, anq $pt- pqt indentwife, into ajbox marked (B), Publick notice to be grveir oftmies of cutting the tickets into-the boxes. The lottery tp be~ gin drawing 12 Nov. After each day’s drawing the boxes to be locked up aiid;ft»W. NAlbert of the fortunate tickets, and tbe (urns, to be njintaiL - X^ptes re^ri^ thereto, to be	by the managers, "Pe-

nalty of forging tickets or certificates, leloTtyr Ca finer may give receipts for monies para in, before he receives the tickets, Adventurer not paying his1 whole coiififlefation'motley, (hail lofo the advanced money. Managers, &c. toHje’p^id by the commifOoqers of the treafmy out of the lottery money* Guardians joqay ad vent me infants money in die lottery.

Limitatjpn jof ftfo ©fchances, *$c. Perform felling (b£res in tickets of ysjiich thjy^are hot polfdied, to forfeit 5001.

, XXVI. And be it furtherena&ed by tjic authority ^for^faid, OiTenc^com-/

Ire-

-	.A.	r	»	'venting un-

periaity arid pummment, to be infliaed in like manner, as it the jawful lotte-

offerice wtfsOTirimittetf in this kingdom;, and’that fycfi peaal-rHs, declared.-

titA as by anythe firid1 adts arc dirddlcd to be recovered in any

of his Majefty^s omits of record at Wefiminfior IhaU, in c^fe ofa	•

ofl%nceSTcoaiipittcd dgafinft any of the faid ahi Irtffnd* be re- and may he

covered inaht^rW^ifajcfty's ddurts gf record at Dublin*	m

-..'I-	A	a	a w	Alter	JJUi)ll4l‘



356	Anno	flcefuOT	nAhtf-GuoUGir	II.	ocp£ t

After the ^noringrof th* lottery* the? dok«t» w *b$ fexcl*4fe£Sl Cor ?**&>

ficates. Accompunt general to give credit ^jpiwciptt 6tm*tfli5bc certificates. A/Ti^nmerUs mny be made ot the faid fupav STf^jCefti^a^ to be lied and cancelled, and notes to’be given hi lieu uiereor* ^	,

XXX. And for the more eafy and fure payment,* aSwell of the. faid annuities after the rate of three pounds ten untum per annum,1 as of the faid annuities after the tftb of thrie£ pounds per untum per annum, be ft enaded by the ^utft6rfttr A chief caihi- aforefaid. That , the faid governor and bompatiy of thebahkt# er, and ac-^ England, and their fucceffors/fltaJI, firodi time1 totufie^ttirflF neri? to be kid refpe<ftive annuities shall be redeemed according to tW§ appointed by a<ft* appoint and imploy one or more fuffidient petfon^^&fbna the bank for within their office in the city of London, t® be their fiffcotchtef paying the Ca(hier or calhiers, and one other fufficient perfon’irithbikkf mucs* office to be their accomptant general; and that ftf tifueft fettWfr' monies by this a& appropriated for this purpofe, as fhkll hefdf^ ficient, from time to time, to anfwer the faid fevetel aftfclf¥fef£a& ; tive annuities, and other payments herein direfted ttf bfc Treafury to out of the faid monies, (hall, by order of 'the iflue monies treifury, or any three or more of tHctn nfoW'beiiig,^1 tfti* iSfcto the" high treafurer, or any three or more of the com miffibrttt*ST bf kh& laid cafliier. treasury for the time being, without any further or other

rant to be fued for, had or obtained in that behalf, front tfftrtf to- time, at the rcfpe&ive days of payment in this ad IXsfdre ipU-’ pointed for payment thereof, to be iflued and paid at the receipt ctf his Majefty*s exchequer to the faid firft or chief cafttfers, by way of impreft, and upon account, ment of the faid several and refpedive annuities payable byVir^ tue of this ad; and that all and every fuch cafhicr ^rtd tfathiersL, tp wbom the faid monies (hall, from time to tfme^b^lflbSIVi who is td ac- fhall, from time to time, without delay, pay the Snc! °r 1 C higly, and render his or their accounts thereof, aocoraAig^ti •,	due courfe of the exchequer.	v	.	sr.ii.

Accbtftptant XXXI. And it is hereby alfo enaded, That	1	1

general t6 cx-comptant general for the time being (hall, frdm twite *6* ft&e$° ce?1 ts and fC"	aiu* examine all receipts and payments of the fjtf<fdi(HlW’T

payments of or <*(hters, and the vouchers relating thereunto, id orde^W the cafhicr. prevent any fraud, negligence or delay ; and that att Annuities whc> fliall.be ihtitled to any of the faid reveral and	lift?

^e”?e<J a Per* nuities, and all persons lawfully claiming under them, shall biT* &c. and	thereof	as	of	a perfonal eflate, and that the fatae &atf

tax-free. not be defcendable to the heir, and shall be fntefrohrall^kitesy" charges and impofitions whatfoever, and shall not behaWelf<*anyM .foreign attachment by the cuftom of London, or otfterWife i fchy" law, ftatute or cuftom to the contrary in any wife notWfth^ ' (landing.	l	?	;	v	^	r“1*'

The three and XXXII, And be it further ettiufted by the authority tfbheftftf,v half per cent. That the faid fum of one million five hundred thbufendJJbuHfc?

. . part of the faid film of two millions, on^whkh* th^4aitf 6ihtn-tock* 1	*	ties, after the rate of three pounds tdn (hillings p&t&tufa fifi'

annum, (ball be.attending, fli^li bo deemed ohfrttrpiWl ,.* • »	f	K	*■	* ftock;

Anoo tfc^fenojw^^iBORoif M.xjjjt.	SS7

ftook Ktndjtliat &U perfon* and eorporatibns whatfoevir, in prb-pbrtiontd memonied by them Severally advanced, forthe pdr-Atiafe!• bfs[rimyti$s .^fter^'tfic rate of three, pppod* ten'

(hillings per centum per annum, or to which they shall become in-pitied, byvjrtu^of	(hall	have	and be deemed to have,

a	>nd (hare in the (aid flock and in the annuities	the fwe*; at tthe. rate aforefaid j and that the made

(aid whole capital QX joint flock, or any (bare orintereft there-, transferrable. ip, ^and $£ proportional annuity attending the feme, shall be affigpablp and transferrable as thi$.,aft dir efts*' and not other*

Ji -.v	;	.	•-.	..	■	'» -’ =

XXXIIJ^And be it further enabled by the authority afore- The jh per (pjd*,Th&t;all the monies to which any person or perfona (haH cent, annui-b^qpme infilled by virtue of tfiis ad, in refpeftof any fum made°a^oi,it V£pced <HLCpnfrtt>uted towards the (aid fom of five hundred thou (and pounds, on which the (aid annuities a&er the rate o# nuities of like fhree potmds ^r centum per annum, shall be attending, shall be value, incor-a^d^d the' joint flock of annuities transferrable at the bank of P°^ted

which the fevcral fums carrying an interest after15 ***c,*7# l£$ rate of. three pounds per centum pet annum,, were by an aft made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his prefentJVdajcfty, coftVertech and shall be deemed part of the faid joint flock ^of annuities > fob] eft -ne verthelefs to a redemption by parliament, m inch manner, and upon fuch notice,* as is in the faid aft di-: rented in refpeft of the several and refpeftive annuities redeem* able by virtue of the faid aft; and that all and every person and pepfops, and corporations whatfoever, in proportion to the money tp which he, (he, of they shall become intitled as aforefaid l>y virtue of this aft, shall have and be deemed to have* a proportional jntereft and (hare in the faid joint flock of annuities at the rgte gfprefeid. . (

#XXiy , Arid be it further enaftedhy the authority aforefaid, Tranferbooks, That there shall be conflantly kept by the accomptant general to be kept by forjhg time being, books wherein all affignments or transfersthc accomP* * of## C*ptel or joint flock of annuities alter the rate of threetantgcncral# pounds ten (hillings per centum per annumy and alfo all affign-ments .pr transfers of the laid annuities after the rate of three pounds	centum per annum,	(hall at all feafonable times been-,

tpred and regiftered; which entries shall he conceived in proper Method of wpfds for that purpofe, and shall be fignedby the pasties roak- transferring it}g foft* alignments or transfers, or it fuch parties be abfenr, bys |beh* relpeftive attorney or attomies thereunto lawfully au-tnpr'vzcd in writing under, their tends and feals, to be atteifted bV^wo or tnore credible .witoefles, ,aod that the several perfon® to whom fuch transfers (ball be made, do refpeftively underwrite their acceptance thereofand that no other method of aiTtgning and traosferring the. faid feveral.Annuities, or any part thereof, begood, and available in law.

tfways,, That nil persons poflefled of any.Anmi-lt;ef de> ftwe o^ifitcreft inpHhct of the faid joint (locks of annuities, or vifobtc by ai^i^ai#	^bewip^inay devils .Ae.lawe by will ii» will.

„>!>>	A	a	3	writing.

 L^ooQle

Entry to be made of fuch claufe.

358	ATirft

wiring, attfefttd by two urihore credible witnefles 5; biitthatiigi payment (halt bi made od any fuch tietife, fill lb much oif the laid w»H as relates to the laid joint flocks of ahnuitiCs he entered in thefakl office; and in default bf fach transfer or devife, fuch ihare orintereft in thefaid joint flock of annuities fltfdl gotolbe Transfer not executors 'or admtniftrators; and that no flatnp duties wbratfo-! liable to ftamp ctb,- iftiallbe charged on the laid transfers, or any of them toy, uues' other law orflatutetoihe contrary notwithftandtng, :,u.a.QUnZi Treafury to XXXVl. Provided always, and be it enabled by thO'ulMht pay all inci- rity afbruMd, That oirtrof the monies aritlng from theconfrifcu-dent charge*, tions towards raifing the.faid fum of two mahons, th&cemttkiP' doners of the treasury, or atfy three or. more of them o©*» b*« ing, or the high treasurer, hr any three of more of the coirw miffionersof the treasury tor the time being, shall h^Yepower’ to difeharge all ftieh incident charges as shall nccelTar>iy.attend the execution of this adl, in fach manner as to them fhah feefla juft and rbafonaMe; and alfo to fettle and appoiht fbfh jjlbw-ances as they (bethink juft and jreafonable for the-fervice, piios and labour of the faid caftiier or cafhiers, for receiving, paying and accounting for the faid contributions; at)d alU? shall fiayfc power to make out of the faid finking fund, fuch furtteranofr* aiKCs as they shall think Tuft and reafonable, for the./ervjce* pains and labour of the camier or caftiiers of the govCrtior and company of the bank of-England, for receiving, payifig'and’acr-counting for the revetal and Tefpective annuities payability v«e tue of this adt; and alfo for the fervice, pains and iabourpf me-ac* comptant general of the faid governor ai\d company,;fQf perform -to be at the ihgthe duty and truft incumbent on,him by;thl$a<ft j, all whi'dft diipolal of the allowances hereby impovrered to be made aaafortfaid^io.Mfpeft, bank.	to the fervice, pains and labour of any officer or officers ojf the

faid governor and company, shall be for the ufe and hfflpebt of theoaid gdvernor and company, and at their difpofal orgy ;; apy

and to make an allowance to the csdbker# and accornp-tent general$

Officers taking any tee in the

canrie ot their Majesty’s fubjedte, for'receiving'or paying the faid fonkribuJfoii tcit »o1 i r’ monies* dr any of thbm,' or for any tallies or receipts concent*-1 ' ing the fame, or for ifTyfog rhe monies for paving the Taid feve-*

. ral annuities, or‘any of them \ and that no fee or gratuity shall be demanded or taken for any transfer, gredt or fwdU Jetty made in purfuance of this a^, upon pain that the officer or perfgn offending, by takingw ^demanding any fuch fee ojr.gra--tuity contrary to this iff, maff forfeit tYi’e fuin of twenty pounds, to the party grieved,*'Jo* ofr recovered’ wrfti fori CoPisJof Juft any Of his Majesty ^ cmirft 6f>ebofd at ‘Ptyftktnfjry ' * n*	,

The annuities aXXVIII. Provided also,1 and It is*, tetfefey at 31, ios. authority afonefiaid, That at arty time	of	,

Ped'em!bletUi ye?rsJ to b* charted'froga the eleventh day of atW the expi. orte,thqufand feven hundred and fifty fix, and not lo ^ipoft ration of 15 fix months notice to be printed in the Londdh XZdzehe, ana affix-years, &c. ed upon the 'Royal 'Exchange' in London, *tfy ^ICit1tC>'x*ity of parliament.





m

TYsfci . Am® MccGnmntfno Georgr II, c. 7.

rhent$ 'arldr fipohrepayment by park ament of the tohoie principal futtt Of cine million five huhdretf thousand pounds, for which the afKt> the-nwieof chtec pounds ten (hillings ptrcen-tUnoptr otuium are payable, to f«ch refpedlive perions or corpo-mtarwaf (hull beintitled to the fame annuities, or upon the hhejepeyatetit by parliament of any part of the laid turn of on0 tpiUioil frte hundred thou&ndpounds, fo at fuch part of thq fiunfo paid at any ooetrroe, be not lefs than five hundred thou* fimd1 povmdv and alio -upon full payment of all arrearages of thefatne astnakiet> then, aad not till'then, the faid annuiue? (hatt'Oeafr^hd determine, and bh underftood to be- redeemed; aod that? aay vote or refolatian ofitbe houfe of commons, fed oho fisher in writing, to be infprted in the	Ga~

putt*,! aodaJRwed <on the Royal Excbauge in London as aforefaid,

IhaU be deemed and adjudged to befuffeient notice, within the Wordsiprid meaning of this aft.

Provided always, and it is hereby ena&ed by the Bank to con-authority afordiid, That the Aid governor and company of the '’"I1* a.f®rlKJr bonk'Ot jtaglond, and their fucceflors, notwithstanding the re-^nu^tiei^' demptioh bf dll or^ainy their own. funds in purfuance of the Aid redeemed, &c. adt&'Mnr elUbli thing, the fame, or any of them, (hail continue a corporation till all the faid several annuities shall be redeemed by'parhamentj ’accordirig to the provifoes herein before contained in>«bar'bchd]f}Qnd that the faid governor and company, orany member thereof, shall not incur any (inability for or by reafim ofnhcirdojng any-matter or thing in purfuance of this aft.

-d'-XL. And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid, Limitation of That if any person hr persons shall at any time or times be filed *a,on*?

•or profiicuted for any thing by him or them done or executed ha, purfuance of this a&, or of any matter or thing in this aft fcoptained, ftiGhperfoii or perlbns (hail- and may plead the geno-«d i€U*i and give the fpieciaf matter, in evidence for his or their General iffus* defence> and if upon the trial a verdidt shall pafs for the da-ifcndiap't or defendanfs, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become 'nonfqited, then fuch defendant or defendants shall have treble •mils u to him or;:them awarded againft fuch plaintiff or plain- Treble coda. tiBLsn;-'

<U . • :	C	AP.	VIII. '

* - ; a r » . I ‘	.	'	*	.	1	»1

f'jht oMtorepedl a elaufc in an a£t made in the twentyfixtb yeat of bit present Majtfty, intituled, An act to oblige fhips more effeftually to perfotm their quarentine • anil K’ for the.betjer preventing the plague being brought '* from foreign parts imp Qreat Britain or. Inland, or the : ifles of Gmrnfey, Jerfey, jlderny, Sqrk op Man, wbfrely > tbejiationmg offbips infefled with the plague, to the north-\- ward1 bf Cape Finifterre, is confined to the harbour of r. FJewGrimsby, and removeable to no other places ttnd

A a 4	'	•	'	for

 300 le

/

Si,* --

»6 G. 2. c. 6. ft.

^nno vfccfcmo iwno^GEDKJiilt osuA |^i

,,,/^r pointing a mm fafe ^

''ibtr&f. '■'*	.	j5^j< 1 » «i**t rid f*fbjEl/.

\%T fi E R ST A S by an aft of parliamentmaie at{

*VV twenty-fixtb year of the reign of bit prefehp^ni tuledy An abt to bblfge (hips more effeblually to ^Won^ ffllff rentine; and for the better preventing the plague being brought from foreign parts into Griot Hrftaih or Irelandor the Hies of Guertfeyy Jerfey, Alderney, Sark or Man\ it Jffamn^e^r things) enaftedy That if the plague Jball appear, on^oardf ing to the northward of Cape Frnifterre, the mqflerfcoflmtnaer9 or other perfnty having charge thereof \ flaU imrne^twy'*ptS^^ eba harbour of New Grimsby, in the islands */SeHlyJ remain till intelligence tlnreof Jball be eomsnunkaucbdt(\wsdamt as therein mentionedy to one of bis Majsflfs principal fierfafys'ajtftate, and his Majeflys pleafure be known thereinr and	i&9giQiop~

pears that the faid^ harbour of New Grimfoy is	ami

dangerous place for the'reception of flips and veflels tnflfteawtlb'the plague, by reafon that the fame lies between the ijfaffa „	andBryer, both fully,inhabited i and whereas there U a^hebfbflr^

hour in the faid islands */ScilIy, called Saint Helen’s ffepl%jp&ffr is Jhfe and commodious for the reception of Jbips and vgflpU^\a^4 far 9	ingfituate	between	three	uninhabited iflands, is a, mere pttpsrr$lau

for the Rationing of flips infefted with the plague*> ihanthe.barjbour ^New Grimfby: be it therefore enabled by th$ excellent majefty, by and and with the advice and lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, ip th^.prmpt; parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fan^,\

The recited faid clause in the above-mentioned aft, whereby daufe repeal- ’0f (hips infebled with the plague, to the northward of **•	'nijlerre9 is confined to the harbour of New Grimsby

movable to no other place, (hall, from and afrer^tt^pa^u^.^ "this prefertt a&, be, and is hereby declared to be*

'fally repealed to all intents and purpofes. : ..	^	^

VeflTeh infeft- II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforeU(49^V!t ed, being to from and after the faid palling of this prefentstblyif/lhp plague ^Cap^F^nU appear on board any (hip or veflcl, being to. the fterre, to pro- Ward °f Cape Finijlerre, the matter, commander, or other jpegc^ ceed to St. having the charge of fuch fhip or veflcl, shall immediacy Helen's Pool, ce$d to the harbour of'Saint Helens Ppoly between .theominiw-floarentine,n kited J^an^s of Saint Helen*Sy Teany 2nd North

• other place as his Majesty, hi$ heirs Or foccefTors, by the advice of his or their privy council, shall direbt and appoint, and fhal| ther^ remain ip like rr^n^^g^d fobiebl to the like orders, provifions, reftriblions and jeguLrtic imafubjebl to the like penalties for difobedience,-m ^en^bj brovided and inflibled by the aforefaid abt, with relpe^ ^o^v. infebledwith the plague, proceeding to the hwbaur $ hfap Cuftom-houfcGrimsby \ and that the cuftom-houfe officers	infei|i-

officcr to fendI gence to one of bis Majesty’s principal fccretarie^F iwc*4if 0J. infeed w]tb t^e plague comljpg^	faid

1 ^....................... *	*	’	wbour





Akira) .^keifK&raj^a'SjEORsir IF.

*«*

J’osfy orAttih other place te Uiall bv'hi* K» the:fecre-Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, by and with the advice of his *»te.

*> fe^ll Ofll . ■ : A • C A'P, IXi	"

^U^JbreJtublifhing a fund for payment of the bonds of ftm *fiftrtiory b&iUffs qnd commonalty of the company of ff.	the great level of the	called Bed-

\\tx^fqpd\ •,: and for exchanging	the

. v faidatrpoeation fir other bonds, payable out of the '■-s'-'njies'df ':rbe middle and fouth levels, part of the fold great ■'s': Itoili add for enabling the faid corporation to borrow

&tbi ufc°fthe faid great leveL

AS by ah aft of .parliament made in the ffteenth gyCar.ax.17u -',V'V f&f of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An fettling the draining of the great level of the fens, call-^^Bedfiri Levely taking notice that Francis earl of Bedford, ac-'ti/rliiftgfiti-ii law of fewer:, mdde at King’s Lynn in the, fix th year "tiffbereigef of King Charles the Firjl, had undertaken the draining heat levels fttuatt within the counties of Northampton, ^n^cffiv'wtfolk, Lincoln, Cambridge and Huntingdon, and 'Hhfr iJU tand bounded as in the faid aft is particularly men-'fibrted ifyd'dtffribed; and that be the faid early was to have for his ^f&iihphktftlnkty fiyi thcufhnd acres of the grounds within the faid fh/iff ibiW ^convenient highways and pajfages to the fame; and theft m&H bf Bedford, fin dnd heir of the fata earl FVancif, bis adventurers and participanthad proceeded in 'the^lMpkllbg rfind finifbing of the Jaid works \ but that the Jams could not be preferved without tmjlant carey great charge^ and order- . i y ^gbv&krhetit'i it was therefore amongjl other things, exalted. That >• h ^^' l/lSlHVilliatn earl of Bedford, and the adventurers and parti- ■	*

ilpdttts tf\be faid earl Frarlcis and earl William or either ofthem% " ' 'iMr'ictei dndafftgnSy in fuch manner as in the faid aft is contain-^Vd,\JKotld le a body politick and corporate, in deed and name, and have ffiit&ffien'flr ever, by the name of The governor, -bailiffs and ic^rrp\cWahy of the company of confervators of the great level ^OP'tb^ferU*; with power to lay taxes upon the faid ninety five they-jJ^fitfacTrs inly (twelve thou fund acres zvbereof had been defigmd and intended ftif' mi late majefty King Charles the Firjl, and bad ban *fit forth ahd allotted by bounds in feveralty) for the fuptort, main-'^iihahce'ahd prefervation of the faid great level, and to levy the fan\e ^iottb'fieddhiei for non-payment f and to do all other things,in order to juppoVtJrpmntrnance and prefervation of the faidgreat level and . fievth ititxdt, find to fe 'made, in fuch manner as in the faid all is* fyMtwdtif: findivhereas fo another all made in the twentieth year of »0Car. t. fc.i. relpfififi Charfes the Second, Intituled\ An a<£t for the

 CjOO^l0

|fi*	• AmoHiccfifTK>tldrioGEORG ii‘ lire. $.

4 taxing and aflefljng of the hods* of the advenuirfers; ytithin tbo great jeVel-ef the fen£, it was emfted, That eighty thteethmcfand qtrts>‘ parcel of the firid nfaety five tbctcfand acres,fhonUfrcm- time to time be taxed and affejfodhy gradual act* fa#, of dijftrail fart\ and values oflewis-, and that tbefaidtwelve thoufand, atres, refoduo . of the faid ninety five thtufand acres, /bould be rated at a 'medium of the whole tax,to be from time'to time ajjtjfod upon ' tyfifa	thoufand	acres: and	to the that- tie three

thoafemd acres might be more equally taxed hy a gradual tax, certain perfons	in the feme aft named,	andvahters

of the fetid eighty three thousand acres ; arid were within the time united by the fetid aft, to digtfa the faid eighty three thousand tires into, <x number, of forts and degrees, not- under the number of and degrees, and to rate and tan degrees, and digefi the foot into fcbedules in writing, and truth returns thereof, upon their oaths, in-bfibe fen,office, in futh manner as by the faid all is preforibed: and ■whereas bp valuations made by the federal persons appointed bp the faid aft of. the. twentieth tf King vharles the Second mi dnfy_r+ .r -;v tumid into the office of the faid corporation in London, dbeiffd eighty three thousand acres were fot out and digejledinto thueudtf* ferent forts and degrees of land, and the fevered furns to he rated and affiffed upon each of the faid forty and	as.tbeic rejpeftive

proportions of the taxes to be paid to the faid corporation, werefiy the faid valuations fettled and limited -, and -the faid eighty chret thousand acres have always fmesbeen taxed by a graduaUure-tex, oc* fording to the degrees and proportions feet out and, allotted, oud thf faid twelve thousand acres al a medium of,fueh tax j nfaigk tOXMpr pn the feud, eighty three thousand acres, together with the . product of a proportionable tax upon thefaid twelve thtufand scres^amoufitmgjo the fmeffivt thoufmd.anffifty one pounds fovea failings and tpsp 1	fence	••	and	whereas	by	another	aft made in tht fmutyjeventb yedref

%-jZtMX.iy.'thrreign-of his'preJent Majesty, intituled, Alt ait for tfcfehargjqg fcbe corporation of the governor, bailiffs andcommooalty, of thf ■*	company ofeonferva tors of the great level of the fens,coixuaJOTk

ly called Bedford Level, fVom a debt dpe to theddko of Bedford and carl of Lincoln-, aud for enabling the praprietofsqf in the north level, part of the faid great level,, ip raise mopty to difeharge the proportion of the faid north level in the deb$ of the faia corporation; a»d for afeertainipg and appropriatwig the taxes to .be laid on the faid .north:Jevef; and fof.lhe nwtf effectual draining and preferving. the faid north .kveF,. and div^p lands adjqining thereto, in the ipanprof	notice

(amongfi other things) that at aceur? of the faid, corporation,. hdd the tenth day of. March one thoufand'-fox hundred'andmisery firm, the faid corporation declared that the faid. great level faotild bedtfr tlnguijhed by the fevtralnames of the North Level, Middle Level arid South Level; and alfo taking notice that the. fidd.corporafofa, in order to'fnpport and	prtforv works draiping-thf

, . faid great level, bad been obliged to borrow money, end centraft, debts, amounting in the whole,to the fum nine tbtufoud oue hftn-■drei ana fifty three pounds eleven fillings and

•-	'	cmongjl

 

• Am\o ficdWio riSh<H3EOR<5n Ho c. 9.

dtrtorttf'itbfrlMhpj mMi, Tbdt ihe faid gwtftmr,	,

SDMmMdrttfvf the' (omfany of confervators of the find grteJ%vrt$f tb* feus, dhd Heir jucceffbrs, and all and retry the lands; text's, fifth and revenues, of toe fend corporation, faouldbe abfolutely difa chargtd from the fum if eighteen thousand nine hundred and thirteen pounds’ eleven Jbllfsngs and nine pence, (part of the faid debt of forty nine thousand one hundred and fifty-three pounds eleven jbiftingt and nine pettce) due and owing to the mod noble John duke of Bedford, and the right honourable Henry earl of Lincoln, who are the owners of the gfeatefi fart of the lands lying within the faid north level; and that 'tat font'of one thousand eight hundred bounds, to be raifedfrom thr taxable tends; lying within the faid north level, in the manner by the faid ail directed, Jbould, when raifed, be applied in difcharge of theproforthn of the faid north level of and in the refiiue of the faid debt of'forty.time thousand one hundred fifty three pounds eleven fail-lings and nine pence: and it was by the faid tell mentioned aCl elfo fort kef e netted and declared, That the taxes chargeable by virtue of the faid alts of the fifteenth and twentieth years of King Charles the Sbtendi Upon He taxable lands within the faid north level, Jbould he ulwap thereafter, fixed and fettled upon fo much thereof as JhaH he fan of the faid eighty three thousand acres, at a tax and a quarter, dUaon fo much thereof as Jhall be part of the faid twelve thou-fond acres, in proportion thereto, according to the faid afl of the twentieth of King Charles ihe Second, and Jbould not be lejfcnti Of mertafed under any pretence whatever; and that all the money Which Jbould arife or be produced by the faid taxes, within the faid north level; and all other the rents and revenues arifing and payable tp the faid corporation by, from or out of the faid north level, or any part thereof, Jbould from thenceforth be applied and difpefed of by the faid governors bailiffs and conimonalty, and their fituejfers, in and about the faveral banks and works of the faid noith level, in the fqii£fi8 pa+ticiflarly mentioned, and to and for no other ptirpofe robot* jb'tvir f and that the faid north level, and all and fingtfiar the lipids, fosemtnfs, rents, taxes and revenues thereof, Jbould be freed,

'exonerated and iifebarged, of dnd from the refidue of the find debt dpiforty nine thousand one hundred and fifty three poubds eleven /bite .foigs'findnine pence, and all interest payable for and in refpeCt there* ef.\ and that the faid north level, or the tends, tenements, rents, jvitennef and taxes thereof, or of any part thereof, Jbould not be fob-jcCtbr Gable to the payment of any debt, or fkm or fums of money, which [Jbould at any time thereafter be contracted, taken up or borrowed by the faid corporation, for or on account of the faid middle or Jbtuh levels or either of them; and alfo that ihe faid middle and fouth levels or either of them, or the tends, tenements, rents, revenues and tdxes of them or either pf them, famild not be JubjeCt or liable to the paynienl of any debt, or fum or fums of money whatfcover, which Jbould At any time thereafter be contracted, taken up or borrowed by the faid corporation, on account of the faid north level: aud wherfas the fold Jum of one thousand eight hundred pounds, has been raifed and applied in purfuance of the faid aCl of the twenty ftventhyear of bis

prefent Majejly'i reign; and the faid corporation hove alfo since ihe *% - " . — ^ _

making



a*4



A fingta tip

to be laid upon the, muidie and South j4 Level*, due- *t in g'the continuance of any debt thereon.

vicclmionpooGeorqii II. c.$.	[175&

making of iU faid lajl mentionedpaid off tkt Jam of <m* thaw-fund pou?idS'9Jnfurther part of the faid debt. effort? mnztboufaxd one hundred and fifty three pounds eleven (hillings and: nine ponce, ever and befides the Jaid fum of one thousand eight,hundred epoubds, raifed and applied as aforlfaid\ whereby the debt afifbe fiAiotrpora-tiers is rednfed to the sum of twenty feven thousand four ’hundred and forty pourids: and whereas the fold debt of twenty fevtos thousand four hundred and forty pounds is fecund by bonds, \wtder the feal of the fad corporation^ who have thereby bound and obliged themfelves to pay the several fums mentioned in the faiirefpe&fvc bonds; and inafmuch as the faid fum of twenty feyett. tkoufdtuLfour hundred and forty pounds js, by the Jcud afl of the iwdatyifeOentb year of his present Majefiy, become a charge upon the faid+ rmdUrand fouth levels only, it is become necessary to exchange the. bonds \ for fe-curing the faid debt, and to mention /ji the new bonds, to be given far that purpose, that the money fo to be Jecured, is due front tbi find

Stddle and fouth levels only: and whereas doubts have arif^anangfi e creditors af the faid corporation^ concerning the fftwtiiies itbey now have for their refpeflive debts, by reafon that the fud corporation have it in their power, under the before mentioned ads of tie fifteenth and 'twentieth of King Charles the Second, either to tax /tub parts of the faid ninety Jive thousand acres as lie within the faid middle and fouth levels, with very J,mall taxes, or not to tax the fame at all, whereby the fund for the payment of the debts due to 'tbe faii creditors, may become deficient: and whereas the faid Corporation may have ouaficn to borrow further fums of money, for the fupport and preferyation of the faid great level5 and it will be necejjarp to dif-(inguijh in all future bonds to be entered into by the faid Corporators, whether the money borrowed upon fuch bonds, be for or on ncccuxtt of the faid middle and fouth levels, or for fir on account if tfy . find north level: \6 the end therefore that a fufficient fund may be: at all times hereafter railed and fecured for payment of,tfaCiJbb'&ds of the faid corporation; and that the bonds given by, the Jaid corporation for tjie faid fum of twenty feven U^pland foiir hundred, arid forty pounds, may be exchanged as aforefwdr.and that the faid corporation may be enabled to borrow fuchfurther -fums, as shall be necessary for the fupport and prefervatiop of the faid great level; and that.diftinft bonds may be given for the ) money which shall be fo borrowed upon account of the faid middle and fouth levels, and upon accountof the faid north level; be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majedy,,byjusd with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament affembfod, aad by the authority of the fame. That during fuch time as any debtor fuip of money shall be due and owing from or upon account of the faid middle and fouth levels, all fuch parts of the faid eighr ty three thousand acres, as lie within the faid levelsjOr^itWof them, shall yearjy and every year be, tand the	hereby

rated, taxed, charged and affeffed, by and with.a fotgle gradual acre-tax; and fuch parts of the faid twelve thoufand. pefes.as lie; wit^ip. the laid middle or fouth	wUh. a medium of

. '	6	.	fuch

 CjOOQle

175&] Anno Icdfttt© *i6ito<3eorgii	f>£

fudr fiugfe gwidual acre-tax*' according to theAid' adt'Of'HWT x twentieth^ fOitt£ Charles Hie* Secohd, and devaluations ifritde' purfaanKorhereof.	5	^

.ilv Frovided^lways, That it fhaHbe lawful for the goVfcr^porporation noiv jbauK^ and confervtftdrs, of the faid corporation,'1 timfeeo time* tome, tax* charge or aflefe, all fuch parts of the taxfif ncccf-faid eighty thiw thou&nd acres, and twelve thousand acres, as fary. lie vrithhi ihe fald middle or fbuth levels, With any farther tar»Whiitb they the^faid governor,bailiffs and confervators (hail judge neceflary,m the feme taafhner as they might have done before the making of this adt.

HI. And be it farther enabled, That in lieu of the bonds	*?

heretofore given by the faid corporation, for feenring the pay- ifofjjfdij* ment of ihefaid debt of twenty feven thousand four hundred bonds for the* and'forty pounds, to the faid governor, bailiffs and conferva- prefentdebt. tbrs, or any'five or more of them, whereof the faid governed or	of them, to be two, shall give other bonds ,

under the common feal of the faid corporation, for the refpebt-ivefumedue to the person or persons poflefled of fuch bonds, mentioning in the bonds fo to be given, that the money fecured thereby, is due and owing upon account of the faid middle and fbOth levels * and all and Angular the rents, taxes and revenues* ofaheiaidmiddle and fouth levels, shall be, and they are here-by declared to be, a fecurity for, and shall be charged and cbaigeable With the payment of the fums mentioned in fuch * bonds, and all interest due, and to become due thereupon,

IW And to the end, that the faid corporation may be at all corporation timcs cMbled to raise fuch fums of money as (hail be neceflfary impowered to for tbe fupport and prefervation!of the faid great level* and for borrow for dbfrayin^ the Other neceflary expences attending the fame; be if ufc °f farther enabled* That it shall be lawful for the faid governor, jjj| °ncJ e*T bafliffsiand^ebnfemtors, or any feven or more of them, where- deeding 5000L ofi tfae ^Arfd^vemof or bailiffs, or any of them* to be two, with the Confent -of the duke of Bedford, his heirs or affigns, lobd or lords, lady or ladies, of the manor of Tborney9 znd of the earl df Lfttilh, his heirs or affigns, owner or owners of High from time fo time to borrow upon bonds* under the common feal of the faid corporation, fuch fum or . fuins of money* as they the faid governor, bailiffs and confervators, or ahy feven or more of them* as aforefaid, fhalf judge ' nebeffary, for :the Ufe of the faid north level, not exceeding in thdwfrote thfcf fain of five thousand {founds ; declaring in fuch bandv that the money fecured thereby, is due and owing upon accouW'Ofr the faM north level; dna alfo any Aim or fums ofa«d any fum money, which they the faid governor, bailiffs and confervators* thepuddm or any febert or more of them, as aforefaid, shall judge neceflary,^‘levels^ as for the'life^ of the faid middle and fouth levels, or either of the whdle debt theni*fo ashy* the borrowing of*foch fum or fums. the debt of do not exceed thddaid corporationupon account of the1 faid middle and fouth **>°°°1* le vets pbe nit-fitarly time made tOexcfeed in the whole, the feitft	-	>	?

of thiifyohoihoufiihd pourids ^declaring fa thebonld$>to be given





Anrto Vtccfiino noAcr 8«aK0ti II. Ctpl [1756.

far (ischium or fihnxi that *feemd*iey feeured thereby Is due and owing apcm twcountof tbe‘<ju#tHiddleaftd fattb Icrfls : and the refpe&lve rents, taxes and revenues of the Card qorth ferd, ': ■ ■'and of At feid taiddfe- aMl fduth levels, (haU bd; ahifthey-ara hereby made a feeurity for replay mentof the fotiaifortibexftivxly to be harrowed, «hh le^orw&iMeiTft^'thedmye,arfhall be agreed uponbetween flhe^id eiy^mtiqai^attdtbfe ^erfcrt or Moneybor periods tendingfiichmortey; -batnotriddeytd'bfe'bbtrtMfceddp* rowed for the on account of the hid north -lard‘fhsll be chargedof4 cfthrgyaWc north level, upon any of the rents, taxes or revenues oftbe CaidWtMJeand »«»** __ fouth levels, or either of them; nor (haflany morteyto -be rtJ^Siddte borrowed' on sotburit of fhe’fiftd middle and- iboth'we^ ^e and iouth charged or chargeable upon any; of the rents, ‘tastes oh refeoati levels $a*d of this laid north Jewel, or arty part thereof. > '[l *

V.	Provided always. aodbe it ena&ed, Thftt aU hortdstt be numbered- ^ere:*^er ghrte by the Aid corporation fttall be rwmbcredv'be-and'none to gionidg with number Onei and fo proceeding marithnutfcai pro-be for more greffion; and chat ho bood’fhaH be given forany greater ojrteft than tool. fiam thaa one hundred pounds.

Tobetranf- VI. And be st further enadfed, That aH bonds to be ghm ferraWe with- by the find corporation shall be t ran sferr able or affign able Byia-out (lamps, doriemeat upon the original bond, without Jbtnps, tbtnyrper-Affigmnenta foo orperions'whomsoever; and fuch transfer or affignmerit to be entered being1 produced to the regifter of the fold corporation,- and by bytheregifter.Um emettodina book to "be keptforthat ptupofe; (Wfa^h'entty the faid eegHtek* is hereby repaired to mate upon rtdueft, the .. jferfim-producing fuch transfer »r alignment -pbyfrtgwije ftiiri of ,., :	two fttihings and fix pence-far every fuch entry) ftiaH intStldthe

perfon or persons to Whom 'fach tranrfer or bmgotnetft fbaft be made, his,- heroraheir execmors. admHwftmorsor affigitsi'ro themmey feouredby Yireh bond, andalI iwcteftdtfebr tbgitrtv .1 ... thwebponrend flich afignee orafligoees mxyln Hke manner, by rodotfanent without rftawp, aflign and transfer /bfchHbohd or bonds fb-affigned as afordaid ;'and fo toties fmticr, as oevafion find require; every inch affigomem being entered iti fuch "book as aibnefaid. '■	••	■	‘	1	1

Money raifed	VII. And be it farther ena^ed, That all ami lingular ttre

by the corpo- tents, taxes and-fume of money to be received, ndfed or levied ration upon by theYaidcorporation, from, 'Upbnr'orupda accoantoffoch the taxable part of the fald ninety ftve'Choufend acres as lie withln/the hud re(brtHvethe nortk levd, find I'be charged and chargeable, inithe'firft plade, levels how to with the payment of fu«v fixm >of money, as fhxllitany tin* be applied, hereafter be borrowed by the (faid corporation upon account r	of the faid north level, and the ihtereft of filth fuotfeany thing

' in the faid adt of the twenty feventli yCrr of hts prefcnt Majt-fly’s reign to the contrary thereof in any wife ik>twitbftandfng: and that allandiin^uJarthi rents, taxes and'fiimsof money id be received, raifed or levied by she "faid corporation, frotn, upon or upon account of ftxrh paft of the faid ninety five thousand acres as lie within the (aid middle and fouth levels, oreithef of them, shall he charged and chargeable, to the firft place, with



Anno vJcefimo nokt> Gborgi* Itr cvgu’	$6f

the payment of the aforcfaid debt of twenty feven thousand four hundred and forty pounds-, and of iuch other fums of money as (ball be borrowed upon account of theiaid middle and iouth levels, and of the intercftof fucli debt, and fums of money ; and the receiver of the faid corporation is hereby im-powered and required, out of the firft money which lhali from time to time come to his hands, arifing from the rents, taxes and revehues-of the faid north level* to pay the int^reft of fuch bonds as shall be entered into upoti account of the faid borth level, andalfq the principal money due upon fuch bonds, upon Bonds t° be fix months notice left for that purpofc at the office of ,the faid ^ jtioath*011 corporation in Londtoi) by the person or persons poflefled of fuch notice, bonds ; and the faid receiver is alfo hereby impowered and required, out of the firft money which shall from time to time come to his haftds, arifing from the tents, taxes and revenues of the faid middle and fouth levels, to pay the interest of fuch bonds as shall be entered into upon account of the faid middle a rid' iouth levels, and alio the principal money due upon fach bonds, upon like notice left at the office of the faid corporation*

VIII.	Provided always, and it ishereby enabled and declared* If not paid,re-

That in cafe any of the bonds to be given by the faid corpora- venues of the tion, upon account of the faid north level, or upon account of corporation to the iaid middle and fouth levels, shall not be paid by the faid	of

receiver, purfuant to fuch notice left or given as aforefaid, then the bonds, the rents, taxes and revenues of the faid north level, arrd of

the faid middle and fouth levels, shall refpeeftively veft in the person or persons pofiefled of fuch bonds, until the fame, together with all interest due thereupon, lhali be fully fatisfied and paid: and fuch person or persons, their executors, adminiftra-tors or afligns, shall have the fame power, rights and privileges, of recovering the faid rents, taxes and revenues of the faid north level, and of the faid middle and fouth levels refpedively, as the faid corporation would have had, in cafe fuch bonds had been regularly and fully fatisfied and paid.

IX.	And be it further enabled, That a diftind account (hall, Dittinft ao from time to time, be kept of the rents, taxes, revenues and counts to be fums of money, arifmg and payable to the faid corporation with- ^ t]

in the faid north level, and of all monies which shall be-applied th^r" fpcctive and difpofed of for the ufe or upon account of the faid north level*, levcd, or any part thereof; and that a like account shall from time to time be kept of the rents, taxes, revenues and fums of money, arifing and payable to the faid corporation within the laid middle and fouth levels, and of all monies which lhali be applied and difpofed of for the ufe or upon account of theiaid middle and fouth levels, or either of them.

X.	And be it further enabled arid declared, That this aft shall Publick adt. be deemed and allowed, in oil courts within this kingdom, to be a publick act; and lhali be judicially taken notice or ug iuch, by all judges, jufti^2 and other persons, without fpccially pleading the famcv	;1:

. '.	"*	'	-	•	","4	1cak



Anno vicefirao nono Georgix II. c. id; f 1756.

CAP, X.

An off for the better afcertaimng, recovering and coUeBing

*	certain duties payable upon the importation and exportation

*	ttf	merchandizes	into or out of the harbour of

the town and county of Poole y and alfo of bdltaft and bcomage duties, payable in fefpell of fhips and veffels com-ing into and going out of the faid harbour; and for the enlarging,	repairing and keeping in repair the faid

harbour,	/£* quays and wharfs; for providing a

proper place for keeping gunpowder in or near the faid town ; and for eftablijhing and regulating a nightly watch 5 and enlightening the ftreets in the faid town>

WHEREAS the mayor, bailiffs, burgeffes and commonalty of the town and county of the town of Poole have, time out if mind, .received and been ihtitled to receive certain duties called petty cujioms or wharfage, upon the importation and exportation of all goods and merchandizes into and out of the harbour of Poole aforejati, from the owner, importer dr exporter of fuch goods and merchandizes, and alfo certain other duties called boomage and ballajl duty, from the wafers or commanders of fhips and veffels; which faid fevered duties have been confantly under the management of the mayor, bailiffs and burgeffes of the faid town and county of the town of Poole, as trujiees and managers; and the faid duties have been applied for the repairing the faid harbour, quays and wharfs, and other works n*~ , ceffary for the more convenient ufe of the fame, within the faid town and county: and whereas feveralperfons have refufed to pay the faid duties, induced thereto by the great difficulties in fupporting, by JlriH legal evidence, preferiptive claims and rights to dutiesxon each partis cular fpeties of goods, and the exalt and precife fums payable for the fame: and although the faid mayor, bailiffs, burgeffes and commonalty have brought fever al aflions, in order to efablijb fuch their ancient rights; yet, by means of the expenses in carrying on fuch fusts, and the many continued evaftons and refufals of payment, the money raifed by fuch duties is not fifficierlt to repair the faid harbour, quays and wharfs, which are now in a ruinous condition, and will be mtirety defrayed, if not timely prevented: for remedy whereof, be it coasted, &c.	t

There shall be paid to the mayor, See. the rater and duties mentioned in the fchedule, and no others. Mayor, See. to appoint and remove officer!, allow falaries to, and take fecurities from foch officers. Quay matter, &c. to keep accounts. Rates and duties to be levied by diftrefsl Maften, &c. of (hips not delivering in an account of their loadings, to forfeit ioL Goods that have paid the duty on importation, not chargeable on expor* tation. Quay-matters may appoint the moorings, See. of (hips. Matters,

See. of (hips not obferving his directions, to forfeit 40 s. The money to be applied to the cleaning and enlarging the harbour, wharfs. Sec. redone chargeable to the repairs of wharfs, to continue fe. Mayor, See. may par* chafe lands for enlarging the wharft. Where persons are incapable, or refufe to treat for laie of lands, the damage and recompense to be afTefied by a jury. Lands purchafed, to be dftmfd ppttick quays or wharfs.

M»yor.



irf$6.J	”°Anffo rtorio	M. rt.‘	fb»

Mayor, &c. may borrow money on* the credit of the tolls. Alignment! may be transferred. Goods landed shall be removed from the quays, &c. in J days, on penalty of lad. per ton j and the fame penalty for every 4.Z houcs afterward. Perfons emptying ballad, See. into the harbour* liable to filch penalties as persons convicted for publick nufances‘.' Mayor 2n<1 t'l^vn) <-o: 11 Ml: i: 1 .»ners to be chofen yearly by the inhabitants. On death or removal of commiflioners, others to be chofen. In cafe the inhabitants neglect to appoint commiflioners, the mayor and bailiffs are to put the a<5t anion ; and or» their refufal, a majority of the inhabitants. Com-miflioners to appoint ..watch men, who shall execute orders of the com-

Siflioners', under penalty ofios. Commiflioners to appoint number ana ft of lamps'; and regulate the watchmen; and the manner of keeping and lighting the lamps. Orders relating to the watch to be delivered to the water bailiff and afliftant conftables, who shall keep watch and ward by turns, endeavour to prevent mifehiefs by fire, apprehend diforderly petfons, and take notice if the watchmen do their duties. Mayor and one jultice may remove watchmen. Watchmen to apprehend diforderly perfonr. Commiflioners to appoint aflfeflbrs, who are to aflefs owners and occupiers of houfes, See. which shall be allowed by two juftices, and collected quarterly or half-yearly. Afleflments may be levied by diftrefs and fale. Security to be taken of colle&ors; and falaries to be allowed to them. Differences to be determined by the mayor and juftices If perform liable to pay any fate shall remove, it may be levied, or recovered by action. No fettle men t shall be gained by payment of the rates. If persons neglect to account, and pay the money remaining in their hands, it may be levied by diftrefs ; and, lor want of diftrefs the person to be committed. If any money shall be loft; an additional alfeffment shall be made. Property of lamps vefted in the mayor, &c. The aflefsments to be applied for watching and lighting the town, and building a magazine for gunpowder. 5]. Penalty on persons breaking lamps. Pertons may lodge gunpowder in the magazine paying fix pence a hundred weight. No more than 10 lb. of gunpowder to be kept in any houfe, &c. or aboard a (hip. Juftices may ifTue warrants to learch for gunpowder, and feize and fell the fame. Exception for gunpowder belonging to his Majefty. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feifions. Inhabitants of Poole allowed to be evidences.

*Tbe Schedule referred to, viz. For harbour duties, quayage or wharf-age, boomage and ballaji duties, chargeable on goods, and to be payable by the mafier of every Jhip coming into, loading or unload-ing any in Poole harbour.

filliped 6r tm(hipped within the limits bf tsh#

t Crowded tkotvit tfuH be lawful to import or export goods* into or from my; rart of the channel leading to Wareham, to the weftward of the fouthj-weff buoy off the bulwarks of Hamkey, and near the entrance of the little tmniYetleading' td the town of Poole, free'fhsm the (aid duty 5 neither (ball any duty be paid for bringing goods in boats without decks from Wareham, or any part of the channel to the weft of the (outhweft buoy* or anyjart of the me of Potbeek within North Haven.Point, to Poole,. Of fromPookto AVareliam, &c.	.	t	,

BOOMAGE.

Fbr boomage the following duties shall be paid, except for fuch veffek as are employed in fhhingand dredging, viz. /» '■	•	! :

Every decked veil'd of the burthen of n tons, or UrtdCf* 6d. Of *4 tons, or above 10 tons, 1 s. Of 30 tons, or above to tons, at. Of46 tuny* or above \o tons, 3 s. Of $0 tons, or above 40 tons, 41. Of 60 tofts, or above 50 tons, 5 s. Of 100 tons, or above 60 tons, 6 s. Of a burthen bove 100 tons, 7 s.	’

B A L L AST.	*;	“	!

For ballaft the following duties, viz. For every ton of 'hajloft* Ihippei •r unihipped, 6'd.

VOL. XXI.	B	b	It



. Anno viccftmo nono Georoii II. C. ii.	756.

It (ball be lawful to (hip or unfhip ballad in any part of the channel leading to Wareham, to the weftwaru of the foutbweft buoy, or any part of the iile of Porbeck, within North Haven Point, duty free i any (hip throwing out ballad at any quay within the mouth of the tittle channel within ’ Poole Stakes, leading to the (aid town of Poole, in order to careen, diati only pay 6d. per ton ; and no duty shall be paid for refhipping the fame* Tobacco pipeclay shall be free.

C A P. XI.

An alt far the better fupply of mariners and feamen to ferv* in bis Majcftfs Jbips of war, and onboard merchant ftnps and other trading Jbips and veffels.

FOR the better fupply of mariners and feamen to fenrfc in his Majesty’s (hips or war, and on board merchant (hips and other trading (hips and veffels; be it enaded by the. King’s mod excellent maiefty, by and with the advice arid confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this present Merchant parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That

nafigTted by “om anc* a^ter Pa^ng °f a&> until twenty fifth day foreign fea- of March one thousand feven hundred and fifty feven, and no men,	longer	(except	in	refped	to	fuch merchant (hips and other trad-

ing (hips or veffels which shall be on their voyage before the faid twenty fifth day of March one thousand feven hundred and fifty (even, who shall be and are hereby allowed the liberty and benefit of returning home navigated in the manner as hereinafter is provided) it lhall and may be lawful for any merchant (hip or other trading (hip or Yeffel to be navigated by foreign feamen or mariners, not beirig natives of Great Britain^ or of anv of the colonies or plantations thereto belonging, or his Majesty’s na-fo at they ex- tural or naturalized fubjeds j fo as the number of fuch foreign cced not three feamen or mariners do not exceed three fourths of the mariners fourths of the at any one time employed to navigate fuch merchant (hip or other onTfomth bV tra^n8 flup or veflel $ and that one fourth at leaft of the man-natives, kc. ncrs or fcatnen fo employed be at all times natives, or his Maje-notwithftand- Ay’s naturalized fubjeds of Great Britain, (fudden death, and ing ix Car. x. hazard and cafualties of war and the feas, laved and excepted) c*one ad of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King Charles the Second, intituled. An alt for the encouraging and ertcreafwg flipping and navigation, or any other ftatute or law to the contrary notwithftanding.

The King’s II. Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained shall proclamation extend to take away or reftrain the effed of any fuch royal pro;

c^amat*on as Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, are impower-^ram e- ^ tQ majcc j^y virtue of an ad pafled in the thirteenth year of ijb. a. c.3. his Majesty’s reign, intituled. An alt for the better fupply of **-riners and feamen to ferve in his Majejtyr flips of war, and on board merchant flips and other trading Jbips and privateers.

CAP.

)

*75^ Annd vicefnno nono GfioROn II. c. 12*’	371

CAP* XII.

An afi for granting to bis Majesty 4 duty upon licencesfor re* tailing beer, ale, and otter extifeable liquors; and for cjlablijbing a method for granting fuch licences in Scotland; and for allowing fuck licences to be granted at a petty fef-Jion in England, in a certain cafe therein mentioned•

Moil gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an aft made in the ninth year of the reign 9 Ann, c, tJj of £>ueen Anne, intituled, An a6l for licenfing and regulating hackney coaches and chairs, and for charging certain new duties on ftatnpt vellum, parchment and paper, and on cards jand dice, and on the exportation of rock fait for Ireland; and For fecuring thereby, and by a weekly payment out of the poft office, and by several duties on hides and ficins, a yearly fund of one hundred and eighty fix thousand fix hundred and feventy

{rounds, for thirty two years, to be applied to the fatisfe&ion oif uch orders as are therein mentioned, to the contributors of any funis not exceeding two millions, to be raifed for carrying on. the war, and other her Majesty’s occafions, it was amongjl other, things enafled, Thrt there Jhould be raifed, levied, collected and paid unto, and for the lifex of her Majejly, her heirs and fucceffors, for the several and refpeflive things in the faid aft mentioned, winch Jhould be ingroffed, printed or written, the several and refpeflive rates, duties, charges and films of money, in the faid aft expreffed; and that for every piece of vellum or parchment, or Jbeet or piece of paper, upon which (within or during the term of thirty two years, to be reckoned from the thirty firji day of Auguft m tht year one thou* fand Jeven hundred and eleven) Jhould be ingroffed or written any licence for felling of ale, beer, or other excifeableliquors, by retail, the fum or duty of one Jhilling Jbould be raifed, levied, colie fled and paid, unto and for the ufeof her Majejly, her heirs and fuccejfors, in fucb yianner as in the faid aft is expreffed \ which duty was, amongjl^ Gc0t c. other rates and duties, by an aft of the third year of the reign of his* late majejly King George the FirJl, made perpetual, and made part of the fund, commonly called The general fund : and whereas by a clavft of an afi made in the fixtb year of the reign of his faid late tnaje/ly King George the FirJl, intituled. An a61 for preventing^Geo t> Ct 4f# frauds and abuG?$ in the publick revenues of excife, cuftoms,

(lamp duties, poft office, and houfe money, it is, amongjl other things* enafled, 'That dll mayors, town clerks, and other persons whom it may concern, who Jbatl take any recognizances from persons for whom licences are intended for felling ale, and other excifcable liquors,

Jball be obliged to tnake, or caufe to be made out, ale licences, duly Jlampt, before fuch recognizances be taken, under the penalty of ten pounds for every fuch offence: and whereas by an aft made in the ftx-teenth year of the reign of his prfent Majejly, intituled. An a6t for 16 Geo. a, c.t* . repealing certain duties on fpirituous liquors or ftrong waters, and on licences for retailing the fame; and for laying other duties on fpijituous liquors, and on licences to retail the faid li-

B b 2

quors i

f

372	Anno	vicelimo rtono Georgii II. C. 12.	[*756.

quors; all persons are forbid, finder tie penalties by the /aid ad in-fiided* to retail certain fpirituous liquors therein enumerated* without firfi taking out a yearly licence for that putpofe* in manner in the faid aft direfted* for which licence the sum of twenty /billings yearly is thereby directed to be paid i and it is atfo thereby enacted* That no fuch licence /ball be granted for felling by retail any fpiriluour liquors or ftrong waters whatfoever* except to fitch ptrfons only who Jhall keep taverns* vidualling-boufes* inns* ebffee-houfes or ale-houfcs: and it is thereby provided and declared* That nothing in the faid act /ball extend* or be conftrued to enable any person or persons to Jell any fpirituous liquors or firong waters by retail, unlefs fuch person or per-fons be firfi licenced to fell ale or fpirituous liquors by two or more of his Majefifs jufiiasof the peace for the county* riding, divifion* city or liberty * wherein fuch person or persons Jhall fell the faid liquors, under the hands and feals of the faid jufiices: and whereas by an aCt *4Geo.i.c.40. ma^e m twcnty fourth year of his present Majefifs reign* inti-* tulcd, An a£t for granting to his Majesty an additional duty Upon fpirituous liquors, and upon licences for retailing the fame and for repealing the ad of the twentieth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act for granting a duty to bis Maje-fly to be paid by difiillers* upon licences to be taken out by them for retailing fpirituous liquors; and for the more effe&ual reftraining the retailing of diftilled fpirituous liquors; and for allowing a drawback upon the exportation of Briti/b made fpirits•* and that the parish of Saint Mary le Bon* in the county of Middlesex* shall be under the infpedtion of the head office of excife ; an additional duty of twenty Jhillings per annum is direded to be paid for every licence taken out for retailing fpirituous liquors* to be paid down in like manner* and at the fame time* and to be levied by the fame means* and under the like penalties* as the duty upon licences to . be granted by virtue of the faid ad made in the fixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty is direded to be raifed* levied* collided **Gto.». c.7. and' paid: and whereas by an ad made in this Jeffion of parliament* the interefi of fifteen hundred thousand pounds, part of the sum of two millions advanced on the credit of the faid ad* after the rate If three pounds ten /billings per annum, and the interefi of five hundred tboujand pounds* ryfidue of the faid fum of two millions, after the rate of three pounds per annum, are charged upon the fund commonly called The finking fund : we your Majesty’s inoft duri-*'	:	:	ful	and	loyal	i’ubjeds, the commons of Great Britain in parlia-

ment atfeuibied, towards making good the faid interest of the faid fum of two millions charged on the faid fund, have refolved to give and grant unto your Majesty a duty of twenty (hillings for every piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of paper, on which shall be ingroffed, written or printed, any licence from juftices of the peace for felling ale, beer, or other excifeable liquors by retail in Great Britain* over and above all other duties chargeable thereupon; and do therefore mod humbly befeech your Majesty, that it may be enabled j and be it enaft-*d by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice ant) confent of the lords fpirituaj and temporal and commons

ia

 L^ooQle

175^-j Anno vicesimo  nono Georgii II. c. 12.	373

in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after thd feaft of Eafter one thousand (even hundred and fifty fix, there shall be, throughout the king- Additional domof Great Britain* raifed, levied, colte&ed and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors for the purpofe aforefaid, a firenceriorVe-dutv of twenty (hillings for evay piece of vellum or parchment, tailing beer, or meet or piece of paper, on which shall be ingrofled, written and other ex. or printed, any fuch licence for felling ale or beer, or other ex- cilcablc li-cifeable liquors by retail, over and above all other duties charge- <*uor,# able thereupon.

II.	And be it further cnadled by the authority aforefaid. Duties to be That for the better and more effectual levying, collecting and under the paying the faid duty of twenty shillings, the fame shall be under management the government, care and management of the commifiionersfionerifor”1”* for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on ftamji*; who ftampt vellum, parchment and paper; who, or the major part are to appoint of them, are hereby required and impowcred, to employ the officerM neceflary officers under them for that purpofe, and to caufe fuch a ncw ttarap* new (lamp to be provided, to denote the faid duty of twenty shillings, as shall be requifite in thatbehalf; and to do all other things neceflary to be done for putting this ad in execution with relation to the faid duty hereby granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner, as they, or the major part of them, are authorized to put in execution, any former law concerning ftampt vellum, parchment or paper.

Ilf. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforeiaid, Paper, kc. for That all vellum, parchment and paper, upon which any fuch licences to be licence shall from and after the feaft of Eafter one thousand feven brought to the hundred and fifty fix, be ingroflid, written or printed, be ftampofficC| brought to the head office for (lamping or marking vellum, parchment and paper; and the faid 'commifiioners by them-felves, or by their officers imployed under them, shall forthwith upon demand to them made, by any person or persons, from time to time, (lamp or mark any quantities or parcels of an(j duties to vellum, parchment or paper, to be ufed for the purpofe of in- be paid upoo groffing, writing or printing fuch licence, he or they paying to.ftamping, the receiver general of the (lamp duties for the time being, or. to his deputy or clerk, the duty payable for the fame by this adl, without any fee or reward; which (lamp or mark to be put thereupon in purfuance of this a<ft, shall be a fufficient dif-charge for the duty hereby payable for the faid vellum, parchment or paper, which shall be fo ftampt dr marked.

IV.	And be it further envied by the authority aforefaid, Commiflwn-That the faid commifsioners, and all other officers who shall be era and other employed in or about the collecting or managing of the faid officers to o* duty hereby granted, shall in the execution of their offices and truft, obferve and perform fuch rules, methods and orders, as tnc ry# they refpedtively (hall, from time to time, receive from the commifsioners of the treasury, or the treasurer of the exche-quer for the time being; and that no fee or reward shall be de- thc duties, (oaoded or taken by any fuch commifsioners and officers relating Officer n<>

• 1	Sb3	to



374	Anno	vicefimo	mono	Georgii II. c. «•	{1756

glcdling hi* to the faid duty, from any of his Majesty’s fubjefts, for any duty, to the natter or thing to be done in purfuance of this aft ; and in nothe?,C an*" ca^e any officer intruded in the execution of this aft, in relation fwerabie for to the faid duty, shall refufe or negleft to perform any matter or the fame, with thing by this aft required to be done or performed by him, treble cofts. whereby any of his Majesty’s fubjefts shall or may fuftain any damage whatfoever, fuch officer lo offending, shall be liable by any aft ion to be founded on this ftatute, to anfwer to the party grieved all fuch damage, with treble cofts of fuit.

V.	And it is hereby further enafted. That the duty hereby granted, shall be paid, from time to time, into the hands of the receiver general for the time being of the duties of ftampt vellum, parchment and paper, who shall keep a feparate and di-ftinft account thereof, and pay the fame (the neceflary charges of raffing, paying and accounting for the fame excepted) into the receipt of the exchequer, for the purpose in the faid aft ex-prefled, at fuch time, and in fuch manner, as any former duties on ftampt vellum, parchment and paper, are direfted to be

Duties to be paid to the receiver general of the Stamps,

by b into the exchequer*

p>mmiflioners to taice care that fufficient

uantities of

anpt

a .

&c. be buted,

>er,

ri-

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore&id. That the faid commifsioners for the time being, fhali take care that the several parts of the kingdom of Great Britain* Shall, from time to time, be fufficiently furniffied with vellum, parchment and paper, damped and marked as by this aft is direfted, to the end that the fubjefts of his Majesty, his heirs and fiiccef-fors, may haye it in their eleftion to buy the fame of the officers and perrons to be employed by the faid commtfsioners, at the ufual and mod common rates above the faid duty, or to bring their own vellum, parchment or paper to be ftampt gr marked as aforefaid.

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the price of fuch ftampt vellum, parchment and paper, fhali be yearly fet, and fuch price ftampt, and fuch allowance

" a’t 11 ma<*e uP^n present payment of the faid duty, for any quantity lowancemade t^lc vellum, parchment or paper, fo by the faid com-for prompt roifsioners to be fold, in fuch manner as by auy former law relating to ftampt vellum, parchment or paper is direfted.

. VIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid ftamp hereby direfted to be provided and ufed, shall and may be altered or renewed in fuch manger as any o-t-her ftarap on vellum, parchment or paper, are tiy any former law relating to ftampt vellum, parchment or paper, direfted to Allowance to be altered or renewed; and that all persons who ihall have in b« made there-their puftody or poflefsion, any vellum,, parchment or paper, ^n^oro1^ marked with the ftamp or mark which (hail be £0 altered or rc-^*npt pqperf new^ or on w^ich a new ftamp is hereby direfted to be im-prefled, shall have the like remedy and allowance, as by any former law relating to ftampt vellum, parchment or paper, is in like cafes direfted.

IX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, &^1CftrV That the faid commifsioners, and their officers, shall be fub-

Price of ftampt paper, &c, to be yearly let^

payment.

Stamp may be altered, or renewed.



1756-] Anno vicesimo none Georgii II. c. 12.	3^5

ie<5t to fuch penalties and forfeitures for any breach of the truft ormiftppiica-hereby in them repofed, or for diverting or mifipplying of the bon of months, money received in purfuance of this a<ft, as by any former law relating to ftampt vellum, parchment or pnper, are inflidted.

X. And whereas ale, heer% and other excifeable liquors, which cannot be fold by retail in that part of Great Britain called England,

Without licence from juftices of the peace, may be fold by retail without any licence in that part of Great Britain called Scotland: and whereas it is expedient that retailers of fuch liquors in both parts of

this kingdom, Jhould be fubjeft to the like powers and authorities \ be Perfons keep, it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and ing alehoufcs after the twenty fifth day of Oftober one thousand feven hundred	ta

and fifty fix, in every royal borough, and from and after the ** iccn c * firft day of November one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix,' in every (hire and ftewartry in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, no person shall keep any ale-houfe, tippling-houfe, or vi&ualling-houfe, or fell ale, beer, or other excifeable liquors by retail, but fuch persons only who shall be annually thereto admitted, allowed and licenfed according to the dire&ions contained in this aGu

XI.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, juftices in That the juftices of the peace in each (hire and ftewartry in that Scotland to part of Great Britain called Scotland, (haH have full power and au- mcet annually thority, and they are hereby impowered and required, annually fo aflemble and meet together, in their refpe&ive (hires and Itewartries, on the firft day of November, or on the next lawful

day thereafter, at the hour and place when and where the general quarter felfions for fuch (hire or ftewartry have ufuallv been held, the firft aflembly or meeting to be held on the firft day of November one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix; and at fuch annual meeting to admit, allow and licenfe, for year then next enfuing, fuch and fo many persons as the major bouftt* part of the juftices then aflembled, shall think meet and convenient, to keep ale-houfes, tippling-houfes, vidlualling-houfes, or to fell ale, beer, or other excifeable liquors by retail, within fuch refpe&ive (hire or ftewartry, or in the event hereafter-

Sentioned, within any royal borough or boroughs, fituated in ch (hire or ftewartry; and the laid juftices shall deliver or caufe to be delivered, to each person fo by them admitted, allowed and licenfed, a licence ingrofied, written or printed, upon a piece of vellum, parchment or paper ftampt, as by this ?<ft is dire£ted, wkh a ftamp denoting the payment of the duty of twenty /hillings, and figned by the praefes of the faid meet-}ng, and bv the clerk of the peace of the faid (hire or ftewartry 5 *bleoneacto*" for each of which licences, there shall be paid and payable tne licence, to th§ fum of one (hilling to the clerk of the peace, for his trouble and clerk of the fee, qterand above the faid fum of twenty shillings, fortheP*acc*

(lamp duty impofed by this a<ft, and no further or greater fum jfhail be demanded or paid for each licence, upon any account or pretence whatfoever.

&Uf J^ad for the more ready and convenient granting of li- Magiftntes of

B b 4	cences	royal boroughs



Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 12.'	£1756.

♦o meet year- cences to persons redding in the royal boroughs, in that part of ^urnofe16	Great Britain called Scotland, and the royalties thereof; be it

purpoie.	further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the magiftrates

of each royal borough shall yearly and every year, on the twenty fifth day of October, or the next lawful day thereafter, the firft meeting to be on the twenty fifth day of October one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix, aflemble and meet together, at the time and place when and where thiy ufually have met, for tranfafting the bufinefs of fuch royal borough; and the faid magiftrates, or any two of them at leaft, shall at fuch annual meeting, admit, allow and licenfe, for the year then next en-f fuing, fuch and fo many persons as the faid magiftrates, or two <	of them at the leaft, shall think meet and convenient, to keep

ale-houfes, tippling-houfes, viihaalling-houfes, or to fell ale, beer, or other excifeable liquors by retail, within every fuch royal borough, and the royalty thereof; and the (aid magiftrates, or two of them at the leaft, shall deliver or caufe to be delivered to each person fo by them admitted, allowed and licenfed, a licence ingrofled, written or printed, upon a piece of vellum, parchment or paper, ftampt as by this a<ft is dire&ed, with a * (lamp denoting the payment of the duty of twenty shillings, and figned by two of the faid magiftrates, and by the clerk of fuch royal borough; for each of which licences the like fee of one (hilling, over and above the faid fum of twenty shillings, and no more, shall be paid as is hereby directed to be paid For licences granted in (hires and ftewartries.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enadled. That if in any royal borough, there shall not be a fufficient number of magiftrates capable to grant licences purfuant to the qualifications and dire&ions of this a61, at any of the times when licences for

xna^iftrat^ to ale-houfes, tippling-houfes, or viflualling-houfes in the royal . boroughs, are hereby appointed to be granted, then and in fuch ju&ices°may * cafe i* and may be lawful to and for the juftices of the grant licences; peace of the faid (hire or ftewartry, in which fuch royal borough or boroughs shall be fituated, to grant licences for fuch royal borough or boroughs, at the fame time, and in the fame manner, as they are hereby impowered to do for the (hire or ftewartry; and all licences fo granted for royal boroughs by juftices of the peace of the. (hire or ftewartry^ tifidil continue in force until the next annual day for granting licence according to thisaeft, and no longer.

XIV.	And whereas persons may prefume to keep ale-boufes, tip-plitfg-houfes, or victualling-houfes, or to fell ale, beer, or other excifeable liquors, without fuch licence as is hereby required; be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That every person who after the twenty fifth day of October one thousand feven hundred and fifty in r°yal boroughs, and after the firft day of N%emher

KuKc.one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix, in (hires and ftewar-9 tries, shall keep an ale-houfe, tippling-hbufe or vidtualling-houfe, or shall fell ale, beer, or other exciTe&ble liquors by retail, without being licenfed thereunto according to the dire&ioqs

1	-	of

Where there fiaall not be a fufficient number of

to be in force for one year only.

Perfons in Scotland con-





*75^*] Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. u.	377

of this aft, arid shall be thereof convifted within one month

after fuch offence committed, on his or her confefflon, or the

oath of one credible witnefs, by any two juftices of the peace of	^

the (hire or ftewartry, or by any two rtiagiftrates in any royal f .

borough where fuch offender shall refide or be licenfed, every [he	‘

fuch offender shall forfeit and pay for the firft offence, the fum fence, 5s.

of five shillings, for the second offence the sum of ten shillings, forthefecond

and for the third offence’the sum of twenty shillings, and (hall, J08*	. \ °

after the faid third offence, be incapable of keeping an ale- cthir\>

houfe, tippling houfe, or viftualling-houfe, or of felling ale, and to be

beer, or other excifeable liquors by retail, by virtue of any licence difqualificd 5

granted before fuch conviftion, or of having any licence for fuch

purjtofe thereafter; and if any fuch offender shall continue to

eommit any of the aforefaid offences, thdri'iuch offender (hall, *"d hr'tvtry,

for every offence fubfequent to his third conviftion, forfeit and

pay the sum of forty (hillings; all which refpedHve penalties *4

and forfeitures shall and may be levied by djftrefs and fale of the

goods and chattels of every fuch bffender^jendering to him or* and

her the Overplus, after the charges of the faid diftrefs and fale *

are dedufted) by watfaftt, figned by the juftiexs or magiftrates

refpeftively who doebrtvift (uch offender; which faid penalties

fhall be paid and applied, one half thereof to the informer, and '

the other half to the poor of the pari(h inhere fuch offence shall one moiety to

be committed; and fuch conyiftion figned by the faid two juftices	J^her'to^

or magiftrates refpeftively, shall be good and FufEcientin law to the poor of the

all intents andpuiytofes ; and the faid juftices or magiftrates re- pari(h.

fpeftively, (hall, immediately after the faid conviftion is figned Conviftion to

as ifofefaid, intimate, or caufe to be intimated, the faid con-

viftion to the person convifted, and shall return or certify the and

fame, and the proceedings therein, to the clerk of the peace of ed to tfaederk

the (hire or ftewartry in which fuch juftices or magiftrates do of the peace, ;

aft, or in which the ropl borough lhall be fituated, to be by

the ftid clerk preferved amongft the records of the faid (hire or an“ rccor<kd.

ftewartry.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the au- Perfonaa^. thority aforefaid. That if any person aggrieved by fuch con- grieved mar * viftion shall be minded to appeal from fuch conviftion, it shall appeal,to.the 1 and may be lawful to and for fuch perfon, within two day^ qnartcr-fel-6fter fuch conviftion shall have been intimated to him or her,ilOMm

to appeal to the next enfuing quarter-feftions, or adjournment ; thereof, which shall be held; for the (hire or ftewartry wher6 filch offence shall have been committed, or wherein fuch royal borough is fituated; arid the juftices of the peace aflembled at fuch quarter-feflions or adjournment, are hereby authorized arid impowered to hear and determine the faid appeals, and to give and caufe to be executed fuch judgment or fentence, as in their opinion the juftices or magiftrates from whom the cafe is appealed, ought to have given.

XVI.	Provided always, That the person appealing (haft with Notice, and ell convenient fpeed, and before the-tnefting of the faid quar- reafonsofap-

or adjournment thereof, leave hi? or her reafons of



Googk

378

clerk of the peace. See.

Convi&ion to be exhibited at the feflious

and copy to be delivered, on paviac *d.

so s. Penalty on appeals deemed frito~

Judgment of indices to be Saab

Brewer*, See. in Scotland, inhibited to grant Jipences

Of aft m the execution of {his ad,

pn penalty of 501.

one moiety to foe profccutor

Anno vicesimo none Georgii JI. c. *2.-	[1 756.

appeal in writing with the clerk of the peace of the faid (hire or ftewartry, and sufp attend, and with effed profecute, fuch his or her appeal at the f^id, quarter-feflions or adjournment thereof; and the clerk of the peace (hall, at the quarter-feflions or adjournment thereof, produce all fuch convidions and reafans of appeal as shall have been returned or certified ta him, or left with him since the laft quarter-feflions or adjournment thereof, and (hall, upon reafonable notice, deliver to any perfion requiring the fame, a fair copy of fuch convidionor reasons of appeal 5 for each copy whereof, the fum or fee of fix pence, and no more, shall be demanded and paid.

XVII.	And in order to prevent frivolous and vexatious appeals, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid* That it shall and may be lawful to and for the juftices of the peace at the faid quarter feflions 01 adjournment thereof, if they shall judge any appeal from any convidion to be frivolous and calculated for delay, to award, order aru) diced the party appealing, to pay any fum not exceeding twenty shillings, .over and above the penalties herein before-meqtioned, to be ijevied and applied in fuch mannerf and to fuch ufe or ufb, as the laid dices shall dired and appoint; and the judgment and defermi-nation of the faid juftices at the quarfer-feflions} pr adjournment thereof, shall in all the cafes aforefaid, be finaj and copclufive to all intents and purpofes.

XVIII.	And whereas it is expedient that perfys impswered ta grant licences by virtue ef this /hall net be f%uaye4>h i*tsr$ji the execution of the powers ve/Ud in them; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid. That no justice of the peace or ma-

S(Irate in any (hire, ftewwtry, or royaf horough, in that part of reat Britain called Scotland* who is a brewer, malfter, di(UUerf or retailer of afe, beer, or other excifeabJe liquors, or is conT cerned in partnerfhip, or otherwife, with any brewer, malfter, diftiller, or retailer of ale, beer, or other excifeable liquorjs, at any of the time or times when any of the powers in this, ad are to be executed, shall ad in any of the meetings for granting of any licence or licences, orfoaltconvid or join inanycMvidion* or in the determination of any* appeal d hefted by this ad; and every justice of the peace or magijftrate y/ho (haH offend in any of the premifles, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered by any per fat)'who wift fue for the fame within fix months after fuch offence commits ted, by adion, bill, plaint or information, in his Majeft/s court of exchequer iq that part Great Britain called Scotland* in which no efloin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; which faid penalty of fifty pounds , shall be paid, one moiety thereof to the person who foes for the fame, and the other moiety to the colledoF of the cefs for the (hire or (lewartry within which fuch justice or magiftrate has ofr fended, to be applied for the reparation of the highways or bridges in fufh ftiir? or (lewartry, in	the	pefc?

.. " . i	-	*7	;	few

 

1756.I Anno vlcefixno nono Georgii II. c. 12.	379

fons who by law have the ordering and directing fuch repara- the other to tions, shall think proper.

XIX. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enabled by the r 8# authority aforefaid> That nothing injthis ad contained (hail ex-tend or be conftrued to extend to charge any licence for keep-	***

ing any ale-houfe, tippling-houfe, vidualling-noufe, or place for	i*

the (ale of ale, beer, and other excifeable liquors by retail, fitu- Scotland, ated upon or near the King’s military road or roads, made or to be made in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, at the pub-lick charge, and not being within any royal borough, nor within the burghs of Dumblain, Muihill, Crief, Dunkeld, or within one mile of any of the laid royal boroughs or burghs, with any duty hereby direded to be paid, levied or received ; but all fuch licences shall and may be granted and delivered by the ju-ftices of the peace of the refpedive (hires and ftewartries, where to be iflued oa fuch road and roads shall and may lie, upon the payment of one payment of (hilling for each licence to the clerk of the peace of fuch (hire or ftewartry, for his trouble only; any thing herein contained to I^ac^ the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

XX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforc&id.

That if any person shall from and after the feaft ot Eafttr one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix, write, ingrofs or print, or w 1. Penalty caufe to be written, ingrofled or printed, any fuch licence to be on making ope granted by juftices of the peace as aforefidd, for felling of beer, or other excifeable liquors by retail, before the vellum, parchment or paper whereupon fuch licence shall be ingrofled, written or printed, shall appear to have been duly ftampt, every person fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum °.n of ten pounds, with full cofts of fuit * to be recovered in fuch j^ntl^Vo™ manner as penalties by any former laws relating to ftampt Vel- the intention him, parchment or paper, are direded to be recovered: and that of this ad, if any liich licence shall be fo Ingrofled, written or printed, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad, then and in e- an(| thcfim0 very fuch cafe, there shall be anfwered and paid to his Majesty, to be moated his heirs and fucceflors, over and above the duty hereby due unJcA theduty and payable for every fuch licence, the sum of five pounds, to 3*d be applied and paid in fuch manner, and to fuch ufes, as theP^ faid duty hereby granted is applicable and payable ; and that no fuch licence shall be available in law, or be given in evidence, or admitted in any court, unlefs as well the faid duty hereby charged, as the faid fum of five pounds, shall be firft paid to the pfe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, for the purposes of1Ump 1	*

this ad, and a receipt produced for the fame under the hand of the receiver general for the time being, of the (lamp duties, or of his deputy or clerk, and until the vellum, parchment or paper, on which fuch licence is fo ingrofled, written or printed*

(hall be marked or ftampt according to the tenor and true meaning of this ad; and that the faia receiver general, or his deputy or clerk, shall upon payment or tender of the faid duty payable by virtue of this ad, and of the faid fum of five pounds, give a receipt for fuch jmoney $ and that thereupon the other





380	Anno	vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 12.	1*756*

proper officers shall mark and (lamp fuch licence, with the proper mark and (lamp requifite in that behalf.

.	XXI.	And	be	it	further	enadted by the authority aforefaid,

Aamp!1ftocT That any person shall oounterfeit or forge any (lamp or mark Felony, with- t0 refemble tne (lamp or mark directed to be provided by this •ut clergy, adl, or shall counterfeit or refemble the impreffion of the fame upon any vellum, parchment or paper, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, bis heirs or fucceflors, of the faid duty, or shall utter, vend, or fell any vellum, parchment or paper, with fuch counterfeit mark or (lamp thereupon, knowing fuch mark or (lamp to be counterfeit, or (nail caufe or procure any vellum,

’ parchment or paper to be ftampt or marked with fuch counterfeit mark or (lamp, or shall privately or fraudulently ufe any (lamp to be provided or ufed in purmance of this adt, with an *	intent thereby to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, of

the faid duty, or shall caufe or procure to be forged or counterfeited any (lamp or mark, to refemble any (lamp or mark hereby diredted ro be ufed, every person fo offending, being thereof lawfully convi&ed, shall be adjudged a felon, and (haU'fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy. 1 No licences to XXII. And be it further enadled by the authority afbrefaid, be ifliied but That neither his Majesty’s commiflioners of excife in England toperfonspro-or Scotland refpedlively, nor any of the colledtors or fupervifors Jggtf“of cxc*k> orany ot^erofficers by the faid commiflioners refpec-9 Ann. cT *3. tivety appointed to deliver licences to the retailers of any fpiri-* tuous liquors or ftrong waters, shall grant of deliver any (uch licence to any person who shall not produce a licence granted to him or her in due form of law by juftices of the peace; to fell ale, beer, or other excifeable liquors, and (lamped as by the faid adl made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen 'Anne and by 1	this adl is diredled. V;	r	f

0n death or XXIII. Provided nevcrifhelefs, and be it enadled by* the au-vemoval of thority aforefaid. That if any person fo licenfed to fell ale, beer, persons occu? or other excifeable liquors, shall die or remove from the ale-£ou(es ^bcir ^ou^e or other P*ace wherein (bch ale, beer, or other liquors, afligni! Uc. (hall, by virtue of fuch licence, be fold, it shall and may be law-may continue ful for the'executors, adminiftrators and affigns, of fuch person thC faSf forf <¥ng or amoving, who shall be poflefled of fuch houfe or the yean °f P^acc? or occupier thereof, to fell ale, beer, or other liquors therein, during the refidue of the term for which fuch licence shall have bepn granted to the person fo dying or removing, without any certificate from any justice of the peace, or any new licence to be had or obtained in that behalf; any thing m the faid adl made in the twenty fixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, or any other law to tfie contrary thereof in any wife notwitnftanding.

New licences XXIV. Provided always, and be it enadled* That In cafe any may be grant j ale- houfe or vidlualling-houfe, in that part of Great Britain called to houfe* ed England,, shall become empty or unoccupied after the general unoccupied jay appointed for licenfing (the occupier whereof was duly li-ana Jiceniea	y$ar	preceding)	it	(hall be lawful for any two of his

Mjycfty’g



175®*} Anno viccfirho riOno GeorGII II. C. 13/	381

Majeft/s juftices of the peace, at a petty feffions to grant a Ii- the preceding ccnce to any new tenant or occupier, to open fuch houfe as an year, ale-houfe or viftualling-houfe, and to fell ale there, till the next general licenfing day, fo as the faid licence be (lamped as here-m directed; (uch new tenant or occupier obtaining fuch certifi- tificateasprd cate, as is directed and preferibed in and by an aft of parliament, feribed byF made in the twenty fixth year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled, »6Geo.».c.3i. An act for regulating the manner of licenfmg ale-houfej, in that part of Great Britain called England 5 and for the more eafy convifting persons felling ale and other liquors without licence.

XXV. Provided also, and be it enafted by the authority a- not t0 forefaid, That nothing in this aft, or in any former law relating*extend to li-to dampt vellum, parchment or paper, contained, shall extend, cences grantor be condrued to extend, to charge with any duty, fuch vellum, *d co™au£ parchment or paper, on which any licence to be granted by thtf££”cr#0 cx~ laid commiflionets of excife refpeftively, or by their officers, to retail diddled liquors or ftrong waters, shall be ingrofled, written or printed."	^

XX Vl. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

.That every person who shall retail ale, beer, or other liquors, in any prifon, or houfe of correftion, or workhoufe to be appoint-ed tor the reception of, poor persons, shall be deemed a keeper of out licences. ,a common ale-houfe or tippling-houfe, and shall be fubjeft to the penalties infltfted by law on the keepers of common ale-houfes and tippling-houies, unlcfs he or (he shall obtain from the judices of the peace, according to due courfe of law, a li)-,cence to retail fuch beer, ale, or other excifeable liquors.

XXVII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. This duty to That towards making good to the linking fund, the intcred of be carried intef two millions charged thereon by an aft pf this session of par- the Jinking liament, the (aid duty hereby granted shall be carried tp an<lfund*

.made part of the faid fund.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Perfons fued That if apy aftion shall at any time be brought againd any per- on this aft, fon for any matter or thing, which he or (he shall dp, or caufe raay P,e?d tbr to be done, by virtue or in execution of this aft, in every fuch Seneral *“uc» cafe the defendant or defendants in every fuch aftion, may plead the general iflue, and give this aft and the fpecial matter in evi-. dence, on any trial or trials to be hereafter had in fuch aftion; and that if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any fuch aftion shall dif-continue fuch aftion, or become nonfuit, or if judgment shall be given againd fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, in fuch aftion, the . defendant or defendants in every fuch aftion shall recover hi$,^w7co]?£ 4 her, or their treble cods of fuil.

CAP. XIII.

An off far granting to bis Majesty an additional duty on cards and dice.

Moff gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an aft made in the ninth year of the reign ef

£>ueen Anne, intituled, An act for licenling and regulat-9 Ana. c.>$.

ipg

 

3$ 1	Anno	vicesimo nono GeoRGH II. C. 13.	f 1756.

ing hackney coaches and chairs, and for charging certain new duties on ftarmpt vellum, parchment and paper, and on cards and dice, and on the exportation of rock fait for Ireland; and for fecuring thereby, and by a weekly payment out of the poft office, and by fevcral duties on hides and fkins, a yearly fund of one hundred eighty fix thousand fix hundred and ieventy pounds, for thirty two years, to be applied to the fatisfa&ion of luch orders as are therein mentioned, to the contributors of any fum not exceeding two millions, to be raifed for tarrying on the war, and other her Majesty’s occafions; it was enafted, That from and after the eleventh day of June one thousand fevtn hundred and eleven, during the term of thirty two sears from thence next en-faing, there Jbould be raifed, collected) levied and paid, unto and for the ufe of her Maiefiy, her heirs and fucceffors, for all playing cards and dice, which during the faid term Jbould be made fit for file or ufe in Great Britain, or imported, the duties following ; that ts to fay, For every pack of fuch cards, the sum of fix pence; and fir every pair of fuch dicey the sum of five Shillings, to be paid by the makers or importers thereof re/peftivefy; and it was thereby ear afted, That fuch duties upon fuch cards and dice importeiy Jbould be levied and brought into the exchequer, in fuch manner and form, and under fitch penalties and forfeitures, as any her Majeftfs cujhms or duties on fubfidy goods inwards, were by any law then in forte to be levied ana brought into her Majeftfs exchequer j and it was tberefy enabled. That all makers of playing cards or dice made in Great Britain, before theyJbould refpeftively begin to make any fuch cards or dice, Jbould give or fend to the commijftoners for managing the duties on Jlampt vellum, parchment and paper (who are by the Jaid aft appointed to manage the faid duties on cards and dice) or to their officers, fuch notice as by the faid all is direfted, and Jbould permit the pro-per officers for the faid duties, to enter arty houfe or place for making cards or dice, and take an account thereof, and Jbould not remove or fiffier to be removed the fame, from fuch houfe or place, until the mark and feal devifti to denote the charging the faid duties, Jbould be put on the faid cards and dice refpeftively; and that the makers of fuch cards and dice Jbould make an entry, and clear the duties owing from them refpeftively, without fraud or concealment, in fuch manner, and at Jvch times, as by the Jaid aft is direfted, upon fuch pain, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures ^as are thereby infilled for any fuch offence, to be recovered in manner as by the faid aft is direfted: ana whereas fir the better fecuring the to Ann duties on playing cards and dice, it was by an aft made in the tenth *9* year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled. An a6t for laying fe-veral duties upon allfope and paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame $ and upon chequered and ftriped linens imported; and upon certain filks, callicoes, linens and ftuffr, printed, painted or flained; and upon several kinds of ftampt vellum, parchment and paper; and upon certain printed papers, pamphlets and advertisements; for railing the sum of one million eight hundred thousand pounds by way of a lottery towards her Majefty** fupply; and foe lipenfing an additibnal

num-

 

175&] Anno vicesimo none Gborgii II. c. i3-	3*$

number of hackney chairs; and for charging certain (locks of cards and dice; and for better fecnring her Majedy’s duties to arife in the office for the damp duties, by liteftces for marriages, and otherwife j and for relief of penons who have not claimed their lottery tickets in due time, or have led exchequer bills or lottery tickets; and for borrowing money upon dock (part of the capital of the South Sea company) for the ufe of the publick, father enabled, Tbit during the continuance of the faid duties, M flaying cards or dice Jhould be fold or exfofed to file, or ufedtn playing in any publick gaming bouje, unlefs the paper and thread inclofing, or which Jbouli have inch fed the fame, jhould have been refpeft'rvely fialed and fiampt or marked, according to the faid former aft in that behalf and unlefs one card in each pack or parcel of cards fold, Jhould be Jo marked or Jlampt on the Jpotted fide thereof with fuch mark or /lamp as the faid comtniffioners Jhould dir eft and appoint, under	'' i

fuch penalties and forfeit tfres as by the faid aft are inflifted, to be recovered iti fuch manner as in the faid aft is direfted: and whereas provifion was made by the laft-mentioned aft for preventing the forgery of 'the fialy Jlatnf or mark, provided to denote the paymmt on the Jaid duty\ and for obliging the makers of cards and dice to give due seethe of their intention to make the fame, and for prohibiting the removal of the materials being to be -wrought, for or towards the making of cards or dice, until the fame /hall have been completely made into cards or dice, or the duties for the cards dr dice therewith intended to be made, /ball be paid or fecured, and for extending to every part of Great Britain, the aft made in the third and fostrtb years of King Edward the Fourth, prohibiting the import a- 3&4Ed.4»c.$i Uon of playing cards or dice into England or Wales, and for declaring what pieces of ivory, bone, or other matter made or ufed for any game or play, with any Utter, figure, or other mark thereupon, to denote any xketnee or chances, Jhall be deemed to be dice, and for bnpowering any officer appointed by the faid commissioners, to enter into any bait ft Or place where cards and dice /ball be made, fold or ex-pofed to fafe, or fufpefted to be privately made, or into any publick gaming-houfe, room or place, and there to fearch for cards and dice not duly fealed, marked or Jlampt, and for encouraging the exportation of cords and dice into foreign parts: and whereas by an aft made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majejly King George .Qeo. i. c.s* the Fhfi, a time is limited for profeevtions upon bonds given for the 5 exportation of cards and dice, and provifion is thereby made for vacating fuch bonds in certain cafes therein exprejfed: and whereas by an aft made in the fixth year of the reign of his late majejly King 6 Geo. uc.i George the Flrfl, intituled, An a& for preventing frauds and a-bufes in the publick revenues of excife, cuftoms, damp duties, pod office, afcd houfe-money, a penalty is inflifted on all persons who fbaU fraudulenth cuty tear, or get off,\ any mark or fiampy in refpeft whereof or whereby any duties are payabley or are denoted to he paid or payable on playing cordsy dr Jhall fine, /quire, or new fpot, any dice which have been fold or played with, or Jhall fraudulently tnclofe any parcel or pock of playing cards, in any outfide paper, duly fcoled, and fiampt, the fame having been once made ufe





Ama vifcfcfiafcHidbd GteocttfriL&v

rthe ipurpofesdforfdid,'<*r'fb&

irds,*tbe feme noibeingat>the 'timeof futh^ftmtgwfkpij/btjf' k\ jaGmlip fiampo, otr tht fipoiteb or painiidyMk W* ortbread fealeiand ftamptytihf tbvfawMrtimteitf

limited, and for an allovoemet fo/r pfanpt ^fk^httyvhevfdS&Su^

t}es j- and powiris tl * ,r "**	 -L,t

4m/ by. fitch warrant.

tjes j and powir is thereby alfogiVM upminformiktdrih^ ne,andiHfiubmnnera$iy*htfi

.	^	flW*3

re&ed,4o any officer employed bythe find tommiffidner^Ad>^i^^ T my-jr 407 putt #/tfwy Afctf/r tfrphuatbbShiU

f%t open the Aon,	„ J

dice arcfufpeftedto be madeor mtklng, andtofeil&i dHfiUfPid^St^oSc dice, and the tools or materials by width they art MdoW^&tto&P* Geo i 44i whereasby an aft made in the third year of the *4lg*4f<P>t#im*''

*	#	7#	majejly	ging	George	/A/	/Sr/?, the faid duties on cards' UUddttef^We^f11

among other rates and duties made perpetual, and ma}fc}pQrbOf J/ftT1 fund commonly called The general rend : <wrrf Wbeteasihh ^bereft if , /Ar /iim of fifteen hundredihoufitnd pounds, partbf the'fifto 'if Jt&j millions advanced on the credit of an aft modi in thk 'ftjyUk	*

(lament, at the rate of three pounds ten Jbillings per fcedftttn^jftr" annum, andalfothe inter eft of five hundred thoufJnd pwdfa,'fb$ikfr' the refidue of the faid fum of two millions, at fbtfcM wfHbmem-pounds yer centum per annum, is by the fmd 'etff chargeable upon the fund commonly called The OnkWfg^fiMd your Majesty’smoft dutiful and loyal fubjc<5b, the	*

„	Great	in	parliament	affembled,	.tov^f(^7mkBrtK^i04;1

the trid wintered of the faid fijnri of two mtllionK, fo^aH the faid finking*fund, have refolved to give andgPMt *tfft&yN!P< Magefty theXevera! additional rates, duties aftdiffipdfitftHfet'bM*’ cards and <fcce> herein after*mentioned; and do molt befcech your Majesty that irmay be enabled, artd b#4F4A4&M<7 by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and^llr^h^ed^oir and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal anddomihtMyb inthis prefem parliament aftembled, and *by4he aotfferitjfatf^ Additional the fame, That from and after the patting of jthisf edlp* ttUV \ duties granted Hiall be raifed, levied, collefted and paid, unto and for on c^rds an ^ Majesty, his heirs and fuecefiors, for all pleyfctg OxfeQs add 1J 1 : dice which shall be made lit for fele or ufe in Great Bfi§aiH,^ff additional duties following,-over and abdve ati duties cKWBi^ ble thereupon (tharis to fay)	~	<	*	*	-

.	...	r	*,.;*. * 'Ta \. jwt

6d. on each For every pack of Rich cards* the sum of fix pence, bvirefaft pack of card*, above the duty of fix pence payable for the fame.: •	^	^T*7

and 5s. on And for every pair of fuch dice, the fum 6f ^e 4hSMng§^ each fiair of gygj. ^ above the duty of five rtiillings payable thertCpWftr^ I

sz.xi x.J> - • 1

5uch refpeflive duties to be paid by the makers OfAfcfc fthK OH#

.	dice	refpet£lively.	’	“	:	.--zsz

to he .under II. And be-it further enacted by the authority afeWftWj^HWT' the	for	better fecuring and enforcing the payment ef th^f^^dutke^



*75^*3 Alino Vicdimofioflo GfcokGli It. C.	ij.	38$

the fame shall be under the management of the commiflioners commiflioners for the ftamp duties for the time being, who, or the major part Jor.rta,nP of them* by themfelves, or their officers (which they are here- uliet* by impowered to employ for that purpote) shall caufe a feal, ftamp or mark to be ufed to denote the additional duties hereby Stamp to be granted, in fuch manner as ftamps or marks by the faid ad made ul*d in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Attne> are directed be ufed to denote the duties thereby impofed.

ML And it is hereby further enaded* That the duties hereby Duties pay*-* granted shall be paid into the hands of the receiver general forble toreceiv-the time being of the duties on ftampt vellum, parchment and er general,and paper, who shall keep a feparate and diftind account thereof, pjjj ^tcTtho and pay the fame (the neceflary charges of failing, colleding, pay-exchequer, ing and accounting for the fame excepted) into the receipt of the exchequer 1 for the purposes in this ad exprefled, at fuch time, and in fuch manner, as any former duties on ftampt vellum, parch* ment and paper, are direded to be paid.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,	^

That all powers, provifions, articles, claufes, and other penal- ^ emended ties and forfeitures, diftribution of penalties and forfeitures, to t^e Jutland all other matters and things preferibed or appointed in thetional duties, faid ads made in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of Queen

Aunt* and in the faid ads made in the third, fifth and fixth years of his late majefty King George the Firft, or in any other ad or a£b of parliament relating to the like duties, and not hereby altered, shall be of full force and eflfed with relation to the additional duties hereby charged on cards and dice, and shall be applied and put in execution for railing, levying, colleding, and lecuring the faid additional duties hereby charged, according to the true intent and meaning of this ad, as fully to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame powers, provifions, articles, claufes, penalties and forfeitures, and every of them, had fevcrally and refpedively been hereby enaded with relation to the additional duties hereby charged on cards and dice, and as if the duties hereby charged had been charged by the faid ad made in the ninth year ol Queen Anne, or by any other ad or ads of parliament.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Counterfeit* That if any person shall counterfeit or forge any feal, ftamp

or mark* to referable the feal, ftamp or mark direded to be [?r9 i€ 9 u" ufed by this ad for the purposes of denoting the duties on cards 9 and dice hereby granted, or shall counterfeit or refemble the im-preffion of the ferae upon any cards or di<!e, or any thread or paper inclofing any pack or parcel of cards, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, of any of the faid duties upon cards or dice •> or shall utter, vend or fettaoy cards or vending or dice with fuch counterfeit feal, ftamp or mark, knowing the cards or dice fame to be counterfeit, or shall privately and fraudulently ufe *llhrcounJff* any feal, ftamp or mark hereby direded to be ufed, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and fucceiTors, of any the King, felony duties upon cards and dice, or shall caufe or procure to be forg- without Vqjl. XXI*	Cc	«dri«W-







Afia®	X^75^-

«dw counterfeited any feal, ftampTflf: mark,*pnfapUl«*a*w

feal, ftampor mark hereby dire^ed^il^.ur^uW^WiPWV or procure any card or dice,. or a«y thpe^d »ndrpapftr!»«le<W* any pack or parcel of cards, to

with any fuch counterfeit .feat,. damp PtaforH* ,«r,Afl}ltaR Wt* manner counterfeit or forge, or fWH&of prowo to.ne .WHOWr-feited or forged any feal, (lamp P<b marks to refambfe {lamp or mark by the feid aft made in tbe.tenfo yeatpfrtfhe jr^igo of Queen Anne direfted to be impreffed on the fipatfed'Pr {Hinted fide of one card in each pack orparcelpf playing cards, ihall vend, utter or expofe to faJc any cards with fuel) qmfuptcr-felt feal, (lamp or mark, knowing the feme to be counterfeit, or {hall privately and fraudulentlyjufe any feal, ftamp or mafoufed for fealing, {lamping or marking the fpotted or painted...fidpnf any fuch card, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, fejshelps pnd fucceffors, of any of the duties on cards anddip^J "ewy person fo offending, and being thereof lawfullycopfttdjed, be adjudged a felon, and shall fuffer death as in cafes pf f-pfony, without benefit of clergy.-	.	,.j	-

VI.	And whereasgreat frauds are «r may be	onaiirt

cf cards and dice, under pretence that the fame are intended Jer exportation,in which cafe the fame	by the faid	.fetch

tenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, exempted payable for the fame: arid whereas the provifan by for preventing fuh frauds, bat by experience been famed ttttyft&mii be it further enafted by the authority aforefeid* ThattaIIfpjM-iqg cards made in Great Britain, which (ball bft fotsnt^iMr exportation, (hall, before they are packed wp be inctofed in paper and thread, in packs or parcelsxi)9r(b$h fipnm rtiall TOanncr « the feid commiflioHers for managing; tfo, dutfes on Xeft. and tQ ftampt vellum, parchment and paper Ihall direft 1 WPPish be itampL in order to diftinguiftt them from other card$ ilabfeffoctlW:duties thereon impofed; and that for the feid pWROferAP? every pack pf playing, cards fo made or intended forvfxp$gta$fe»|, or fo many cards in every fuch pack as the faid cpmmb£#nsp shall direft and appoint, shall alfo be marked pc fUmp^xyt^ie • fpotted or painted fide thereof, with fuch mark,• and. on re^Hne and manner as die faid coromiffioners shall direft $ acdifaoy .,r,^g the fame f°n or persons (hall, from at>d after, the palling of tbisflftiywd, in Great Bri- utter or expofe to felc, to be ufed in- Great Britain,PH (haffpie ■fefe- or permit to be ufed in any publick gaming-hpufe, #ny-J>feyfog cards fo marked, ftaropt and diftinguilbed as cards fprcapprp-tion, every-perfon fo offending fltall for every paftt of vended, uttered or expofed to fale, or ufed or permitted[.to-be ufed as aforefeid, forfeit and pay the fum pf twenty, pptiads, to be recovered and diftributed in fuch manner, as pcnshfe& hy any former law relating to cards and dice are direfted. ns.be recovered and diftributed.	n.-.'.t>	.	..rlt

Bondeivenfor VII> And ** lt furlher enafted by the aud»PfHy,afer?fefe> exportation That no bond wluch shall be entered into,pwfpar*,rP ihefoid of catd« and .aft mad; in the, tenth year of. the reigjt.nf;,Qpfl«kA/mn for.**-1

jortini

Cards for eK* * portation to be hi doled and tied as the commif-

aol.

 v^-ooQle

I ?$6f)	4nntJ vSdbfi^W ttQn6 <©8MUOtt ft? «	s 8	y

aHd/diWJ1 fttalFf!&; Seated or deftvered up, unlefi dice, not to be ttrttf ^h§rflpr*9offbe madetfjfttfudh cards or dice ftavtbeeneni. vacated rill teiWa^fl^^id fof Srtprirtarioh as cardfr artd dice, and not « SSateoftSr and btfktfs ind until a certificate of fuch err- beingdufyen-try* aind1 (Moping,' figged byWife proper officer or officers of the rered and cStob^j '&e produced $“ which certificate the faid officer or of- foipp«h ficers ^'hWt'b^difrWted^drtdfetjUired tb give without fee or reward 5 ah^ thing in thefaid *& made in the fifth year of the reign of hifc late majefty King	the Firft to the contrary thereof

in an^Wifertotwithftanding/

Vftt< Ak& Whtreas a fraudulent praftke hath prevailed of felling akeTbtifbig1 Covers artd labels, which have before been made ufe of for 'd&ibting fhe dUif payable kptn tdrds: for preventing fucli frauds, iol. penalty be rt enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any person on buying tfiaft, ffom and after the parting of this act, fell or buy any fuch cover of label, in order to be made ufe of for the inclofing any ulc°f# packer pared of cards, every person fo offending shall foreve-^ry lttch'Oflfehce forfeit the sum of twenty pounds ; to be recovered in manner aforefaid, and to be diftributed, one moiety to the oft Of hts Mijefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other itidleky thereof to any person who lhall inform and fue for the feme. '

r iX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a- Bayer or fcll-fcMtefaid, That if either the buyer or feller of any fuch cover or ec informing,

• label tball 'inform againft the other party concerned in buying or so be admit-felhng fuch cover or label, the party fo informing shall be ad as evl“ . fAitfced t'^gWe evidence againft the party informed againft, and dclnnified. .fl^irhe indemnified againft the penalties fo by him or her in-^eUh'Cd,	''''i

aJ /XV’ Aifd-be it farther en&fted by the authority aforefaid, ?0j p6naf^‘ c^Thatlf Wy hvaker of playing cards, or any other person (hall, on felling * -fitom'fcnd after the paffirtg of this a<ft, fell or difpofe of any waftecards * rcards, commonly called fVafle Cards, unlefs he. or (lie (hall, be- unmarked. fate fuch fale, mark the back or plain fide of every painted or pfoftured Card in fuch manner, as to render the fame unfit to " bb ofed ill play; every person fo offending shall for every fuch offence1 forfeit the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and diftributed in manner aforefaid.

' ' Xl; And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Perfons (bed That if any adfion or adlions (halt at any time or times here- on account of , afterbe broQght againft any person or persons whatfoever, for aa, may ^rtymatter or thing which he, (he or they shall do, of caufe to jVC*cral iffue,

‘ W done, by virtue or in execution of this a<5t, that in fuch cafe®	*

~ thtf dlefdridant or defendants, in every fuch adhon or adlions,

‘MfhaW^hd may plead the general iffue, and give this a6i and the fpecJal matter in evidence, on any trial or trials to be hereafter Jh6d M tliCh adllon or adliOns; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall difeonrinue fuch adlion or actions, or become fionfuit; dr if!judgmdhf (hull be given againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs in	I

; Adh'a&ion}oT ttftions. that then the defendant or defendants irt J - ‘1 v'

Ib&Mlostirz&toM ftiall recover his or their treblo cofts . lit* fi	r*	~	and recover

.	1	Cc*	'	cf	treble coitK

 

m

Duties to be carried into th*firtkittg fund.

GeorgiiII.C. i^.

;of apjr Uw> cuftom or ufyge whatfoever to £Ke any wife notwithftanding*	11	1	:	^

All. And be it further enacted by the itrfBdrii1 That the faid duties hereby charged for pards arfd'i carried to apd made part of the fund, comitionf finking fundi towards making good the faid ihtet^T of two millions charged thereupon by ^an adl m«td Con of parliament.

C A P. XIV.

iSWtf-

aalcfr^

'tlnW

£ iO

e rne ion yjii fl noi

An act for granting to bis MajeflyfwerdlraitFc^ duties payable by all persons, and 'bodies politick xejbri^^^ having certain quantities offilvtt plate.	:!VlW'*

Mojl gradous Sovereign,	^ k y:bni:: p

sq.Gco. *. c.7. \\Z H E R E A S by an aft made in this fefjion of parSdnibOfil ft*5 y V tituled, An adt for granting to hi$ Majesty tra firttf ctFtfco 1 millions, to be raifed byway of annuities and afofrtetYi/ifcii charged on the finking fund, redeemable by parliameriiV fifidi for extending to Ireland the laws made in this kihgdota aaWlft private and unlawful lotteries; the interejl of fifteen hundred &§k* fand pounds, part of the sum of two millions advanced on ibe tredit Of the faid aft, after the rate of three pounds ten Jbillhtgs ’pgr* centum per annum ; and the interejl of five hundred thousand founds, -reftdue of the faid fum of two millions, after the rate ofthree pounds" per centum per annum, are charged upon the fund cbmtoonty cufkd The Sinking Fund : we your Majesty’s moft dutiful ahd Idyalo fubjefts the commons of Great Britain in parliament! affcnabfdd, towards making* good the faid interest of the feid millions charged on the faid fund, have refolded:to grant unto your Majesty the refpe&ive annual rafoscafl6dde&&^

* herein after-mentioned, for and upon aH filver	&?(*t

Britain, and do therefore moft humbly befeech you* MSJiflSf-that it may be ena&ed ; and be it cna&ed by excellent majefty, by and with the advice and lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in thispr^fbitttfplrtltf^^ Annual duties ment aflembled, and by the authority of the fam^ THfctftdiW payabteofi fit- and after the fifth day of July one thbufarid fevfcn lumdtfcd ihd ver plate, viz. fifty there shall be raifed, levied, Collected and paid!

for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, for artdoptfnK all filver plate in Great Britain, the refpeftive annual i*fes*nd duties herein after expreffed; that is to fay,	'	{	;

For 100	For	and upon one hundred ounces troy weight, tfbdiOy

ounces, 5s. greater quantity of filver plate not amounting to twoftim&rtfr ounces, the sum of five (hillings.	j	-	!	rl

For loo, tos. And for and upon two hundred ounces, and any greatttf quantity not amounting to three hundred ounces, the ibrifof ttt*h (hillings.	‘	’	m	A	um

For 30&, \er9 And for and upon three hiitldred ounce?* and anyWwfer quantity not amounting to four hundred buM&rtfcfc* Eitfi of fifteen (hillings.	r'filo	an,*

17$6-^ ci ^nno viceftnjo nonb	W./	'$$$

An<l far" and upon four Wndred'oub^'^i%i‘ itijf	♦<»»	*«••

<m0tjttiJnp^ ,ajnaounti»g ,|5yc bundft^ oiuncei/^he. ffijOf1' ,

'	'	1	■	'	1	,	,S	.	(I	•■.:	t.	"!	;.	.	:.	I1".	>

,s	and upon five hundred ounces, ana 'ariy greater For

quantity,npt, amouutiiig to fix hundred ounces, the ifum of one

And for and upon fix hundred ounces, and *ny greater quan- For$oo,i!.ioi. tity not amounting to feven hundred ounces, the Ami of one pound ten (hillings. * IA 'i * J

Afld f^ap^ MUpQn fevervvhundred ounces, and any greater Foryoq, 11.15c. qp^ity raMn^upting to eight hundred ounces, the sum of one pouna fifteen /hillings. j

And for and upon eight hundred ounces, and any greater For *00, il. quantity not amounting to nine hundred ounces, the sum of twp pounds. v	i

Andfarand upon nine hundred ounces, and any greater For 900, qjL^^ntityinpt^mounting to one thousand ounces, the sum of two	9

ppupds fi^efiiilJings.

f Aft4f:fftT and. upon one thousand ounces, and any greater For tooo, quaptjty 4iot amounting to one thousand one hundred ounces, *1. «os. the sum of two pounds ten (hillings.

And fix and upon onerhoufand one hundred ounces, and any For II00j greater quantity not amounting to one thousand two hundred *1. i5s/^ ounces, the funi of two pounds fifteen (hillings.

. And far and upon one thousand two hundred ounces, and any jor 1200,3I. greJKqr qjugntity pot amounting to one thousand three hundred the	Qf three pounds,

, Aodfotrjahd Upon one thousand three hundred ounces, andForijoo^l^s. quantity not amounting to one thousand four hun* dredpupc^, the sum of three pounds five (hillings.

jfor0wt(j upon one thousand four hundred ounces, and for^oo, at^igphtetiqi^ptity hot amounting to one thousand five hun- f1- I0S-dn?d Ounce^itne fum of three pounds ten (hillings.

Aod for and upon one thousand five hundred ounces, and any for 1500, quantity not amounting to one thousand fix hundred ,55, oWG&i Iheifum of three pounds fifteen (hillings.

l A^d for end upon one thoufcnd fijc hundred ounces, and any For1^00^4. glWlBFqqiMfHity hot1 amounting to one thousand feven hundred	^	j

fum of four pounds. -»A£ddp* 40d upon one thousand feven hundred ounces, and For 1700, any greater quantity not amounting to one thousand eight hun- 41* 5s* dred ounces, the sum of four pounds five (hillings. vAhd <far and upon one thousand eight hundred ounces, and For 1800, /quantity not amounting to one thousand nine hun- 41* 1 dred ounces, the sum of four pounds ten (hillings.

upon one thousand nine hundred ounces* and For 190*1 auyjgFeftftfi qqaq^ity not amounting to two thousand ounces, +1. 15*. the sum of four pounds fifteen (hillings.

1Apd^f<Vn#nrt:‘Upon/ twp tfipufapd ounces, and any grater For 2000,4!,. * qvaijrtitj Ufa afBPWWkfaifW tj^pufand one hundred ounce?, ,	^	•

thp fum of five pounds.	fc	,

fcnA	C	c	3	And

A

0

- 1



Gock

jfltap

For *joo*5b5*<

For

$1. iq»*

For *W°4 $1* X5S*

For *400,

<T.

For ijooi 01. 5s-

For i0oo# 01. 10s.

For iyOQ> 01.15*

Foriloo, 7)

For tcpa,

H-'S*

For 3aop#

7I.10S.

For 31001

,7V.*5’.

For J106, *1,

For 3joo, Pi- 5^

For 1400, W* iosf

For 350a,

31. 15s*

For 3600, si.

For 3700,

ft &

Atuti ^fct&no ftona GBoft^li If. fipfif; £ *£56.

: Andupont^O3thoU<ahdoii^UhdF0dJ<kiW^J £tt&*ns greater quality bot amounting to two ounces, the fam of five pounds five ftifliingjs? c^vn.io b And for arid upon two thoufatt^ t^b 'hirtidf^’fedflt^^nd *ny greater quantity not anlotjntiftg'tb rwo dred ounces, tire fum of five poiihdsterifhtHlhgfi111 1o. rma *' And for and upon two thotlfatfdthreb hbhdr^fojfifc^^tnd any greater quantity not amounting to two dred ounces, the sum of five pounds fifteen.(hillings. ^

And for and upon two thbufand fouV MindVetf od^^** tend any greater quantity not amounting to two fooiiff^tf‘Ijte ftfe*-dred ounces, the sum of fix pounds. .1 \ 10 /nb min h > <.

And for and upon two thousand five hundred^o^^^Hiby any greater quantity not amounting to two th<kiQ^'JOT^hOT-dred ounces, the sum of fix pounds five fhillrngV 3	-A‘

And for and upon two thousand fix hundred greater quantity not amounting to two thoufand	Ktindftd

ounces, the Turn of fix pounds ten (hilling?. t J n	Cjv

And for and upon two thousand feven hundred btijnbbs,:^nd any greater quantity not amounting to two thoufandet^ht 4nih-dred ounces, the sum of fix pounds fifteen (luffing?; 1 -* ** And for and upon two thousand 'eight hundred any greater quantity not amounting to two thousand ftinc fiofi-dred ounces, the sum of feven pounds.	’	f	il	7

And for and upon two thousand nine hundred otirtflss^ and any greater quantity jpot amounting to three tb<foat» the (um of leven pounds five (hillings.	7	\

And for an4 upon three thousand ounces, and arty quantity not amounting to three thousand one hutjdrtd^ti^, the sum of feven pounds ten (hillings.	%>^nfnn

*• And for and upon three thousand one hundred ‘qtihddsj‘^ad any greater quantity not amounting to three thouftttd^tw1^-dredbunoes, the sum of feven pounds fifteen fldllrhfrs;

And for and upon three thousand two hundr^.OOTi^^&d any greater quantity not amounting to three thousand dred ounces, the (um of eight pound?. ,	*	/'"**.«n

And for and upon three thousand three hundrM*otnfot^f ^nd any greater quantity not amounting to three thoufafidfebth^B-dred ounces the sum of eight pounds five (hHlings. ^ 'k,f , And for and upon three thousand four hundred OUtftraV ihd any greater quantity not amounting to three thoufand,ifivebtih-dred ounces, the sum of eight pounds ten (hillings/2*1 ?r;^J And for and upon three thousand five hundtwdiWe^ *hd any greater quantity not amounting to three thousand dred ounces, the sum of eight pounds fifteen foifling*. *v s“i And for and upon three thousand fix hundrW nibttfcfci, &nd any greater quantity not amounting to three thoufifijir fitijen hundred ounces, the sum of nirte pounds.	,a^-	'	j:,K*

And for and upon three thousand feven hundreobifoeft; jamd

any greater quantity not amounting* to-t^e. thoaf^ff^ight dfed ouncesj foe fum of pipe pounds	^li?:

,un-

Ap<1



T75&J Anno viccfimo nono Georg* l XL c* 14,;	jgtt

And for *nd upon three thousand eight hundredotmcesy and Forjeoo* i--j ! •PJ.great^fliumity not amounting to three thoofaad nine hunt- 9'm >os' dred ounces, the sum of nii^e.pounds ten (hillings*

And/or and^upon three thousand nine hundred ounces, and For j9«* not amounting to four thousand ounces^ 9^ ls^ L the sum of nine pounds fifteen shillings,

jA^d ^or and upon four thousand ounces, and upwards, the For 4000 and ivipn of tep pounds* /	upvmrd*, joi.

\Vhich fever?} rates and duties /hall be paid yearly and every The u

•	3f£?r by nli pcjflpn^ and bodies politick or corporate, who on the payable year-laid fifth day of July one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix, «y>

:«?F; after|y^d^t shall own, ufe, have or keep any quantity of fil-yer p)3tejch^jgeable by this aft.

II.	And be it further enafted by the autliority aforefaid, That and fuch of fuch of thCjlaid rates and duties by this aft granted* as are or tlJem as are. lhxll be io chargeable for and upon filver plate in England, IValei KngUnd, to^ or the town of Berwick upon Tweedy shall be under the manage- be under the

•	,npent of the commiflioners of excife in England for the time be- management ing S and fuch of the faid rates and duties by this aft granted °f*!K

as are or shall be fo chargeable for and upon filver plate in Scot- exdj^TnEng-land, shall be under the management of the commiflioners of land* .and 5 ^cxdfe in Scotland for the time being; which commiflioners of thofe in Scot-cxcife in England and Scotland refpeftively are hereby impowered land unde.r ■ £0 appoint proper officers for collecting and receiving the faid ncr«*therer rafes and duties; and all monies arifing by the faid rates and du- ancj officers to ties (the neceflary charges of railing and accounting for the fame be appointed ^accepted) shall from time to time be paid into tj>e receipt of his for colle&iog Majesty’s exchequer at IVeJlminJler^ diftinctly and apart from all are to other branches of the publick revenues, and shall for the.pur- ^ paid into ^jpofe afpfefaid, be carried into and made part of the fund com- the exche-; nionly called The Sinking Fund.	^ucr*and :

III.	And it is hereby enafted by, the authority aforefaid, That fin£jnl°f

all persons and bodies politick, or corporate, who 00 the faid	-

fifth Hay of July one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix fhali *	*

own, ule,1 have or keep any quantity of filver plate chargeable JcT^he'dutics

j by this aft, in London, Wcjhmnjler, or in any other parts within the tu-the limits or jurisdiction of the chief office of excife in London, rii'Uiftion ot fhali, within thirty days after the faid fifth day of July one the chief of. t rthouland (even hundred and fifty fix, give notice and make true tondbn ^to entry in writing at the faid chief office of excife of their owning, notice?, ufmg, having or keeping fuch filver plate, and of the number and make cn-r of ounces of fiich plate chargeable by this aft, wherefoever the try there,, fame, or any part thereof, fhali be kept, and of the pari(h or place, or parimes or places where fuch persons shall refpeftivc-, ly inhabit, or where luch bodies politick or corporate shall refpeftively be fituate, diftinguifhing in fuch notice whether the fame be given on their own account, or on the account of any , Other, and what person or persons, or body or bodies politick	;

OP corporate j ana all persons and bodies politick or corporate, who after the (aid.fifth day of Julyt one thouf^pd fevea hundred , *	Cc4	v	and

 

v"Urr*q .let 5:ii *13, v»r ao Mf	,,



•Mheitext ^ of ex-

fff 2	jftnflo vileQm# aand cGeaM&fteUs Gctfi [&8&>

lijUsnc ^cnMrgBitfUL by this aft, jm ^onda*,	{Ht	icMdy

«^aft^Ahyj ahelimitsor jqriidiftiob■ of tfioiddetbaffitopt**--xifef ih Vdad'M^HMU twthkL twenty days	jwr-

... 3 _jt j vfons •kbodfesrpolirick or corpcnatit.K^paSiircly il^ hcgia_to •«x *•» trx -fiwn,bufc,,have'©r'kcep; any qoami^ oLfitep^lMtoio^rg^aUe by thisaft,*3give.the like notice,! atut make the bhe eadxy etxhe ^ prifensiiifcid chief office of Recife \ and jaH; persons r land bbdicxqaofitick other parts toor corporate whekon the faid fifth dfcyof ^^xn&thbu&miift-g»re like no- yen hundred and. fifty fixfhatt oamyufc* haYCcjoBtJceepiaoy quanti ty of i^vec pi Re chargeable by thu-pftv in ioyibAcJr'paft of \Qreat Brtisitiy fhaii% within forty days after ^/fiuab oft It day of Jedy one rhnufand feven hundred and fifty fix, giy&fcbq-tlikc notice, and make the like entry at-the office Df-excifcntectitQ the place where fuch persons shall refpeftivelyinbatjityor where fuch bodies politick or corporate shall refpeftivcly hn^llttifetei and all persons and bodies politick or corporate, ihou&cr the laid fifth day of July one thousand feven, hundred and7fifty, da, shall own, ufe, have or keep any quantity of filvt^pfittwipkargc-ablp by this aft, in $ny other part of Great Britain* (hall^ 'within twenty days next after fitch persons or bodies politic tor corporate (hail rclpeftively begin to own, ufe, have.or Jtecp apy quantity of diver plate chargeable by this aft, give thb Jrfoc.;notice, and make the like entry at the office of excife next te the place where fuch persons shall refpeftivcly inhabit, or vfberie /uch bodips politick or corporate shall refpeftiyely be fitttfte;' and all andoiakcpay-perfons or bodies politick or corporate refpe<5livcly (hall, art the ipent-at the time, of giving fuch notice and making fuch enfc^, paydown th?da^h^ ^	annual	rates	and	duties chargeable byihifi a*%;

/	and the refpeftive rates and duties fo m be paid by afiTuck peo-

R*<p*afre . foni and bodies politick or corporate, who on theTud fifekday timet of com-of y^one’thoufaod (even hundred and fifty fix, shall ownj ufe, juring the	^atfe pr keep: any quantity of filver platp chargeable byrthirack,

putip*-	fiiall annually be computed or deemed payableiiroqt! tbdfidti ‘

fifth day of jtdy oi^ethoufand feven hundred andfifty filc^ jargl the refpteftivc rates and. duties fo to be paid Jby olLpBrfoh&ond bodies politick or corporate, who after the Jaid fifth day raijniy * >	, one thou&nfd fcvei> hundred and fifty fix, IhdU 6wn, *jft, Baae or

*<>■	;,	, keep any quantity of filver plate chargeable by this .a&jdbaHafc-

p	pu^lLy;be.computed and deemed payable from the time o^thdir

*']'	' firft beginning to own, ufe, have or keep filch fibatpfeto

jprcfh njtiQC tpJ IV. And be it further enacted bytbe authority afore£tid,Th*t he jjiyen, and aHperfons aod bpdies pcfitick ©r ecuperate* who (h?Hjgjxc^©r dunes robe fie -obliged -»to give fuch notice as afprefeio, /fagll* tairfbimthkty ppd annually.	next after the commencement of each .yeary|fwhd|ipk; thi

feid rates and duties shall be payable, give afrefh noticeiiniqMj*

^ mer afore la id, aud paydown the refpeftive anhi&l rafts idfftfu-. tics abovermentioned, according 16 the. numberok Ounces of filver. plate chargeable by this aft, which they mall ahqat-fifeee*

; fivtiy own, ufe, have or keep, aqd fhaU in theTarteimamiailref pdw fUch notice,* and make &Qb pkygaeo|

/	^	lon§

t. f

..10 ,J

n „





*756}] Amn vlieftraaorib GaokoiMh confix	sgy

ljc>b^ ^	£ha|l xofjpe&Ur^ly^ c^ru^u to crtu^ nfeifcftrieor

vfceepi any.cpMpotvty W iilvcc Opiate chargedbtd fay thfanaa^ -nad{ if any pcrfeti or body politidtOr corporate fo ownings dutt^hajr- wl* P^ty iiw in keeping any (Hath pfa tech arguable byi this afi* matt rce- S3T* fufeoid	s^^r^ notictr and makc foci* «uty renewing the

andpaytnetwps atorefeid^orco Knew fucb notice,,and.mke&me, &c. fuck fntvy arid payment fewlyande very ydar in manner fcforfc-fiaid^ prmall, with intemitbidefraud hia Majesty of any of the,^ c ; slt' rates and duties granted by ithn ad, conceal, or oaufe orpro* ’	■••*>

cnrejto/befconcealed any iilver plate,- which he or (he, or inch	l; *

j bpdy poli<tok or corporate(haUown, ufe, have or keep, then and in e^ery fiich cafe, every fuch person or body politick or corporate’contrary to the^elpedive directions of this ad,

/fftadhfotf.'every fuch offence rcfpedively forfeit and Jofc thefum of kwentytjfodnds.

v V. Priced always. That nothing in this ad contained shall Fre(h notice ^tendaoibhlige any person or body politick or corporate to give and entry not ; ariy;fochf>ft*(h, notice, and make any fuch new entry of pay- nrcefory for -iBenf betaken the commencement and expiration of the year,

-for which! any fuch rates or duties shall have been paid; al-piatewitUft*^ though (betv person or body politick or corporate may have ac- the year* /qcirqdbi the mean time the property, ufe, pofleflion or cuftody pfi any additional Quantity of filver plate v any thing herein coo-/tinned*to the contrary thereof in any wife notwhhftanding.

1-jVL Rrovided always, and be it cnaded by the authority a* persons mak-£obdaid, >That in every cafe where the duty or duties required fog entry, and Mf this lid! itp! be pa^d, by any perfoil or body politick or cor-payback* » q»rdtn;i fpbaJ^eable with the fame, shall be paid, and notice daft* trfheay lan|d entry made as aforefaid, before any information bid	j

fpqaSotihiiring given fuch notice, and made fuch entry and pay- j[ot liable to imntv rofc ofofecution begun for the fame, no person or body profecurifn^ ,pblitickuDr corporate, having given fuch notice, a* d made fuch r	1

jbaryiin^ipayment, although not Aridity within^fce riroe prt'-	<

feribed by ihisadl, shall be afterwards profecuted Tftr not having Igivepfucft; notice, and made fuch entry and payment, within the Ume rlimbfd 09 aforefaid; any thing herein contained to the ^dbtrary^tkereof in any wife notwithftanding. •

io #iE. ^Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the au* pcrr0ns reew-thorit/afbrefaid, That nothing herejn contained shall extend to ring plate in “Charge withi the duties payable by virtue of this a&, any perr pledge, with-fons or bpdtes politick or corporate, who on the bid fifth day n^li-trf{eJuty one thousand feven hundred and fifty fit, or at any time -	»

afterwards, shall keep and not ufe any filver plate, which hath tyectior (haH be pledged to, or depofited with them refpe&hrety, by ariy other person or persons, or body or bodies politick or corporate^

V3IL Provided neverthelefe, That the true owner or owners 0 6f fuch plate fo pledged dr depofited, (hall, during all fuch time tc"pay * as fttch plkte shall be fo kept, and not ufed by the person or durv for (uch perfiMis;-or body cr bodies politick or corporate, to whom pledged plate* fo pledged* or with whom the fame foall be r '	O	fp







Cburch plate, aiid (lock in trade not li * abler

Anno viceGmo nono Georgii II, c. 14.	[*756?

fo depofited, be liable to pay the rates and duties chargeable by this aft, in refpeft of fuch plate, and to give notice, and mak,c luch entry and payment as aforeiaid.	il,

lXr Prbvidea alfo, and it is hereby enafted* That tbis/aft shall not extend to charge with any of the refpeftive rates and duties granted by this aft, any filver plate which shall belong pf any place of religious worfhip, and which is* or (h ill , be ufed therein only, nor the flock in trade cf any goldfmith* fiiverfinith, imnufafturer, feller of, or dealer in filver plate.

Dealers to en- X. Provided neverthelefs, That every fuch goklfapith, diverts *ad pay fmith, manufafturer, feller of, or dealer in filver plate, ftiaJI give for plate in ^lcj1 nodce, and make fuch entry and payment as afore-uc*	faid, and from time to time renew fuch notice and make fuch

s entry and payment yearly and every year, in manner herein before direfted, for and in refpeft of all fuch filver plate aslhajl be ufed by him or in his family, on pain to forfeit for every ne-gleft or rfcfufal to give any fuch notice, and make fuch entry or payment as aforefaid, the sum of twenty pounds.	,

Perfons who XI. Provided also, and be it further enafted by the authority base madden- aforefaid. That if any person having given due notice, and made ■Sntdymg^ due cntry anc* Payment the duty, for any quantity of filver within the” plate, chargeable by this aft, according to the true intent and year,	meaning	thereof,	(hall	die before the end of the year for which

fuch payment shall be made, in every fuch cafe, it shall and their facet (Tors may be lawful for the person or persons, body or bodies politiqk not liable to or corporate, in whom the property of fuch filver plate (h$Jl immediately b? vefled upon fuch death, to ufe, have and ke^p fuch fiber plate, for or in refpeft whereof fuch duty (ha!! haye been paid as aforefaid, during the refidue of the year for which fuch payment shall have been made, in like manner as foch df-ceafcd person might have done if living.	^

XII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefajp. That upon the payment of the faid refpeftive rates and dwts fo hereby granted at the faid refpeftive offices of peelje* tne theofficcr^T names> fliles and titles of the refpeftive persons, bodfospolitif

■ for the rsfchie of the year.

Upon pay- x men not the duties, entry to be made b

the persons and quantity of plate chargeable.

Beceipt to be given.

or corporate, by whom or on whofe account the lame (haU fo paid, and the number of ounces of filver plate chargeabfp ) m Virtue of this aft on fuch persons, or bodies politick or corj^f-rattf refpeftively, and the names of the pari(h or place* or pa-ri(hes or places, where fuch person shall refpeftively inh^t, or fuch bodies politick or corporate shall refpeftively be fituate, shall be entered in a regifter to be kept at the faid refpeftive offices of excife for that purpofe, by the person fo receiving the fame; and a*receipt (of which an indented duplicate pe kept by the person fo receiving the (aid money) shall be givbi to every person fo paying fuch refpeftive rates and duties by the faid person fo receiving the fame, which receipt (Kali contain the number of the faid regifter, the number of the ounces of filver plate fo refpeftively paid for, the fum fo paid, and tjhe time for which fuch fum shall have been fo paid, and be a tfif-Charge to the refpeftive persons, bodies, politifk^or

woo

 L,ooQle

*75^-1 Atino vicesimo  nonoGEOKGii tl. C. !4.	$95

whafhaBlbown, ufejhave or keepfuchfilvcr plate, For the rates and duties payable for rticl) number of ounces of (itver plate, wherefoever the fame shall be refpe&ively ufed or kept,	t	.

Xlfl. And be it farther enafted by the authority afoitlaid, Profecutions ^Fhat iff! profecutions for the recovery of the rates and duties forthereco-Jhereby granted, and for forfeitures and offences incurred an^ Jum^or for-comniitted agamft this atff, br' ariy clause or article therein con- futures, de- " Gained, fhalhand may be heard, adjudged and determined, either terminableia by bill, plaint or information, jn any of his Majesty’s courts of Weftminfter record at Wejtiriinjlet% or in the Court of exchequer in Scotland, of«-if fuch forfeiture fhajl be incurred there ; or in fuch manner and chequer in* form as hereafter is dire&ed; that is to fay, all profecutions for Scotland, forfeitures and offences incurred and committed within the limits or by thecorti-or jurifdl&fon of the chief office of excife in London, shall and may be^heard, adjudged and determined by any three or more jn the’jurif- * of the commiflioners of excife in England, for the time being; di&ion of -and in cafe of appeal from the judgment of the fiid commiflion- London, ers (and not otherwife) shall be heard, adjudged and determined

the cortimHlioners for appeals, for the time being, or the^nhy^ major part of them, whofe judgment therein shall be final; and commiffioner* .all profecutions for forfeitures and offences incurred and com- °f appeal* i mitted within all or any other the counties, (hires, ftewartries,

Cities, towns or places within the kingdom of Great Britain^ or mor/ju-

fhall and may be heard, adjudged and determined, by any twofticei.

or more of the iuftices of the peace redding near to the place

where fuch forfeiture shall be incurred or offence committed;

and if either the informers or defendants shall think themfelves Inforwr or

aggrieved by the judgment given by fuch jufticcs,' it shall and Sieved maf"

{may be lawful for every fuch informer or defendant to appeal to appeal to the thejufticesof the peace at the next quarter feffions to be holden quarter fef-in and for the county, (hire, ftewartry, city, town or place where	,

- the forfeitures shall be incurred, who are hereby authorized apd • ImpQwered to hear, adjudge and determine the fame, and whofe judgmCht therein shall be final; and the faid commiflioners for " excife, and commiflioners for appeals (in cafe of appeal) and all Up0n com-jtfftices of the peace aforefaid refpedtively, are hereby authorized plaint or in-vind required, upon complaint or information upon oath exhi- fonn^io^ «4 ‘bited and" brought before them refpectively, for any forfeiture	be

T^curred or offence committed by any person or persons,contrary fammoned to tnis (which oath the faid commiflioners and juftices of the and heard, peace refpe<ffively, are hereby authorized to adminifter) to fum-jhon the party or parties accufed; and in cafe of any fuch complaint err information exhibited againft any body politick or cor-

f>orate,*to fummon the chief officer or officers of fuch body po-itick or corporate, and upon the appearance or contempt of any fuch person fo fummoned, to proceed to the examination of the matter of fa<St; and upon due proof made thereof either by the and judgment voluntary confeflion of the person or persons fo funrmioned, or to be given by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witqefles (which thcrcuP0rn* oath they thfe faid commiflioners and jufticcs refpetftively, have ' hereby power to adminifter) to giv| judgment or Sentence there-v *	vponj





3$S

drtaxfomnd

W*-

Fot mnt of diftreft, offender to be committed.

Odd tooiety of *

Anno vicdbno nono GfcdftGli IT.

.A

f *f	upon; and to award and iffue out warrants tinder their

• / ,	refpedively, for the levying of inch forfeitures and penalties aa

Barikkmetto are by this ad impofed, upon the goods and c!p£0s be be*icd by person or persons, or body or bodies .politick or corporate* and to caufe fale to be made of fuch goods and chattels, if they fca|l not be redeemed within fourteen days, rendering t? fuch perform or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate, tbq qvprplusfif any be) and for want of fufficient diftrefs, otherwise thanin the cafe of a body politick or corporate, to impnfon th? par.y or parties offending, till fatisfa&ion be made.	/.

„ XIV. And h is hereby further cnaded, That al| fq^p&ires m forWtureiand penalties which shall be recovered for any offeiKre*^oawi$->	>	^^own,	ted againft this a d fall neceflary charges for the recovery thereof

being firft deduded) shall be diftributed, one moiety ~'V ,‘f' f . and for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucce(ior5,^^4t)i^ tiie other to other moiety thereof to him, her or them, who (ball uaform or the informer. fuc forthe fame.	1

ferfbtit fued XV. And it is hereby further cnaded by the authority 3 Ttrfy plead the That if any person or persons shall be fued^ mojeftodi general iflue j profecute(j for any thing done by virtue or in purfuanoe qf.jhi* , , ad, or any the claufes herein contained, fuch person or perfqps shall and may plead the general iffue, and give this ad and jhe fpecial matter in evidence, for his, her or their defence) aadjf; afterwards on a trial, a verdid shall pafs for the defendantoiApr, fendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall difeontinqq ^is, hjsFj or their adion or adions, or be nonfuited, or judgmer^ fhallbe given againft him, her or them upon demurrer^ <sx otherwife, then fuen defendant or defendants shall have treble co$s tobifla^ her or them awarded, againft fuch plaintiffor plfunti^.i

and recover treble colts.

CAP XV	‘	‘

. /S XT. A.Y.	.	isvwj

An aU for granting a bounty upon certain fpteks . and Irifh linens exported * and taking off the duties-importation of foreign raw linen yams made dfJTax.<'JU') ^

WHEREAS tie wealth andprofperityof this kingdom4iM&tyti much depend upon the prefervation and improvements Afxbfr* manufactures thereof: and whereas the manufacture of ltne0vl¥^4d\ be greatly improved? and the exportation of it to foreign PPXti derabh increafedy if. a bounty was allnved on the exposofmUj Britirn and Irifh linens of a certain value ^ and the dutiespay^^yf^ on the importation of raw or brown linen yarn made offlax ,!##**< dff'j continued ': may it therefore plcafe your Majesty that i^?uniay ibtfi cnaded; and be it enaded by the King's moft cxceUei>fcmftw)b4 by and with the advice and confent of the lofds^jituMilOlk temporal and commons in this present parliament Bounty grant- and by the authority of the fame, That there (hailh^giye|t ed oa certain paid without any fee, reward or dedudion .whatfoev^ aehgi^y^ Ip^nesot Br»- for evcry yar(j Qf Britijk and Irijb linensmade of hpmp ^J^j JinenTexWt. and of the breadth of twenty fi.vf inches « ed j viz. un. value of five pence per yard, the sum of one halfpenny; and of derjd. per	the



under

and

W&A 4?n°	M

the Value of five pence per yard^ and under the value qf fa T1*5 *q- <* pen&i* ^j^^Sfd^Vhe Tuiii oflone penny ; and of"the value qt s d. indiu fix	Vard, and hot exieedin| the value of eighteen

pefliee^f	the foiti of onefjenny half-penny, which from	iu* exceeding

itSd aftir^ twenty fourth day of June in the yearone thpu7 i ^fedi per > &hd JfcV^hundfedTand fifty fix, andf within the term of fifteen ?anJt1I yeii*^,! tiPcdmmencefrom the (aid twenty fourth day of June, Qg oiitl&vu at any time1 thereafter before the end of the then next (eflioo of , * I pari&mfcrft; shall be exported out of Great Britain to Africa,	-

Americas Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, the ifland of Minorca, or the Eaft Indies j# which faid bbunty ( shall be ps^id upon demand to Bounty, ttie'exporterof fbch linens, or the feller thereof for exportation, able to theeah by the cdle<9or of the port from whence the fame shall be ex-ported, but of the monies that shall be in his hands, arifing tor o/the from any of the duties, revenues and cuftoms, colle&ed and re- port, and for reived it fiicn port ; and ifi cafe any collector of the customs in "antot:mor tirtf Out-port in South Britain, or of any port in North Britain,	J

fhall not have money fufficient in bis hands to pay fuch bounty, gmntcd lor <t tlialf fhen bvefy fdch colle&or (hall, if thereunto required*forth- the fiune, Jej^ Whlv without fee or reward give to the person or persons intituled	.	^

to fuch bounty, a certificate under his hand, attefted by tfie comptroller; certifying to the commiflioners of his Majefty's qOtloms at London, if fuch linens are exported from any port in that part of Great Britain called England, or to the coinmiffion-erslof Hii Majesty’s customs at Edinburgh, if fuch linens are ex-ported from any port in that part of Great Britain called Scot-land, that he hath not money in his hand fufficient to pay the faid b6dhty, and alfo what is due for the fame to fuch person or

artd upon producing fuch certificate, and the debenture ’ . of the linens’exported, the (aid refpeftive commiflioners of the customs shall caufe to be paid without fee or reward, by the receiver general or cafhier of the customs at. London or Edinpurgf) rrfptravely, to thie person or perfQhs producing every fuch cer-ti&afc andidebcntufe the fum or Aims of money fa certified to be due, oat of the monies arifing from any of the duties revenues and customs under the management of fuch f efpqdtive com* miffioneTS; and if the receiver general or caflhier of thecuftqn^K at Edinburgh shall not have money fufficient in his hands to pay tkebouftty fo certified to be due, the commiflioners of his Ma-jefty'S customs at Edinburgh, or any three of them, shall forthwith* Without fee or reward, give fuch exporter or feller for exportation, a certificate certifying the fame to the commiflioners pf his Majeftv’s customs at London \ which certificates being affixed to the aebentuies for the bounty of the faid linens (o exported, arid being produced to the faid commiflioners of his MdjeftyV customs at London, they the faid commiflioners are hereby* authorized and required on demand by fuch exporter dr filler for exportation, or other person legally authorized to re-ctffe*the fame, that shall bring fuch certificate and debenture,’; to'cibfc r&fmonVy thereby certified to be due, to be paid by ^lie

a

minvbr ’gehertt 5r$a(hierof the customs without fee or reward,

K* bill. ; Vn/U Jlh’ * >'•' 1	‘'i	1	'	’	-•	1	**	1

n. ff111 •u-., t

t

\)

 

and oath to be made of the value and manufacture.

Searcher may

(398	Anno	viceflmonono Gequgii II. e. [ 17$5.

•	out of the monies thatihall be in his hands, arlfirtg ftofa* an y

\ *	of the dunes, revenues and cuftbiws, under the foanigetaent

of the(aid commissioners at tendon.	1	^

ttaontfcy and s II. Provided always .That the exporter’ ot4 fedter for expdr-value of the tation, of fuch Britifb and bijk linens, (halt irt hfe ehtf^thert^ linens to be Qf exprefe the quantity and value,; and likewHfe tfhdortfectfi lfce endorfcdaon coctluct granted upon fitch entry^ 1he/ true quantity and Vahie the cocquet, of the linens intended to.be (hipped ; and moreover (halt, be-and certificate fore he receive fueh bounty, produce a Certificate ffrhxi the Jron'the	fearcher or other proper officer appointed to fee the famethlptted,

Shiced^ and^	'th®	(hipping thereof, and (haH fikeW^ give Amdebt

•feconty given fecurity to the coile&oi4 or cuftomer cf the port, in the penalty for not re- of double thecalue of the goods Intended to be exported, Omd landing. one hundred pounds (which fecurity every (uch colle&bforcu-Homcris hereby impowered and required to take m the nAme and to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucctflorv) thatftich linens fo (hipped or intended to be (hipped, or any part thereof, shall not be relanded or brought on (hore again fa aWy pbrt or part of Great Britain, Ireland, or The Ijle ef Man; and (ball Oho, before he receives any fuch bounty, make oath {which oath the proper officers of the customs have hereby paw&ttb ad-minifter) of the value of fuch linens, and that the fattfe Were made in Great Britain or Ireland.	v'

III.	And in order to prevent abufes in obtaining thfcfttiti examine if the bounty, be it farther cnafted by the authority afort&irf. That with thcentrvlt am* may he lawful to and for any fearcber, dr ofhtf jtfd-tnd cocqueti P^r officer, after the entry of any linens, as being mtitlCtf to ftie

*	find bounty, and before or after the (hipping thCredf/tb dpdn and ftri&y examine any bale, trufs, cheft or other poettagd,- fo fee if the goods are right entered and endorfed 6n fife dbdqttC?;

if right, they and* if on fuch examination the fame shall befbuodto^tl^ht are to be re- cittcrc<} and endorfed, the fearcher shall at his Own chaTge&tfe the fame to be repacked ; which charge shall be' alto^fetftld (he Aid officer by the commissioners of the cuftomiif ttfcy'fWnk it reafonable.	, t j . ^ \

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority (dbwAid, That if upon View and examination by the proper Oflteefc^bf the customs it shall appear that all or any piCcedr pieceiof Khin which shall be entered for exportation, as intitled tOthC’botirtty

__	^	hereby granted, is or are of greater value than ofierfhfllfag and

Ee delivered on fix pence per yard, then and in fuch cafe, the exporter brTfeffer demand into 0f fuch ijncn for exportation, shall on demand maddfa^ritfdg by the cuftomer or collector and comptroller of the port #fte*c fuch goods or merchandises are entered, deliver tk caufe wrbe delivered, fo many pieces of foch linen as (haB be demanded1 by the faid officer, into his Majesty Ywarehoufe at the pbrt o£*fc-portation, for the ufe and benefit of the crown ; and ttpbtffach delivery, the cuftomer or collector of fuch port with the prhftv of the comptroller, (hall, out of any money in the hinds offach cuftomer or coUc&orarifirtg by cuftoriris or other duties bdong-irigto the crown, pay to fuch exporter or feller

thf

packed at bis charge.

Linens entered for the bounty of greater value than i s. 6d. per yard, to

the King's warehouse.



*756.3 Anna vitfcQmonano Gkqroii II. 15.	399

the vafotf c .foiJUog M»d :fiwen pence-par y»d, eakingra and1 s-? d. receipt for ;the femofrom fuch> exporter or feller for exportation, in full fatisfa&ion for the faidgoods, as if they had been fegu* fame, goods to larly. fpWs Uddthe refpediye commirtiooer* of the customs shall beafterward* cauf© tfiefsidgoods to be failily aad publickly fold for the beft IbldpubHckly, advantage.t and owt of tbe pjwluee thereof, the money fo paid or advanced as aforefaid, (haH be repaid: to fuch caftomer or col Ic^leKi yvith- thepeiyity of the comptroller, to be replaced to fqch fund* from whence the fame was borrowed; and If any10 replace the overplus (ha)l remain, after defraying the expences of fuch file, properfunda and the neqefiary charge* incident thereto^ one moiety of fuch OvwpJus how overplus lhall be;paid into bis Majesty’s exchequer to be made to be applied, part of the bulling fond, and the other moiety to the proper officers who shall have fearched and examined fuch linens.

V, And he it further eoaded by the authority aforefaid. Linens enter-T hat if any person or perfon* shall enter for exportation any *d at an w* luiqn at .any value, not exceeding the value of one (hilling and refufaUo be li pence peryard, and which, upon the view ami examination given up of the proper officers of the cuftoms, shall be thought to be of greater value than one (hilling and fix pence yard, and (haH, on demand made in writing by the cuftomer or collector, and comptroller of the port where fuch linen is entered for exportation, refufe to deliver, or caufe to be delivered, all or any of the pieces of fuch linen into his Majesty’s warehoofe at fuch potg, for the ufc and benefit of the crown, and to receive from the faid officers, of the customs at the faid port the Value of one	v

fhilliag and feven pence	per yard for fuch linen, in full fetisfoc-

ti.90 for .the; fame; or if the proper officers of the customs (haH, u ;>QB;Y»ftw tod examination, find any fuch linen which shall be entered for exportation at the value of fix pence per yard, or snd ^ |inen abov^ithat; value,, not exceeding eighteen pence ptr yand, to be found be u.?d«F tbft-vdue>of fix pence per yard, or which shall be entered under the Vast the. value of five pence pa yard, or above that value, and not 'u*r of jd. <*-a nountmg; to the value, of fix pence per yard,1 to be under the refpe^vefy, value of five pence per yard; or if fuch linen lhallbelefs inorlefsin ..qijantity thaa shall be expreffcd in the faid inderfement on- the quandtr-orj ..faid entry or coequet, pr shall not be of tbe breadth of twenty breadtb,rhan ,• five inches at the leaft j or if the fame shall be entered and in-	T.!

Y	dorfed under a wrong denomination, whereby the faid bounty, * t or any. part thereof, would have bran fraudulently obtained;

, .that them and in every fuch cafe, all fuch linen which shall be or entered tm.

■	fo refufcdtp be delivered, or. that shall be under the value of fix der a wrong

■	pence;per yard, or five pencoprr yard refpwftively, or (haH ap- denomination, pear to .be lefcin quantity than exprefied in fiicb indorfement,

Y	©r be, voder- the .breadth of twenty five inches, or entered and .indorfed under a wrong denomination, and alfb all the goods .: contained in all and every the package op packages indorfed on •.tsbefeid entry or cocqoet, shall be forfeited and loft, and (hall

r and may be fcixed by any officer or officers of »he<cuftoms; and ta.be thei owoer. br merchant shall lofe tbe benefit of receiving the *iv*1*'

; bounty	........ p 6

*	VI.	And



Linens rc-ianded to be forfeited,

with is. per yard.

Striped and

- chequered linens, fee. excepted.

Irifli linen re* cetving the bounty, ex-

400	Arw>,riccfmo noao GsMMCrUi C* tfrA CO%Sc:

VL A»d be it dfo fmtber eeati^ tl* ewNmigtiAwSiiiSfc That if any Britifit or Iri/b linen for whtcb tbe4o<)Ht.Sw^	-

been given or claimed, (ball be relaaded in Great InVWG A"tr lancL, or Tbt lfle of Man* the lame (ball be forijBtHd^&t'fPlQr--perfon concerned in bringing back er landing thfd’GMx.flhflft forfeit one (billing for every yard (b bmvgbt bacbwf,t9is<uto& -.•••

VII.	Provicfed always. That nothing -in this la&ppaiipmlL

(ball extend, or be conftrued to extend , to givc any lif—Hji mi any linens that are (Iriped or ehequered, or peietsidQ&WnftMk or made into buckrams or tilletings*	.	-	'jX

VIII.	Provided also, and be it further pnatted by.thfmHfracr* 7

rlty aforefaid, That no linen of the manufatture of he exported from Great	Britainfhall bc i(Hided to %;

portcr'to make unlefs fucb linen shall be, at the time of foch nrpwtiiliim dM: ;.i oath, that the property of a person or persons refiding in Great Brit09mi^tWkpQ property of *°me h*s Majesty’s colonies or phuatatioos in	to

wme person in the exporter or feller for exportation of fucb Iri/b fin*** 'ifcSeifM v Great Britain by required to make oath, before the proper- officereroffimp, of, • o» America, the customs of the port where fucb Iri/b linen shall bC'etMKOhfi -for exportation; which oath fuch officer or officer* hereby impowpred to adminifter.

Specie* of frith	IX. And be it emitted by the authority aforefaid* Ttm

linens except- fpecies of Iri/b linen made of flax and hemp, whereof thfrpiyo- -edfrom or bolt contains thirty eight yards in length, and tvKm^Fjfexxr-bounty* inches in breadth, and cloths of different lengths and brtfdtbs, -in proportion from number one to number ten inclufiv%; whtthf shall weigh fifteen pounds tveight or upwards, to. pounds weigbt9 as (he fame is defcfibed in an a&4md* un ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for further encouraging and regulating the mamifaftmeof Britjfc : fail cloth 5 and for the more effefiual fecuring the duties mm	,	t

on foreign fail cloth imported into this kingdom* (hatt not tied to any bounty or reward* by virtue or in confeqtKnco ad; any thing in this or any former a£t contained- HMh* «Q*sy . * trary in any wife hotwithftanding.

Bonds and X. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That aU , debentures bonds taken or to be taken, and debentures trtado or to be made*- *; excepted from purfuant to this ad, shall not be chargeable with any of the ftamp duties, duties upon ftampt vellum, parchment or paper ) any law or ftatute made or to be made to die contrary notwithAandiog^ >

XL And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid* trtiamSl That if m pert™ ^oath- by imprilbnment, retted to be made, and shall thereof be legally convicted so au on making •	of his Majesty’s courts of record in Great	, every fun*

falfe oath.	perfon shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds* and be im-

prifoned for twelve months.	.

XII.	And be it furtlier enatted by the authority aforefiud, urei'pen^tie. That the several (eizures, penalties and* forfeiture* wthisatt, and forfeiture, mentioned, shall and may be profecuted and determined by bill, may be profs- plaint or information, in any of bis. Majesty’s counts of fe*pi% cuted. at IVtfm»Jler%or in the court of Mi^equer ii^<JnifIc>dJ«^etth.. :

.	. ivlw



I	pTo»t«‘Wort', ^riV&ege,1 *agfer -OfHsirj t t

I or more than one imparfepweMhall beallowed; and ohe mofetir' \ v * , .** of the fekl leisures, perfeltfe# and* forfeitures1, foattbe;tofeh& 1 ufettf -fh#*Kmg,9 majefty; aftdtht ether rtdiety tofuch person y-or perfon^*# will fuc for 0t profeeiKerthe lamc^ and in cafe in conceml" Z any foch foit it Avail be iftedra qufcAion whether any fuch linen ing where li-" is of the ittlriufadure or febficfc of* Great Britain or Ireland, omens were ma- *•' of any foreign country, in fweh Cafe the Onus Probandi thereof nUfa^red,

(hall lie upon the exporter or fetter thereof foi* exportation. the cxoLrte^11 Xlir. And be it further enaAed by the authorfty aforefaid, ^ ^ ^

That from and after the fat#fwcnty fourth day of Jtine^ ho fub- rei^nrewiinen

fidy* outturn, rate, duty, Of other Impofition whatsoever, shall yarns import- .

be demanded* collefted, received or taken, upon any raw.or ed,

brown linen yarns, made of flax, and known by the names of

Dutch yarn and French yam* and of Sprtice or Mufcevia yarn,

or any other foreign raW or brotyri linen yarns made of flax,

which shall be imported into this kingdom; but that all fuch

linen yarns shall and may be imported duty-free, for the fpade r--

of fifteen years from the faad twenty fourth day of June, or at**c^rra 0£f

any time thereafter, before the end'of the then next session of X5 ycarf.

parliament; any former law, ftatute, or aft or efts of parlia-In cafe of

mem, to the contrary notwkhfendiftg: and in dafe any quef-3uetooivrelat-

tion foall arifeln refpeft of yarn imported duty free, whether

fuch yam be made of flax or not, the Onus Prebsndi shall lie to on the

upon the importer or clahner thereof/	importer.

XIV.7 Provided always, and be it further enafted by the au- *£1107 to be thority aforefaid. That a due entry shall be made of all fach^deof fuch foreign raw or brown linen yarns, atthecuftom-houfe belong- y*™* ing to the port into which the feme shall be imported, in fuch manner and form, and expreffing the quantities and fpecies of ' fuch raw or brown linen yams* astoere ufed and pfaftifed before^ the making of this aft; and fuch yam shall be landed in the n prefence of the proper officer or officers of the cuftditts appoint-ed for that purpofe ; and the importation thereof, be m (hips or importing, veflcls built in Great Britain, Ireland, dr his Majesty’s domi-? nions in America, and navigated according toLlaw; and If any1	a

perfon or persons upon the importation of any foreign rawotf*	>

brown linen yarn made of flax, (half no* obferve and perform7	1 tl ti ‘*v’

the'faid Conditions and direftiortt hereinbefore mentioned, ere- *Qn ^ ry fuch person (ball be liable^to and pay fdth and the fame du-which, duties ties, as fuch yarn would have been liable to, if this aft had not to be ppid..

been made; any thing imthis^ft contained to the contrary not-* ............*	.

withftanding;*	*	*	'*	;	*	*	*•

XV*. Ahd- be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, *_ * ^** That* if-*any- aftihn or’ftflt (hail be cbmrtiencedagainft anv per- o?aorom«lof-fon or persons for any thing done in purfuance of this aft, tbe/thisaft, defendant or defendants in any fochr aftion or ftiir may plead the may pfepl genefal iffoe, and grve'tWr aft and the fpeeial matter in evfj general iffna* r ^ deuce; #be Nd-thereupon; and that thefarmrwas ”	^	^

doife'hfputf'tt&ftteandby the*authority oftttfsaft; and if it	^	=

(haif*p^n^**have baffl'd*Re* the jurydhafl find for the de-;J	*	"

Rot, XXL	D d	fend-







S'

4P*

< - ■

and recover treble cofts.

Aqm vicofwvo noaQ-£*Of(^4Kr*iA6.	{T?zs*>

fcndant or defciuWt** ynd if tfettpUintiff rfodbhe nmfesitari, •	*•	-A’----^L-J^Ti^t,w^d^<Iih6i flnU

the defendant ataUtad-(hftventhbdik e fddie-hatb fee Anvo<ifc

,*>1 too

or difeontinue his a&ion, afterrthe . have appeared; ,os .if jud^afetui £ di& or demurrer again it the plaint ants shall and may reco dy for the fame, as any detendapton other cafes by law.	<„)

' C AP.'BCVf; ' '* ’if'i-uit) .noi’tt-K.}

An act to impovoer bis	Mafefly

; fait petre; and to enforce the loop fcpjnfpowqifog&U jefty to prohibit the	exportationaf

of arms or	ammunition; and alfo to	fo'pAft/ijty

to refrain the carrying coaftrvifi if fait or any fort of arms or	ammiimt •v«r,T<rnfn;rri yoe

J J	•	.1	'	:	ot ItmTjq 70 *31

HEREAS by the a Q of tennageond poundage.utode^

the twelfth year of the reign of tffeg- -Qharfol thti Secmtf pmer	is	expreftyreftrved to bis Mojejly to prohibit^ ahandufof paeh

times os heJbould fee cajtfey the tranjporting. ef, gunpHudeTl obi any fort of	arms or ammunition.,.into any parts out of bis.tiagdami.-mui

whereas fait petre is abfiluttly necejfary to the	igumpeimfat,

and	the publtckJafety may require temporary rcjtraikie. upoerMhej e*.

portation thereof at critical conjunctures; therefore-.tfopbewnqtnajl

doubts, be it hereby declared and enabled by.fho-iKan^eii excellent majefty, by and with the advice and CQofeartltffij the lords fpiritpal and temporal and commoesfo tfei* peSfcol,'£*r-Hls MafeAy liament aflembled, and by the authority invpowmd by Majesty may, by proclamation or onto in CQup4ifc>aebeni4ie ororfe^of"’ ^^l fcocaufe, and for fuch. time m shall beiheroiAIwipwfled, council, to prohibit the exporting, or attempting to ex|w«ti»^fe(p«tcbnet prohibit the of this kingdom, in fuch manner and Mnder foebintftritnarlas exportation of he shall think fit.	•	\	s	ti	nj tsup

fait petre. IJ. And it is hereby further ena&ed,. Tbatwbaileve*>gu»»-xonpowder **ty Qr quantities of fait petre, gunpowder, or any fort of arms armtToram-	°fammunition prohibited by proclamation or order.in council

munition, /tp be exported, shall be (hipped-or Wen -orbeefoanjRfhipW *liPPed afw veflel in any of the pqrt or porta of	ry fo	pfdgrfor

luch probibi* exportation, contrary to fuch proclamation or- order. ajl jii^Talt pdtre, gunpowder, or any fort of anns or ammunuir-to be forfeit- bifed by proclamation w order in council to be ex •d. Scc. " be forfeited, and may be fcized by warrantfrom ariy'-i „

or by any cuftom-noufe, impoft, or excife ofl»ce»p \adtf lthe and owner to owner or owners of fuch fait petre, guapowdef, or any fort of pay tool, for arms or ammunition prohibited by proclamation- or.-onifej in offuch ihk' co*mc'l to be exported, as shall be fo (hipped for export ‘ petre and (had feverally and refpedtively forfeit and pay the fura q gunpowder; hundred pounds for every hundred wd ghtoffelc^treW , .	powder, and fo in proportion for any ldfer quantity

»t ami. **.hundred pounds for every five Sod twenty arms; fewfofoprd-

v a g

®r





*75$J] 9AWK»VM«5r»y»rt)no GEORGn H. c: 17.	403

wfotoundtetf1 Weight of any f^ccles of ammunition, and 100I. for ■and fcxttrppSpottidrtfW an} lefTer quantity, prohibited by pro- eJ*2uCC‘ w*‘ cfamndowWWdW iivdoandl to be exported, fo (hipped for ex- munitton*m* pomatum uu.in. . . * ill.-Ah#' b^ft"ftmh«r dttadted, That if any person or per- *nd aider* ia Jo»4M) kburidirtg Orlit the (hipping or lading any fait petit, gunpowder,, or any fort of arms or ammunition for ex- ,0’ol and oe. portation, during the tinhe>'be To prohibited by prodama- t>ie value} tion or order in council, contrary to fuch proclamation or order, every fuch petforvfhall forfeit and pay one hundred pounds, and treble the wahie of fuch fah petre, gunpowder, or any fort of aMiwesMmflrttioti prohibited by proclamation or order in coun-vtfil tofocex ported.

IV..Provided al(bv ahd be it hereby further enadted, That if an the na* rahy matter of any (hip or veflel shall lade or take on board, or fuf- fter tool, ftr or permit to be laden or taken on board, any fait petre, gun-\powder, wy foft of arms or ammunition for exportation, during ,tbe time it shall be fo prohibited to be exported as aforefaid,

©veryCuoH mafter (hail forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds. viv-Vi PibtfMed always, ind be it further enadted by the autho-m* itatyafetafeid. That this adt, and every claufc, matter and thing hibned from , herein coo rained^ (half extend, and be conttrued tp extend, to being carried ioapdweriiiS Majesty to prohibit the (hipping of any fait petre, coa“*ife*

. gunpowder, of any fort of arms or ammunition, in order to be 'oanrisfrcoaftwlfl, m like manlier as he is by this adt impowered so pmhWnt the exportation of fait petre.

■vVI;' And it |s hereby'farther enadted, That the penalties be- Application vfar© imtbh adt rttrttioned and provided, shall be divided into qTtbe pwai* -Areeiflrrertil^'lMMts, two third parts thereof to his Majesty, his t«*». . .beirrand facceffors, and the Other third part thereof to fuch	V f>^’

ipetfon ot perlbfi* as shall feize or fue for the fame, by bill,	. '

plaint or InfOWrtation in arty of his Majesty’s courts of exchequer in Great Britain, wherein no eflbin, protedtion, or wager of lawi shall be allowed.

IP M'-i VM. ••

su„;,................  CAP.	XVII.

win aft toprevent bit	Majeftfs	fubjetl as of- . . -V,	-

'\ fk(Tt fadir the French King-, andfor the belter ettforc- •

1" ‘ ing an aft pajfed in	the ninth year of bis Mojefiy's

reigd, to'prevent the intijling bis Mayefiy'sfobje&s to ferve ,, A* foldiert without bis .Majtfty's licence j and for oblig-	-

dng■ fitebrof bitMaitfty'r fubjcSh at a mffwns in the Scotch Brigade, in the

gbnetai of the united provinces, to take the oaths of	>

glance qnd. abjuration.	,

fl^REAS divers afbhifajtftfs	been	in-	J	'	:if

"yy.ducedtejifrve-at enters wider the F reooh King, which prat- ;	,

tictfipiijpVit# the,dtfixmmr^<atuLis greattyprejudicial te ■	-

W(for.remedy thereof ;< be*# erratfed for the tCing s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice

Pda	and





Accepting of any military commiffion, &c. in the French King' fervite, without leave under the fign manual, felony.

Officers and fbldiersretui.n ing within a limited time to their duty andallegiance and taking, See. the oaths

exempted from penalties!

otherwife, they are liable to be adjudged of felony,

• and fuffer death.

9 Geo. a. c. 30

Anno vicefimonono Gkorgiiill* cwpA

and confent of the Iferd* fpiritUal aodtemporal, andootmnwtit, in th\i present parliament aflimbled; and bythp^authority the fame. That if any fubjedt of the crown of \Gnat$R*u&m+ from and after the firft day of Mayone thousand fevpniumdred and fifty fix, shall take or accept of any militaryoommTfiiou,.** otherwife enter into the military fervico pf the Rvari King^a* a commiflioned or nop commiflicmed officer, withpsUV lostnom j licence of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors* fieft tads^d ^ tained for that purpofe, under the fign

his heirs or fucceflors, every fach perfon/fo ofijBndtng/brroj* thereof lawfully convilted, (half be takety dirttirri judged to be guilty of felony, and shall fuffeedeathvas-i* cmfas of felony, without benefit of clergy.	: 1 eiduob bi£^

II.	And be it further ena&ed by tbe awhorit^afw^cud, That -if any commiflioned or non-commUBoned oraccrydriprivtft*

foldier (being a fubje6t of the crown of Great Britampvibot^o^ be now in the faid fervice, without his Majefty^sjttoenoai’firfitiaal and obtained as aforefaid, do and (hall, on or beforothetftofemy 9 ninth day of September one thou (and feven hundred dnib fifty ifc*

> ven, return into this kingdom, with intent to beaame/sndjkali become, a dutiful and faithful fubjedt to bis Majefty/ his beta* and fucceflors, and furrender himfclf to any one or mors o&Mt Majesty’s juftices of the peace within this kkigdom/taldithali within the time aforefaid, with good and fufficieatftvctM^eifo* jnto a fufficient recognizance to appear at the next general fizes, of general quarter fefiions of the peace to be bddfcr -Aw county in which he orthey shall fo furrender, ao4 fhatt at (kick general aflizes, or quarter feflions of the peace, take and fub-i feribe the oaths of allegiance and abjuration in open a>unv fuck officer or foldier shall from thenceforth be exert ptedv^xiTread from all offences, penalties and forfehuresrer^tedti^ tfct* a£t, or by any other adt, againft inlifting in foreign fervioe;- any thing in this adt, or in any former act, to the contrary thereof in ahy wife notwithftandmg.	. f

III.	And be it further enadted, That if any comtnvffioodd non-commiflioned officers or private ibldiers (iub^fts the crown of Great Britain) who are now m tte

the French King, shall remain and continue in fuch fervide^froof and after the faid twenty ninth day of September oncthoufimtf feven hundred and fifty feven, without leave or licence,frfcny his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, firft had and obtained. Under the fign manual of his Majesty, his heirs or fucbeflorsi>sB and every fuch persons and person fp offending} being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be taken, deemed and ad^dged tot* guilty of felony, and shall fuffer death as in cafesof felony, with-out benefit of clergy.	,	/	'	^	-

IV.	And whereas a praftiee has been introduced in order to rttair * and elude the provifeons made*by an aft puffed in thenimhyedr ff iii present Majefy's reigtfs intituled. An alt to prevent the lifting hi* Majesty’s fubjedts to ferve as foWicrs Without hisvM^cftyni K-sence, by hirings retaining^ or protmng Jut Ai^ejifp^l^eftfto

'	go

	I

Anno vittQnto nemo Gioroh IL qa7#	405

btyomdvtlb foai± or tmh*^	upon fair arrival**

bncQdi\4th\isdift and enter thtmfohesto ferve as foldUrs in foreign fervict& waboat alhmltygivittg them any inliJHng money at the time of their fo \ procuring themtogo abroad, with the inteutaforefaide atedr whereas m doubt has anofo* whether the fo hiring*, retaining or , , preciftingi hit Mijeftfs fnbjeflSi with intent te embark, and go be-jnuidith*;fo**r tobe tnhfiid when abroad to ferve as foldiers in fo-redgni forbiUs without oQuaifypaying to fuch perfon^ and their re-uitiing Jklifiihgi money berefromihe persons fo hiring, retaining or procuring* bh an uUifiing witbjn the meaning and intention of the /aid aQ of 4bt khtibef his pnefeni Mafejly> as to make fuch person liable loJko frouftiasbtind^pttialties of the /aid afl: for removing.the faid doubt, and for the more> effe&ually preventing a practice fo feigldy.detrimental to this kingdom ; be it declared and en-a£ted*wTihat. if any ftibje& of the crown of Great Britain hath Sul)j€^ engaged,7 cxmtraded or agreed, or shall engage, contrail or a- tra^bng gne6v within tbe kingdom of Great Britain or Irelandto go be- to mbit in fo* -.yondvtho ieas* or embark, with an intent and in order to inlift reign fernct* and /cntdri himfclf to ferve as a foldier in any foreign fervice, though inn inciting money be suSually paid to or received by biflM 4il if any person hath hired, retained, engaged or pro-and perfon* or.Aall hffc, retain, engage or procure any fubjed bis Majesty, bu heirs or fuccenors, though no miming money i;cence from hath been c* shall be actually paid to or received by him, to a- his Majesty, -gGCC ito. go beyond the leas* or embark, with an intent and in Older tohbe inlifted to ferve any foreign prince, date or potentate, as a-foldier, .without leave .or licence of his Majesty, his heics or (uccdTors, firft had and obtained for that purpofe, everv fitch: person fo offending, being thereof lawfully convided, shall be,adjudged to be guilty of felony, and shall iufter death as in ru^er cafes of Tdonv,. without benefit of clergy.,	death.

V..	Jndxahereas	it is highly	neeejfary that troops com?

jyfed of Britifh	juhjtfls and recruited in Great Britain, by his Ma-

jejly's ptrmijjiott,	Jhould not be permitted to enter into the fervice of

aety foreign pnotror flate.	whatfitver, without giving the fo-

If tunttftimny of the allegiance which they owe to his	Jocred Ada-	..

jtfty, be it further enaded by the authority aforefeid, That ,Wefb scatty of his Majesty’s Britijh fiibjeds (hall, from and after the cepting com, ' twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven hundred.and (if- miffions in ty-fm, accept of coromiffions in the corps in the fervice of their *h« Scotch lugb^rightitieflea the ftatea general of the united provinces, dif* ttUgpHbed-by ;tbe name of; The Scotch Brigades and who are not nera|, lervicej already in that fervice, every fuch person shall within fix mariths after the dale of fuch his, commiinon, take and fubferibe the t0 Ukr, &c. oaths, qf aikgiapcc and abjuration in one of his Majesty’s courts the oaths, , at	Wtjlmnjltr,or at the general aflizes or general quarter; feifions

of the peace to he holden for feme county, in that part pf Great	Britain c*AeA England,or in the court of fcflion, court of

jufticiary; court of exchequer, in that part, of Great Britain calledSffthfodi Orin.a (betiff ©rftewart court, or befpre the ju-pca^.gt their, quarter feffions there, or ip. the domi-t;	"	D	d 3 ‘	nions



 

406	[^6.

irtods of the item gohortij btforc KtoM^eflyfr’ririiriftertshmhi {who are hereby impowertd to adfciMfter 'web «eth»)H 'Mri every fochoflteer thaftwithin **unmth»»fterh4 hiH'. hqwe .	r .takeh and fabfcribcd fuch oath* asaft»reftid;mnftwtea wnWote

""certmciTe hereof lignftd by order of fechtourr, or perfbnos'psifowsdwv thereof, fore whom (he fame fhafl have been fo tafcttf ondvjbbfaiteli,?wo with the date before directed* together with an aeeountof fhedafoof&s COte-Of their com- miftioh, tohis Maiefty’s f«*mryats^forthe(biieWehi^ wflso “ary at » btreby required to regillsr the nsmesof ail fochufisers, and war, to be the dates of their coremlfsiens; and fiirit cumt; rir^peribri^ur regiftered, &c. persons, before whom filch oaths are taken and ffchfcribed^ art hereby required to give fuch certificate to cttiryfqeh ofk*r,«t oforefaid; and every fuch officer not now ih the Service tif’the ftates general, who shall accept of a commiftkm In'thrcorpuul-forefaid, and shall not take and fabfcribe the oaths afcrtfaid^and tranfmit a certificate thereof in manner before dfreftOdy flaril oei penalty of. an<j p,y the fom of five hundred pounds, tobe rmwhsdd 5 * - by aftion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in anyof'his Mbb jelly’s courts of record at fVefminJler, or in the court dNfcftfoU or exchequer in	Stotland; one moiety whereof fhtligo w thupdp-

fon or persons wbo Audi fueforthe fame, and theothfcrriiuiety to his Majesty, within one year after filch perftmfo offending shall come into Great Britain.	’ «	^	y

Offences com- VI. And be it further enafted by the authority tfofeftfcf, mittedwitbout That any offence againft this aft, though cothnritted Without tbi* realm, this realm, shall ami may bo alledced to be committed^ Uird Street Bri- maf ** ,aM> enquired of, and tried, in any county <rt Groat tain.	Britain.	'	,	,	.	.	^vy

„	•	.	VII.	Provided	always,	and	be	It	ensfted	by the authority d-

corruptbm of forefaid, That attainder for any offence made felodybyshfe Wood:	aft, shall make or work any corruption of Mood, ’fofs	dower, or difhetifoh of hrir or heirs*	•>*	hne	Imoq

.	.	cap.,xm	^

An aR to obviate a	doubtanfett tm- ah of} made in ibe In/tiftf-

fiori of parliament, intituled. An act for hdtef ’ vent debtors; arid fir reUef of Jhetiffs dhd yeSfrjPbf prifons, in refpeSl to efcapes.of fuch perfom vetued by the faid doubt from beingdifcharge

findU#. - * .-q.Mnq K' >»

WHEREAS by On aft paftd the led	pttrliomM,

intituled. An act for relief of infblvenr debthwjwfirlfi (amortgjl other things) emitted, That all Jbtriffi, gaabfn if tippers •of prifons in any county, riding, dtinjion, city, town OtodtmHf, within this kingdom, were	an exit'dt OlpduSbedktd	ffl

of the names of all	fiieb per font wh eh firfl'doy'ef jf«iiWfyT#lw

.	thoufand [even hundred and 'fi Werehr ttotr'deitdtl ftfiodj,

together with the names 6f the % '	were	detained,	and	deliver	the	fane	Upon i/ltftto Thi^fnfiites'fit'thnr

frji generator quarter ftjjtins to	MQMtTjt	ftft

■....-	*	i>	i	Mateo



A#iik)^ccfia»*K»oG8oiwni 0. C-i8.	407

MMh-MitkefafdJhten'btmdjydori fiw i as Upon	/bt'igtttti the fad ptifo** true copies of the faidlifis'Sfn

dtffi btfirik	fitkd fiffims ':mrf ft	Was therefurthefeuagiea, ,Tbdt

fa-fajmt\wfafeB*mes w*r.i\inferted in	end who at phi

tme-iniht.fad recited ■afrvmUPntd W actual tnj.fatiff Vr'/btriffs, gaoler orgtolers,deeper or taking- tSe tot by; and giving fiub notice to their creditors as the /aid Off r(fetreS, might he relufed and difibarged from their mprifon-Ittmtanhwktrcds'it was	inmoji fates impracticable for

gaohripar -deepen ofprifins .it deliver in	at the time direfiedJy

the fad o&v ds Ike. firfi, general or quarter feffions next qfter thirty fibfi day of March	onathmfand	fev hundred and fifty five,

Mashtldbtfer,e the /aid ait puffed into a lata: and whereas a doubt hep artlies htt her tbeju/Hees in any general or quarter feffions of tbt perne./. held for-any county, riding,divifion, city, town or liberty. Moultin',kbit’kingdom, bad, by the faid above	a power	to

iSifibeargt any< prjfidier or prifiners, at any general or quarter JeMMftqtop* to that held after the thirty	firfi day of March one - '

gbafartd^fiven hundred and fifty five; and -tfifafintrt hi'the jnfikesyin purfuance of	recited off, have

fam legal i and' whereas the jufiiees of. the peace for the county pah-jjfffffc d/Xancafter, by reafin of fuch	doubt,have abfolutely rtfufed

difeharge	thi prifiners in	the gaols of

'tssbithfhtfe'mny	Hkewift have happened in other places, whereby they

mt\flUl damned in a coauyosne prifon : and whereas [fitchdoubt theptfiices in many counties have proceeded to difeharge, and ‘•boot, difibargedprifiners from many gaols in this	at the

feffions held fubfiquetttto that held next after the thirty firfi Jtfahah hndtlsettfind feven hundred and fifty five; to obviate which .*toih6,?bo!«t shaded by the King's moft excellent majefty, by aruhwhb:tke.hdvftfe,md copfent of the lords fpiritualand temporal and commons in this prelent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of th? fame. That it shall and may be lawful . ft. to and for the juftices of the peace for any county, riding, di- thcir°quarter-Vtfbo^ekyv tsnm OT liberty* within this kingdom, at their feffions, may? Jgea^ndrfr quarter feffions of the, peace, to be held for fuch order prifon-Mu .riding, divifion, city, town or liberty, after the paff- er* ^ debt ?Pg o( this ad, or at any fubfequent general or quarter feffions be brought (within this time limited by the faid recited ad) to dired and before them, votdhr the fheriff or (heriffs, gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keep- to be difebarg-vrs of prifons, to bring up 4ny person or persons, Who was, or eJ °n tlleir .W«*ey in. their adual cuftody, on the fivft day of	qne	f°

thoufandifoven hundred and fifty five? and upon fuch prifafirr *a.

. tthd prifoners -purtoing the directions of the laid former a<5V, fuch ,juftiqet«>ay.{if they fee juft cauls) rekafe and difeharge fuch \ prdoaier or pnfoners from their imprifonment: any thing in this .or the faid formcr ad to the contrarynotwkhftanding-,-i IU Anfi be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That	far

tpcafe.atxyadjon has beqn, or shall bebroughtagainft any IbcriiF, |fca|)e ^ p,,.

- gaoler ’ an keeper of soy. prifon, on account of the efcape of fomr, who

any fuck prifooer fu detained asafqretaid, thedctendqot in fuch l,a(' complied < ,	■	Dd/	aiqinn	witli the re-

'* •*!*>.£	*Jd+	acnon»	citeilaft.





4*1	^niy>	ticefitnp	d&oft-

> f»fitw9,«ppn ptoof in^th^ <^,pfifoiyx>^^ltiPMPlM4»laikAir;

'as,in hitnilay,.with all the dlfea¥M&M^hlhr»*d • defamed in cpftpdy, only by reafonof the £aid;doo^t*i vfttfHl »dt liatkkosWfor ^Uble <0 sufvyer or mate faUafadUoft tp jibe BjaibHff.utOlMW tie «ftiuor 8reat«r amount than the value of thp.eftate a«P ;effe#ft,«op9p»f-effcfch,walled ed in the .fchedule given in and fweio.<Q>by <mA ®r fc)W*d (uant to the diredhons of the (aida#,Jn ade^iORhofcilbeH oUnTowrl aPPear t0 have been wafted or fecreted, <* the v^HlPPSfof»inuj«h fchedale. thereof as shall appear to have been wafted orfcqgmyfr -ftlfife-queqt to the time when fuch&heduk was delivered, Jo-^hftijJeck of the peace.	,	.	,	uj	moil

III.	And be it further enabled by, the tt&bo&yitfor&iiud*

■	That	all difcharges of prifoners by the jufticespfu^rpO*W*n

orifonen*in Purfuance °fthe herein before recited adt, ytherc fccboppJoBOr* purfuance of "ave complied with every direftion of the fald a#* 3ffi£«f0by the recit- declared to be good and legal difchaiges, to all.mt<ftK[Af!4iB!iF-ed a£t. decUr- pofes} and fuch juftices, and all IheritFs, gaolerfl*jfle§§es§ ^pf ed to be valid. prifons> and every other person or persons, adliesg.uiyjflr ,9% are hereby indemnified for what they may have.ftOOPtfflr; Bygft-ance thereof, in the lame manner as if no ftveh 4pt4^ntifd arifen.	,i	,:s3c)	oven

CAP. XIX.	;	mun	*bz\*

An	a 3to impower juftices of courts of record iUctiks-dutd

towns	corporate, liberties and frdnebifes, to fit '1in#f‘ibn

perfons who /ball be fummoned to ferve upon juric^iu'jjib court, and /ball ncglcft to attend,.	,	^

WHEREAS the city of London,

towns corporate, liberties	wMfih	tktt	Ifwy-

;	dm, have bp royal grants, or by	certain	cOWftnfttebrd

i	Mdenwitbtn	fuch	cities	and towns corporate, libertiesimdfwknihifts

■.c.	reffectively, jor the trial of aflions and foils ariftng WhhtHfhe limits

orjurifdi&ions of fuch cities and towns corporate, liberties nrjfbm-ehsfts refpediveiy: and whereas great inconvenfenttes and dehyvfne-quenthy happen to the fuitors in tbofe courts, by reafon thttjerftns duly impanelled and Jummoned te ferve upon juries in •jktbutemts, refufe or neglefl to appear and ferve whereas fuch inconveniencies and delays principally froeic iOOnt ef power in the judge or judges of fuch	, to	who

art mpamHed and fummoned to ferve upon juries, for the trial tf caufes depending in fuch courts, to attend, or te fine them fir attending: wherefore be it enaded by the King's' moft'enedfant majefty, by and with the advice and confent of tbbtortsfpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliaowm aflembiedy and by the authority of the fame, ThatfreoFftod after the twenty fourth day of Tyrone thousand Ifevth -frundml and fifty fix, every person duly impanelled and futtanbriedao p foJn ferve upon any jury for the trial of arty caofe to! betned <ia- any mhntdtokrve c00'1 of record,-holden or to be holden wifhhtp4h0<fiudtehy on juiie*. not of London, or In any other cityor town corporate,"liberiesor attending, franchifes, wwhrn the kingdom of Ee^/tftr/, who‘fhi(lbpca<appbar

and

 VjOOQle

<£&£] Aftfto	GboroitII.c. 19;	409

jury (*fttrb«mg Openly called IhXeetfimOSv ^wifoienfpitttf ftwirigmMeonoathof the perfeivlb makingde-'

J find thl^i rig be<ert dilyfommorted) (hatJ forfeit ahd pay for every to forfeit not dbctvhisidefettk, -filch fine WOt exceeding the sum of forty foil*- than** tmg^ Aor left than the foot of twenty (fellings, as thejudge or 1(M< qq]^ the judgsrafthe refpe&ive co«m wherein anyfuch default shall be coert be fed*. tt«ade,fhJtll, from time to time, deem reafonable to ijnpofe or fiedwitb foe fttytmleftfomejuft Caufofor foch defaulter’s abfence (heH be^””"-made appear by eath orftffldavit, to the fatisfaction of the judge or judged? the laid relpedtive courts wherein any fuch default foall front time to time be made.

’ H. And be i* further enadted by the authority aforefaid,That pine tenable ■ if»ny peflbr»«n whom any fine shall be impofed or fet in pur- by diftreftaad vf®ance!of this »<£t, (ball refufe to pay the fame to the person &c.

\ <ip persons dfoo'foall be authorized by the judge or judges who fofclf itftfttf&br let any (uch-fine, to receive the fame, ft Stall and tmay beiawful for the judge and judges who shall have impofed.

'■HP«t Ktiy fiifo fine, and he and they is and are hereby autho-'

-	rrzed attdt*eqUired, by warrant under his hand and feal, or their : frtnds and foals, to caafo all and every fuch finis which (hall

have been impofed or let by him or them as aforefaid, to be levied, from time to time, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels qf foe person or persons on whom any fuch fine shall , haye been fo impofed or let as aforefaid j and the overplus mo- Overptattobe ncy, if. any, which lhall remain after payment of fuch fine, and retained to deducting the reafonable charges of fuch diftrefs and fale, (halltae be rendered to the person or persons whofe goods and chattels foallhavp been fo diftrained and fold,

- III. Add be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Finctobepaifi

•	That every fine which shall be impofed or fet in purfuance of this^^^J^. Oft, foall* when received or levied, he paid by the person who be applied aa

: foal! receive or levy the fame, to the proper officer of the city other fine* of or .town corporate, liberty or franchife, in which the court or.court* courts Was or were holden, wherein fuch fine fo received or le-vied was impofed or fet j to be applied to fuch ufes, as iflues fet . oa jutaft, or other fines fet In courts holden within fiieh city or

*	fiown oorpopate* liberty or franchife, are by charter, prefeription •: or triage applicable.

v IV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Limitation of -That if any a&ion or (bit foaU be brought or commenced a* a“umfc gaiaft any person or persons for any thing done in purfuance of this aft, then and in every fuch cafe, fuch fitit or adtion shall be brought pr commenced within fix calendar months next after ..foe matter.complained of foall have been committed, and not . afterwards 1 and that the defendant or defendants io every fuch ’ a&ioet, 1 shall and may plead the general ifiuc, and give this act

-	and thcrlpeci*! matter in evidence, on any trial to be bad there- General LTus. upon; and that the fame was dene in purfuance, and by the authority'hepeof; and if upon the trial of any fuch adtion or ac-

1 tiara, the. jury foall find a verdict for the defendant or defendants^ or if. foe plfoitiff or plaintiffs foall become npnfuit, or "	'	difeontinue

 L,ooQle

Doable coftt.

itoitio >vi<j«f*no wma Gsq*6H'B» o*ioa

dUMMCinnc hiaur theta aAioa or o^ttoni > or if ufawdcmurtwy jwdgmeM 'fhsll be given' againft the pUintiff orptatartfft, defendant or defendant* (haul and may recover doabfe‘tbft$,'a#nl have the like remedy for the faint, a» any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts of (hit in Other cafes by law.

■	-	[CAt.xti •	^

An 48 fir ereftingy maintaining, and fupper tinges \ _ on tbe ijland of little Cumray, in the cwntyofty 1 the mouth of the river Clyde in North BriuteW rendering the navigation in the frith and rivejr pj more faje and commodious.

WHEREAS the entry into the river Clyde is ekfA^^JLf^ gerous, whereby Jhips are frequently in great bo&fjqf ttfg fiipwrtcked, efpenally in the night-time, which might in *xgreflt tpofy Jure be prevented by a light-hou/e on thefummit or fouth-weften^^ ~ the ijland 0/Little Cumray, which will be a publick benefit: whereat there are several Jboals and flats in the frith anfrider < Clyde, which if removed or marked out by beacons, would tenderly navigation more Jafe and commodious: and whereat there is 44 find provided for anfwering the purposes aforefaid: and whereas ihffaf ijland is the property of the right honourable Alexander earVpf Jfc. lintoun, which he holds under aJirift fettlement or taiheie, wheftfy be is refrained from alienating the fame, or any part thereof Unfa the ufual certification in fucb deeds offirift fettlementofirntaHn^and forfeiting bis right to the whole ejiate: and whereas the /aid earfjf willing that two acres of the feid ijland ^Little Cumray, liberty and privilege of a road or pajfage to the Jhore of the fmdyfm A Jhould be vtfied in truflets, for the ufes and purposes herj^n qftjef^ mentioned, to be holden in feu of him, and the other beiSs of jaij^ in the faid ejlates, on the payment of an annual feu-duty of iyvopo jfierling, and to execute fuch deeds as JbaH be thought necejfyrj i purpejt,	but the fame cannot be dont without the	oTpvtuif

runt', wherefore, may it pleafe your moft excellent Oujtify, .that it may be ene&ea, &c.	'	•^.rofTiifncrtoO	•

• * ' * : ;

Po*flr given to tbe carl of tglmdtom to grant at a certain rentfc a fen-charter of two acres of land on the ifend of Little Cumray, for atftiqt alight houfli; Feu doty to descend to the heirs of Tailaie.- Fropcttytof the (aid two acres vetted in trefte**. Truftcc* impowtred to appoW pah -per officers, and to allow them lalaries* alfo to ere6t a other neceflary works for rendering the navigation commodieof $ and nftfi fbch-ereftion, to demand id* per ton from veflfeis puffing the laid hoaft. Annual rent of 40s. to be paidtd the bid eari, to* d*t Of Use laid duties. Pain of 40 s* payable On anvars of the find maty ^ Proceedings of the truftces, and accounts of the receipts and disburlemonti of monies, to be entered in books. Truftces impowered to Ixirrow:money for the purposes of this aft, on the credit of the duties.- Vuf(tfcl>bat to.be cleared at the cuftofn-houfe, till a reoeiet be produefolthat sHeld duties ate paid. Duties may be levied* by di ft refs and tide.,.IThe (hips, &c. exempted from tbe dutk&Bui)diogi vetted in* aad toibelrpMr ed by the truftees. Proper fire in the. night feafon to be kept m the light houte, dec. Surplus to be applied, one fixthfbr improving the harbour of GcsenocH, and the rdkkwto the tmftxndng thS navigaunn above

Grpenock.

 CjOOQle

*•$$$*$	AnftovkjdfiMi tidfta OttflRWri i|t;vcj%f£-

Oi wmha f> Bwto teapb* aadtfnrlo tny Mutt'cbmjkiMt

way. civtt office's tatfUti'm

|Oimng,ilii«aaiB«vcn<u)iv ,.	,	i-i.\C

’■ ?	z*r; zn.

jfit aSt for imbdnking and frebrving certain fen lands and I&w rtomdsj called The Walhes, lying and being in the f&erab bartfhes of Suttort, Mepal, Witcham, Ely,

V Witdhford, ^Wentworth, Cdveney and Downham, in the lilt dfEty, and county of Cambridge; and of Blun-tiQiam with Erith in the county /Huntingdon.

AT3THEREAS certain fen lands and low grounds* part of the . ylT^Jreat level of the fens, commonly called The Wafhcs, tying dbi bonk th the feveralparifhes of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham,'EIy,

Witc^ford, Wentworth, Coveney and Downbam, in the Ifle of "cfyd county of Cambridge., and <a^ Bluntifhana with Eri(hr (nthecdunly /Huntingdon, containing in the whole fifteen hundred fait or thereabouts* the boundaries whereof are as follmeth \ that if td faf Beginning at a bank called The old Bedford Bank, and fi&nt thence oyer The old Bedford River, below The Nine Holes "Sluice, ri? Eatith Drove; and from thence to the /aid drove to the upper end if Blunti(ham fchool ground> and acrofs the upper end of the faid fchool ground to The Hundred Feet, or New Bedford R*-y/fiti and from thence by the weft fide of the faid Hundred Feet, or New Retford River, to Richard Harrifon’j waft?* below Ox Willow Load, and then along the Jaid load, to the Old Bedford Bank, arid fo along the eajl fide of the faid bank to The nine Holes Sluice of or efaid* are\ except certain parts or parcels thereof* which are te)rein mer aeferibei and excepted* fubjtd to be overflowed by tides ^6nd fmnl fre/hes* and are in danger of being rendered ufeleft* to the great damage and impoveri/bment of the owners and Proprietors of Juch ground■ and to the lofs of the pubtick; may it therefore pleat youf mod excellent Majesty, that it may be cna<ftcd> (do* . 2

Commiffioners impowered to irabank the rivef, andlay tunnels, mikihfe fatisfa&ion for damages. Differences to be adjufted at the Quarter ftffi-cot. Commiffioners are to meet twice a year, and make orders contending tbe divining and preferving the low grounds, and fa appoint proper tomeere, itfho art to give feeurity. Where ditches shall be filled up, pofb and tails are to be eteSted. Aiv acre tat, not exceeding i s. 6d. to be dftid on the fens and low grounds, for th* two fir ft years) and for every year after, not exceeding ti. per acre* Days for payment to be appointed* Proprietors of the crops of hay on Middle Moors, ro pay two thirds Of the tax, and the ledges one third. Commiffioners may borrow sMtoey and fcfflgn over the taxes. The taxes may be levied by diftrefs and (Me. Tenants Co pay the tax, which is to be allowed iti their rent; except where there is a leafe fubfilHng of three or more years. Penalty of making a way over the walhes. Owners negte&ing to (hour their dikes, and lay proper tunnels, after notice, collectors may caufethe fame to be done, and levy the charge. Penalty of damaging the banks. For Ant of cftftrtfs offender to be committed; ’ Accounts to be audited yearly$ offl-osmto Wttdnd, add verify tbe feme on oath. Accounts when palled to he entered in two fets of books, fee. Tunnels for taking water out of the rim into the watoes, not to be laid moretbantwo feet below the furfoc£.

■J •	>	Da



4**

Anno v&dlmaiwnoC^HQirR;

G*.deitfk,&C4 of coramUfamcrs, oto to be chofciu MttMhicWtem:

nuiTiopsr* npt tp exceed thirty Qncr, ElcSiom to beregifore& Q^ii6^ cation of commiflioners. Relervation of the rights of the coofi^rvatpn of Bedford Level.	v	„	'

cap. xm	;

A* all for draining, and prtferving certain fen-lands- in the . Ifie of Ely and county of Norfolk,	Hun-

dred Foot River and the Oufe, and « by the bard lands of Mepall, Wicham, Weritwprtfa, Wichford, Ely, Downham and Littleport; dt^ffog. iutr.. powering the governor bailiffs and commonalty of	fctl

pony of confcrvators of the.great level of the finsy/fodo^ . manly called Bedford Level, to fell certain lands *#) within the lamts aforefaidy commonly called Ih,vcft«r’ Lands.	.	’ fif

> .	I tXiL-

WHEREAS certain fen lands and low grounds lying: and he^ ing in the fevered parijbes of Mepall, Wicham, GoVeocy^d Wentworth, Wichford, Downham and Littleport, endisibt townjbip of Ely in the Ifie of Ely and county of Cambridge’; *ml alfoin theparijl 0/^Welney in the faid ifle% and county ^Norfolk*?* and <dfo in the parijbes of Southery, Helgay and Denver in the find county of Norfolk ; containing in the whole eighteen thousand acres*' or thereabouts, and which are bounded as follows; that is to fay* From the fouih bank of New Bedford River, commonly tailed the Hundred Feet Bank, at the bottom */Mepall Green along tier edge of the faid green and skirts of the high lands, to a certain place called Wxehzm Hive or Hithe; and from thence along the skirts of . the hhb lands to the bottom of Wolbey Hill; and from tbebcerouhd the edge of the high lands to Grunty Fen Drain near Wichford towns end; and crojfing the faid drain> along the fide oftbe high A lands to Beale Farm at the bottom of Ely Field; and fratn jbentst-round the skirts of the high lands oft*ly and Downham to q Uriahs r place called Downham Hive or Hithe; and from thence alongiha\ fide of the high lands. to Weftxnoor Bridge, and fa tf/^GrdrUy;: Fen Drain to a certain place* called Witches Comer; emd frwm' thence by the skirts of the high lands 0/* Downham and Chetthhakti to the bottom a/’Chettifham Wood Clofes, now called Woodhouft'. F arm; and along the bottom of the faid farm to a certain houfa called Woods End Houfe; and from the find boufe along the skirts efibe^ high lands to Littleport Caufeway; and along the faid tdufewaytor the hard lands at the bottom of Littleport Field; and then round tier bottom of the faid field and hard lands ^Littleport to acertaithplaa a called Littleport Knoll, and fio round the edge of the fitid krblii-and along the skirts of the high lands to an ancient fewer y called the > Croft River; and then along the north bank of the faid firuikr tar the weft bank of the river Oufe, at a place called Littleport Chair $V and from thence along the faid weft bank of the river Oufiriv. ver Sluice; and from the faid fluice along the fiouth bank Bedford River to the bottom of Mmll Green aforefaidy'ttxcbptJhe^

imbanked

 kjOOQle

175^*3;	A^no vicefmJOJwno.GBOUDnII* a*. 41	f

imbmM t*mUs formerly of Edmond SkipwMi efouire {meoitfr

longing to Viner Small efqutre) lying on the north fide of the river

Oufc ; are frequently very much annoyed with waters,■ through the^

defc6l of their outfalls to feal ty the great damage and impoverishment,

of the owners of fuch lands, and of the inhabitants of the fever al

parijhes ahd places where the fame do lie: and whereas the Jaid fen-

lands apdJqyo grounds cannot, he drained and preferved without the

aid of parliament ; may it therefore pleafe your, Majefty* that it

may be ena&ed ; and be it eftadted by the King’s moft excels

lent irlajefty, Toy and with, the advice and confent of the lords

fpiritual and'temporal and commons in this present parliament .

aflemhled, and by the authority of the fame. That ttie loVd

bifhop of\Eiy far the time being, the lord or lords, lady or h- Commiffionert

die* pf	Jeyerai and refpcdlive manors of Coventy, Lsttlepert,

ZfpttftU, fyutbfry and Denver for the time beiqg, or in their ab- }£r th£ feveJ^| fence, their several and refpedtive fte wards or agents appointed places toexe-tinder their hands; an agent appointed by the dean and chaptfr,cute the ad. of Ely under their common feal; every person who for the ti*\0 being shall be, bona fide, feifed or poflefled in his or her owi\ rijght of mo hundred acres of land, fubjedt to be taxed by virtue of this alt, lying within the limits above defcribed ; or in » thc abfence of fuch person or persons, his, her or their agent’ ot agents appointed under their hands; together with five per-.

Ipns, being owners of lands lying within the townftiip of Ely two pdfons, being owners of lands lying in the parim of Wi cham; feven persons, being owners of lands lying in the parish of Coveney; two persons, being owners of lands lying in the pa-rifh df IVichford; twenty two persons, being owners of lands lying the parish of Downham-, twenty persons, being owners 1 of lands lying in the parish of Littleport\ fix persons, being owners oflands lying in the parish of Welney ; feven persons, bdpg oWndrs of lands lying in the parifli of Southery; nineteen persons, being owners of lands lying in the parish of tielgay; and one perfon, being an owner of lands lying in the parish of Denver ; to be refpe<ftively chofen as herein after is diredied, shall be commiflioners to put this present adt, and all the power* and authorities herein after mentioned, in execution.

ilf. Aod be it further ertadted, That William Cole efqpire. The firft ccm-Cbartes Nalfon Cole efquire,7^tf Morley, Jonathan Page, and John miffioner* ;fbr Drager gentlemen, shall be the firft commiflioners for the faiipi^*Cral townfhip of Ely ; Anthony Gregory and IVilliam Salerton. gentle-, men, shall be the firft commiflioners for the faid parilh of Wt~ cham; the reverend mafter Thomas Neale, George Clay, IVilliam Clay, Robert Morling, William Sanxter, William Mujgrave and Abraham Biggs, shall be the firft commiflioners for tne parish of Covertey; George Peacock and John Cave shall be the firft commiffio-ners for the laid parifti of IVichford; Francis Topham jnd Dingley Askham dfquire, the reverend mafter Thomas Jones, John Lcaford,

John Ttngey, Francis Tingey, Robert AJpland, John Leaf ora iu-TMVZftVilbam Cole the elder, Anthony South, Jofeph DenJlcn, .

Richard • //#&#, Edward Mttrtiny Robert Rayner, Ruborf ,	Grimditcb



4*4

Their continuance.

Future com-miflioners to be chokn annually.

Anno vldefane mmo'Simoii IL

Grimditsh Hnibr, PheStpCaWiberne, Mitch Cole, fFWib'fk £Jthg~ man feniory jtba EHtngton, Francis Moxon, Philip Nothin ilfi4 Robert Clarity shall feethe firth cpmniiflioners for the raid bflfiQ% of Downhm; 'Job* PgrteHcbe efou	Me/tderi,	Henry

Morley junior,	A/hley,Jjcn	Berber,	John Ldve, gen He-

men, the reverend mafter RictariJohn BeMt 'ReyneF? Robert	Crabb fenior, Robert Cretbb junior, John QutlAih,'

Clarke, Ik ilium DiHamore., Robert Staton,

Crabby Henry fPadelow, Thomas Priory Thomas Gttobed airidjrafi* Lough, shall be the firft commissioners for the fai<} pifrUh tleport; Wiliam Greaves,	Mart, efquirfcs, GabitTBtotfl

Robinfm,John	Scott and fhall" bethe

firft com miflioners for rhefaid parish of Wtlney; ltyjto* Burdet baronet, Aunger Peacock'edapsnt, yohn fVaMingtc/n, Henry Robinfon,	Abraham Murphet, Gregorand

(hall be the firft commissioners for the faid parish of SotttBeHH Sir Cecil I Pray baronet. Sir Thomas Drury baronet, binfon Morris, Henry Morley, Matthew Wildbore, Thorhai dington and Edward Pratt, efquires, George	’	WlUiem

Galloway, IJaac Cockram, Thomas Wafenham,	Eatbn,'Chrid

fopher	Galloway,Henry	Mayer, Robert Feaji, Henry Tanffey,

IVhitred, Wiliam Nix and George Sottth, shall be the firft com* miflioners for the faid parish of	;	and	the reverend'$<3^

mud Sedmm, D. D. shall be the firft commlflioner for the iahfc parish of Denver: and that the faid persons (half continue doits* miflioners for the faid towns and parifhes refpeftivefv, until the Friday after the second Sunday in the tnonth of April ohp thousand feren hundred ahd fifty feven ; and that bll fuch pet-fons as are bona fide feifed or pofrcfled in theirbwn rights Or tejjr acres of land, fubjeft to be taxed bv Virtue of this adf, lyirt within the faid townfhip of Ely, shall meet at theftnre-hdiV in Ely-, and all foch persons as are fide' feifed oTpofien in their own right, of ten acres of like taxable lands, lying iff't several parifhes of	Mepalf, Wcham, Coveney, Wentworth, WtclR

ford,	Downbam,	Littkport, Welney, Southery, Helgay and Denver?

refpethvely, shall meet in their refpedlive parish chuwh^s, upfetj? the Friday next after the second Sunday in the month of jprtlyw • rite year of our Lord one thousand (even hundred and'fifty fa-' •yen, and upon the Friday next after the second Sunday in AftU m every fucceeding year; and lhall choose fo many perforts: ttf be commissioners for the faid towns and parifhes refpe<ftiveijv as are herein before appointed to be commissioners for thdfiuZP towns and parifhes refpeftively: and in cafe the persons whef are to choose commissioners for the townfhip of or for an|> of the parifhes aforefaid, shall negleCt to meet in any year at the1 time appointed for fuch elections, or shall not choose coihmiffipw: nera accordingly, then the persons who were comrtiiflioners raP the (aid townfhip or parish in the preceding year, shall cehtinW commissioners for the fame, until other com miflioners1 be jehofen as aforefaid, upon the Friday after the second 'in Aprilinthenextor feme focceedbig'year,	-"vnulJ V-: 10

III.	Provided



iy$60	Anna viddfimo :noaek> GaoROfftfL.' Ct-aaA	414

JIB, Provided. atway*, andbe it further enaffirdy That ndTh^ir qualifl-jusrfonfhalf be enabled to.ad,.fit or meet u a oonunHBomr for catlon‘ afiy of jfe* porpefes of thiraft, unle&be shall be thereat owife or of twenty acres -of - liketaxable lands, within the faidfmS and lata grounds, boundedapd deferibed as aforefaid; except das faidloed tnflKip of f^,; and the. lord or lords, lady or ladies, 06 Exception, the several and refpe&We manors of Cwauy, littleporty UpwtH and Sofitbtrj^ for the time being, or his, her or their refpeftivo lie wards or agents, the agent ^of the dean and chapter of Efyi and tbe-foverai and refpe&ive agents of fuch peribns as shall be polleflfedofrwo hundred acres of taxable lands as aforefaid, and fbmaoneof the truftees of the poors land belonging to each of tbc tawnaof E!)Wtinty^ and Htlgoy refpe<£lively.

„ IV. And be it further enabled. That the laid oommiffiooers, Commiffion-or their fucceft>rs, or any thirteen or more of them, shall twicoers to meet m every year, to wit, upon the laft Wedntfday in Jpril> arid lift1 wicein e.vtIT IfodntjdtyinOtttbtr, or ofiner, as they fee eaufe, meet affome|^^a^r* publrckHoufe in Ely-, Covtnty, Dntmbntn tht IJU, Uuleptrt or flelgeyi tp be appointed by the faid commissioners, or any thir*< teen or more or them; the firft general meeting to he at thoFirftgeaerd fhirg-houfe in Ely, upon the tiut& Friday after the palling of this ■aeetiog. a&; and at Aich meeting shall have full power and authority to ipake orders, and give diredhons, for the better and mare om derly management of the work of draining the faid fans and loaf grounds, and- for making proper cuts, drains, dams, tunnels and outlets through the lame, and for making and eredtingptou pec works and engines thereupon, and for the maintenance thereof & and alfo to appoint one or more collector or coUe&oesv receiver or receivers, or fuch other proper officer or officers, a*Commiffion-they thp faid commissioners (ball think fit, for taking care- of er?i*o.„ppoinj %h W9flo, and for collecting the rates or afldfiaients which other officer** Ipall be made or aflefled for the maintenance thereof) and to	*

adlow arid appoint to be paid 10 fuch officers^ out of thc&id) i^tes and afieffmeats, fuch yearly or other wages and falariesy for their trouble and pains in their refpedtive offices,- as the laid commiffioners* or any thirteen of them present at fuch meetingy shall think reafonable; which Ibidcolledtov or collectors, re-: who are to be ceivetor receivers, or other officer or . officers, to be appointed’ as removable, aforefaid, maybe altered and removed at the wiU and plea faro of the hid commissioners, or ahy thirteen of them afiembled at: fuph.meeting or meetings- to be held as aforefaid,. and another qt others cholen and appointed in, his or their room and dead, as occafion shall require \ and fuch oolkdlor or coUeftors, re- atuj t0 driver or, receivers, to be named and appointed as. aforefaid* fecurity. Iftall, before- they a& in- theexecution of them fevtral offices,-give fuch fecurity for the due execution of fuch their refpedives offices, and for performing rite fevered trufts to them coromittod^ as- thefaid commissioners, op *ay thirteen of them then pne&oty , dull;k>-tbeirdiftretion think fit:	.:••••’	v

;,Vr Apd;be U. -fuftherentuSed* That the faid; eommiffioners, x^ommiffion -or any thirteen or more of thedj, or. their Jucoefihcs, Quiii bat^rs impowered !»LWot«I .IU	'	full	to	make	cun.

n: ■ > rnuio 1 . *3f Jllturt , n > vj





4*6

Amto Vicefimo hoj»6 0SdRtf!fil.'c.



damages;

take deter-

&c\ •**:IJrdR fuff power ahd authority, from timefd time be droning the an<* pl*3ftnres,* tomake fuch cuts, drains, damk,1 lands.	lets, through the faid fens and low grounds, W 2

’ 6f, fo bounded and deferibed as aforefaid, amf wja works and engines thereupon, for draining andW ‘ ‘ Waters from the fame, as shall bethobgbt	v,	^	r

venient, by the faid comtniffionens, or any tftirred^ p? them, at the meeting or meetings td be hrMarffen^ appointed for the purposes aforefaid.	; ter, svjuI pnt

Satisfaction to VI. Provided always, Thar if the faidconrmiffioc be made for make, or caufe to be made, any cut, drain, dam,"

let, through any several grounds, or ere# any tttw works thereupon, then they (half pay a reafonabJtjaS to the jperfon or persons who hath or hate a rigtti^ fo fcf^fe i through which fuch cut, drain, dam, tunnel pr made, or whereupon fuch work or works, engiqe shall be fcre#ed, for the damages fuch person or peribof i fuftairi, and as shall be agreed upon between the &kfqoth( fioners, or any thirteen or more of them, and the jjetfon^p persons having (uch right as aforefaid; and if the firitfttfolfmj wined, in cafe fioners, or any thirteen or more of them, and ‘ fuch p ot difference, perfons> cannot agree about the amount of fuch d^ma ^ffiVns?Uartei tJien the ^amc fballBe affeffed, adjudged, and finally det

by the justices of the peace, or the major part of them, at 1 next general or quarter fefiion of the peace to be hchfjbrt faid Ifle of Ely, or county ^'Cambridge.	ft

VII. And whereas a confiderable part of the faid fmdhi&a0g low grounds, lying near the fkirts of the high lands, are rrmhedgketf^ in their fituatitmfhah the reft, and if the fewers lie in common, apprehf tided, may he ntade too dry, by fuch~ time as the lewtjft I are ivtll drained; therefore for avoiding this inconvenience, it further eftatfed/ That it shall be lawful fbr the faid ccmttjril

_________ (toners, or any thirteen or more ofthero, to ere# fuch l__________

prevent the or overfalls, at proper places, in the drains and dike^leadinif hich^andi *** ®rom t*1® *anc^s> as they the faid cbmmiflioners (hall; iir from being difererion, judge neceflary to keep up a fufficient head of wateav mo dry. - for the fervice of fuch bordering lands.	>c***t$f

CommifTionert VIII. And be it further en*£te\ That at all and every dr mflF* impoWered to fuch meeting or meetings to be held as aforefaid, it shall belaW^' lay a tax for ful for the faid commissioners, or any thirteen or more of rheifffi draining the to 2fkfo, rate, tax and charge, all and every the refpedtive owMft or owners, occupier or occupiers, of all and (itigular the £m fen lands and low grounds, fo bounded and deferibed *3 afore-* faid, by an equal and proportionable tax, in any fate or fiItWgf not exceeding one (hilling per acre for each year, for cattyfrijir on and effe#ing the faid work of draining and maintaining them fame •, and to limit and appoint fuch certain days and* place*for* the rcfpefiive payments erffuch tax to the colfoftor or colle^iwr receiver or receivers, for the time being, as they the faid do*n$ niifTtoners, or any thirteen or more of them, under theirhatrfi^ shall dire# and appoint,	^\‘*V

Provihon to be made to

lands.





An*o 'wcffiow.BW G*a*au II. c*ap*;	+tf

.!& Tiyi(Ud« I way, tort he. it eoafted, That the, tax. lb to **•*• ««*»»; 84*

be	and charged,. Dull not be lefs than eight pence P" ***** *41

per.aa* in eaph year, until all the money which lhalT be bor- bwrowed'ha * flQiraj faE^e-purpcfesaf this a<%, with the interest thereof, pul shall be difchargea.

. X. Bjcnvided. always. That no aflelTment, rate or fax, shall ProyMbtoneti-b«’m*fe,coIU&ed or levied, upon any lands, being part of the inK common* kuvU-Mitnded and delcribed as aforefaid, which are high lands,

•hd have not been fubje& to inundations; and that no alTeff- Latidtex-SWBfe rate or tax, (hall, during the firft five years after the ^P**1 _for *■ maxing of thisaA, be made, collected or levied, upon any lands cert*m erm* withia the limits 'above-mentioned, which are now fo dug out into boda’tK turf pods, fo as to be atpr?fent of noufe; neither other lands frail aqy ifleffinent, rate or tax be made, colleded or levied, exempted upon itho imbankad lands of John Parteruhe, efquire, known by .the name of Willow Raw Farms; nor upon the imbanked lands of Jtku Piit, eiquire, called The Chain Farm in Uttleport aforefaid»- for fo long time only as the owners or occupiers of thole lands cdpc&ivdy shall keep and maintain the refpedive	*

banks no* kept and maintained by them, of a fufficient height tP.keep the watejra (except fiich. waters as shall overflow by a	1

btfarh of the corporation banka) draining from the lands which	1

are defended by the laid banks, from overflowing into the lands without the bid banks.

, -XL Provided aUh, That it shall not be lawful for the faid Coramiffionert pomniiSoncra to make any aits, drabs, dams, tunnels-or out-lc(i, through the (aid imoanked lands of John Partericbe, or

Pile, acquires ; or to tre& any work or engine thereupon, they shall be y for Co longtime as the owners or occupiers of thole lands shall kept imbank-keep and maintain their rcfbe6Uve banks aforelaid.

JCIL Provided always. That no tax shall be aflefled, rated or High leads charged, upon the bordering or other high lands, particularly •XCfnPtod* de&nbed in the fchedule to tbs ad annexed; but all fuch lands (hail be for ever exempted from all taxes to be aflefled, rated or charged* tqr virtue of this ad.

- XXil. And whereas in the faid fchedule all lands may not be pifpute eon- f included that ought to be exempted from fuch taxes; be it fur- ceroing the* enaded. That if any difpute shall arife concerning any of l™ds» fuch lands (not mentioned in the faid fchedule) being to be^^^c^, deemed or not deemed high lands, the fame shall be determined, mi.T»oncrs* upon view, by thirteen or more of the faid commiflioners.

JXi V. And whereas there is a certain tragi of fen land lying within the. townjbip of Ely, parcel of the within deferibed difirift, containing by estimation three hundred and ten acres ^ or thereabouts, which is coiled The Poors Lands, and made ufe of only by the poor inhabitants f the parifbes of Trinity and Saint Mary's in Ely, for the purposes of fuel, who dig their winter's firing therein, and have fo done for near one hundred years lajl pajl: and whereas the charging thefeud lands with fuch tax, as is herein impofed on other kmdff Comprifed within the difirift^ ate hereby taxed with, would be taxing them more than they are al>le to. pay, prevent them from the

<^03m XXL	E	e	enjoyment







AmgjvlddlimD «oacv GwtrcmiiIL icannK	[rn$5&

evjojmtMif ftmiujjtoj d rtiitfy an&mi*» tbt>miftv}

Moiety only of duflrioui ptor fomiiit;; it iS‘hefetyfurtHer«na£to4^ Tmhf'WWi •u-	mhfiotiers	under	rtos	u£t	(halinttfcflay	otJitttpbfe) lAONM^ttt

bail the tax on tbe &id laftds, whkhthey Uy or^pofeoh'Otbar lands wkhin the diftri<&	]	* :*IJ !J‘	*k-

i XV. AttdwJjsreafdivtrs ptrftot li&vt bm WthMtpmttBf banking fivtrai lands w 'ub'in the iMktafbrffotdi^ far draining the famr; therefore foCcftfeteftffiotiof*foch^eWpc^ctfi be it enacted by the authority afore find, That tf all	(W

nelson their pcrfons having fuoh banka and milts, 4hali at thefirft^iTeefc^ lands, furren- meeting of the cOmmiffioners for putting this dering the	Surrender up and refign to the fold commiQlohetBy altfilldttfthil*

exempt- or miUs as to them respectively ‘ belong, ta bewldwdt^m^alrf « °ra e jifpogjj of by the fakt commHfidners, toward* carry iHg'	«hi

work of draining the faid fen land*,bourxtedurid wdribd^W aforefeid, any fuch person or persons fo delivering or mills, fball be freed and difeharged from any ta^Wl^iftf^ pofed upon the lands ib imbanked and milted ‘bf vrflu^'if; tfcfa aft, for the firfl: five years after the fame takes	ilfo

that certain loir lands in Pymaor, belonging to ftfiHmWit&vtkflfy containing one hundred and < fourteen acre%1 at: thetouoob#* (which have been dug out info turf) (hah bc exempte^ frdttr fueh, taxes as aforefaid, during the faid term of ftW^e&r*. rbaU XVL And to the end that a fufficient fom of^OW^Whjyb^ fpefedily raHed for the piarpofes of this a<3; be it forthel^ea^bdil Taxes aflign- That the faid eommiflioners, or any thirteen w*niBte bP able formoncy shall have fuH power and authority, from to be borrow- jng un<jer their hands and feals, to affign ovir^tHe^feklT^rt^ "	rates	and	taxes	hereby chargeable, or to

faid fen lands and low grounds, fo deferrbed every or any part thereof {xht ccfts and Charges1 ment to be paidoUt of. tbe faid' ta*) *S afocOvity'^fc^y mi1 or foma of money by them to be botrdwCdfo# the! gjiShrofe^-forefaid, to fuch person or pcrfons, <st -iftiteh-advance or lend the feme, to fecute th* repayment intereft, not exceeding legal ititereft; which feSd dftbhef fo'ber*1 Application of rowed, shall be applied, in the^firft place, ^olpay‘atid^eiftSrf¥(# empney.	^ Spences-of obtaining this a<ft of parliament,! arfd tlfefci1(mw'

**' *	(	be	applied	and	difpofed of in making fuch cuts1,

'tunnels and outlets, and eroding foth works arid*Jbrt^ineS^iS1 shall be necessary for draining and improving the4& low grounds4 before-mentrondd, and to no cihtr ufe^r^r^fe^ whatfoever. ••	^	■	“	'	'* riiin iU

the tax to be laid on the Poors Lands.

Perfonshav-

banks and

tax for five years.

Low lands in Pymoor exempted for the faid term.

f

Taxes to be XVII. And be it further enfa&ed, That if anypeHbhJCfrjf)a^ levied in de- fone, rated and taxed as aforefaid, shall refute pr'tit^e&^te1 fault of pay- .^y tfoe ,^te of tax charged opbtl him, her or thefo

8	ly,	within	the	fpace	of twenty one days after the feft^ftfv^ffiileftc

of payment, to be appointed^ the fekl <x>tTmrtfflfoneW^tiblibkfe notice thereof behtg affixed upon the market crofi? the cdledor or eollo&ors, receiVer^^or rece^vier^^HW^ being) it fliall be lawful for filch eblledor or coiledtors, receiver

or



4*9

igma.vifldfin»>i»miQ»GEQRaiilH* C;.aai

or for any other pverfpps, by virtue of any warrant of precept, judder the bands and feate,of five or more of the.com* nii£pOltr»T ( which Cud warrant or .preempt .fuch commiflioners,	f

»■ #ny .five C^okm* of them* thereby impowered and require	1	u	.	^

id,	from time to time, to make, as occasion shall require) to

ie.	vy the futaor Aims fo afleflfcd and rated upon any goods and chattels which (haU bye found upon all or any of the. grounds and prjeaaifie&fp charged with any fuch fum or Turns of money, and

:b^ gpods^aod chattels fodifirained to keep by the fpace of five	'

days, .ptj .the. eoflbs and charges of the owner or owners thereof pnd if J^/aijdpwne* or owners shall not, within tl)e faid fpace af, five d?y$s pay the ftimior lams So aflefled or rated, that then gn<*k ao4iCbattels fo diftrained (lull be appraifed by two or pnoro <of the inhabitants of the parilh where the fame shall be Utfceu), or by other fuffident persons, and shall be fold by the £fidiCo|lq<ftar>or cojle&orjs, receiver or receivers, for payment of the (aidjtnoney, and the overplus (if any be) coming by fuch Calc, (after, the fum or fums fo rated and aflefled* and the charges of faking* keeping and felling the fait) diftrefs, are dedu&ed j	»•

(halh b$ returned to the owner or owners thereof, upon/demand ; and. the several and refpe&ive tenants of all and fiqgular the (aid Tax to be paid fen lands and low grounds, fo bounded and deferibed as .afore- bytbetennnii* faid, which shall be aflefled or rated by virtue of this ad, are outo^their hereby required and authorized to pay fuch fum and fums of rent. niopeya as (hali be fo aflefled, rated and charged upon fuch fen lairdsand low grounds, and to dedudoutof the rent fo much .lu^y^r of tbe faid.afleflinent or rate, as the faid fen lands and low ^rQuudsy .or the tenant or tenants in.refped thereof, shall be af- ■ )r,-r’ ^ feffad or rated at; and the landlords, both mediate and name-	"	*

diahC,.»cccurdinglo their lyfpedive interefts, are hereby required to afiow fuch deduction and payment, upon receipt of the re-fid ue pf .their rent; and every tenant paying fuch aBeffinpnt or ra,tcs,u(hajfi^be .acquitted and difebarged for fo much money as the fai4 aflTeflment or rate fnall amount unto, as if the famehad bf#n a$i$ally paid tp the person or persons intitlcd to the rent of	n

fuch,lajp4s an4. grounds, except where there is a Jcafe of three or npore years,tp come from the commencement of this ad; in 1h which cafe thp proportion of the afleflinent or rate, which the leafe, tertitoc r tenant o.ygbtfo bear and pay, in confederation of the benefit he t0 W ,n receive^ by jfuch kafe, shall be adjufled and awarded by thirteen PorUun# or more pf the commiflioners for putting this ad in execution.

, XyjII^^PrpVKkd always, and \t is hereby further enaded, Lanfls unoc-That in cafe any of the laid fen lands or low grounds shall at cuPltf<hto rc; any fime^b^eafter be untenanted or unoccupied, fo that no fuf- j™**** ficient diftfds can be found whereon to levy, the laid rates and „»ent of the ; taxes* iMp the lands and. grounds charged with the faid fates tax. • ’ and	(hall	always	remain	a fecurity for payment thereof;	’	'	*

aqd all goods and chattels which shall at any time thentfter be found upon fuch lands or grounds, shall and nwy be diflrain-* cdrk^jiaj^T^ftd andfold, in manner afarefaid, until all ar-.	.£	c *	react.



Annp Tied! mo nono GeqRGII H. C. ii.	r £1756

rears of the (aid rates and taxes find the charges of fijch diftreii shall be fully paid and fatisfied. . • W ....	T

Provifo touchy XIX. Provided always, and he it further enafted, Thai; it fha£ ing arable «n<A may be lawful for WilliamGotiefiqbirej owner of-certain a" up0^>0le inibanked Lands in Tyrnccr, which pave been dug. ypjn,tQtvn,

dug up i

turf.

Cofle&ors to

containing one hundred and fourteen acres, PXthereafoutjs* and likewife for the worlhipfill Francis Tcf&am>&Q&ot or %yv*, leflec under the right reverend the lordbifhpp $ Bin oF^fprt^iii trad of imbankea lands called The fiyf belying under t>ov^nham feri, and for their refpeftive heirs, executors, aamlnifh^torsan^afl^nsj at their own proper charges and expences, topiaintaln at|d continue foch banks as are now finding, for the prefenrat£pndf the faid lands ; and atfo to maintain and work opt mill or engine bn each of tYie faid trafts of land, for throwing o^, t&e/watcrs tovyards the outfall, in like manner as they hiv& Here)cofor* done; and alfo for the owners and occupiers of fuch obherparts of the faid fen lands comprifed wkhin the cfiftriftint^pdwftobe drained by this aft, as are arable, anTd produce winter cgqpft or have aftually been dug up into turf, to er^ft horfe.mifcy^ o ther fmall engines thereon, in order to drafin fucli landsfa to preferve the (aid crops, and to render the lands ful, and fpr no otlier purpofe wliatfoeVcr.	lc	v-~v:

w XX, And be it further enafted, That if the owper: or wwn-fcoiir outrings era, occupier or occupiers of any of thfe faid feti lands, to iwiich and dikes, and *ny outringor divhion dike doth or shall belong, hatfC or have lay lufficient ghed, or shall fill up, or make any, way*>ver th?, j&me^ wrirfjotit wayn*made tying a fufficient tunnel under it, or tfiaUneglea or refufc fuf-over them, the ficiently to rode, fcour, cleanfe, open or repair, fiicK outrmg or owners ne- divifion dike, after twenty one days notice given to him/hfr or gle&ing fo to them, for that purpofe, by the colleftor or coflcftorSk jj^xyer °*	or receivers, for the time being, appointed by virtue pt

then it shall be lawful for fuch collector pf cc3l^p^,%re^yv‘ctf receivers, to caufe fuch dike to bp roded, fcoured.^^ P^nfcd, jn a fufficient manner j and where there Vnot z Charges to be net under fuch wavs, to caufe thofe ways to betaken up,7nnd levied upon made fo wide and deep as the dike ought to be jandby;waprsuit t e ownen or Qr preCept un(jer the hands and Teals of thirteen or motp of the faid commissioners (which warrant or preceptTuch 'cQC^rgfmiw-ers, or any thirteen or more of thm, arp herety imjMweroq^ requited, from time to time, to make, as occauoh jCHall rpaipre) to levy the charge thereof upon the goods and chattels ^^p owner or owners, occupier or occqpiers, by diftrelsj^d^fc of his, her or their goods and chattels, upon the ground and premises to which foch dike or dikes, wav or ways, doth' or do,'or (hail refpeftively belong (over and ^bovc the Qthet rates and taxes chargeable or tof be charged upon the faid gro^pd andpre-mifles by virtue of this aft) gendering the pvcrplp$ ^ifany) to fuch owner or owners, occupier or occupiers r^j^ftivcly, Wien demanded, after all charges paid.	,

XXI. Prpvlded always; and 'it'further wju thoriiy* aforefija^, ,Tl>at tf ^ynicfnctpr tunpelj*

occupiers.,

Relations ,

t> , i

J11ZX y the

AHf°'

takmj





dCtflei 1 t*y cfifT ‘rm OWj ih^ma

^^56]]	■	jASmOi	CS^c^&ii-'IT. 'fc« 'af± ^	r 4^1

taking Wartir'out of lire river10//^ , or the hundred f::t river, the the laying of bottom qffuph tunnel {or tunnels, for taking water out of thetunuc,s* kttnd?iJ:fM rVair[ ftialf nbtat afiy time be laid more than three fetTl&lw ffteTprfoce or levef of the adjacent ground ; and the BtfttdirVrl^fucH‘tt3Tinel brtuhnils, for taking water out of t!ie iri Yer ‘Oiflr^ ffiSlrnr6t ifV^timb'be laid more than two feet be-ToWthtlarfiice or level' of tne ^diacent ground : and if any per-fpn WaffTiJ \he bottorhrjof|atr y fuch tunnel lower than three or Penalty on not tWo	a$	afdrielaid,	below	the	furface	or	level of conforming.

tfteadjadeBj: ground,and (hSallfcij[awfullyconvicledthereof,before i^yjullfce of the peace of ttie courifv or place where fuch offence flialf'W committed, he or fife lb offending shall for every fuch forfeit to the ufe of the person giving information there'll bfTive pounds for every fuch offence, to be levied aty<!Tale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by war-fthe Jiaod and feal of the juflice before whom he or fefrconviftbd as aforefaid.

V* XJf PF. ^Arid be it further enadted, That if any person or per- penalty upon : fons fhalljrit.abytime or times hereafter, wilfully or malicioufly gerions cut* i cut, thro^!8oWd or destroy any of the banks, works or engines r,nS JovvJJ or 1 fo^O'b^madk or eredled as aforefaid, or by any ways KmdjstI banks^or other obftrudt or lay Open any of the cuts, drains or other works to be wtHk* * ^Sffelfbr^drAtmngW improving the faid fens or low grounds as 1 'ifdrdfald. and ihaU be thereof convidted upon oath before two of the peace for the faid IJJe of Ely, if the offence lhall be xbaiittiltted1Nothin the faid ifle, or before two juftices of the peace tai tftd fold’bounty of Norfolk, if the offence (hull be committed Tin^tHd faid County; every fuch person fo convidted shall forfeit Ifvefy fuch pffence the sum of one hundred pounds, to be le-1	dSilfrtfs	and’fale	of	the	goods and chattels of every fuch

fOffeWdfcr or offenders, by warrant under the hands and feals of \r\S? fwbdf fhe faid juftices before whom fuch convidiion shall be be employed and laid Out in carrying on the works and Ifft^rbvements in and upon the faid fens and low grounds where fftich	is	or	(hall	be	Committed; and for want of fuch

ainrdfs, fuch offender or offenders lhall by the faid ju-Jftlcik 'be cbmmirted to the common gaol of the faid Ifle of Ely, l on ^ .^^coorrfy^Of Norfolk, for any time not exceeding twelve fons burning ^V^nPWs^aFihe diferetion of th^ faid juftices: and if any person or deftroyiug ^peribire mail wilfully or maffcioufty fet fire to, burn or other- engines, vrire deftrb^ any of the faid engines to be eredled as aforefaid,

*an<f 'heHJrerCof lawfully convidted, fuch person or persons shall b^adjud^d' guilty of felony, and lhall be fubjedt and liable to £tiiC> liltS pains and penalties as in cafes of felony *, and the ^cbufr, bt or before whom fuch person or persons shall be tried, shall ancf have hereby power ana authority to tranfport fuch fe-}oo$ for feven years, in the like manner as other felons arc directed to be tranfported by the laws and ftatutes of this realm.

XXIIL tAnd to the end it may appear clearly, what money Accounts to has been, raifed from time to time, by virtue of this adl, and be examined -that the ownert and occupiers of the (aid feri lands'and low anwwliyty " -	'	E e 3	grounds





I?*

47 2

fhc commif-fioner* upon oath.

Anno vicesimo nono Gfebfet*fl tt. cPSS/1	C*75^

grounds may be fatisfied that the Money fo t'aiftd'lhas betty iSoly applied ; be it further eoafted, That once in everjr Ofi.onc of the days herein before appointed for the^meetmg of *the Jaid cpoimiflioners, infpeftion shall be had by the fald cbmitiifEbri-. ers, or any thirteen of them, of the receipts :tod dr^rfcfnents of fuch money as Ihall have been raifed by virhieofthtiaCf f' to the twenty fifth day of March then next preceding;;' ancfafl accounts relating to the fame, shall be then or within1 tjtti days after, made up and fettled by the laid commi/Soiiers, dbr-any thirteen of them, then aflembled at fuch their medtng aS iitfbre-laid ; at which time the collector or colleftors/ re&fae^^rxe-ceivers of the faid rates and fums of money to hi raitSdVi^forr-feid, are hereby required to attend with proper borfks^rac-counts of their receipts and «di(burfemeots, and all vk{i€h&iJot the fame; and upon confideration and examination $hW,ebif%p-on qath to be adminiftered by one of the faid coptniffiKftert (which oath any one of the laid commiflloners is hereby 4m-f	powered	to	adminifter)	the	faid	commifli	oners, cri" atanf tfnrteen

of them, are hereby impowered to allow and pafs tnefind accounts, as they shall think fit, or fuch part or parts Or thfe fame, as they Ihall fee juft and reasonable; and fuch account o^ac-counts, or fuch part or parts of them, as shall be fo alidyrea* to the faid commiflloners, or any thirteen of them, under :ffcrtr hands, shall be fairly entered in two several books to fcefcept for that purpofe, one whereof fliall remain with the* fifld0com-miflioners, and the other in the parilh church of thd 'ffiftYri-Two books of flity in £fy J and the faid books shall and may be infip^M^and them to be perufed at any time, at reafonable hours, by any gerion xn per-kept, and in- Tons requiring the fame (being an owner or owners ipe^ad^mis. |*aij fcn aud jow grounds! without fee of atw^cfilier reward.	,	'

Aikw^nqeio XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further be made to That towards defraying the expences of the (aid cbi^iffloneTi, com million rrs upon account of their attendance at any of the mpetin^;rb be held as aforefaid, for putting this aft in execution, one (lulling, and no more, fliall be paid by the collCCTpi^a^jrq-ceiver of the faid rates and taxes, to each of the faid ers present at any fuch meeting, and shall be allowed in the ae-, counts of fuch colleftor or receiver, as fo much motfey^did’fdr the purposes of this aft, fo that the whole expence, at aiiyofie meeting, shall not exceed the sum of twenty (hillings; any thing herein before contained to.the contrary notwithstanding* Claufetofave XXV. Provided also, and it is hereby further fcnaftfcd, That the rights ot this aft, or,any thing herein contained, shall not extend Of be conftrued to extend, to impower the faid comthfifliotters appointed for putting this aft in execution, to have? ufe Or exer^ cife any power or authority over, or to interMcdidl? with any of the banks, (ewers, drains or works already made. Jar here-

*	after to be m^e by the governor, bailiffs and cotttMonSiI^y of . the company pf confervators of t^e great l,evej <rf t-

*	pi did/ord Level) by virtue of ap aft made in tfoiifUcMn ftir

the Bedford level corpora tiou.







1756.3-] Anaojic^aytoonaCRORGii II. c. 22.,	4«|

of the reign of Kiqg. Charles the,Second, intituled,

'tefc MYf 'w%$t vLb* W-'-JPK ■<- ■

Lfycl, qr m p([any ptrter act or ftatute wnatfoeVer, or ft) 1 inya^tfo,^	away^ftydPtfre rights,''

ycW,!^ the faid governor, bailiffs and' c^nfiipona^y^ ,oiri in thb (aid governor*, bailiffs and confervators,' but. wit} ^1 rjehjs, powers ,^pcf authorities whatfoevef, which by* ^rti^e|'ott^cilaid^a<ft>l^de]m tjfc fifteenth year of the feign of King ([harks tbre, Second^ or any other a<ft of ftatute whatfoever, i^y, are\eftlpdlb jlie faid gpvernor, bailiffs and commonalty, or }n th^^i^governor, bailiffs and confervators, or any of them,' py^^r^eVeafter remain, continue and be in the faid go-vcrnoi;,^afly^zfid! conampnalty, and in the faid governor, confervators', and every of them, as fully and amjpi^tp^l intents and purpofes, as if this a<5t had never been

^^^i^!^i*oviJed alfo, and It is hereby further enaefted, That Corporation to tnc7Aid governor, bailiffs and commonalty, shall keep and maintain the naaintam the /outh bank of the hundred foot river, and the Weft th^hu^ndrtd b^j^ ot the river Cto/r, in like manner as they have hitherto foot river, and done, ,	%	'	weft bank of

JX^CVr^ "Provided always, and It is hereby further enatfted,the 0ufc* ijTbat Joiner $w7/efquire, his heirs or afligns, being owner or Provifo con-pwnerj oflthe imbanked grounds, late of Edmund Skipwith e- cerning the f(^Ire, befd^^	mall	not	at	any	time hereafter, run off ,mban|c^*

tire waters from the faid imbanked grounds, through runnels or viner Snull, ^nc^ite, into the lands intended to be drained by virtue of this efq j * [su& ^nt[ shall keep and maintain the banks round the faid ^fmnds*qrffie fame height and ftrength they now are.

.	Provided	always,	That	nothing	in	this	aeft	con-	‘ „ m ^

tamed (naff extend, or be conftrued to extend to deprive the	1

owners a^	of	lands and commons lying in GrmU continued* to

*4&nP of the drains they have hitherto had and enjoyed, and ftifl the pf#pirt>A [.do enJPyV fpr running off the waters of the faid ten, through tort.	• •	^

fG runty Fen t)rain, towards the outfall.	.'r	?

-pjffi-L	'Aniwhwiby the faid	afrofKing, cw*,j‘

JChfltle^ toe Second, tt uja$ amongfl other things, enabled, Thai the governor, bailiffs and confervators of the great Intel, should have f^uuer io lay taxes upon the ninety five thou find acres of land (allotted ^Ofaaxccompence for the draining tf the fiaid great level) for the fnp* forfi, maintenance and prefervation of the faid great hvel, and to levy the fame with penalties for non-payment-, and that the faid governor y 1 b$iff]fiand confervators, Jhouli have poxver to fell fo muct\ or fuch ^arty onf proportions of the faid ninety five thousand acres, upon	...	-

Wfich any tax fbould be in arreeir, or penalties, in fitch proportions as .	.	:

^Jfaid governor, bailiff's and confervators should judge to be fitffdctent	• *	>

,f p rtfjfe fucb taxes andpenalties: and wherias fevcrtil parcels of the	*	•	*	;

[field ninety five thou [and acres of land, lying within (he faid difirifl, ^fio^ndefibnd fiejerihd qs a for cfaid, ivere'at different times put up to

4 M M-0 X M a^m /a a ^	^ ^ jm J ^	^	^	0m Jl 4h A tm ^ td a Lm A K J W W A A - S J t ■. t ■-— J Cl ^ i ^

r /- r

t~r -» f1 J

vf

♦O





4*4	Osoasfiilifr/cinsiV [r^

State of the /twntiebbyedr fifthefaid King, itakukdjAwwSk for1%fMe^t*9*IX inverted lands ^{Jeffing of the lands of the adtentweri whhhfthegi\^tle^dt Sd diftrlft" ^he Sms, in order to 'waft thttajeermdfanakifi	4ud

belonging to in refpett of the foid tends > butthdfatoe niihi** tbMfif^tfivfinpbvift the corpora, taxes and penalties due thtiwt, fuchiandscokli net bhfiutfb'ds thrjfft tiop 9 fuch penalties and taxes; <vi dim vajdgovertje,<iMifi) aftdxomfirr^ifi* to . a. c. 8* having dirtBed their officers^fc**Mfne to tbmefti%ti ]

lands as could not bs fold for the afiioanttf thetaxh audpohnlifiesm^ fpeftively due thereon, they the faid .officers hffdm tbe^ putdbiffa off fuch lands, and have either- conveyed ebb* fame At tbe^foid govosmotni, bailiffs and commonalty, or declared futh pterthafis tfi hmtefci* fifitfe in trufl for the faid corporation; and tbit lands fapvnbti&BemA toW Jmce fuch purchases refpe&ively madedhercof, rtmdktedxtySld :iti it* faid corporation, and been called in veiled Lands, tmddr&to&b&nbm» nually rated and affiffed to the taxes laid upon the fold dieted fiefrtbtlt-fand acres, according to their refpeBwt proportions, in puifbane? faid ails of the fifteenth and twentieth of King Chirks hut fuch taxes not having been raifid or paid, the (dii^cynpbriMn have, from time to time, left fuch inverted lands, fir fach partsitbedfi -of as they could find tenants for, at fuch rents as toiddbe pffictmekbfir the fame; but the profits aetfing from the lands fo iHt, bfaj#ibe**epj fmall and imonfidtrakle, and much hfs than the taxes thdtk oobitbfi&h . lands have been Affiffed: and whereas the faid governor, batiiffedgd tonftractors, apprehending it wculd be for the benefit Qfjbtf&dxfi?-poradon, that Juch imefied lands JboM be fold, difebargechtf the &-rears of taxes which had been affiffed thereon, but fubjetl-anaHaple 4** Recital of a- fifo mQnner as the refl of the faid ninety five thou)and Acres), tu bhe wthMrRo- ***** u **	Pr d* future, by virtue of the'find d&s dpithe

hinfon Morris, fifteenth and twentieth of King Charles the Second, did itmaffibe and the duke hundred and sixty eight acres of the faid inveflti kmdi, filkjfwtbin of Bedford and Jjffri8 herein before deferibed, to be put up to pabftt&fai^Ad of ithe inveied Matthew Robinfon Morris efquire, being the beft bidimf^che lands.	fame, at the fumefone hundred pounds, the faid corpomtsit fihormeffin

, agreed with the faid Matthew Robinfon Morris fob tbefdfififathe iS\ ' faidfive hundred and sixty eight acresfar the faid Jam tffmrfikntjfikd . ;	pounds, difibarged of the arrears of taxes which had beyrt obfr&d

• thereon before the firfi day of April one tboufand favtebhkndr)fdokd fifty four, and fubfifl to future takes \ and wo mft'uabltfyoh&Me Bedford, Sir Thomas Drury baronet, Matthedr Wfidbowwd Thomas Waddingtan efquirts, having delivered ptopVfififfa the faid corporation far the purtbaft of one tboufand five* hundred^)## and twenty perches of the faid invefitd lands (being thi befidueefrbt f	faid inverted lands lying within the find drftriB) atiht phdififfiOie

tboufandpounds, and fuch propofols having been pfebli/ked in the fub-lick news papers, and notice having been thereby gvvtn, ihiiAmfaid corporation were ready to treat with any per fins, who JbttildbfifibiU-ing to give moreUban the faid fturn of one tboufand pounds* fid'the faid lands, and no person having offered fo much as the •faid fiem ' oficfise y/ , -,	fihtufand pounds for the fame, the faid corporation M'agtehvoitkni o

f . faid John duke ^Bedford, Sir Thomas Drury, Mattie** Wiid-Jxirc> and Thomas Waddington, fmthe jhkfifehfi JwdTfuett&bu-. .	find

 i^ooQle

GaoiusMiEL^coaa/	m

fdmdfeim.dmkif^hcrmiandhmaiyrurchn	^,v>/,Tt	'

Jw4#rkiirfr$nA\thmfmd pomi^Jdfdargei of allarrenrs d'J&mt,

Whichrtr+9fKtyn*> htfhre the conveying of fuse lands /bail havi hetn jf.;. * charged tbeteen, and Jubje& to future Janes: andwhireqsitAvill he /-■-	(

/Jr A hwtfkof the faid corporation, that the taxi govemor^baiUjfs ^■“*	^	J

andcemtenally, Jbonfd ho impowersi to fell tht.fnd invoked lands, t j t v / ^ 4\fekargUof the arum of Urns, auording to the agreements entered iooi<Kax,ofor^faU\>an it therefore.further enabled, Thatit shall beCorporation i^wfiiMoc thc iakl governor, bailiffs and confervators, or anyi^powerod ^ca ot taoreof them, whereof the (aid governor or bailiffs, or j® conj|/ *** *M&y of rbem, to be two, to grant or convey * under the fcal ofjj^ged of ar-thft fowl0o*p6mipo, the fasd live hundred and sixty eight acres rears of taxes, isxvtff^ Unds^ to the/aid Matthew Robinfm Morris, and thepurfuant to feven hundred acres and twenty perches oftheagrac-in^tM foods to the faid John duke of Bedford, Sir Thomas™**1*9 Dru^Jtfaitbew Wildbor$, and Thomas IVaddington, freed and ddchirgfed of and from the taxes which have been rated or af-jWfadlo. the faid inverted lands, by virtue of the foid ad of -tacf fifteenth of King Charles the Second, or of any other ad or 4^feef ifwHttacnt now in being, relating to the faid great level, according to the before recited agreements made by the faid cor-• pftrttifc* With the foid Matthew Robinfm Morris, and the laid John duke <of Bedford, Sir Thomas Drury, Matthew Wildbore, and Thomas fVaddtngton; and fuch grants and conveyances fo made, Audi be good and effectual in the law, to all intents and .purpofes whatsoever, as if the faid lands had been fold at the ihire-houfe in Ely, for non-payment of taxes, purfuant to the	T

faid ads of the fifteenth and twentieth of King Charles the . ,	,	'

\» Second* before the faid lands became inverted.

.v. XXXi Provided always. That nothing in this ad contained	*

viba)l extend, or be conftrued to extend, to impower the faid	1>l	J

cpfppration to discharge the faid inverted lands, or any part .	.	,V,

, thereof, from any rates or taxes, which the fame frail hereafter	;

he liable to bfe rated or afleffed with, by virtue of the foid ad of..	.	dir

\ the fifteenth of King Charlesthe Second, or any other ad orcharge thcm ’ . aAi of parliament whatfoever, but that the foid invefted lands from future shall be liable to he rated and aflefled in the feme manner as they taxes*

> Were before the making of this ad; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notbithftaachng*

-	XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enaded, That the foid governor, bailiffs and confervators, frail out of the above mentioned Cums of one hundred and one thoufond pounds, for0f thi» aS^to

r wfiich the faid invefted lands are hereby directed to be fold, pay be paid by one third part of the expences of obtaining this ad.	them.

\ XXXII. And it is hereby further enacted. That if any a&ioto, foil or information, frail be commenced or profecutcd \ againft any person or persons for any thing done or to be done vin^urfoabce of this ad, every fuch adion or fuit (ball be com-. menced within fix months next after the fad committed, and Limitation of ihaU b&Jtaid; Or. brought in the court of pleas of the faid ljl* ^/actions,

-	Ely%3 or\m\ the counties of Cambridge er Norfolk, and not elfe-

v	where,





4^	AnnoTicefimo DonoGfcORGJiTI. a / f^7S^r

where; and the defendant or defendants m foch adion or fuit, ftaO and may plead the genera) iffiie, and if in replevin^ tnay-juftjfy and avow by virtue of this a<2, as persons ading oyv'aii- * thority of commimoners of feWetrs are enabled to do;’ aiidrJ^c this ad and die fpeeia! matter in - evidence, wrtho&t IftqSASy ^	pleading the fame, other wife than as aforefaid, at any trial to be

had thereupon, and that the fad alledged tb hake been done. Generali&e. was done in purfuance and by the authority of tkh a# the fame shall appear to have been to done, or if any orfdit shall be brought after the time before limited for tpiPfiWg * • •	the	fame, or shall be brought in any other county jor plif^ ^an

as aforefaid, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants, avowant or avowants ; or if the plSnnriff or plaintiffs shall become nonfuit, or forbear profecution, or dtffettraftt& i	her	or their fuit or fuits; or if any verdid shall pdf* *g*t nfthka,

her or them, upon a demurrer, or otherwife, then in any of the find cafes, the defendant or defendants, avowant Or 3+owant*» tnkk votu shall recover treble cofts, for which he, (he or the^^

like remedy, as where cofts by law are awarded. J L 'J lD£ JVL: XXXIII. And be it further enaded and declared, ad shall be deemed and allowed to be a publrck ad^aHtfiU -a judges, juftices, and other persons, are hereby lequirttftt^titer m . notice thereof as fuch> without fpccially pleading ttiefa^r^ 3/lC>

♦O , , ’ , •

-n-'a . n

br.TV) ; i .	,	,	. , - {

oj\!>	'i<	-	*

to (fyj vr,

).> >,..•• >•

.mil I

)■:	jii'	•_>	'	i	...

V. •

-	. T

■ ] ;;.v*:rX

■	• i •

. ■ y ,»".H

:■ frm! fi - ■ ?-» '

-■ i .1 J. O V/

*■* j

; \A zbiflim , •* kj z^oc yftiH » rjiOB ns'V ’ ’ . svi i - ’ it r>fl < . .THOU o-*T

• o,i,i msdiiV/

i •

i

“^V3l !o '

.i;,1

.	/	V	)	0

f f 1	,	*10*

•' i . -it

. i- • i. ,A >'

.:_il li' )’yi;

.. .. ::.q	{

:irjn i’cji





.	.	I

ifftfOP	AnrtovieSfim# nOno Geor<WT jf.C.24,^	4

*: *,! ‘10 n-.' ) ' /’ . 1	.'m	9irrrb'7:ii'if»	•*	*	’*'U	l^c	tw^	”>?

ThySctyWuU'tb	nbich	^beahHexiidli

bt^fajK.are /* ** exempted, from tie paxes to be ■ tfjefal, ir«f*d fir (baffai in purfuance of the fad aft.

' ' f * *t i* nt *(i\ \ .I> f * v jtr,,: <r /v: 1

1 ^fM>EP ALL* ^ 1

A

’ U L ttie<WWdoti$, ekcfcp* fotit stores patt of the adventure land taken out df the fame, b*loh£ihg tq 4 ©smid Dick^iS.'

. ,, WIC HAM-, -T^ Widdor% formerly called Jag-fHall grounds.

/♦;M;vu Jp {be Cowcrofrs*

Thrqe acres of Richard Pap wort hi Tive acres of John Ha^lvun,

FijVp a^ijria the occupation of William JSaWton."

OiieTa9r^of John Winter.

One acre^ part of four acres, of Edward Hemmings.

In the Hale Fens.

Thomas Johnfon’s lot, and all the lots between that and Wolbey Hills, except a part of four lots, one belonging to William Nix, two to lord Wentworth and miftrefs . ' King, and one to Anthony Gregory-

WOLBEY HILLS/

Thirty acres, part of forty acres, of miftrefs King.

Fifty acres of John Leaford.

Ten acres of John Cole.

Five acres, part of ten acres, of ma«* fter Eaft’s heirs.

Two acres, part of nine acres, of William Mufgrave.

COVENEY.

All the Hale Fens fouth of Wardley Hill, from a lot of Jeremiah Hin-kin to a lot of George CJay, inclu-five.

Two acres and an half, part of fix acres of Headley's heirs.

Two acres, part of fix acres, pf Hoad-

ley’s heirs.

Four acres, part of fix acres, of James Creek,.,called Saqipfon’s lqtn

In the New Drove Grounds.

Six acres of WHliahi King, clerk. %

Four acres, part offix acres, of Charles Cole, clerk.

One acre and an half, part of fix acres, of Thomas Neale, clerk.

Four acres, part of fix acres, of Eld-ward Merry.

Six acres of William Cole, efquire.

Seventeen acres, part of fwsflty fatal acres, of miftrefs Swan.

Three acres, part of fix' acres, of Biowell Nix;

Six acres, late of Ifaac I ip §edgq

' Woolaftori, efquire.	|	Fen.

Six acres of Mary Merrick, widow.	J

Ten acres, part of forty acres, of Matthew Kobinfon, efquire, abut-; ting upon Weftfield.

In the New Dams.

Eight acres, part of thirty acres, of lord Townfend’s, abutting upon ditto.

Two acres, part of nine acres, of Coveney Feoffees.

Three acres, part of nine acres, of George Clay, called Cocks’s Dam.

Two acres, part of twelve acres, of Thomas Neale, clerk, called The Spots.

Four acres, part of fourteen acres, of lord Townfend.

Three acres, part of ten acres, of Margaret Clay.

Four acres, part of fixteen acres, of miftrefs Swan, called The Long Dam;

At Way Head.

Four acres, part of nine acres, of Margaret Clay.

Three acres and an half, part of feven acres, of Charles Colt, clerk.

Five



9*#.	Anao v4fc^»^iumor©*oRofk5ll; cytt&?

Five acd&sv pdrtof Jevero acres, of E* lizabdth Barton. -	.	\	.

Seven atref of TrsncdsiSonth:

Twenty one acres of George Clay, in three Sots. " k •. , *-.•••.

Twelveiaeneyof Elisabeth Barton.

Six aprjs, part of fixteen< acres, of Tlipthaa Nix. ’

One<«f rp,pm of ieven acres, of John

fptfc '	•

Tbree acre®, part of feven acres, of George the fon of Margaret Clay.

Tenacrpandan half, of George Clay, being, a lot and a half.

Four aclres of Bidwell Nix.

Seven afcrcs, part of fixteen acres, of George Clay.

In the Great Dams.

Four acres, part of nine acres, of mi-ftrefs Sisan.'

Eleven acres, part of fifty fix acres,

: - of Matthew Robi nfon, efqoire.

Six acres, t*rtof eighteen acres, o'f George Clay.

Five acres, part of twenty four acres, late of Ifaac Woolaftone, efquire. -fWr acres, part of nine acres, of George Clay, late Matthews.

Fotlf acres and an half, part of nine acf.es,,pf George Oay, late Childs’s.

Fodr acres and an half, part of nine acres, of Robert Morlinc.

Six acres^h ^Mte, tla«Sa'rixteV,te«6fe^.

Four acres of Wife

Four acrpSTaf; WiJlfett&Cdfl, efquire.

MOT** %• nc Jl.fi Two acres of Abrah*iq

U..

Five acres, part of	of

Amy Barrs. ’

One aero of John Pennington.

Onti hereof George Claf.°73 “A One acre Of ThomrthNi)*.!

Two acres, part of three	pf

Aungier Peacock, ■elqtiiTPi *'->s

1 M«'l_ io eiSTJ

■ In the Fii»gle*JV-w wdT Ten acres, part of tweiltyjaixfeif longing to Pembroke FKff. 33J‘* 1 Four acres, part of	of

Getorge Clay. •	'	.*or,c	ootd T

Three acres, part of-	of

Charles Clay, eaUedGofttbifi Pfeu

•gle.	{Lei

Six acres of George Clay; tt^JtxJTlHie Home Pingle.	■	i'7 kne

All the High Land; ClOfes ahtf^ai^, at Coveney and WardeyLPK*.n£;

.i/ionr/n ni

In ttyPyal F±rt;'‘'R3:n> i ' ni-zLU* -aaiupi H btic

• °M Jbl:

Gpqrge.Clay'. .	Two	acres	and aq

fcjgfit acres, part of eighteen acres, of Part of tert acres, in two T Cgpjjiffl. Aungier Peacock, Squire. ___	. ^olws?of EdwardHpqa-^ ,' 3f1} 1!A

acres^ part offiye Winter,, called Kirby Four acres, part of five, agrees lot of John Khowles,

Five acres,! a lot of

tOQ;n ' i

Five acres* a lot of rrtal^^jMay^c.' Three acres, part offi ' lot of matter May fix.

All the. old Fenk UP Wife Wenuvorth.

acres,

Six acres, part of thirty acres, of Wil-	filings,

liam Mayer.	’	:	FP,u,rr.acI

Four aerps/part of nipeacre^ of Kos-bertFean. '

io < lathe Bbckiuore*. - •

AH thwWockmews north of Warriey kfiHlyfiwn the gravel to arUock<> more of Abrahant Biggs, late iu Ksught’Syxnduding the {ame.

Four acres and an half, ipatkofieten feres, of Abraham Biggs, being

;<‘C *

i va ana

In

 (^ooQle

Anno litefiaO'nofkv^Beull'lii	^19

*7 5«-1

In W Etf*T WORTH Sedge T|en. -Two adreiand half* part oftoigbt ar , cres, of mafter Twelves,;

An hill, called plain hill, containing about eight acres. . ., ... .

WICHFORDs Half an acre,, in each fonaif lot in Sedge field Pooles.

Six acres ofWilliam Cole, efqaire, in i Fymore.

E E Y.

AH the grounds called Alderforth, in Weft Fen Side, abutting on Beald Drov«.

■One acre and an half, pan of three a-cres, of John Prior.

Three acres, part of fix afcres, of Ed-,ward Crgpley.

Three acres, part of fix acres, of . Charles Cole, rlerk.

Three acres, part of fix acres, of Wilr - Ham Cole, 4erk.

Eleven acres, pan of twelve acres, of lady Parfons.

AH; the lands between Beald Drove and Ely Field.

c mt.

■101/(1 I >.-T

abi^tt-y ing on 1 Weft * Ten,

r

FoUrte«waor«^p*rtofithiftrtnr ov! 1

acres of Elizabeth Grid.‘ltdb.\i[

-Six acres ofHmrjr Kemp* ton.	'	*•: t.'Why

Eight acres, part of twelwe acres, bf Thomas Wat*

- kins, xlecfc.

Four acres, part of fix a* ■ cres, of Thomas P«4e.

Eight acres, part of twelve acres, of William Autv* fv« gier.	,	•	‘L,rove*

Fifteen acres, *j

part of twen- I of miftrafa. ty four acres, | Towers,

Twenty one a- VeaHed cres, part of 1 Baa lam’s twenty four J Pieces, acres* J

DOWNHAM,

All the land called the Hufft andtfil Halts (except fourteen actes. of Morley Unwin, clerk, tailed the Pooles).

In Weft Fen Side.

Four acres, part of twelve acres, of Philip Cawthorne.

I

AM ,£e^ fejm (except three acres* Four acres, part of twelve acre^* of and&irty acre*, of adventure land Jofepb Pcnfton.	, ’ 1 .

in Pymore, ufedtherewith).	Two ac/es, part of four acre*, «f

Eighteen acre* of William Cole, e- Philip Sibltyv ,	^

fquire^infourpi<?ces?lateTngwcll^ Two acres, part of four afcres^of and Begley's, abutting on Ely , Matthew Hallock.

Fields11	Two acres, part of four acrts,J oOq*

Sfattdiert0 acres of John 'Brlnghurft, fcph Denfton.	*	^

ilerk* in two dolvers, abutting on Sixteen acres* part of sixty acre% of • • dfttO; !	Robert	|Cple,	in	feveraJ	|>icce^

All the lotsitiove Long Drove, from . .Gay Dtove to Weft Fen Drove.

atfes, part of twelve! acres; bfmiftrels Ralph. '

BIX atfei of George Too- Jjgg*

Six acres bf Thomas Day. ry**f_

Six acres fit John Bring-■ horff, Cleric.	J-	.

Thirty acres of Thdmas Watkins, clerk,	qafly}Flowers Hill.

*» * G ' Jiiy f

(d . . -

Two acres of Philip Hopkin.

Two acres of Chridopher Great)., Two acres of Francis Moxon.' ’1 , Four acres of Matthew CroCe.

Two acres of Jofeph Denfton.1 Seven acres, part of fifteen acres, of John Yasrow, iatm piofes. .'A One acre, one part of um.aqtaM of ChriftopKer Green. , .in Six acres, part of fifteen'at^as^i of Downbam Feoffees.	tjoI

One





**3P	.	Amd	ifitaQao	[»£&

On& -MCt /PV* %f‘two .-»e*« ^of-Wil- Two acres, ^irt_fcf icrf ifcrcs, of Ri-

°f trii-

Two acres, part of four acres* of Robert Rayntf.	•'	-

One acre, pstrtof three acres, otWil-ISam Eagle. '•	•	■

One acre, pirt of two acres, of John Bayes.

One acre, jpart of two acres, of Frances South.

Six acres, part of twelve acres, of Jofeph Denfton, fix pieces.

Four acres, part of twelve acres, of Thomas Brown.

Three acres, part of eight acres, of Francis Mpxon.

Two acres, part of 'fix acres, of Richard Mo$on.

One acre, part of two acres, of William Eagle.

One acre, pat* of two acres, of Henry Waddelow.

T wo acres and three roods, of Richard Moxon, cilled Cop Hall.

In the Land Floods.

Two acres at the Hithe, of Mary Smith, fervor.

Two acres of Franees South.

Two acres and an half, called a Holt

* arid a Yard, at theHitheof Jofeph DenftOn;

Eleven acres, part of feventeen acres, of Frances South.

One acre, part of two acres, of John Bayes.

Twq acres, part of four acres, of Francis Mpxon.

One acre, part of twp acres, of John Leaford.

Two acres of Jofeph Denfton.

Four aterCs of Richard Mokon.1

Two acres of Francis Tingey.

AlPthe land floods from Weftmore Bridge tothe park by Weftmore Bridge.

Jpive acres, part of fix acres, of R ichard Hopkin, junior.

TJnec;acres,part gf fix acres, of Wil-

Jfwn Merry.

• chindHopkSl!lVl^ior»^1^£ r/!rv I One hundred dcfbfe of Franei* JFot pham, efquire, fly inpwndfcf Down-ham park) jbrin^ thff>higheib dart of the Frith.:	tniw»iU vxi

In iforth Fen	*j

FouF acres, pfctof mgbtacro^vciF . Thomasf Jones, clerk, xfcrfbobbt-tom oF LonctLahd	a/hw	I

One acre, pait of two acrespbfiJohn Churk, at |drttti£ f' lo etmt x One acre, paft of two acres,/fa£rIBrac Afplapd. ,	' i‘i	ijil

Five acres, part of eight aV*&, William Cole, efquire, of Cabbage-hole.	..	/	<.V*>L	OV	I	v	-1'

Seven acres, of John.ElUngtos^iiin ditto.	'	^	'	!

Two acres, part of twelve adres^ of Elizabeth Ellington, next flcald Drove.	.:r:	J

Two acres, part of twdye across Henry Hull, next Beald Drove!: One acre, part of two acres* ofSaraS Bringhurfti	.	.l:Vc	r

One acre, part of two’acrestiofMary Smith, junior.	i!mji	c

Three acres, part of fix acres, of JohA Hitch.	htotr.jJ

One acre, part of two acro%:af WilT liam Cole, efquire.	.fiokoJ

One acre, part of two acres,") of Richard Hopkin.

Three acres, part of fix acres, of John Ellington.

Five acres, part of twelve acres, of John Flanders.

One acre, part of two acres, ^

6f Down ham Feoffees.

Two acres, part of four acres, of Francis Tingey.

Two acres, part of four acres, of fjeary Morley, efquire.

All the lots called Marlhall End, in Downham and Ely., - vwi-i Twelve acres, part of feyertfy.eipftt acres, of Richard Hoi<fiftdi$drftti»3c, under Chatham WoqsLjc C 5

|>YMORE.

 

Caufy,

• fthrib <MfcMH>aba6fcoMiteifc qn«&-	^

:5I to t2Di#YaMOftcpfJ3ri£ ov/V -ii

Twelve acresiofiAtnd^

MiihUHl ei;C

Tftebwncrds Of WiL"

T wfiirtfiad^B io£: jfttfoivu ley Unwin, clerk. Twelve acres of John 1

iLi? r*„

LeafordP

;r, ,.d

Twohreacrd^of Jofeph Twelve acres of John

*jiJChuck,M • .

Six'acres of Margaret!

ou>8biithtcM- ‘	'

Four acres, part of fix rlt^bfcu^.efjohn Lea-J

Twelve acres of Wil-" riilipm Jjariginan-Four acres of Margaret toSputfa S.i-JSbtkiacnesi of, William Langman.

Sixteen: acres, of Sarah BririghlntfL *

Twelve ^crcs of Francis Skinner. ^otif/acot^ofMargaret South.

Tdteiniy acres:of John Leaford.

Twtfv&aeres^of John-Leaford.

Fight acfe«r part of twelveacres, of John Leafond^v Two acres* part of fix acr^s, of Richard ^icholas.

Four acris, part of fix 'Htfisfaf JohnChurki Eight acres, part of twelve acres^f Thor mas Jcnesy cferk. Eight a^res,! part of twelve ,acres, of Ri-nchtodiHblditetH dtq; Five acres, p^ffc 'of 1 tt^rel yeraerris, of Mac-. gaipt Sbisih. i Mi Two aerds^ jtort *of Jj 35

35 OMY(i

AttAefe Anortn-eaft of ^fymore*,

P^OVC, J

;'li> (inuruj Jis(; tvuil /id1 .all

All tTiefe ... fouth-weft of Pymore Drbve.

I

a. uW 1 ! tr hI M, OiiO

a; ;f .

t( >

»&

ces South.

Que aWi pm tf fow acres, of Margaret Soiah. >

Twelve acres of John"

Leaford. ^

Twelve acres of Frances South,. .

Twelve acres of John Yarrow.

Six acres, part of twelve acres, of Frances South,

Twelve acres of Robert Rayner.

Three acres, part of five acres, of Elizabeth Ellington.

Eight acres, part of feventeen acres, of John Leaford,in two lots.

Four acres of William!

Langman,:

Twenty five" acres late St. John’s,

Seventeen acres, late Drurey’s,

Sixteen acres, out of feventeen acres,

. late Saint Tofin’s,

Five acres, out of feventeen acres, of Lqrd Saint John’s.

Three acres, our of feventeen acres, of Francis Tingey.

In a Place called Dunkirk. ;j L Two acres, part of twelve acres^ df John Cawthome*s heirs. ’ 1 A Nine acres, part of twelvd States, of Richard Hopkin.	'

Three acres, part of twehe^res, - df

l o 11

Of Mr.

i

fart* .

-.J

: : •

ir :i

MM. OvVT

o :	owT

t r.3iDC ofi F

firtg gf, jhe

f-Fifu«.a

OOV513 •	'{	io

, j jl orO

li

Ml’ ' / I r v

. Ifjac Afpland,

T \v£lvfc acresbfWill^GoleJhrtJiiC

i 

 '

Anno vkeGmo noao Gscouw 0.

Two acres* part of twelve acres, of John Flanders, at Frith Head.

4 -	,

\i} the Ely North Fen Side.

Six acres, part of nine acres, in three Tots, of Henry Morley, cfquire.

One acre and an half, part of three acres, one lot, belonging to Saint Peter’s college,

: Cambridge.

Th^ee acres, part of fix acres, in two lots, of Henry Morjky, efij; Under One acre and ?n half, ^Woodbaufe part of three acres, Farjn. one lot, of James Harknels, efquire.

Nine acres, part of eighteen afres, in fix lots, of Havy ley, efquirjb.

Eight acres, part ofr twelve acres, in four' lots, of Henry Morley, efquire. „ .	[

Twelve acres, part of" twenty five acres and *

. an half, jn eight lots : and an half, of-Hen-ryMorley, efquire.

One acre, pqrtof thred acres, one lot, of Abutting 6n Henry Morjeyy efq; >^ho road to. One acre, part of three Eittleport. c acres, one lot, of James Harknels, efq;

Three acres, one lor, of Henry, Morley, efquire, called Gull Piede.

‘ LltTLEPORT.

h\ North Fen Side, under Littlepoft Field, commonly called Wood Fen.

Nine acres of Elizabeth Meader. Three acres, part.of four acres, onfi ' lot of Henry‘May der.	*	*

1*736.

Four acres, part of fight acres, two lots, of Matthew Scurchio.

Two acres, ipart of four acres, one lot, of Matter Middloditch.

Two acres, pan of four acres, one lot, of Wijliam Gary, efquire* his heirs.	-

Four acres, part of eight acres, two - lots of ’ Latjibury, dent., * One acre and an half, part of four acres, oi*e lot of WUliam Ea/y. -One acre ani an half, part af rbur acres, one,lot, of Robert Mayes. • Two acres, part of four acres* one lot, of Johp Rartet Ray per.

Five acres, part of eight acres, two lots, of Littleport feoffees.

One acre, pajrt of four acres, one loti of John Cnttlack.

One acre and an half, part of four acres, one jot, of James Clarke.

One acre, part of four acres, one ]o(| of John Krnnell.

One acre, part of four acres, one lot* of John P4rtheriche, efquire.

One acre, part <ef four acres, qne lot, of James (flarke.

One acre, part of four acres, one Io^ of Philip Qotobed.

One acre and an half, part of four ajsrcs, one lot, of ditto.

Two acres, part of four actfes, 90* Jot, of John Creek, late Blow's. Eight acres* fccifcg twb lots* of Tbo^ mas Gilletp. ■ ^

One acre ai|d an half, part of four acres, one Jot of Pap worth Crab. * One acre anfd *n half, part of four acres, one lot, of • Lathbury. clerk,	‘

Eight acres, part of fixteen acres, four lots, of John Mayes.'

Four acres, part of eight acres, two lots, of William Porter.

Six acres, part of eight acres, two lots, of Daniel Clarke.

Six acres, part of fixteen acres, four lots, of James Clarke.

One acre and an half, part of four acres, one lot, of Ifaac Harle.

One acre and an half, part of four

acres*





175^*3	Anna vWflt^nono Gkorgii II. c. 22.	433

' acres,' o6e !bt? of marftet' John Drage.

Seven acres, part of fifteen acre*, four lots, of ditto.

Five acres, part of eight acres, two lots, of ditto.

Tv?o acres, part of four acres, one lot, of Chrlftopher Gillett.

One acre, part of four acres, one lot, of Henry Wadtjelow.

One acre, part of four acres, one lot, of Anne Braflett.

One acre, part of four acres, one lot, of Henry Waddelovf.

One acre, part of four acres, one lot, of widow Webb.

One acre, part of four acres, one lot, of William Burridge.

Three acres and an half, part of eight acres, two lots, of William Cutt-lack’s heifs.

Four acres and an Jhalf, part of eight acres, two lots, of John Parthe-riche, efquire. •

Two acres and an half, part of four acres, one lot, of Thomas Evans, efquire.

One acre and an half, part of four acres, one lot, of Thomas Gillett.

One acre and an half, part of four1 acres, one lot, of matter John Drage.	*

Two acres, part of four acres, one lot, of William Dillimore.

Two acres, part of four acres, one lot, of John Partheriche, efquire.

One acre and an half, part of four acres, one lot, of Thomas James.

One acre aod an half, part of four acres, one lot, of Matthew Wild-bore, efquire.

One acre and an half, part of four acres, one lot, of Thomas James.

One acre and an half, part of four acres, one lot, of William Dilli-more.

One acre, part of four acres, One lot, of Matthew Wildbore, efquire.

Pne acre and an half, part of four acres, one lor, of matter Thick-

Two acres, part of four acres, pne lot, of Chriftopher Crabb.

Four acres, part of eight acres, two lots, of John Partheriche, efquire.

Two acres and an. half, part of four acres, one lot, of Matthew Wild- . bore, efquire;

Six acres, part of twelve acres, three lots, of Thomas Door.

Three acres, part of eight acres, two lots, of matter Thomas Tawney.

Six acres, part of eight acres, two lots, of William Piggott.

Three acres, part of four acres, one lot, of James Clarke.

Three acres, part of four acres, one lot, of widow BJowes.

Two acres and an half, part of four acres, one lot, of matter Thomas Tawney.

Two acres and an half, part of four acres, one lot, of William Porter.

Five acres, part of eight acres, two. lots, of William Crabb.

Two acres and an half, part of four acres, oner lot, of Matthew Eburn.

Two acres and an half, part of four, acres, one lot, of John Barrett Rayner.

Eight acres, two lots, of Sir William Brown, by the Knoll.

The Knoll.

In Wqftmoor, from Grunty Fen Draiiiby the Knoll Bridge.

Twelve acres of John Barber, two lots, called Wadeload lots.

The Plains.

Seven acres, part of nine acres, of Papworth Crabb.

Six acres, part of nine acres, of Chriftopher Crabb.

Six acres, part of nine acres, of Meader’s heirs.

Four acres, part of nine acres,, of William Piggott.

Two acres, part of nine acres, of Robert Crabb.

Two acres, part of nine acres, of Chriftopher Crabb*

F f	Seven



434 An°R	no«o	GeoRGllIJ.

Seven acres, .part of, nine acres, of T wo acres, part of Gxjacres, of Mat-30,3UatHbury, clerk.”	' the* wM&re,

Four acres, pah of forty four acres, f’-- —1	ll(	JS

%PtrilftfeT^ Dbo.

Two acres, part of nine acre’s, of Sir. ,0Wiffiam Brown.

Thirteen acres, part of eighteen acres,

<; 6f TKomas Evans, efquire.,

Ffebf acris/ part of nine acres, of .Matthew Wildbore, efquire.

Three acres of Thomas Gotobed.

Six acres of mafter Skeeles.

Six acfes of Thomas Prion Seven acres of Papworth Crabb. Twenty one acres of mafter Thomas , Tawney, in two pieces.

Threeacres of the widow Waddelow. Throe acres of mafter Thomas Taw-* ney.

Five acres, part of fix acres, of Pap-worth Crabb.

Two acres, part of three acres, of glebe land,.

Two acres, part of three acres, of . William Crabb.

Three acreidf William Gary,efquire,

*	his heirs.

Three acres of Sarah Robinfon.

Three acres of widdw Gillett.

Six acres of Chriftopher Crabb, in

*	two. pieces.

Three acres of widow Godfon.

Six acres of James Chrke.

Two acres, part of three acres, of _John Crabb,

Two acres, part of three acres, of J John Cuttlack.

Tour acres, part of fix acres, of John Crabb.	1

Three ^cfes of Painter Mcader.

Four acres, part of fourteen acres, ,of : 'Matthew Wildbore, efquire.

On the fouth-weft fide of the Croft Rifci*.

From Blackiake Bridge to the Hun-•- x * dred Feet Bank.

Five acres, part of fix acres, of Abi-> gail Clarke.

T^o*cres.part^of fix acres, of Da--aid Clarke.

Qne „	.	,	.

acres, ofaarah BJowesJ Seven acres* part o£ eighteen of William Crabb, In thre^pjgcjes, Two acres, part of fix aqres, iotTRp-bert Garner. / ? * ^ J Four acfek, part of ttirejyi aefes^ of Robert CribbrertlOf.;

Seven acres, part of twWof Thomas Woodhoufejm^w^pie^y One awe, part of (went^c^pld The Cam bridge Cro ft.,. ,,,c j;iq Three acres? part of tep^cr^s^of Thomas Evans, efauirk' 3„o Seven acres of'William .Ci^Irfjj.^.,^ '

Apelhall Farms.	v

Fifteen acre# of John Fartifnohe^ efquire.	.	•	;hh.V^

Jn mafter Evans's Fartft.

Forty five acres. Five acres and

In Painter Meader’sFarn^t

Nine acres, called „

Three acres, part of acres.	•	•	*	i r

Tea acres, being the C)ld v. r Three acres, the yapds.,

Two acres, part of twelvdf	cat-

led The Haflhck GrduM.

Ten acres, part of twelve OTlsi^d* led Font’s Croft. \ ' , '..1*'^ 1 Twenty five acres, part of tftlrtyfw^ acres, of Thomas EvanS, efeuirfe. Thirteen acres, part ofeighteed aCirw, ertfPainterMeader. '■[ _ ' r'.,!

One acre and an hau beldhgirt^fo ditto.	*

Ten acres, part of tweptyf^nr atrp, of Mary Atkins, in, t wo pi eces . Four acres of "William the yards. '	,	(

Six acres, part of feven	6Tditto#

* o

Two acres, part oftwetfi Thomas Evaa^tf'v’

lint nf

 

1756.]	Anno	vicesimo 	noho	GfioiiGTl	It.	C.	22,

Fiv£ acres, part of thirteen acres of John Partheriche, cfquire.

Four acres, part of nine acres, of Robert Sutton.

Four acres, part of nine acres, of John Partheriche, efquire.

One acre of Matthew Eatter, the

bf t£n aci^i, of ditto. Five acres, part of fixteen acres, of '°Thortia$ E^ans, efquire.

Eight acres, part of forty acres, of ' Matttie^ Eafter. ,

Three acres^part of fourteen acres, of THofaas Evans, efquire.

One acre and an half, part of three ; acres, c6f John Partheriche, efquire. One acre and an half, part of nine : acres, belbnging to Welney Feoffees,

Seven acreJu part of eleven acres (be-" mg the Home Stall) of Anthony . South.

Four acr*$ of Lord Saint John (the Muftard Seed Yard).

Eleven acres, part of thirty three ^creS, of ditto, in three pieces.

On the north-eaft fide of the Croff River.

From the Hundred Feet Bank to-wards JLdttleport (theCrofts). Two acres, part of three acres, of Anthony South.

Twelve acres, part of eighteen acres,

1 of Six, William Brown.

Two acres, part of three acres, of p^aftex Eaft’s heirs.

“Six acres, part of nine acres, of Thomas Evans, efquire.

Fourteen acres, part of twenty feven -t acre?* pf \yilliam Crabb. ~

Three acres, part of fix acres, of Thomas Evans, efquire.

One acre and nn half, part of three acres, called Bre*d Bank.

Three acre*, part of fix acres, of Thomas Evans, cfquire.... fF°ur acres," part of nine apres, .of *r Robert;button.,	;

. Four acres of ditto, called tlie Yards.

Four acres and an half, part of fix acres* of Ifaac Sallis.

Seven acres, part of twelve acres, of HannahT^ylqr, ... . .	,	7

Ten acres, part of /eighteen acc^/bt Welney Feoffees. , *

Ten acres* part of feventeen1 acres, of Thomas Evans, efquire* in four, pieces.*

Nine acres, part of twelve acres, of William Gary, efquire, his heirs.

Three acres, part of twenty acres, of Thomas Evans, efquire.

Three acres, part of twenty acres, of William Gary, cfquire, his heirs.

Two acres, part of nine acres, of Painter Meader.

Four acres, part of ten acres, ofWil-liam DiJJimore.

Two acres and an half, part cf eleven

, acres, of Thomas Evans, efquire.

Six acres and an half, part of twenty acres* of William Dillimore, in two p'cces.

Three acres, part of fix acres, of Thomas Evans, efquire.

Ten acres, part of eighteen acres, of Painter Meader.

Three acres, part of twelve acres, of John Partheriche, efquire.

One acre, part of fix acres, of Thomas Evans, efquire.

4One acre and an half, part of fix acres, of Mary Atkin.

One acre and an half, part of four acres, of Thomas Evans, efquire.

Two acres, part of eight acres, of William Crabb.

One acic, part of fix acres, of Thomas Evans, efquire.

One acre and an half, part of eight acres, of William Gary, efquire, his heirs.

One acre, part of fee acres, of William Crabb.	;

One acre, part of four acres, of Thomas Clarke.

One acre and an half, part of fix acres.or matter John Drage.

One acre, part of fix acres, of William Piggott.

F t 2	One



««

Arwio vicp^^ono

One acre, pajt offour acref, of Tho- In Mow .Fen, fcetwMt^jle^ J^Jr^tJge _ ,tnas Evans, douire.	and	the	phjur}o ’ u.

Six acres, part of eighteen acres, of Two acres and an ha#*pjfffc)P* j fix . William Gary, efquire, his heirs. acres, of Mary Mo^	./

Nine acres, part of eighteen acres, /Two acres, part of fix at^.efExan-. of Thomas Evans, elquire, in two cisHyde. ,	...

. pieces.	Two	acres	and	an hilfi

Four acres and an half, part of eight acres, of John V<oy«*„,

acres, of Thomas Prior.

One acre of Thomas Evans, efquire.'

Two acres, part of three acres, of ditto.

Six acres, part of fixteen acres, of Si^aics of Daniel Claris' h , , ; the widow Brauett.	Six	acres	of	John Love

One acre and an half, part of three	-	-	-----

acres, of Thomas Clarke.

Four acres, part of fix	Jp$n

Barren Raynen, , .•, { JC , 7 : Twelve acres of Paime^M^ lots.

H'T

Six acres, part of nine acres, of Walton, clerk.

Five acres of ditto.

One acre, part of three acres, of widow Sindali.

Two acres, part of four acres, of Thomas Clarke.

Two acres, part of eight acres, of Lathbury, clerk.

One acre, part of two acres, of Thomas Prior.

Two acres, part of twelve acres, of John Barrett Rayner.

Two acres, part of fix acres, of Thomas Brafiett.

Two acres, part of eight acres, of WfM&m Gary, efquire, his heirs;

One a£re and an half, part of feven acres, of Thomas Brafiett.

One acre and an half, part of fix acres, of Henry Youngs.

Two acres, part of iixteen acres, glebe land.

One acre, part of eight acres, of William Wilkinfon.

Two acres and an half, part of nine acres, of John Cuttlack.

Four acres, part of fixteen acres, of Henry Waddelow.

One acre and an half, part of fix acres, of John Cuttlack.

Two acres, part of fixteen acres, of Robert Crabb, junior.



Six acres of Daniel Clarity , -r. four acres, part of fix?cp$»ipf A»Uo. Three acres and an half-, part of; fix acres, of Robert Crabb, fenior.

SOUTHERY, under tho.Weft.

Bank of the river Ouze.

Half an acre, part of twelvp, acres of Sir Robert Bur-1 TnNia dett.

One acre, part of eighteen \ , acres, of ditto.	J

One acre, part of twelve acres, bee longing to the lady of Southery (Canham’s Farm).

One acre, part of four acres,.of ditto (Gregory Porter’s form).

One acre, part of four acres, of Ifaac Cockram.

One acre, part of four aqres. of Woodhoufe’s.	:

Half an acre, part of twentw acres, of Ifaac Cockram (Ward’s farm).

HELGAY..

Six acres, part of fifty two a£res,<>f Ifaac Cockram, in, four pieces (Wolley’s Yard).

Two acres, part of four a,cfes4 qf dit-‘ to (Wolley’s Yard)..	'

Two acres and an half, part of tw«n-. ty five acres, of Sir Robert Burdett (Roper’sfarm), ...	.,

One acre, part of tw. afero^ drSis‘ Cecil Wray, called Baker’s HilJ. ^

1 '	'	• h f!» .MU! " ?1!». I . i'V

' ■ '	^	.	).JuL	-JA*





Ty'^SVf	Anna	vitefiifctftiolid	Gfcdttdrf	fl.	e.	13.

TWa'^a^^Jah'lfalf, pah ttfhirief acres, of Chfiftbpncr Barkham r ( FVior^S^fartifi). f One acre, pare of deverj acres (Hel-gayj Fcofifefes*)/ ■ 1 4 ' *

One acre, part of eleven adrfcs, of WHli4ra7Gilfoway.

Four acres, part of-forty acres, of Sir Cecil Wray, {Harland's)^

Two acres, part of one hundred acres,' Hdgay’s Poor’s Land.

Two acres, part of thirty acres, of Chriftopher Galloway, caHed Tiffany’s.

Six acres, part of fifty acres, ofmif~

' 'ttefs Shikh, called Dotnan's.

DENVER. f One acre, part of twenty ach*, glebe land.	:

Two acres, part of five fc£re$, \q£ Abraham Wardle.

Seven acres and an half, part of forty one acres, of King Whirred^ it* three pieces (Hopkins's farm). Five acres of Lot-d Saint John (Lang-man’sfarm).

Weiney, by the Hundred FfeetBartk: Eighteen acres of William Greaves, efquire, (part of Flower’s farm). Six acres, part of twenty acres, called Filher’s Croft



CAP. XXIII.

Ah

all	for encouraging the fi/heries in that part of Great

Britain called Scotland.

XXrHE JtEAS the extending and improving of the British ftfl#-VV /Ty jV of great importance to this kingdom, as it not only adds

conftdorabig.to the national wealth, but is moreover	nurfery

of able feafien for the publiek fervite:- and whereas the fame is greatly obfruited by certain reflriliions, exalt ions and regulations, to which	■'	>

thefijhers' and curers of fijb in North Britain are , either by cdftont‘Of the laws now in force: and whereas it further	•	>

that it would be very advantageous to trade in general, as well as to thrfijberiye if the faid exaliions and rejlriHions were taken off, and fuch Mpw regulations made, as are more accommodated to

drctttfijTanctt of both: and whereas by an alt made in the third Jeff-	1 -<• • ■ - 1

on of the firjl parliament of the late Queen Anne, in Scotland, in-tttuled, An a& for advancing and eftablilhing the fifhing trade Q^en^nne iq and about that kingdom,	all her Majefyfubjelis of that king- in Scotland.

drift are'authorized and impowered to take and eure herring and	O

white fiffiin all and fundry	thefeas, channels, hays, firths, lochs, rivers and fo forth, of that her Majefy's kingdom and ifhnds thereto	>

belonging, wherefoever herring or white fijh are or can be takenand for their greater convenient?, to have the free ufe of all ports, hours,	fhores,forelands and others, for banging in, pickling, drying,

unloading a*>dloading the fame, upon payment of the ordinary dues where harbours are built, that is, fucb as are paid for Jhips, boats , and other goods; and difcharges all other exaliions,	out night's

fijbing in the uieek, commonly called Saturday’s filhing. Top-money,

Stallage, and the Hie: and for the further explaining, enforcing •" and amending the faid law; may it pleafe your moft excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enabled by the King*® - • • molt extdllttitthajefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lord*ifpiritual and temporal and commons in this present parlia- power • en merit aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and to inhabitant* after the twenty fifth day of June one thoufandfeveo hundred and to take, buy

- Ff3	fifty

Digitized

zed by 

143*	Anpo	tvj\o	Gpo^u.	£3.

fiftrttw" fifjcy fix,. ftU pfrfons whatfoever,; phphitant#	Britain,

"yV *^IC^ thjui, 1 and they fie hsretyy 4cc^ai;e4 to^ive SSrf&fai-^y* a- ?'* times and fcafons,■ when Ml; or nver* in freely to take*, buy from filharipan, awt.mc^

Scotland, or ling or any otjier fort 9f white fiih,i inaH^d cverj^	Ibe

|n«nds thereto chanels, bays, firth*, lochs* pyoiff or oth^iwa^r^M**#* belonging. fuch are t0 be found, on thp coarts of	$&**

Britain called Scotland^ and pf Orkney, Shetland** ^n,d\ail *>ther islands belonging to tha\t part of Great Ant#** cal)t^ ScH^wh any law, ftatute or cuftom,4to tl)etcoaUary) in any w\fp *ipt-1001. penalty withftanding: and if any pjtripn or.peffo^avh?^ ft^ngthe afler the twenty fifth day of June<of&

filhery, or ta* and fifty fix, under any pretend ,wfiat(gew%	bil-

king any gra- ftrudfr or hinder any perfipn or persons from fiflfingaf afarefidd, tuhyf°rliw- in moonlight nighu, or at any other tifue whajjej^t, mdtfhor ty ot tuning. or *n ^ny part Qf the fa*j fea^ chanels, bajs* fifl0skh yivers, or other waters as aforefaid, or shall demand 3 octijecaffe any gratuity or allowance whatfoever, either in monpy* r otherwife, under the name of Saturday Nizh?s Fijbing* oc fapder any other name or pretence whatfoever, from any hiper rower other perfon, for the liberty of filhing in all or any, on in <Hty part of the faid feas, chanels, bays, fifths, lochs,, river* md other waters, as aforefaid, every fuch person fljalJ* fp* ^very fuch offence refpe&ively, forfeit the film of one hundred pounds sterling, to be recovered in manner herein after diro$td ; any Jaw, ufage or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding* ,,^a ’» Vo The ufe of II. And be it further enabled by the authority a fore (aid,-That ports, har- all and every person or peifons empldyed in tbexfaid fifh*ry*/on hour*, and the coafts of that part of Great Britain called Setfkndi.At^on *Jic ed°fo^landUi*g fa,d coafls °f Orkney, Shetland\ or any of the faid UJantf** ihaJl nets, erecting have and exercife the free ufe of all ports, harbours^ (boteft and Sages and forelands, in that part of Great Britain called S&i&tdy tcnt.s»	Orkney, Shetland, or any of the (aid iflands, below fh$»higbtit

furpig nw.	water	tnark,	and	for the fpace of one hundred,yard*#d aoy

wafte or uncultivated land, beyond fi|ch mark, withkv the land, for landing their new, calks, and other materials* uftnfifir arid ft ores, and for ere&ing tents, huts and ftages, andforitattaMl-ing, pickling, curing, drying, and reloading their fifl^ wHhaat paying any foreland or other dues, or any other fium ea taffif of money, or other confideration whatfoever, for fuch lit^erly* dt-cept as hereafter excepted ; any law, ftatute or cuftpai whatfe-tool penalty cver to f^c contrary notwithftanding: and if any perfofVvPtper-on demand big fons Hiall prefume to demand or receive any dups, faros ' or taking (och ney, or other confideration whatfoever, for the ufe of *oyftich confideration ports, harbours, (hores or forelands, within the bnfitsafo^fiud, fo made ufe of for the purposes aforefaid, or Jhatt prefanbcio pbftruft the fifhermen Qr other persons employ^ in.idle taking, buying, or curing of fifti in the ufe of the fames,>e^cry pctfcn fo offending (ha|l, for every filch offence, forfeit the	ot one

* hundred pounds sterling* to bp covered and ievi#d ^n\oi4nncr hpt^in after dirp^ed.	^	w/

’	,	m. Provided





* 75^1	hdrifc Gfetiftitf H. Hi £3.	'439

HI? Provided ‘always, T^hat nothing in this aft fcontaih£d, ^*fci^*tblexempt the veflila or boats employed in the faid rfryyfobrii'tfie payment of Toch harbour or pier dues as arc arid fowtaorpipia. *by law bright to be demanded for (hips, vftTds ok boats, In pie^s ?■	.

Harbotirs, which are built or artificially made, but tint Yuijih ^mrbouf ot pier dues shall be paid in like manner as the fame r, '	.1

'Were liable to be paid before the pafling of this aft*	*

t- ^ Arid whereas It is found by experience that the barrels now ikfed fioripatking and putting up of white herrings and wet white fijh,

-in -that patt of Great Britain called Scotland, are net of proper tbr&nifi : be it farther enaftqd by the authority aforefsid, That Staves *#irom arid after the twehty fifth day of June one thousand feven ting barret to Hiurrdred attd fifty eight, the ftaves of all barrels in which fuch tetaltanmch -ftfti flttfl be packed Or pot up, shall be at lead one half part of^t Um*ou^ iA thicknefs throughout, of made work; arid if after the fWid iwerity fifth day of June one thousand feven hundred arid *ft^t*i^ht; anV barrel or barrels containing fuch fifh, shall be found ?0'be or a lefs thicknefs, than one half part of an i§ch in

part Of the faid barrel, any officer of customs or excite, or bn penalty of any tnremaftfcr \riJScotlahd, are hereby authorized and required tp being coivfif-vfeizethe fame, and upon proof thiereof before Any two	withtbe

"of the peace, the owner or proprietor of fuch fi(h shall forfoi|hll,#

:both fifh and barrel.	.*	'	1; '

— '’V. And whereas by an at1 made in the fifth fear of the reign 'of% Ann. c. S. ~£gueeh Anne, intituled, An act for an union of the two kingdoms ox England and Scotland; it is enabled, That from and after the ' union, the laws and afts of parliament in Scotland for pining, curing, v' "r,T packing of herrings, white fijh and falmon for exportation, with t \

^foreign fait Only, without any mixture of Britifh or Irifh fait, be con-_ finked in force in Scotland, fubjcfl to fuch alterations as shall he . ■ ' ^

1 made by a Britifh- parliament; and that for ejldbrijhing an equality )n	’•

• trade, Ottfijh exported from Scotland to parts beyond the feas, which	' f

ijbouldlbttufid with foreignfait only, without any mixture ^Britijh	1 V ; ^ .

or Irifh fait, Jhould have the fame cafes, premiums and drp%bach,

»dr were1 or Jhould be allowed to fuch perforis as expert the like fijh fr apt , i Endand ^ by xvhlth entitling clause the curers of fijh in that paritbf OrJat Britain called Scotland, are refirifled and debarred firm ufing either Britifh fait, or a mixture y Britifh and foreign fail, in i<the wring Of any kind of fijh fot etportdtion, (Aid have riotthe Tiberfy ef taking fait face of aiitffirm fhf fait worksfor curing offijhjor 'exportation, w rich rejlritlicti arid prohibition are found by experience tobo very detrimental to the fifiring trade of that part of Great Bri-	•	v.	.

tain Coded Scotland : and whereas byfynafl made in the fifth year* r ;	:	k

1[cf the feign of his latemajejiy King George ihe ]Pirjt, intituled,' An 5 Get-*• i^Sa® for recovering the ereaitbf the Britf/h Rthety in foreign parti, and for belter Teeming the duties on fait ;* the curer) offijh in'that pari'0f(5ft&t Britain called England' are allowed to rife either ft* ttign\ or Britifh fait, or to mix them in curing tf any kind of fifa9 'and al&'>fo import foreign fait, and take fait front the fait works > wtibeoti pdybig'hriy duty for the fame, except the cujfdmi payable on fitch foreign fait at the importation thereof, fori turftig df 'fifbfor ex-T I*	F	f 4	portation

 

• no ^ntnvf poKtattmtyly:	tfa

jfcGow.tfot*. rrlgwf hhMt wqsjl} King Gwrgft thA Firjh imutohnkn&^tot 'il" J ' ’Mi° taking off the dpty ppo* fal$	curingasd	Wt^krgnof

;w^nc herrings 5 and inftead th^r^of laying* prttRQriiootableiduty M>on ajl white herrings cqpfuorwli^t Mgm.mty tfaiiurass^ white herrings in that part of Great Britain called England ^tuo* allowed,, to ufe fuel? foreign and Bjrjtj/h Juft & JhoM An#fZizWrW to them duty-free for the curing offfbfox 4UpormikUiidA\^ cun/tag of white herrings for home c*nfhunptipny upon payment	-tb&ef

Jhillings and four pence for every barrel of fuck yuhtfg hrrufigi. as Jhould be entered for home confumption, under certainrJgtolgifand '4md penalties in the faid aft mentioned: and whereas theJxtooAinQitke fold provifions and regulations in the fetid afts made j in JbAijffiituud eighth years of the reign of his faid Late Majejly^wotdft do&L U+iie encouragement and improvement of the fjberies in	and4o

the benefit and advantage of the united kingdom s beit)tb*rcfbte further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That fran^auM wfiter Liberty given l^c twenty fifth day otjuneone. thousand feven hundreds fid-fifty to import to- fix,"it shall and may be lawful for any person or period reign fait, and foever in that part of Great Britain called Scot landvto iilftpen to take BritiCH foreign fait, and to take Britijb fait there from the felt works, a t>	without paying any duty for the fame, for curing of fift foe oi-

for curing fi(h gortation only; except the customs payable upon the iaapom-for expoitati* tion of fuch foreign (alt) and that it shall and may be lawful on, duty-free $ for any person or persons whomfoever, in that partof Graft BrU Importation *a*n ca!'ec* Scotland, to pfe any fuch foreign or Britifh hh^s {hull wSpted.0n delivered duty-free for curing of fifh for exportation, iq the curing of white herrings for home confumption; and tligt tive faid adi made in the fifth year of the reign of hi$ faid date Ma-j Geo. i. c.iL jefty* intituled^ An act for recovering the credit of the BritiQi^fftr-ry in foreign parts, and for better feint ing the duties an faft v -and alfo the faid a<ff made in the eighth year of the reign Qfihta.&kl I Geo. j.c.j6. late Majesty, intituled. An act for taking off the duty upon all.fait ’ ufed in the curing and making of white herrings > uni inftead thereof laying a proportionable duty upon dll white herrings confumed&t. keme . extended, un- only ; ancj every claufe, regulation, exemption, peoaUy^ptinUh-meat* provifo, rule, article, matter apd thing vyhatfoeyer^nahe Scotland, ^ ^ a^s contained, fo far as relates to the curing of jifli for exportation with fait, without payment of duty, and lifaewife £>rhe several rates or fums of money allowed upon ,the oiporfcatito.*of fifh from thpt part of Great Britain nailed England^ andjalfa^o the curing of White herrings for home confumptioh:(qfccepttbe impofition of the faid duty of three (hillings and fourpence^r barrel) shall be, and the fame are hereby declared tq./extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, in as, full anilample manner as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in	is pre-

fent a# j any thing in the faid afts or in any other adt ^parliament contained to the contrary notwithftaruhaghvi ‘rifhl io A duty of ja., VI, And be it further enabled by the aptboriiji/afctfafaicJ,

, per barrel ' That for every barrel of white herrings_e»n!^

]W^VB Ions, entered for home confumptipn hi that; gattnfiGreat fia-



tairi^&ti'Sltttand, the ptfbprtelbr of faeh herrings shall pay £ hemn«en. *ku» ©f<bn44hllling, and fo in-proportion for every half barrel i aanner^dM togulatlons end petwdties prefcribed and irrf^ded id eonfumpooo. thrifaUflafr mentioned aft, ror'the afcertaining, colteftjrtg, arid 'wecwaringth* faid duty of 'three (hillings and four petice f/fr Junreli' •j** • * —* 1 ■

>.	-ViL-And be it farther’enabled by the authority aforefaid,

Tbori* (halt and may be lawful to carnr and bring from any ■sport of thhtpart of Groat Britain called Scotland, to any port of Mint fattestGreat Britain called England, white herrings cured \jwkh.ifrvr#hor foreign fstk,' the persons bringing the laid her- amj JS, 4d.p«r ring; tato England, dominion of ff'ales, and town of Berwick barrel (or her* vapon ^tMAff paying at the port to which the fame shall be rings brought brcMght tlwee•(hillings and four pence for every barrel of fuch JJJJJ f”tf^d* cwbtte (bettings, containing thirty two gallons, which shall be there for ^entered! then* for home confumptton; and fo in proportion for home con. jewery haif or ^barter barrel.	fumption.

'yi . VllL And whtrees by an a£imade in the fifth year of the reign s	c.«.

-efJdspreftnt Maytfly ,intituled. An act for reviving the duties on	■*

>udt forthe term therein mentioned; it was enabled. That it	.	j

Lemd might bo lawful to carry and bring from any port of that fort if	,'L.

- Great Britain called Scotland, to any port of that part of Great -Britain called England, white herringscured with fait made in Scot* •	'

> land, thi perftn or ptrfym bringing the	faid white herrings into England ipaytng at tht port to which the fame Jhould be brought, two	*

Jbilliugs and four pence for every barrel, containing thirty two gallons, of	Jtich white herrings brought from Scotland, and in proper- •	o

Attn for -half ■barrels,' under certain regulations,	and	pe-

nalties in the faid a£l mentioned: and whereas if liberty were alfo -granted to bring falmon, cod, ling, tujk, and other whitecured ' a ' •with Jalt made in Scodand, into any port of that part of Great ! Britain called England, for home confumption, tht fame would tend • to the benefit and advantage of both parts of the united kingdom; be ' ’	3	*

\ittherefore further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Thatb^eltobe from and after the twenty fifth day of June one thousand feven paid for ft|-_ hundred and fifty fix, it shall be lawful to carry and bring, from roon, con? aj^d any port of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to any port of that part of Great Britain called England, for home confump- sco^h^a^ itiotH any falmon, cod, ling, tufk, and other white fifh, cured and imported with fait made in Scotland, for which the duty hath been there into England-paid or fecured, the person or persons bringing fuch fi(h intof,r ho.mc con~ .England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweedy rumPtlon» myiag at the port to which the fame shall be brought, two fhil-liftfss and four pence for every barrel, comaining thirty two .ulionaof fuch ti(h wtt; and fo in proportion for a greater or klfer quantity ; and one (hilling and two pence for every hun- and for dry drfd weight of fuch fi(h dry; and fo in proportion for a greater fifo «*■ *d; or lefler quantity-	^	per C. weighs

,1 IX-uAndbeit further ena&ed by the authority aforefa^» Filh cur^ ift That itfhall andmay be lawful to carry or bring, from any port Scotland, may orpiace of thi* part of $re$t Britain called Sfoflantf, dr thi islands '	thereunto

-

4ft*	GrAdhaWlcJifittn

reexpormf- tharrwtro belonging, to any portmf lhufptAfbtfz!lV&t'&t%t& ^	called	England,	for re-exportation* irfy IMfin^^fkliffdn^c^

^ 1 ling, tu(k; and other white fifh, %Kfc owner of w:

of the veflet, making oath that fuoh fi(h w*$ bright1 fc*5;A^A ^Britain,. or oh the coafts thereofy and cored wittf ?blftHet?wered duty-free from feme part of Great Britain, and when artdH^hefre *the fame was fd delivered.	*	;	.	- rj»	»

Bounty allow- X. And be it further enadtodtfrv the ability afi^GBd^nWit ed on the ex- frdm and after the find twenty fifth'day of iJirte :oxtity ihhtllhld portationof .Seven hundred and fifty fix? all (hch herwi^,^r»#ois	4Shg,

fuch fith to fo- and any other white fi(h, (b brought cotfftwife frbflfl&aT-reign par s,	into England, dominion of iVhks, and town

Tweed, shall upon exportation thereof, or y part therWrfv^ foreign parts, be imitled to the fame allowanced -by the faid aft paflfed in the fifth year of the* reign of -l?M hkfc on conform- majefty King Gecrgethe Firft, intituled; An aftforrttevCi&hfbe ingso aft 5 credit of the Britilh fijbery in foreign parti \ and for fott&fenbing ,Veo**+ c: **• the duties onfait, are grimed on the exportation:offKh<tUred'm "	that part of Great Britain called England * Aieh "Ml hc*i ng*firfh-

jcft to the fame rules and regulations, in order Jtb preWwtflK© relanding or reimporting thereof* and the owners theft*#!ftob-jeft to the fiuhe penalties in eafe of telanding, of any Othet*ftfctf-dulent proceeding, in order to Obtain the laid botmrfdl^ the faid aft are preferibed and irtflifted, in regard to fim »PWed in, and exported from, that-part of Great Britbin' land\ any thing to tho contrary'thercoffrt ifry wlfenotWirtK frandine:.	r	.	- - ,•» ^	:	n

Ec^jenture to XL Provided always, ^ be it^ ehaftedy That rtO hftoWati& r granted for or bounty granted by this aft,* shall be paidb in ’tK«t pait*<Af the bounty, Great Britain Called England, <lominiorr of fValet^ fcrfd totofl^f Berwick upon Tweed:\ but the chief officer of the cdftomsf Oi^hfe . -deputy, at the port or place from which fach (Hh(hdttfhe,>fd-.	1	.	ijpeftively	exported,	(hall	upon	the	requeft	of rhe ptnfbwW'pttf-

■fens exporting the fame, and oath made befofe thb priflftpbi 'officers of the faid port. Who are hereby impowered teradniii-mifter the fame, of the (hipping of the laid fith, andltywetbfc-; r	frig rdanded, or intended to berdanded in Great Btii&d)

a debenture under his hand, without delay,-fee or reWafd, 'fifr and to be paid payment Gf the faid allowances or bounties y whlcHdebermitt in Scotland. being produced to the commiflioners of the cufotrisf or

commiffioners of the excife (at the option of the exporter of> his afligns) in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, fhall’intirtc the exporter of fuch fi(h, or hte afltgns, to the paymerir-ofvfftc bounties granted by this aft, which the faid eommi(Trofiertf^ hereby required to pay out of any money rcrarihingtnthat hands, arifing by any branch of his MajeftyVcuftcWsbriexclfo, regard being had to tbe priority dLthe dalle* of the-faid debeti, tyres m the payment thereof. -	; t "</♦

£ntry to be XII. Provided always, and be it further enaftidj that .tl^p tijade at the pfopr.etbr or proprietors of fuch herrings, ftlmtMtithd twdj'oWifift,al 01111	«ny	fliiporveiTtlw	any-pojtor jjlace

 

*7$$*)’ •	GscswhII.c.&f. 4*9

in	$*9tU{*h pi tU^fifUnd* thereunto belonging, to be trtWporti- <Mw>edjfara-

orea*U«d to any, port pr $ace in England, dominion fVakh fit -town of Berwick upon. 3"weed, whether, for home eon- home e*n_ fumption, or exportation to. foreign parts, or thejr refpoftrtc fumption, or <a£pnt$, shall before any fuoh.lhip or veftel depart from fuch port exportations* ■Pit place in Scotland,or the islands thereunto belonging* make a full and particular entry with the collector, or other principal offifef pf th<; customs there, of the fiih fo (hipped,! oxpreffing r . the number of barrels of wet filh, with the marks and numbers thereof, and the number and weight of each Cpecies of dryfilh; ■ • • ajnd declare upon oath, that the faid filh ware cured in Stetbwd, or. on. the coafts thereof j and whether they were cured, with fait •covered duty free, or with fait for which the duty payable by the above,mentioned ad bath been paid pr fecured ; and that the laid (alt was taken on board from fome port or place in Great JErltedn and when and where it was foput on board.; and that j>o drawback for the fame hath been bad, or intended to be had, upon the exportation of the (aid fait; which oath the faid col- and 'officer to' lecW, or> other principal officer of the customs is hereby autho- adminflter an rized to adminifter, and i* likewife required to grant and deliver	^nd

-ii9 the rnauer of fuch (hip or veflel without delay, fee or reward, grant* ter tilt, cartifw ate pt cocquet, under his. hand, that fuch entry.or err- Scare, which tries, qath or oaths, have been duly made; and that the mafter >* to be delU of every (hip or veflel, wherein fuch lift) shall be (hipped or put officer of an board, to be carried coaftwife as aforefaid, or the proprietor the cuitome qr proprietors, or their refpe&ive agents, do, before landing or in England, putting on (hore the (aid filh, or any part thereof, or putting it before the On board any other (hip or boat, in apy port or place in Eng-	<£J5~

Jfind,dominion of JValtf, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, de&-	^	™

ver, the laid certificate or cocquet to the proper officer of the curtains in the port or place where the fame shall be imported, brought ib* t>r landed, or put on bosyd any other (hip or .boat, upon pain of forfeiting all fuch filh, and alfo double the value PeBtlt3r* 'thereof, that shall be imported, brought in, or landed, or put on board any other (hip or boat, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof and likewife the calks or veflels in which fuch filh (ball be found ; to be recovered of the importer or proprie- Recovery and liter of the fifti, or of the mafter of the (hip or veflel in which application of Jho&me shall be imported and brought in, one moiety of alltte PeaaltT< Which penalties and forfeitures to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs .and fiicceflors, and the other moiety to the officer or officers,

Whe-ffislt feize, foe, or inform for the lame; to be fued for, re-covered, and levied, in fuch. manner, and with focli power of mitigation, as. any fine, penalty or forfeiture, may be luedfor, recovered, levied and mitigated by any law of excife, or by aifliou of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVeftminJler, wherein no eflbin, protection, privilege or wager of law shall be granted or allowed, nor gny more than.one imparlance; and all officers of his Majesty’s officef* of the .ouftomaor duties upon.fait are hereby authorized and impow- cuftoim and ««4 tofeJDe.all %h hcrringSt f^mon, cpd, Unfojjq^c, or any fat« duties, ■

•j	other	““y *****

 ^.ooQle

Am

fifh imported contrary toj this aft.

Application of the4aue*, on fifh import-ed into England from Scotland.

Counterfeit • ing, See. any cocquet, or ufing the fame deemed for-

scfy-

t Geo. t. c. 6. In part repealed.

sop 1. and one year’* imprisonment, penalty on per-fons making a falfe oath.

Penalties and forfeitures bow to be recovered and applied.

Copy of this aS tobetranf-mitted to the minifters of certain parifh-es in Scotland, to be read to the paritbion-trsi

Awno vioefitao ftom	<8l(Cr ^§5.

ooher whkie fifh imported, brought In, or1#nd^ df^ut on

boitfd any other <hip or boat, contrary to1 the

meaning of this aA, and aMb the cfcflrt arid vcflfeW Jti

of the fatd fpeeves of fifh (hell found.	. i v l o^rr/r

XIIL And be it further enaAed by-the That the several rates and duties vthfch shall %e ehhrged *by virtue of this aA upon fifh brought from Sebtladd', or thd Inlands thereunto belonging, into England, tf^ates^ov Befttfrct: up6n Tweedy as aforefaid, shall be levied, chargedbrought? iri, applied, iflued and difpofed of to the fatrii pttfpofesi fh the fame proportions, as the duties upon fait arid *6fck jMf* arfif ate duties upon red herrings and white hetrings,;are brought in, applied, iffued and difpofed of bf virtud^f^by-aS or aAsof parliament now in force.	,	: -,

XIV.	And be it further enaAed* Thfct if ariy*perife^ok^ fons do prefume to counterfeit, rafe, Or alter any CAfififcaf^Gf cocquet, by this aA direAed to be made $ or fhalldfet^ahy1!!!^-certificate or cocquet, knowing the fame to be (b ooubfcrffeited, rafed or altered, fuch person or persons shall iriciir the p&fos which are by law infliAed on persons found guilty offorg^ry^

XV.	And be it further enaAed by the authority atbr^fiSf*

That fo much of an aA patted in the ftfth year of tfie rtigri^f his present Majesty, intituled. An act for reviving the duties art fait, as relates to the importation of white herririgs frorri «SV^f-land into England, be, and is hereby repealed.- -	: -	j

XVI.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid.

That if any person shall falfly make any oath by this aA direAed to be made, and shall thereof be legally conviAed * itf* afiy of; his Majesty’s courts of record in Great Britain, fucK perfonjfo guilty Inall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, and be iriq-prifoned for twelve months.	'	\	v.

XVII.	And be it further enaAed by the authority afoftSfihJ, That the several penalties and forfeitures in this aA mentioned, shall and may be profecuted and determined by bill, plain* orr information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record qt minjler, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland rcfpfcByq^:, -? whetein no effoin, proteAion or privilege, wager of law, or more , than one imparlance shall be atlowed ; and one moiety.of the T faid penalties and forfeitures shall be to the ufe of his A^jefty, and the other moiety to fuch person or persons as will fue toror : profecute the fame.

XVIII.	And to the end that no person in the highlands of Scotland, or the remote iflarids thereunto belonging, iqpy pretend to be or remain ignorant of thofe regulations, which mow immediately concern them, be it therefore further enaAedby the authority aforefaid, That the truftees for the filhery andmi-nufaAures of Scotland fhall, as foon as may be, tranfmitonecqpy.. . of this aA to each of the minifters of the several parifhe^whhin the fynods of Argyk, Rofs, Murray, Sutherland and Cqitbnefbiiid Orkney \ and that each of the faid minifters (hall, hnmwwe^ after* divide feryice,, on the la (I Sunday of the mohiti of jtdajf in

every

 

1356J1	Awio/ionfuf q	Sillt <x> «<&.	44$

ferfoftr f«ccefliya years, (Jomnapicin|jwithiiih« yeiur t-My-’i"' •*•••> tlwHfrflifeven hundred ant} fiftyfeven, ,poblick;lyyaadibty, aod difw.dtyi wad to his ppdftikmers, in the langdage beftxm-derftood by them, the foitncr part of this a$t, from the-begin-ningjthfiripof;to the copelyfion of the third enactingdaufe; and	A

alfp .that the judge* of Scotland shall order the faid part of this ?"<>'atfeby the’ aA.to fee pphlickly, audibly* and diftinaiyread at the opening of each circuit court, to he held at Invcraro and fnvernefs every	■*	r

ye^r for fpui; y$ars fu^effivejy, begitmiog in the year one thou-	^

iai^jd (ev^,hundred and fifty (even.

hKIX. And he it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

Th^t if1^ny> ^or> or fuit ft\ajl be commenced againft any per-fqq orpewnsfor any thing donc in purfuance of this ad, the defendant or defendants in any fuch adion or fuit, may plead the -

and give this ad, and the fpecial matter in evi- General Ifltie. ] deqeev at; any trial to be had thereupon; and that the fame was done inpurfuance, and by the authority of this ad: and if ft ,	.	.

(hall appear fo to have been done, the jury shall find for the de-fondant 03 defendants; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonfuitpd, or difcontini^ his or their adion or adions, .after the dffpndaht or defendants shall have appeared ; or if judgment	>

fhali bfi given upon any verdid or demurrer againft the	>

plaintiff; tlip defendant or defendants shall and may recover	1

treble cpfts* and have the like remedy for the fame, as any de- Treble coft«. fendant or defendants have in other cafes by law*

CAP. XXIV.

An aSt for granting to bis Majejly certain fums of money out of the finking fund, and applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer, for the Jervice of the year one tboufam feye# hundred and fifty fix.

Mdft gracious Sovereign,

TJfTE your Majefty*s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeds the com-VV mens of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, being de-firous to faife the refidue of the necessary fupplies, which we havechdotfully granted to your Majesty in this session of parliament, by wavs and means the leaft burthenfome to your Ma- , jefty’s fbbjeds, have refolved to give and grant to your Majesty the funis herein after merttiondd; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enaded ; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent Majesty, by and with the , advfcd anff'eonfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons iti this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the feme, That the sum of two hundred fifty five thou-	^

fend rlirie hundred and'fifty five pounds; eleven shillings, and dus of the >. »? eleven ptn<te halfpenny, remaining in the receipt of the fixche- unking fund; r qutr, df the incotrie of the furplufles, cxcefles, overplus monies, retnaming in <,.% and tevehdes, compofing the fund, commonly called	quarl*

Binh'nr	the'	quarter	ended the fifth day of April one ter endin*

“• *■&............................   -	•	':l thoulknd irU

Vru

1	 (jOO^l^

1 ‘ ■	1	J.5

i n * yllT.rt it w <-nu

*i 'v ;■

c^iu’^no't >* *A>ii V’'11 (V-M^VOS /iiiuqqs

Ann© vkeftmo hone 6fc8fcfeTlTt. & 84?/>l

thoufand feven hundred and'fifty fix, fhalland may be jflued and applied, for and towards the fupply granted to his* Majefiy, for the fenrice of the year one thousand feven hondred'ind andthecoitimiffioners of his Majesty’s trealbfy, of aiiy’ttirtetr or more of tWln now being, or the high trtafta^r, . w Any three or more of the coramUfioners of die tfeafary for 'the time being, are hereby authorized and impowered {Q tfTuO and apply the lime accordingly.	.

II.	And be it further enadTed by the authority' aforefiU That by or out of fuch monies as shall thereafter froth time To time be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the fur-piufies, excefles, overplus monies, and other rev emits corbfbfitlg

^	.	the faid fund (after paying, or refefving fufficient to pay, all fuch

out	ofZ’r‘^um*	money as have been direffed by any former1**^ or a£b

growing pro- of parliament to be paid out of the fame) there (hat) and may duceof the in like manner be iflued and applied, a fumnot eXCefdftg; the laid fund, fum of one million and three hundred thousand pounds, for atid towards the faid fupply.	•’

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority afortffeM, That the several fums amounting In the whole to fbi1 ttini of

miming in the e'ghly l^ree thousand four hundred and twelve podri<ftT^tWo exchequer,un- Ihillings and five pence halfpenny, remaining in the t'eddfpt qf appropriated, the exchequer, being monies difpofeable by patlianieAffbr the grantedforthe publicfc fervice, be in like manner iflued and applied it the ftid

Stli' for ** towards thc faid i^Pply-

IV.	And whereas it may fo happen, That there may le d ijrirtl tf money for carrying on the current fervice of the year itfe v mdfemi

The aforefaid fi^^ hundred and fifty fix, before monies fufficient may %hbe<aftfbi 1 too oool **lt0 ttriepitr, froh the faid furpluffies, exceffes% if dtfyfbt may°be bo’r- wnits^tammonly called The finking fund to fatisjy andpdy ipifili rowed on the fvnt of one million and three hundred thousand pounds > ^hy ibii a$ credit of the granted; jt fuch cafe it shall and may be lawful to ihd 'fbr'Htf fitkfcfctg fund. conutoiflioners of his Majesty’s treasury, or any tfifee or f.	store of them now befog, or the nigh treafurer, or iity tftrt* of

more of the commifitoners of the treasury for the ttoie belrig^ by warrant under their hands, to permit and ftrfftr any'WSffiSi or persons, body or bodies poKtick or corporate, to lend unto his Majesty, at the receipt of his excheijubfi fo mdefi money as together with the monies then remaining ini Jthe exchequer, of the faid fiirplufles, excefles or overalls ^monies, Shall be wanting to compleat the faid fum of one million ^nd three hundred thousand pounds, upon the credit of the grw* ing produce of the faid furplufles, excefles or overpld* mofries, and to be repaid out of the fame, as they shall quartto^'ift^ wards arife, together with interest for the forbearanife rfietedfin the mean time; any thing herein before contained fb the contrary notwithftanding.

with 83,41*1. *8,

- CAP.

 L.00Q le

I j Anjw	rK,	fyZfr. A 4|%

:;;v;;....1 CAP.'xXv. •	v'':-

Art btt. for appointing.a fufficient number of covfaMes \ thtferyrice of tie city and • liberty of Weftminfter ; and to	compel feoper	perjvm to take upon them the'office of

rymeny to present rtuifauces, and other •within the fold city and liberty.

VXJJi E R £ A S4y roofontffeme defers in	oil	EUz>	Pri.

TV	pqffidinthe twentyfeventh year the reign of Soften Eli* v»te.

zabcth,: intituled, Amadt for the good government of the city and borough of Wefiuimjlcr in the county of Middlifex; fmllick tuaji end paffagu ore greatly bbflrufl and many Other npyanus qqd offences are daily committed within the feud city and ho- '	'■	k‘

rougb^ and whereas by reef on tf the great increafe of buildings in We&miniUr .of late years, and tf feme irregularity in the eppoint-; i| nentof ctnjUtbles i for the fold city and borough, there is not at present a	fufficient	number	of tbofe officers for the ftrvict of Weft-

, mjnftep to remedy which-faid evils; may it pleafe your mod ' excellent Majesty, that h may be enatffed; and be it enaCted by ' the -King’s mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice and , content of, the lords fpiritual.and temporal and commons in ; this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the ; feme, That from and after the twenty fifth day of June one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix, the dean of the collegiate Church, of Saint Piter, Wejlmiqfltr,for the time being, or the ■ high deward of. the city and liberty of IVeflminfer for the time being,, or his lawful deputy, is hereby authorized and required I (calling to hiradidance the burgedes of the faid city and liberty	t

| of Wtfiminfier, if the faid dean, or high deward or his deputy,

' dull think fit) at a court leet to be holden for the faid city and : liberty. On Tuefday next following the feaitof Saint Aaichaet the archangel in evety year, yearly to appoint eighty able and Eighty ceWSUtt fit persons refiding within the faid city and liberty. Being arti-	‘

fiopriy or, persons uiingany trade of buymgor felling (alehoufe- fy'^r th{[ keepers, victuallers, or persons retailing fpirituous liquors, only and liberty of (Ntcepted) to be condables for the (aid city and liberty of IVejt- Weftminfter, mtffer, being duly prefen ted thereto, in manner herein after mentioned and directed..

II.	And for the better and more eafy executing the faid office t0 ^ chofen of. con ft able, and for prefcrvingthe peace in Wijlminjler \ be it out of the fe-Further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the condables veral pariflie*, to be appointed as aforefaid, {hail be chofen out of the several and ,n *he patifhesin	tVeftminJln asfolloweth;	that i$ to fay. There shall h^emen”*

be. yearly chofen out of the pariih of .Saint Margaret fourteen; tioned ■, put of.the narhh of Saint John the Ev four; out of the pariih of Saint Martin in the Fields fourteen; out of the pariih of Saint George ■Hanover Square twelve; out of the parish of Saint James fourteen; out of the pariih of Saint Anne eight j out of the pari (lr of S;int Paul Covent Garden fix; out of the pariih of Saint Clement Danes Hat j and out of the pariih of Saint *- / ■	2	Mary





who are to take the ufiial Oath of office, and ferve for one year.

Precepts to be iflued for re-taming and fiuttmoning a leet jury.

trio ace to

prefent a certain number ot proper per-fons out ot each pai i(h to ferve as con-(tables^

teet fury to % continue in office for one year.

Amw’vkeflmonorw Gvsemt'ff.	t

'Mkry it StrtmdWo: andtho Conftables fa appetofedfoto the tribal otthof office, ahd (baH do tod exCtote all ‘ to& matter and thing appertainirtg and beiongtag hsifee MheOf^y omftable, for the (pace of one-wltotoyear, to their appointment to the faid office* or until-other fterfeti* fttll be appointed in their ftead,or shall find fit and abJeOtt^n*,-* be approved of by the faid court feet, to ferve ato'hlllethd'tSafc of the ofike of conftable, as their deputies, tod In' ttfeftt’Wtiftfe and (lead ; fuch other persons not beh^altoOofekoiptfiSVIft»aQi| lers, or persons retailing fpirituobs'liquors. ;	fK"iiJ	'''

III.	And in order that fit and- proper peffobs ma^fcba ' ‘ ed to the faid office of conftable; be it further ena£Wa; t authority aforefaid, That the (laid dean of‘Wflift&/mt*far . time being, or the faid high (tewird for the fihiO^beiifei'Sjf^i deputy (calling to his afliftance the bUrgeflfes liberty of	IVefttntnJIer, if the faid dean,. or high ftevWfl^wWi:

deputy, shall think fit) shall and may, and he it riaJed and required to iflue out a precept or precepts Wfehjiiflpfit weeks before the feaft of Saint	Mfeh in every year, dirC&6d'to

the high bailiff of Wejlminjltr, who is hereby author feed/dfeedt-ed and required to obey the fame, to impanel and retotn f^ilty fubftantial houfholders and traders redding within the faid feVe-ral parifhes in	TVe/lminJler, in the proportions before meatidried;

and to fummon fuch persons to appear at fuch thne tod'jjfatoe're in fuch precept or precepts shall be directed and appointed j'tod out of the persons fo impanelled, fummoned and retOttod, the (aid dean, or high fteward, or his deputy (calling to UBS-ance the burgefles of the faid city and liberty of the faid dean, high fteward, or his deputy, (nail think ft) ffiilf,' at a court to be held by him for that purpofe, nortiriatetod appoint fo many as he shall think fit, not exceeding thlrtjK feeing care that one or more be nominated out of each of tbt'ftH parifhes ; and that the persons fo nominated and appointed lhall be called The Leet Jury, and shall be fworn to prtfertt tO the faid court fit and proper persons to be chofen and appointed con-ftables for the ferviceof the city and liberty of fVeJfiidnJler ftir VhC year then next enfuing •, that is to fay. The faid iuty fhill £re-< fent to ferve as conftables for the parish of Saint Margotet twen* ty eight; the parish of Saint John theeight; the parifh1 of Saint Martin m the Fields twenty eight j the parish of Saint1 George Hanover Square twenty four; the parish of Saint Jamn twenty eight; the parish of Saint uxteen; the pairiih of Saint Paul Covent Garden twelve; the parish of Sairft ChrMnt Danes twelve; and the parish of Saint Mary le Sfrand ftbrj out of which faid number fo prefentedthe faid court fhall, afthe time, and in the manner and proportions herein before directed, appoint eighty to be conftables to ferve for the faid city arttf liberty • and the persons fo nominated and appointed to be Leet Jury, ftiaH continue in the faid office for one whole year: or till others are appointed and (worn in their room and (lead.1

JVi Prpyidcd always, aqd belt enabled by themufiorlty aJ

‘	*	-	fore.



AofKt-v Ice fkiwiKwio Geonoiii H.cv-*a	H*

afiy parfonwho flvriJ be kxmvMrtd	fine	on

WA»|W>?iJifv by virttteof anff preeeptorp**0**t» Vafidy^wiiMi.'to lakMipw him tba faid office ol{^)W^^g toLpear;

to appear according tothediredhon of (bchuo execute the (ball qifufetp take upon ihim the (^office Gfjury-^c*i{<N0£Jh^uatp appo*«Mpd) or shall at any time?refufo fid mc.n-

E^prffignt proper,perfopa .to be confines, being duly ^4) for that puj$>o&* overy fuch perfoa shall forfeit the»

/g^ (hvllvo®iwbiebdaid fum of forty (hillings shall be fet upon him by the (aid court,by way of fine for fueh h>s con*

U* be.r^overed in fuch manner a* is herein af-

, y„ Aqd he it .further enabled hy the authority aforefaid. Precepts to be W4icwry person and persons who shall be presented iffued tbrfiwn-WtWi*WiV 4farefoid» as At apd proper persons for the offico^^fc^rcd qk coh^fcb^ffiall by a. precept or precepts from the 4bid court, t0 ferVe

jby the petty ^onrtabies to whom fuch precept shall contWbtes, to ^t4ir^^r,.to appear, at tbeiaid court lept, to be holder) for the anemi the 9tty^wid, liberty pf WejiminfUr*, to take upon them the faid office; court» aq4 in.cafe any perfoa that (ball be fo fummoned, shall negled to>

Wdmg tothediredlionaf fuch fummons (proof being made . qf the fervice of fupli .fummons 9a oath) or appearing, and on their 1^1 rcifole-to. take upon him the office of conftable, being there- rrfufi** to at* unto appointed as afoneiaid, or to find a fit and able perfon, then are to** tp take,upon, him .the;faid office in his (lead, every fuch perfon,fJJejt shall forfeit the lum of eight pounds; which faid fum of eight p9Und$AaU be fet upon him by the faid court, by way of fine, for fueh. Ida contempt or refu&l to take upon him tHe’faid office)* to be. uncovered in ujch manner as is herein after diredled;

. VI, AqA bp it further enabled by the authority aforefaidy .	.

That the/aid dan, or high fteyvard, or his deputy, shall and may* adjour™7 ** hp:is hereby authorized and.empowered to adjourn the faid fl0m time to qour? Icelfcom time, to time,,,as he shall think fit: and in cafe rime; and on any constable (ball die, remove.out of theparifh for which he;deat^ was appointed, or shall be difeharged from his faid office on ac^*.^ ^ VOgnjt pf his inability, or Cor pother juft caiife, it shall be lawful conftable, for buq,> and he is hereby authorized and impowered, at fuch others to be *4i<Wned courts* to furamon others before him, being	Rented	to

printed by the jury as aforefaid ; which (aid jury, the faid dean,

Or high Upward, or h^s, deputy, shall fummon for that purpofe, tbe office, and to appoint one or more of fuch fit person or persons to fervo as copftablcs pr cppftable id the room and (lead of fuch person or persons (half die, be removed or difeharged as aforefaidj injike pa?ui)cr as is before directed for appointing conllables St the annual leet ; and all persons who (hal( be fo fummoned and appointed, are hereby Required to appear and take upon them * or find other fit persons to take upon them the executioivof the ,

(aid ofoce, .qi> pain of the like penalties and forfeitures as are* before infli&ed upon persons refufing to appear, according to the	-

dire^lion.of their fummons, or,to.take upon them the execution, of the.ojice of. coaftabk*,at,the auoual leet. ■* - . '

. you Xtl.	■ ^ ' G	g * •' va. Pro-

45°



Anno vicesimo nonO GeoRGJ! IT. c. it

Pfovidett’ Always,'and' be if further eiiic

years.

r *

75?.

. —---------------j-,----------------------------  thfejm-

None liable	T4%atn6	perfon	wHofrUh	bP

^rvc as con-	hlftfelf e* deputy, i«W oAt^0f e<M^^flOU

'	itoe pwfenttidagfcm 1o the faid office W fttfcfl1 be	H$r

appointed to ferve the feme1 in tef* than feven years-after tht ^ftd or juryman, of fiich fcrrm^r fervkre j and that no person wtaPhat# Iteci^dr more than (hallbe nominated and fttom tob^ori-lhe tebt	ihfth

^rctm fevcn Served or shall ferve the faid office crfjuryrtH^fo^ wa l	fommoned	or	appointed to ferve the fekf bmce, in fefakhaft fePfa

years after the end of fuch former ferrite.1, * 1 ^	*->»*!	>

VIII* And be it farther ena&td by Ito atfthdrfty tffbrtfW, That the faid dean, or high fteward, or his dcpbty? ^fhhllylk the faid court leet to be holder! cst\Tuefdayttcii after Saint Michael yearly, appoint an ible per fen, being atYattifkfer, or ufing feme trade of buying and felling, and ttOt bd^h alehoufe-keeper, vi&uallcr, or retailer of ^iritadta1f?^bb^ afo be high constable of the faid city and liberty of IVeJlmnftir^ b duly fammoned for that purpofe, who shall take the Sfum i

of office, and do and execute all and every matter' ttniM__,o

ufeal oath of appertaining to the office of high constable for the fpicc^bf ifte office, and whole year, to commence from his appointment to	of-

fice, or until another person shall be appointed in Kfeftdad;**ttd that in cafe of the death or removal of fuch Irfgh faid dean, or high fteward, or his deputy, shall at (bate ad* joumment of tbe faid leet, appoint another person to ferve in his room, being duly fummoned for that purpofe.

IX.	Provided always. That no person (hill' fefVd tf&fkkl office of high constable for more than three yedt#togethtit}<*M every person who shall be fe fummoned and appoifttdd^tt^fiefe* by required to appear and take upon him the faid office of high conftable, on pain of forftterttgtttfe <AfiW%f twenty pounds; which (hid fern shall be fet up&ttififcfc tf¥Wij

not fervi^tbe of fine, for fuch his contempt or tefufil to take upbri mftBe faid office. fed-office; to be recovered in fuch manner as hereinafter

redted. .	’•	.<	; 1.:	w .1 iufom io

X.	And whereas the ebjtruflhnof tbe puHici wOffMi^ffit^es ^edferrew in^ Weftminfter, and Mhtr annoy antes aHd offences cMMkte&lbere-turmng and fey art gtMlty owing to the want of 4' Jitffkhnt pwikf>4k 'frinktl funaruomng persons to take upon them tbe office of jurymen, topr/ftht+fibfltms *n annoyance anj other effhuts committed in Weftmmfler, ahd to

juryr	eajy method of recovering the amerciaments Jit by fikb-jvO^

therefore etta&cd by theauthbrity aforefrtdi Tlfet^h^feid^ftto,

or high fteward, or his deputy, thetwb chief bufgdfes^fr

mrfler, and the other burgefles for the time be4rtgirW«fly^ftk

of them* whereof the faid dean, high ftewardf

or one of the (aid two chief burgeflb, to be

may, and they are hereby authorized end

every year, to iiTuc out their precept or pftmptetitidfr

<snon fed of thdr court, dire&ed to the high bail ilf df Wljfbrfo

Jieri> who is hereby authormed,^dire6ied' and^fMplhOd:tO%lk]r

the feme, to impanel and return	Mfial faMteftn

- !	.	.G	_	- \iZ	t lUthiw l-iVC'lcgy |

High constable to be chofen, who is to take the

ferve for one year.

On his death or removal another to be appointed.

ferve a* high -cpnftrable tor iWftban three, year* together.

■ 3

O



Googk

i	m.	tftis, prgpprtwjns bcfore-menttoned, and; to "'“ dt

ifrfWiefhfofih peribafs toapptgr before them, at fuch time,, and .'/Wfbrf;fosffcas-in foeb precept or precepts (hell be, fet forth}, and ,pi^ofl thftperfbfts fo impanelled, fuqunooed and returned, the .. T, ,., .o ,^iid dean, ^hjgh.fteward,,or his deputy, the faid two chief bur-	T

^&^%daiwithe.other hurgeiges, or, any five, of them, wheteof , the}; faid! doa*»i; h'gh fteward, or his deputy, or one of the two chief burgefles, to be one, (hall, at a court to be held for that , fNWftflb qommate and appoint fo many as they shall think pro- Oath to be ,jper, npt exceeding forty eight, talcing care that one or more be taken by the igKjpapiated tom of each of the faid parishes; and that the feve- jnry.

fo nominated and appointed shall be called The LftPWP&i y^ivand shall take an oath to the effedt following ; eW^oh.^ath tho faid court, ase heteby impowered to adminiftef.	^

'LiUOd ( * •’; / aV.	’	'	k	/	.i

hI-Ak- Jb--.dc> Jwtarx That I will diligently enquire and make true ■^f^Jtty^ttneHi to this court of all fuch	annoyances,	and.	other	.

vtji&tHShotkf t .Jhall be committed in Weftminfter, during the time Sqf WAitVftf nuancein the office tubereunto I am nous appointed: and bttvt'f.jciill present no perfon- or thing through hatred or malice^ tier zkPW.Q’IJ.Mliprtfented through love, favour or affeftion.

-bt ,\'£T;

L,iclX&: ?rav>ded always, and be it epadled by the authority . m.aflrr1’ (j9^dM, That in,cafe any perfect who shall be fummoned as .afopefoi^jo take upon him the faid office of j.uryman, shall ne- fummonfed^rt-gfodt. orctefufc to appear according to the direction of fo<h fmn- fufingta apu -uVWnd, or>appearing, shall refufe to take upon him the faid office /(being aherewito appointed jr.ey.etv person fo offending,(hall, for- lawvf jiiiy-jfflit*M fora of forty (hillings* whkb faid futn shall be fee upon	«

klip hyjhfl.feid court,.by way of fine,.for fooh his contempt •> .‘>.VU or refufal to take upon him the faid office; to be recovered in idtlriiTOtMW as is herein after directed.

vv.X^lv^nd be it further ew<Sed by the authority aforefaid, _n’r '2 '.iT'hat tbojw of Annoyance to be appointed as afonefaid, shall fob - ani^La(kCt . ^^d#ith«mfolves into fmalfa' bodies, not being, lefs than twelve jury in* eourt -jrr^a^bady, and they are hereby authorized and required, as-whhrdftA-to j/o^n {tsjhey (hail be directed by the faid court, ftricily to in- tbe Pave* ■ .^uigeLtftto,, and present to the faid court, according to their tfnh»uUpdfc, their own view and knowledge, all defective and tions anden.

. bfd. pavements, and all annoyances in, obftrit&iops of, or ea- croachmeott CitowfcmrPte upon, any of the publick ways or p»flages.;with- m the pubiiek iibi tPfift'd'Jfity or liberty $ and the faid jury shall give deleave wa-VJ»

gee in iwrking of their intention, to present the fame, at. the ffiflTTbBHfoatO-wb^b fuch defective pavements belong, or to fWoftOTipetfotM who shall caufe or fuffer fach zoaoyanccs, /Okftw^trtfejOr e#«ro»ehflriemsjt aodif fuch'pavenaieotMre not /aweilWd qErfo^^oroy^hiifodthtft.ontqrijen-.'roachmwiss, bfdmoved within fourteen days after fuch notice given, then the

So help me GOD.

G g 2



ting the jury, in the execution of their office.

Duty of the jury and. court, with

Anno vicffimo nono GEoRGii ffc

(aid jury shall amerce the person pr ,perfon| inhafeitW; fipufe or houfes, or caufing or (u{fpr|hg fijch'wn&yal ftru&ions or encroachments, ip loch (urns tJseV ft 40,. fine on	according	to	the	nature oft^ 9rericfc,;;^tW .

perfon, infult- *onY millings for any one offence; to be recovered mruch^annpr ing or obftruc. as is herein after dire&ed; and if any person qr jteffdita'ftijl ‘a-bufe or infult any of the laid	Annoyaffcti, WKeri m^v'a^e

in the execution of their office, or shall any w*v 'qbfcrfl«‘tnra in executing the duties of the faid office, it fhall^be'faWj^^?qr any one or more juft ice or jufticcs of the peace fortbe laid !ciry and liberty of IVeJlminJler, upon the feift alled»e<| opini a.uly proved upon the oath of two or more credible, y?itnp{R^ft6] rate fuch person or persons fo offending as aforefaid, iriativ'v&nri'tiitt exceeding forty (hillings; to be recovered in fuch rtiarifidr as'is

«	. P i- r\ i ®	1	li-MmiKKIf. U>

herein after directed.	,	,*	*	-

XIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority That where the faid Jury of Annoyance ihall upon their view ps aforefaid, find any bad or defective payment, belon^irft t&‘|any reipe# to the empty houfeor building within the faid city or liberty, bt iny pavements annoyance before fuch houfe or building, it shall and1 ^ijfc’be anc4befow lawful to and for the faid jury, and they are hereby authbrKed, empty hoofes. directed and required, to present fuch defedtive or

ment, or fuch nuifance, to the faid court of burgeffSsj ‘frrft leaving notice in writing on the door or other publick part of fuch empty houfe or building, of their intention to present thfc"friTie; and in cafe the owner or owners, proprietor or propri&6r&? ;o£ fuch boufe orhoufes, building or buildings, fhaTl not within fourteen days after fuch notice given as aforefaid," c^ft^Yi&h pavement to be amended, or fuch annoyance removrtl^hm ffie faid court shall forthwith caufc fuch pavement to or fuch nuifance to be removed, and the faid jury ftvalj . the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of tocn'h&&fe or building, in fuch fum or fums of money as by ffifednto/iftd direftions of the faid court shall be laid out and t^^Hdea in making good fuch defective pavement, or removi fance, and the charge attending the fame; which Affierdament ment or amerciaments fo fet as aforefaid, shall be	the

•may be levied ncxt tensmt or tenants, occupier or occupiers; of' th^ gTOund floor of fuch houfe or houfes, building or bqiidifc^i1 m°fllch manner as is herein after directed for the levying of oth^ am/ir-ciaments that shall be fet and impofed by virtue pf t^is'i^f kid it shall and may be lawful to ana for fuch tenant orrtenaht^ ^jc-

on the fuc-ceeding tenant, A

who if to de-dud

out of the rent.

cupier or occupiers, of fuch houfes or buildings,: wni the time ^uin ^ ^ums money fo amerced as aforefaid [it: f the	Pay the fame voluntarily) to dedud and detain out of tKeir fent

then due, or thereafter to grow due, all and evetyfuch lutti br fums of money as they shall fo pay.	v	u	"	'V

Duty of the XIV. And fbr preventing persons dealing by unlawful WelfeKts, jury with re- balances or meafures, within the (aid city or libertyc^ ffiw&ik-fpedto fer\ be it further enabled by the authority afpfeffid,/'Spit the msSurei.11 ^ Annoyance Jury shall and are hereby authortzwafla

crcd.

 L^ooQle

1756.^ Anno viqefimo nono Georoii II. c. 25.

ereq. , at all feafonable times in the day time, to enter into any fhop^ ^O^fe or warehouse, within thefaia city and liberty, Ijdbttg^ 5 gjfoany perfori or persons that deal by weight or tnctkrrt1; 10 if the laid jury shall fin'd' any weight, balance' or meafurtf.

m

in

aa

to' ^ejpqlawfufor defe&ive, it shall and may befawfuHo and Me t heTa^ jury, and they are hereby directed and ret^rt^d, to break and aeftroy the fame, and to amerce the perlbn or persons fo offending* in fuch fum'or fums of money as they shall think	'[

proper, according to the fiafure of the dftence, not exceeding forty (hillings for any one offence.

XV.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority ^°"c I,aW« to aforefaid, That no person who hath been or shall be nominated ^Lance1* and appointed to be on the Annoyance Jury, and hath ferved o^* jury morcthan Jfh%fl ferve the laid office of juryman, mall be again fummdnetioncein three or appointed to ferve the faid office, in lefs than three years ycars* after tbp end of fuch former fervice.

XVI3 And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, 4GS# on high. That in cafe the faid high bailiff or his deputy, or other officer bailiff,or acting under him, or under the order or authority of the fatd <*bcr officer, 'court, *by, virtue'of'this a<ftor otherwife, fhallafk, demand, <*r ’take of any person or persons whatfoever, any fum or fums of f^cufe pertbbB money or other gratuity or reward whatfoever, for or under pre- from appear* tepde of excufiqg any person or persons from appearing to ferve, *ng to ferve.ac or for not fummoning any person or persons to ferve the faidof- ”not[|J^llon* fice of conftable, or to ferve on either of the juries aforefaid,^ on of on any other jury within the faid city and liberty of IVeftmin- Tons giving //<r s qr if any person whatfoever shall give any fum or fums of any gratuity money, or other reward whatfoever, to any fuch officer as afore- onu^h *** fold/for, or on account of excufing him frbm ferving or being coun jummo/ied to ferve the office of conftable, or to ferve on fiich jur}e$, that then and in either of fuch cafes,it shall and may be Jawfql for any one or more justice or juftices of the peace for the ( laid city and liberty of tVeJtmtnJlery upon the fa<ft alledged being fdi*ly proved upon the oath of two or more credible witnefles, to Jflnefuch person or persons fo offending as aforefaid, in any fum pot exceeding forty shillings, to be recovered in fuch manner as js herein after directed.

‘ XVII. And be it enatfed by the authority aforefaid. That Pmes and / upon the non-payment of any nne or amerciament that shall .be anwreument* fet or impofed upon any person or persons by the authority ofto be levied by this a<ft, it shall and may be lawful for the high bailiff of	an<*

mrijler%, or his deputy or deputies, and he and they is and are hereby authorized, dire&ed and required, by a warrant or warrants from the faid court leet, or by a warrant or warrants un-	;

dcr the common feal of the faid court of biirgeffes, or by a war-. .	,

jant or warrants from the justice or juftices of the‘peace before whom any fuch person or persons shall be convitfted as aforefaid, to levy all and every fuch fines and amerciaments as (ball be fet and impofed as aforefaid, by diftrefs of the goods and chattels	*

'qf every fuch person or persons as shall be fined or amerced as ^fofefai^ being theft reftantor inhabiting withitf the faid city or • 4 -	-	-	Ggj	bbet*

 

45*	vUefww	wPPtttRff	%©» flv	ft

cafefhqfiMl no^^M^tncd w^^

owner. «pw»<	,	,.,

For want of W^foato.<&a*ge$ of M>>forft *>4.W> *R diftreft.andon	^wicrp	Hall apt b^t

non-payment Xaid city andfibcrty, whereof lucb,(6% or,#ne^r offender to be ,of atjier<;i»aieut$, can be Jeyied	(th«	a

commuted. 4~tfef ,n(j 4pon the non- payment qf fuch fi^ or '& xiaipent or aperejamentf, it ihaJJ atjd mfyrbp lawftj^ or more justice or juftices of the ppce, by warrant! their hand and feat, or hands and fealfy er or offenders to pne pf his j^eltys * city or liberty of lVejhninfler> to reform of ten days, .unlefs be, (he or iliey (ball topper ^ay, cy Jbe paid, the faid fine or fines, amerciament fo impofed as aforefaid; in which cafe,.fee, /Ke oaf ^0eV,£«Tgfijg-ment thereof, shall be forthwith difcharge4 <^^of,;Ct«tpa^

Fmea tobe XVIII. And be it further enadea by tneaut^ ^	'

paid over to That all and every the fine or fines which shall „_T

she overfeeri.^j	by	virtue	of	this ad, (hall, frpoi fibelWl

lid oTthe m be,paid by the high bailiff of IVeJlminfter, or otherpm^ poors rate. .whofe hands the fame .(hall come> within fourteeb^^^nexf after the receipt thereof, to the overfeers of the P?WJ^j|W time being of the several parifhes in JVeJlminJler refpediVeiy, out of which the fame shall be. fo recovered, who shall give a receipt or receipts for the feme ; and the faid overfeers are hereby directed and required to apply the fakl fine of'fihes fdth^iwe tifes and purposes that the poor rates in the faid fetteral yfgM\e% are by law to be applied; and shall duly account upot*P*tS\ for the feme at the time, and in manner, they; 3^pb%f< to ^accountfor all other films of money thatihalj con^mto.tpeir foands* and all and every the amerciament and

^ Of

thp

Amerciaments fet by the annoyance jury,to

co to'tte i,igh-which be.fct ar^ impofed by <hc faid Am^iUftr bailiff, and recovered by virtue of this aft, mail be applied anoW

court of bur* £c(tts.

Limitation

adjoin.

,in manner following ; that is to fay, The faid high time being, shall be, and he is hereby intitled to qper t half part thereof, and shall receive and take the fame to 4*fe, and the other moiety qr haJt part thereof shall be ta^oig^l applied by the laid court of burgefles to pay the neceflfoy cnaijgjjf and expences that shall attend the execution of this,a# of XIX. And be it further enabled by the authorityVfarqi That if any fuit shall be brought or commenced agaitrft^ .perfon or persons for apy thing dope fo purfuance of* ttt$j jent adt, or in relation to the premises, that in evpry Stu^hj ,tlvc aft ion shall be commenced within fix months next-atfo iaft committed, and not afterwards; and shall be fspp1 brought in the county of Middlijsx^ and not eliewhe^e9 exg the person or persons againft whom fuch aft ion shall Be bjr9 shall remove into and refide in the city of Xoi$:n± fo -v m cafe, the faid aftion shall be laid and brought fo the city^ XondQH \ and thedefepdant or defendants ip foch



r756 ij	Anna vfcefhnd iumb Geosaifrflv

to	general	iflue,	arid	give	thii a&'General iflue*

atftf HSfeTOteial matter in fcvidencei iflifty trial td be bad tfaeris' upttif ^ tftat th9 (Sfoe was done in puriuarice an$I by the auf th^ri^Vberedf; and if it shall appear fo rp be d6n$, dr if any? tn	,,a

fitch tfdabht*r feit shall be brought after the rime before lifnitecf	:	^ ? h

foPHtthging the feme, dr AiD be brought in any other county.	'

eity erf'place, than the ebunty of Mtddfefex (except in fuch cafe ai aferfdaid) that then anS irtTuch cafe the jury shall find for 1 lMo* iht defendant or defendants! and if upon fuch VerdiA, or if tfbe ^a^tiff or plaintiffs AaU become nonfuit, or difeontinud hid,'hdr pr their aAion or aAiods; or if a verdiA shall pafs a-gamft plaintiff or plaintiffs $ or if upon demurrer, judgment (half be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the de- Treble co&u fbndaiir or defendants shall and may recover treble cofts, an<J have the Kfce remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath dr have rpr cofts of fait, in other cafes by law.

XX. Provided always. That this aA, or any thihg or matter Exemptions thereah contained, (haft not extend to the church or college of from thiraA? WtfMtnJhr, nor to the clofe of JVeftminJler, nor to any person *' '	^ ^

erf TperfonS inhabiting within the fite, circuit or precinA of the	1

Kid dhurch, college or clofe, for any offence or mifgovemment	- *

jktj he committed by them or any of them, within the fite, cir^	.	^

chit or precinA of the laid church, coHege or dole.

^ t	CAP. XXVI.

Aftvfw further continuing an ait of the ftxtb year of the : ]rtfgn of bis present Majesty, for fecuring and encouraging v t the trade of bis present Majefty's fugar colonies in Arae-- ’ ki&L i to indemnify comnnffmcrs of the land tan for counties	^ a

]' [fit large and ridings, who have ailed by virtue ofleafcbold	|

f ' fftatesi and to obviate a doubt relating tp the qualification ^ v' ^CGrOrnffioncrs of the land tax, for the city and liberty of	* v

---Weftminftcr. .	•	r"\:X!u*

*llir H E R E A S an ail made in the fixthyear of the reign of his $ gco# tt £ JV rrW-T preftrtt Majesty, intituled. An aA for the better feciwing 'arid^rieduraging the trade of his Majesty’s fugar colonies in A-merica; and which by feveralfubftquent ails hath keen continued, until the twentyfourth day of June$«r theufand/even hundred andfiftyfix, baw by expedience been found ufeful and beneficial, and is near expiring', may it therefore pleafe your Majesty, that it rhay be en-aAed‘; $na be it enaAed by the King’s moft excellent majefty,

'try and’ with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and 'temporal and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, arid the authority of the fame, That the faid aA shall be, Further con-Iftrid the fem^ i$ hereby further continued, from the expiratioh

P^hweof,' for the <erm of three years.	•	“"**	ytv*'

,T 1L	find whereas	in an ail	made in this fejjien of	for	C|aufcj	m

btf’dn 'aid to hisMajefiy'by a land last, for the	of	the	veral	land	tax	•

•stie 'tkoufand /evenhundred and fifty fix} and-alfi in for- aft*, refpec-Gg+	OT/rting	the	qua.



4$£	Aopo	>vi<J4t\ipo	north	G&oROir	ft	<b	*&

Mcation of merfiksferg^anung, a fond tax foMsM&jeftfr for	fo&foe* pjfjht

commiffion-	ygars	fa	fofa	a#s	fj^^onOd	;, it ju& enafrtd* ■ fpftipxr- i

JW fault be capabk of aft'tng. as fi\ tmmfjkMwr,	tf

fuck fifls refpetiively, or any of the pmirs)t farm mkdirfodM any county at large, within England* tkefamift'm of Watesi (jfs**? W is therein excepted) vr in nr for} fifty qffayy dingy fiftiht York, unjefs fuch person was feifedanf fijfeffod ffortfa* dftftftmmti or hereditaments, which were taxed, of did pay in thefmeIfOf&fpor ' riding; for the value of one' hundred pounds f*r Wt\wth qr^vUftre f his own cflate, to the land tax for the preceding year iMn&\tAkereas fraeralpcrfont appointed commijftoners for, putting foebjtfftjrs jM&ftr - tion, within counties at large, or within the faid ridings, herue erfid as tommijfioners by virtue of being ppffojfod of leafehold eftates, fo term or terms of years, and of being taxed, or having to fbe load 'trix for fuch efates, to the amount, and in the manner m Mi JfopiWi mentioned, and thereby may have incurred the forfdtumr/hm&i9i in the fetid afls; be it therefore ena&fcd' by the adthotiljpafcHMhid,

*	That	every	fuch	perfon	.(Kill	be,	and'ls	herelw	iodtomvfied for

indTmnifieder8^v^nB as a commiffioner in the execution of fw^h ^s; for having and is hereby exonerated, freed and difehaiged, &f aqdfiToIqj afl afied under penalties and forfeitures incurred or to be incurr^, before the the faid afts i twenty fourth day of June one thousand feven Hiihcfrid %nd fjftyfix, for or upon account of at^Hngin the'^xefeOtiii'df ads.; any thing in the faid. ads, or .either of them, containccfno the contrary notwhhftanding,	,	-*J-' . u ^

if judgment « V'J1 h * Provided always. That this ad (hail not extend againit them cute or fet afide any judgment, agamft any person for-haying n0t j rea<iy. s&e^ io the execution of any or either of the laid ads,; without obtained. being qualified in the manner required by fuch ads fcfpe&iwdy. Claufes in the « '41V. And whereas by the faid a&s for granting aide to bb Atctjefly recited a£b rc ty'd land taxi> it isienctfied, That no person Jbould be capfibie^ofecStmg fyefting the xx * commiffioner in the execution of> foch a&S'refo^ruefo^^kdpyM qualiheation	(reaversjberein. contained, witbinthe dtyandliberty ffiW*A»**-

>* fler, unkfo foch person was foifed andpojfojfed of lands,' tmetm*fr*r wtAnunfter, hereditaments, being freehold, copyhold or< leafehold, over artetuebou? f*lall ground rents, intumbronees and other reservations, payable if,

- lA or to-rejpeft of foch leafehold eftates v)hicb were taxed, ond didfafin the faid city and liberty,for the value of twenty pOwids pnr tftonitnm more,-of his own ejlate to the laniyiax,fcr theforvite of tht refprftvbe years mentioned in the faidfeveral ads:, and whereas feme doubts fank • firifen upon the cotojlruftion of the faid fevttal a&s, in relation>c$ ibe 'lommiffwien atting within the faia city and liberty; be ittherefoisee^-‘aded and declared by the authority aforefaid. That ihej&uLfb-veral ads did, do and (han extend, and ou^it to becoaftnxd, adjudged and taken to extend,' to authorize all and.erery bf the commiffionefs named in, or appointed by the faid ferdrAads,

Or any of them, who were, are or (hatt be^ at the dinestheir >ding as xominifljoners, . Within the £iid7city or liberty^ pdDSfff-e<l of any leafehold estate or eftatesy over and abow: Aground rents, incumbraricesy and other reformations, ipaysiWcbut'of^>r piTcfpedof tho femey whiph woreUXtd uni>didipay,,in‘^e :v	fcid



17^6.3	Artnovicefifnonond Georqii II. c.-tj.	45^

fhWi cky-of liberty, for tfie value of twenty pounds p/r <;«»«» of

nwXre} tofhis»own eftateto- thfr land tax, for the fcrvke of tf^fe ..

YefpcdWve yeats mentioned in the faid several a&s, to put the faid feverafa&S, artd' a)i and every* the powers therein contained in «t*ecu]ti&ri; Ah 'as full and ample a manner, as if foch person or pertbna had been, or wefre fcifed and pofleffed of any freehold Wtftfpyhofdeftate or eftitlw,'Which'were tatfed, and did pay to th^fand tax, within the1 faid city or liberty, for the faid re-tpOdWvcyearBj in the -Add acts mentioned, for the fame value} any thirig in the (did m part recited ads, dr any or either of them, to the contrary thereof'in any wife notwithftanding.

-\vA %V > fVs‘\	'

-n '■	■ CAP. XXVII: '

the all of Jbt twenty second year ofhis (f°r amending, explaining, arid reducing parliament* the laws relating to the Ids Majeftyfs ihips, vefifcls, and foitds r : t v ■ byi&O Ho fiteb officers, feamen and others, as Jhall ferve oh ’‘51 £ B&$d'jb{s 'Mdjcftfs Jhips or vejfels employed upon the tabes,	'	*

fyafcr?, or rivery, North America.	.	J

W.HE*SAS divers of his Mayejfys flaps or veffels are at r vfV ymeftn^ and may hereafter hi occaflcmdiy employed in and up* on certain lakes, great waters, or rivers in North America, not within Ifmhiy cf any county afluotty fettled by the King's fubjifts, 1	u

rOfidutider the regular government of his laws ancUourts, although the	r

J&ntmiybfiuitbinhis Afajfflscbmimiom: now matter to afo-vfetcmogft doubts which may a rife touching the stood regulation ^md^govetnment of all fuch officers, feamen and others, a* do, or f^ the tnaac being, fltaH ferve on hoard any of his Majefty** .	,r

N^ai^fhipsOr ve&ls lo employed as aforefeid ; be it enacted by	t

4hcr&ingfs\moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and -eonfeut of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this extendadto^ parliament aflembled, and by,the authority of the feme* officewsad' That i certain a<ft ofparhament made in the twenty second year fanfeafcrmg ^ofthereiga of his present Majefty(intituled. An oft for amend* |nM* ifigj explaining and reducing into one aft of parliament, the bun re~	in

-Wing to the government of his Majefly's flaps, vejfels and forcer by the lakes, &c. fett) and all and every the articles, orders, powers, authorities^ in North A-daufes, matters and thinrgsthcrein mentioned and contained* merica, ffatllbe/ and shall .be deemed and taken to be in full forces and fhali be bbferved,-ufcd, exorcifed, performed and executedfor the trial and puntihinentaf all and every,)or any foch offences -dr offence ipecified or mentioned in the feme ad of parliament,

.which have been or shall be committed by any officers; feamen or other’perfoas iv(pe£tf*dy, who do, or for the time being, -(HaU^erveonboird of any of hisMajefty1® faid (hips -ox veffds teraployted in cot upon fach lakes, greet waters, or rivers in NnthAmitka^ awfullyandcffedtuallyi to all intents andpov-pofcs, as if- the famfcoffenrcs'W offence,bad been coorumtfod ^	upon

 

4&

v •

iGeo.s.e.ii* continued, ex plained and amended by the several fuWequent adb.

3Geo.1x.a7.

SGto.ftx.14.

* v ■ 14deo.1x.34.

ftlGeo.1x.33.

revived and cohtrnbed to the firft 6f June 1759.*

^ f *

AnaovkHTifflO fco&o' ©eorchiIHi ■cyafk	(T17-5S

upon the main Tea, or in great rivenB^beneath. tiiOifiUlrfccfidgcs of the faid rivers nigh to the.fea, or in .ray. iuvotty ^rhfter w creek within the jurifdi&ion of the admiralty o£ GrestsBrhmm.

* ’’ rr*

" CAP. XXVHi '	!0	v.-.b

An aS for reviving and eoniimttyg em'a&

debtors, with reJpeU to	(bewyrifmtmnt of tbdr

and for continuing an aft'maae -the loftfeffion	parlis-

• mentyto	tontime	fever dJamrkkting ibedifhdtpbe\

' waging among the horned cattle in this kingdom- i.s* tw’

WHEREAS fever allows herein

perience been found ufefttl and btnftial, end ar^ejxrpif^fi, near expiring j may k therefore pleafc your MajeftyK ^*! Vn becna&ed j and be it enaded by (he King’s mcfe.WjifelfentNpf jetty, by and with the advice and -content of . the Imds^fyuritud and temporal and commons ip this prelcut parUaroeat^«i?jW#d, and by the authority of (he fame, That to*	totlje

.fecond year of the reign of his present Majesty ’ Ofl for the relief of debtors, with refpeQ to the imprifenfaeut affhe* petfins) which was to continue in force for the ternxgffiw years, and from thence to the end of the then next jeJQSop. iaf parliaments and was explained and amended ty.au a&.pnpifefe -tfietburdyear of the reign of his present M^ety, v^'Woifhjty a* pothered made ip the eighth year of the reign of hif prefer* jsfty, .was further explained aod amended, and continuer) Aiptolihe twenty fifth day	of Marsh one thonfandfevpo bunded- apld, forty,

and feo«» thence to the cod of the then next feflwanfparlianpentj Agd which ty another a«5t roade-ia thefourteeoth yean pf.thcjpgn .of his pretoM	with	the fevesal articles-at^.^atfte

therein-contained (etcoapt the claufie in the laid Jalopy nftqncfl aft for fettling mutual debts one againft the qthpr, wtycfi'ty the fold jfeb.is made perpetual) was further continued,! fipm the expiration thereof, until the firft day of June .one thot^amij hundred and forty fcwen, and,from thence ,to the cnd.of.the then next session of parliament i and-which by another a# daade in (he twenty firft year of the reign of bis present M«W» -tHukd. Av ail to soatimee and amend fevered laws for. jibe,rtffef debtors, with- refpeil to the imprifownent of	41%#

rtil'ifyamftake in on.ail pqffed in the kf fejfm of parfiapptnt, Jfir sontiawng fevered lowsthnem mentioned; to the one paged in the nineteenth years the ether in the bis prefent	Mojefly’s reign, (0 prevent th tf&t dfftefptot

amongfi the horned, tattle t was (fo far as relates to .the^cfoqf (debtors, with refpeiS to,the unprbonraent.oftheir persons)ifir-ither amended, and continued until the firR day fif thoufend feven hundred and fifty, four, and /rotn ttyhPe to (lie end of the then , next session of parliament*, fhaRty»j$n4,$e fame,whereby revived, and dull continue and be.in.force, v».-til (he firft day Define .one xhoyfend fevea. ui«e.

£1. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That

and

 booQle

[	AsuiowidtfuBDiOQao	GBoRoaLlL	48$

an^j^mideiniihfiiaftfeffienaf parliament (intituled. An aG tp itGeo.^c.it. continue fevened;	laves relating tethe Member new raging among the	®J

homed Sat tie in	this’kingdom)ihaU be, and the lame is hereby*9 4e*x’17 ™"

further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty .ninth day of September one i&odTand fevch hundred and fifty fix,

: and frqqit^eqce tp th/e cpd.^ the then next session of parljp-

: Abaa&for enabling bis Majesty to raise one million for the

purpofe therein mentioned; and for further appropriating ! -	i.4 hefufipiw granted;,in tfaf	fejfian of par

1	'	Moft'jgrantus	Sovereign^

\»/E;yow Majesty’s tnoft-dutiful and loyal fiibjefts the V V " commons oftOreat Britain in parliament afiembled, ha»-! Jng'fa'fcbn'rrrto our ferious confide ration your Majefty’« tnoft I e^e&r^'mefl&ge, fighify fog your Majesty *s hopes to be enabled,

1 Jw^ybw'fcfohful commons, to concert and take all fuch met-j fwes'asfoay be neceflary to-dMappoint or defeatt any enter prizes | dr deiigrts of your Majeftyk enemies, and as the exigency'of af-| foiife ifiay require, have felblved to give and grant to your Ma-1 jeftytbefum of-one million for that purpofe; and do therefore 1 tnofthtifoWy befeech your Majesty that it oiay be enabled, and l btelf'enafted by the King’s tnoft excellent majefty, bydnd with > theadvicC arid confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and	1	\

i commons in this present parliament afftmWed, and by the au-1 thoHly of the feme, That k fheHand may be lawful to and for T1* f“» <*

I thcKng’s meft excellent majefty, by warrant or warrants un- ^ ™(e& i (Hr his royal fign manual, to authorize and impower the com- bv virtue of ( fdlflfehers of his Majesty’s treafory, now or for the time being, hi* Majefty*# j W arty'three or more of-them, or the lord high treasurer for the warrant, a* ,

1 fTmeherng, at any tithe or times before the fifth day of January £*[ye'Iu® one ‘fHOufand feven hundred and fifty fix to carife or dfaedt any lo&iii to be taken or received at his Majesty’s exchequer, from anVjierfort or peffons, natives Or foreigners, body or bodies po-fhn* loir corporate ; or ahy number of-exchequer bills to bo tf&cfoout there for any fund or fums of money, not exceeding tn toads and exchequer bilk together, In the whole, the raid , fom of-one million, in the femeor like manner, form and order,1 and according to the feme or like rules and directions, as in ^ hnut 1 in'and by ah aft of this present session of parliament for con- manner as ip I tinuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, the malt aft «f 1 jfnutrt, cyder and perry for the fervice of the year one thousand this »

I ftvfeH'Huhdrfcd and fifty fix, are enadted and prefcribed, con- <“r*aed»&c* cVrfjfrf^Yhie'loans or exchequer bilk to be taken or made inper-| Wee^oftKe faid a*.

I	Arttf1	be	it'forther	enacted by the authority aforefeid, .

j 5Tii«1Sll'ihd, ^very! the elaufes, provifoes, potvets, privileges,

ifdiarltaces,' jfehalttes, forfeitures and di&bmties contained M naltie* copl , laid laft-mtrmcmed' a^,‘ telatrng to the loans or exchequer tained in the

recited aft, re.

CAP. XXIX,

..U.IS'IC.C

. ..	Ji	.0	•





Anno vicjefimo nono Georgii II. C.a^.	[£1756.

lating to loans'hjtyp autftpri^d tp .be made by the fame a£b (cxcpptfuch wifexche<,Urtr ,clwfes as do charge the fame pn the duties granted byjhd fijme •d totUbaft. ft3*1 bd applied and extended to the loans andcxcfigqqtyr ‘ bills tp be .made in jpurfuance of this aft, as fully ;)nd cffy&uaUy, to >u intents and purpofe*, as if the fame loans exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the laid lift-men tipped ad, or as if the faid several clanfos pr provifoes bad hetert -paiy ticularly repeated and re-enaded in the body of this ad.

.. Ili. And be it further,eoa<3ed by. the authority aforpiaid. Loans to be That all fuch loans or exchequer bills, together with the in-the nextUfuD ,ereft» -premium, rate and charges incident to or attending? Jihe pkejj p* fame, lhall be and are hereby charged and chargeabJe'Wpon* and shall be repaid or borne by or outofthe hrft aids^pCifup--pliea which fltall be granted in the next session parjiatjagprs and,in cafe fuffkient aids or (applies tor that .purpose /hall not he granted before tire fifth day of one thousand ,fev<sn, huft-» uc « dred and fifty feven, then all the (aid loans or txcfrgqf&iy V&> grant^'before wdh the intereft, premium, rate and charges incident tg^itr tbe 5 July tending the fame, shall be and are hereby charged and phasgo-*757* tl>ey are able upon fucb monies, as at any time or times at or .a&cr-the to be charged fcjd fifth day 0f j^y0ne thousand feven hundred and -fifty (even

and if none fuffkient be

upon, and paid out of the (inking fundj

and the monies ifliied thereout, to be replaced

: repl . r_ ________________o_____^

®ut^Fthcftrft and out of the ftrft fopplies to bp then after granted in parjjq-UPP“ •• ment; any thing herein contained to the contrary wtwMh-ftanding.	.	t.	/	:i	ni

Appropriation V., Provided always, and it is hereby enatSed by the apt^q-ofthe supplies. r*Uy afore(aid, That all the monies coming into the exchqqupf. The rponies'	fy loans or exchequer biHs, upon one a6Tof this. (elQpfi

anting by the of parliament, intituled. And ft for continuing an4grpnti#g_^Ms malt tax, Majefly certain duties upon malt, mumy cyder and perry ^ for tbefffr • > >*	* vice of the year one thousand feven hundred and 'fifty fix^ arvej to

much money, if any fuch be, of the duties thereby, granted* shall arife or remain after all the loans or exchequer,bilk ppatjc .or tp be. made on the fame a<ft, and all the iptereft* prf^iqm, .rate and charges thereon, and the charges thereby, allowable/or ................................................y.	vj	bnW#

(hall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer of,the ffpr-plufles, exeefles, overplus monies, and other revenues compofih£ the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, except Yuch monies .of. the faid (inking fund as are appropriated to any paffjQuJ?* hie or ufes by .any juft or atts of parliament in that behalfj andfuefi monies of the faid (inking fund shall and may he iffu$4 apdap-plied, as (ooa as the fame can be regularly dated and afcfrta^-ed, for and towards.paying off, cancelling and difebajgipg J^ch loans ^or exchequer bills, intered, premium, rate pr charge, until the whole of them shall be paid off, cancelled, and 4if-charged, cr money diffident for that purpofe be kept andonq-:fervc5 in the exchequer, to be payable on demapd th^ ?c-tfpeftive proprietors thereof.	b-M	*vh

IV. Prqvided always* and be it enacted by the authority:q-fordaid, That whatever monies shall be (o iffued out of tta furpluffes, exceffes, overplus monies or other revei\ues^eppp|-poling the finking fund, shall from time to time be replaced by



^75^*1 AhnQvicefimononi GfcOR<m II- C.<2£> raifingithe faid duties, shall be fatisfied, of morieyfuffibient (Hall : f o* pnruf * be re&iefi m'the exchequer to fatSfefy arid difchargt the fWme^ 7M', 'f ,Kja and allb^al^ rhe tnonles coming into the bxcbequei* either’by (	^

lOafiS'Of‘ exfeheqfuer bills, upon one other aCt of mislTeffiori of parliament {intituled. An aft far granting an aid to bk Mafifiy tty a land to* to be raifed in Great Britain for the fervid of the year	tsut.

one thottfdndfivtn hundred And fifty fix; and for the relief of the inhabitants of the city and county of the city of Lincoln, in reft*ft of dr*rbdfs if tb# foridfax ;/and fo milch money (if any fuch be) of the tax thereby granted, is thall arife or remain after all the loans drfc’ibhequef bills made or to be made oh the fame a&,	K]fiy

andUll Wre httereft, premium, rate and charges therebn, and the	•	:>

charges^hercfby" allowable for railing the faid land tax shall be fttistiedj'Ot taoftey fuffieietit shall be referved in the exchequer tofattefy and'difcharge the fame; and alfo all the monies comity Into th^gxehequCr by contributions for annuities and a lottery granted by one other ad of this feflioh of parliament (in-! tttuled, A& rift for granting to his Majefiy the fikm of two millions Lottery ^ i tobit taifed by way of annuities and a lottery, and charged oh the fink-	*

' fundi redeemable by parliament; and for extending f<? Ireland * * T : ihe laxv) made in this kingdom againfi private and unlawful lotteries) and alfo the sum of two hundred fifty five thousand nine hurt- sum* re- ^ dred fifty five pounds eleven (hillings and eleven pence half- mauling in penny remaining in the receipt of the exchequer of the income the excw-of the fufplufles, excefles, overplus monies, and other revenues q***#*^ compofing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, for the quarter ended the fifth day of April one thousand feveft Irutf-i fired arid fifty fix, directed to be iffued and applied by one c>-kher ad. df this felfion of parliament (intituled. An act for grant-i ihg to bis Majefiy certain fums of money out of the finking find; and applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer for the fervid of the year 'oat thousand fevin hundred and fifty fix-,) and alfo the ftirft Of obe million three hundred thousand pounds, by the (aitf aft direded to be iflued and applied out of the growing produce of the ftid finking flind 5 and alfb the sum of eighty three thou- v fahd fbbr hundred twelve pounds two (hillings and five pence > h rr ha!fpenriy: remaining in the receipt Of the exchequer,‘ being » money dlfpofeablb by parliamerit for the publictc fervice, and by	^

the feid ad direded to be iflbed and applied; and the further fum 6f one million by this ad granted, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated for and towards the fevb-ral ufes ihd'purpofes herein after exprefled 5 that is to fay, it is	f

hereby diaded and declared by the authority aforefjid, That y. but of all or * any the aids or fiipplies provided as aforefaid, th* aifis ia‘ r there (hatH and may be i Aired and applied any film or (bms of ^heral, " money not exceeding three millions nineteen thousand twenty 3,01^0tit. 3*.

4bne pounds and three (hillings for or towards the nnvai fervices	natfal

herein after pattiebhrfy ex prefled; rhar is to fay, for or towards icrvKfcs#

1 tidoafs, wage^, wear andtear of the navy, and the vi&ualling I Thereof^ performed and to be performed ; arid for of towards tea I TfVrViCes hi the* office of Ordnance performed and to be berfoVfr*-I tibil'i *nd for or towards defraying the ordinary of his Majefty*s

navy;

 vjjOO^IC

-4&z

joo.oool.to-waitfs paying off the navy debt.

ao^ooo t. for building the

fcofbitalnear

GoTport.

loyooo !•'to Greenwich hofpital.

*99»*57l- *d. to the ordnance.

Amk* vklcllmo nono OfcoRtirr ft. C. 2tf. T ^5|

navy* and for half-pay to fea officers; and for or tdw&di taming Dine thousand one hundred and thirty eigjhii’iba^ and for or towards the buildings, re-buildings andrej?pir his Majesty’s (hips for the faid year. "

VI.	And it is hereby alfo eha&erf by the Authority ‘if< w ^ That out of all or any the aids or fupplies afbreffldL

and may be ifTued and applied any fum of fums dr dioricy ’ m exceeding three hundred thousand pounds* towaa^b^iqg of and difeharging the debt of the navy.	1 ^ ; . V "

VII.	And it is hereby alfo enadted by the^footfty 'aforel

of fupplies ifofefatfk ^hcrej

That out of all or any the aids r__________ T	r	.

and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of ffibricj; b# exceeding twenty thousand pounps^ for ortoward*	<»

the works of the hofpital for fick and wounded fea&erHpSfe-ing at Hajler near Gofport% for the year one thovJand^Ym1 ftiia-dred and fifty fix.	"	J'IJ

VIII.	And it is hereby ena&ed by the authc^^Sfp^

That out of all or any of the aids or fupplies aforetof shall and may be iflued and applied any furfi of fum so not exceeding ten thousand pounds upon account* °fov fopport of the coyal hofpital at Greenwich, for the I tenance of the feamen of the faid hofpital worn oUtn decrepit in the fervice of their country.	,	.

IX.	And it is hereby alfo ena&ed by the authorifjr^&qfS^ That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid,^ti^(^ and may be iflued and applied any fun) or fufos o^mor^nol exceeding two hundred ninety nine thousand one fturi^fi feven pounds and eight pence, for the charge of tfye ordnance for land fervice tor the year one thousand fevdn %uip and fifty fifc, performed and to be performed, and foir^efrgrag the extraordinary expence of the office of ordnance fojr

vice, not provided for by parliament.

*it74>54°!'5**	^n<*lX *s hereby enafted. That out of all br ^yjffic

* d. *q. tothc aids r '* “	J	c	r	y	^	A	11	Tj	||

land forces $ of which

or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there shall andowybe HJued and applied any fum or fums of money not exCecdjre^Wd million one hundred feventy four thousand five hun<fca| j*h<| forty pounds five (hillings and two pence halfpenny, ^ ^ towards maintaining his Majesty’s land forces and pttier fences herein after more particularly exprefled; that is to fty* anyJuai 9jo,So^ I. 61. or fums of money not exceeding nine hundred thirty t&ufind 9 d* for guards fix hundred and three pounds fix (hillings and nine p^nce, and'garrifons,defraying the charge of thirty thousand five hundred.^>4 Britain feat effe<ftivc men» including commiffion and non-com mi (fioji qfc Guemfey and cers ; and alfo three thousand feven hundred and fifty pinf^pr Jerfey. valids, for guards, garrifons and other his Majefty*sjapd forces in Gnat Britain, Guemfey and ’Jerfey, for the year^one thousand »98*534b 17s. f®ven hundred and fifty fix; and any fum of jum^of mpneypcf »od. *q. for exceeding two hundred ninety eight riiourand liyp

fans

 v^-ooQle

jl 7^ 6«]	Annp vtipeGmo no^o GeorgiiU, c. %g,	46$

foni\n,Nwq$X(itiar Nnufoun&udxGibraltar and prcnaJenety «and Gibral-'^dufvi.3 fey en .hundred and fifty fix $ and any film ;oV ^m^ pf ^oney not exceeding; eighty one thousand one-hum- fou’ndiamUod oreaieventy eight pounds andfixteeiv shillings, for defraying the Providence, charge off he royal American regiment of foot to be railed for his *».>»& L «s*> Many'sJervice in North fimertca, for the fervice of the. year oae ^ j|!5 .K***"r thbufandfevenhundreJandfiftyfixi and anyfumorfumsofanoney gimentoiiS, .hot exceeding, fifty three tnoufand nine hundred fiftyfive pounds 53,955!. 19*.' nineteen fhfilings and fix pence, upon account for out-penfiotb- 6 d. foe the Crs of (?h(!£•&, ffofpitd* for the year one thou&nd /even hundred of and fifty fix li'antf, any fum or funis of money not exceeding plta|.e a . -thihy eight'thoufand .pounds,, upon account of half-pay for the 31,000!,to ' reduced officers of his Majesty’s land forces and marines, /or theredmtf 1 the yearr'one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix, fubje£l to	0^the

be obferved in the application of the faid half-pay, ^ marines, sfs are hereafter preferibed concerning the fame; and any futnor 3,539!. 5 s. firms of mpoev, not exceeding three thousand five hundred thirty lod.totbe of-tiiVii pounds hve (hillings ana ten pence, for defraying the charge ficer®and -fqf illowirices ro the several officers and private gentlemen of l^f/guard*, fhi'ttvo troops of horfe guards, and regiment of horfe reduced. See. redaccd.* alia to^ficSuperannuated gentlemen of the four troops of horfe gtfi/ds,' for the year one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix )

Sttd any fum or Turns of money, not exceeding two thaufmd *,*s+1. to tfie four hundred and eighty four pounds, for paying of penfions to pinfionsof ofi-tne widows of fuch reduced officers of his. Majesty’s land farces ^5r*w*dowv arid marines, as died upon the eftablilhment of half-pay in Great	'	'

aha who were married to them before the twenty fifth diy Q^hecmber one thousand feven hundred and fixteen, for the i^ar one thousand feven hundred and fifty fixj which faid fum of TWO thousand four hundred and eighty four pounds, shall be toh* J*y , Silled to fuch person or persons as his Majesty shall by warrant bf’WiTants' hnder his royal fign manual direct and appoint to s u**’ repeive the fame, to be by him or them paid over .to fuch wi- .. ., -t? 'dqws of fyalf-pay officers or their afiigns, according to fuch efta-	-	■	t

BnfKmen.ts, lifts or other diredlions, and with and 4ubje& to fi/ch conditions, qualifications and other allowances for the fame, afc hii.Majefty by fuch and the like warrant or warrants shall he gfKCidufly plcafed to diredt and appoint; and.any fum. or fums 7	^	7«.

oP money hot exceeding feveoty five thousand eight hundred 3d. for extra-itid thirty five pounds feven ihillings and three pence, for de* ordinary ex-paying me extraordinary expences of his Majefty-s Ipnd forces, Pexie?s °£lao^ arid othef fervices, incurred Tn the year one thousand feven hun-drerf affict fifty five, and riot provided for by parliament; and any incurred in fum dr films of money not exceeding ninety one thousand nine tbe;year «?tf. fUindted and nineteen pounds ten shillings, defraying the 9'*9I91- »«> chirgC qf teh regimentsof foot, for the fervice of the year onr menuofToot. thdmand feveri hundred and fifty fix; and any fum or fums of	I	if}

4^4

Anno vicelimo nono Georcii II. c. r^.

79.9>s ^ *«• fums of ihoncy not exceeding feventy nine thotifind tjirie ftpn-

wr & m <*red an^	pounds	fix	fniHings	for defraying #Ketbar« 6t

ca°and tbeEalttwo regiments of foot ordered from Ireland to ifMhtjlrfierfea^ Indies. and of four regiments of foot on the Irijh efteblifhmenrfh^ing

54,1401, its. 6d. to the Landgrave of Hdfe Caffel j and 161,3^71. 9*. 9 a. for troops hired from him.

in North America and the Eaft Indies, for the fervice of the Vear one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix; andany fimrbrlutna th^empre^of moncy not exceeding one hundred thousand pbdnds,’ to^en-p.. a, v ' able his Majesty to make good his engagements with the einh^fi of Rnffta, purfuant to treaty; and any funr or firms of motley not exceeding fifty four tnoufand one hundred fottjf jkidnds twelve (hillings and fix pence, to enable his Majesty TO'tnake good his engagements with the landgrave of Hejfi dqffeL> Ipnr-fuant to treaty ; and any fum or fums of money not excWmng. one hundred sixty three thousand and three hundred.fifty^^ pounds nine (hillings and nine pence, towards df^fiayrhjg the charge of fix thousand five hundred and forty four fodt^ With the general officers and train of artillery, the troops of the landgrave of HeJfe CaJJel in the pay of Great Britain, from the twtm-

S third of February one thouland feven hundred and fiftyiwf; to e twenty fourth day of December following, both inclufiv<£ tjb-111,447!. 1 s. gether with the fubfidy purfuant to treaty; and any fum or/ums hom#H5Utt^°P8 mone7 not exceeding#one hundred twenty one thoufand! over. " hundred forty feven pounds two (hillings and fix pehce^ towards defraying the charge of eight thousand fix hundred and fiVefpbt* with the general officers, frain of artillery and hofpital, the Ubhps of Hanover in the pay of Great Britain, from the eleventh day of May one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix, to the twenty ^ourth day of December following, both inclufive ; and any fiiitt oro or fums of money not exceeding ten thousand pounds, to enable his Majesty to make good his engagements with the efcdtaf of Bavaria, purfuant to treaty ; and any fum or fums of mojWf not exceeding twenty thousand pounds, to enable his to make gooerhis engagements with the> King of Pruffta% pmt foant to treaty.	r*	;

1 000 oool. to	And it is hereby alfo enacted, That out of airbr a’fry tfetr

be applied as aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there shall and tbe exigency ifiued and applied any fum or fums of money not exceedih&'ofte’ of affairs may million, upon account, to enable his Majesty to concert a ndtdfc require* an fuCh meafures as may be necefFary to difappoint or defeat Suty enterprizes or defigns of his enemies, and as the exigency trr affairs may require.

XII. And it is hereby alfo enacted, That out of all or ibt' the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there shall apd tnity1 be iflued and applied any fum or fums of nioney^ not exceeding fifty five thousand and thirty two pounds nineteen (billings, upon account, for fupporting and maintaining the fcttlement of his Majesty’s colony of Nova Scotia, for the year ohe thousand 6t?l. it. 7<1. feven hundred and fifty fix ; and any fum of fums of money;

not exceeding fix hundred eighty feven pounds two (hillings and. ^Scotia in ^even P^ce* upon account; for defraying the charges .incurred i7<4, not pro- by fupporting and maintaining the fettiement of vukdfor.	if a salaay

varu.

19,0001. to the King of Prulfia.

require*

55,031!. 19*. towards the fettling Nova Scotia.



&nno licefia^	A9?	*6$

e^wyjpfpf^ff &$*% io the ^rooejhoy^ /smJw4w&

ta^in^f^c^iarges ot the ciyri jcltabUltiment ot tiuavujefiy*

and other Incidental expenses.attending ^Voeo^1** lame^firQm the twenty fourthday. of 7^ one thouiaud leyen - r

hundj^ iU& five* to tke twemy fourth day of 3W one roio^1* fbrj "

fifty fix; and any fum or (urns-ofJorti^ndfer-ippnpjfo ^exceeding ten thousand pounds, to be employed intieniwsoacfe^ tp^ni,anafupportiqg Jhe Biitijb farts and fettlements up~coa(b.of Afri»j otfdof^k,	ca* vj

* Xttl. ^od.bc Jit further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid/^oo ooot/pr * Tliat out pr alt or any. of the aids or fupplies provided as afore- defraying ex, (aid, there shall and may be ifluedand applied any fum or fum&£jj?ccs<**?• of .mpney, not exceeding one hundred thqufand pounds, upon^”^,® account, , for or towards enabling his Majesty to defray the ex- people of Por-pences which have been, or may be incurred by his Majesty in tugal. giving afliftance to the diftrefled people pf Portugal, 2nd our unhappy fellow fubjeds refiding and trading there; and any fum or jTums of money, not exceeding thirteen thousand eight hnn-dred ifixty nine pounds feven (hillings and ten pence, to enable*?^ °tQ re:u * his Majesty to pay the faid.fum to James Tierney of London mer- pay tiie Spa-phant, agent for and on behalf of don Libino Bernardo Vander- ni(h mer-bronk, and other merchants, refiding at Cadiz, fubjeds of hU^an^h*if cathoGcfc Majesty, owners of the money and effeds taken in the a^uat#oftht Spanijb ihip Anna Maria y Saint Felix; provided th^t all claims (hip Anna of thsSpwJb merchants be by them or their agent or agents, Mariay aligned oyex tp proper persons, to the end that the fame be rerFeti* coyered and applied to the Ufe of thepublick; andapyfiuuor furns lI5>000j ^ ^ of moqey* ppt exceeding the sum of bne hundred and fifteen thqu- free gift to the find pifiinda, upon account, to be diftributed in^fuch proportions-colonies of ,. as his Majesty in his wifdom shall think fit, tp his Majesty’s color **cw England; nies of New England, New York and Jerfey, in America, as a free v^L °&c%aa^

g’ft and rpward for their paft fervices, and an encouragement toJ em to continue to exert themfclves with vigour in defence of , f, V< his Majefty^juft rights apd pofleffions; and any fumqr fuirnof 50#o|. t*$ir T money^ not exceeding five thousand pounds, to be given to wittiamjobrfi Sjr IVilham Jobnfon as a reward for his fervices ; and any fum or fon aa,*>rey4‘ films pf money, not exceeding Seventy pne thoufand.oue hun- ^vices ^ h*# dred and eighty one pounds two (hillings and three pence three 7X,i8i1.,is# farthings, tajmake good the deficiency of the half fubfidies of 3d. iq. to tonnage and poundage, charged with the payment of several an- mak*£<*** nuitips by the ads of the fixth of Queen^f/w, and fixthof King ^alf filbfiX George the Firft, to fatisfy all annuities charged thereupon, to 0f tonnage and the fifth day of January one thousand feven hundred and fifty poundage 5 fix j. and, ap[y fum or fum? of money, not exceeding!!# thousand 6,0311. 7s. id. and ttyrty two pounds (even (fillings and one penpy» to be paid to Jofcn to Jolnjfakrth late &>\&MV.Qi(tyeDoa/lC*ftJe in AfrUa, for his extraordinary charges in (upporting and defending the Britijb c^pcCo^^fl and fetjJcmeafs therp againft the bnftUities of tfie Dutch, c

Xxt:*'' ‘	/ HU	and	‘	.	;„*r/

as a





466	Annft viccfimo nono GeoRGU ll. c. 29,

! and encroaththents of theFrench,in the year one tnoofenH______________

hundred and fttv} 'and any fom or frnns of meWfcy^htt exceed-. 10,00011. to	iHg teri thatflana pounds, towards eriabltrig the CofrnflHlfohefs

commilTionef* for boildmg a bridge crofs thethrer tif Tbanti frartt ihi dJt/'of* Weftmmfter w the oppofite (hone Iri thectiurt ty bf Sii’tTiyl'tcrvxlt-layingopen chafe houfissandgraatids for the widening the VH«‘i;,<,aVid malk-the itreeti itrg more fafe and commodious the firsts, avCnuey-arid pafS^es, from Charing leading from Charing Crofs to the two houfes of pafHameM^rHe' Croft,	See.courts of jaftice, and fVtJhnirtfler	and any ftrih ot firms,

ifoal; fer of money, not exceeding three thoufartd pounds, fo'eRible'hrt tbirrrentM.jefty to defray the expertce'of Weftiriga tilortuhrft^'JHHhtr Capt*Corn- calkgiate church of Saint , fPeJlmih/fer, to the'mWbdf^bf wafi.	captain James	Cornwall,purfuant to an addrefs'td'hS’ Bfdjobr

on the twenty eighth day of Maj one thousand feVeh'fnindVed j,03*L ts.iod. and forty feven; and any fum or films of motVey,

»q, deficiency three thousand thirty eight pounds fix (hillings ahd'tetVpiricP ot the grants halfpenny, to make good the deficiency of the grant i'TOr'tfifc for the year fervice of the year one thousand feven hundred arid' fkW'ftve f *75S* ,	.	and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding teYr racrttfihd

Foundling * pounds, towards enabling the governors and g^ardiiri$ c#f the hofpital.8 hofpital for expofed and deferted young children, to recdiVe Thto the faid hofpital all children under a certain age to be appointed by the fald governors and guardians, who shall be hototfght to the faid hofpital after the firft day of June, and bdfbtfc'the thirty-firft day of December one thousand feven hundred «hd fiftr-

XIV.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority* ifbre*> be applied to That the faid aids and fupplies provided as aforefiu&ifttifl no Qtucr ufes. not be ifiued or applied to any ufe, intent or purpofe whitfevet,

other than the u(es and purposes before-mentioned, of fbf the ’■	feveral deficiencies or other payments directed t6 be ftuisfipl

thereout, by any a ft or afts, or any particular ftatifri 6T"clati1tt for that purpofe contained in any other aft or afts	pf<-'

fent (Mfion of parliament.	"

XV.	And as to the faid ftrtn of thirty-eight thodfabd pdftA^s, by this aft appropriated on account of half pay as aforeftitt\' It is hereby enafted and declared by t|ie authority aforefaid. That the rules herein after preferibed, shall be duly obferved ,m thf application of the faid halfpaythat is to fay.That'no perfritf shall have or receive any part of the fame, who Was hKrfor, and under the age of fixteen years at the time whetV the regiment, troop or company, in which he ferved, wastedtiCM; that no person shall have or receive any part of the Gmje^except. Iuch perlbns who did aftual fervice in fome regiment, fTodnor company; that no person having any other place oremploymem of profit, civil or military, tinder his Majesty, fhatT have or fe-, ceive any part of the faid half-pay ; that no chaplain of any garrifon or regiment, who has any ecclefiafticalbeneficeln fJr/A' Britain or Ireland, shall have or receive any part of the &ftf half-pay ; that no person shall have or fccehre any* p^^or^e 'fatnt who has refigaed his commlflion, ind hits had tw conKriiftfca

.. .. v .... v Tflnecj

Rules to be obferved in the application or the half-pay.





lOSfifl!	Anno vicerimo nono Giorgii IJ. c. 30. M r	467

fmcc ; t^tiio part of t^ve Jhgtl be allowed to any. p&fom by_ virtue	any warrant or appointment, except to fuch >pcp*<	»• :. *

fons as would have been other wife intituled to the fame as ?ro-j	*	1

dqced officers $ and that nq part of the fame shall be allowed tbh ; ’	.	'	:	*

ariy 6f the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight re- * gimenf3 of foot lately di/baqded in /rWdWyexcept to fuch *s werei Mtdjr tal^en off the eftabltfb meat of half-pay in Great Britain.	'	'

] XVX. And whereas h <ma8 §f parliament made and puffed in the twenty eighth year ef ms Majesty s reign,, intituled. An aft for*8Geo.i,c.*v granting to bis Majesty a certain fum of money therein mentioned out of the finking fund, and applying certain monies re-	,

maining in thoexchequer, for th$ fervice of the year one thou-find (even hundred d fifty five 5 and for carrying the furpius 1 of certain duties to the finking fund; and for further appropri-sfring the fupplies granted in this session of parliament; thefe^ verof fupplies which had been, granted to his Majesty, as is therein * rnet^tunady were appropriated to the several ufes and purposes therein	\

trpreftidy amoneft which, any fum or fums of money not exceeding forty feven thousand pounds was appropriated to be paid to the reduce<£ officers of his Majefty9s land forces and marines, fubjeft nevertkekfs tfftuh rules to be obftrved in the application of toeTaid half-pay,' as in and bp the aforefaid afl were preferred in that behalf: now it is' herebyprav kkd, enafted and declared by the authority afore-(aid^/fhaf fo much of the faid him of forty (even thousand Rules to be pounds, as is or shall be more than Efficient to fatisfy the fakfobfervedinihe reduced officers, according to the rules prefcribed by the ftid aPP*Jcat[™ ot. aft to te obferved in the application thereof, or any part of fucii	1,<

ovtjrphi*,, shall and may be difpofed of to fuch officers who are'propna^dla ihauned or loft their limbs in the late wars, or fuch others as by i755l to the rpafbnof their long fervice or otherwife, his Majesty shall judge Payment of tp fee proper objeft9 of charity, or to the widows or children of^uccd fuch officers, according to foch warrant or warrants, under his ccrs*

Majftty's royal fign manual, as shall be figned in that behalf;

anything \n this aft or the faid former aft to the contrary not-	:	^

wfthftaoding.

cap. xxx.

An aft.	farmere	effefltialfy	difeoteraging and preventing the

i	fieqling*and	tbi buying* and receiving of lead*

iron* copper*	brafs* bellmetal and	and for more'

. tffehually bringing the offenders to jujtice.

WHEREAS the perniciouspraflite of feeding lead* iron* copper*	brafs* bell-metal and folder* fixed to* or lying* or being

in or Upon	htufis*/outhoufes* mills* warehoufexoorifhops, and other

buildings* areas* vaults* yards* gardens*	or	other	places	j

and alfo the ficaling tf fuch materials from	barges,	lighters*

boats* and other, veffeh	and -craft* upon navigable rivers* in ports of.	to

entry, 'ordifcharge* creeds and docks belonging thereto* and alfo:	•;

off	and	other,flaps* fs became ‘

evil* byreason of lhc difficultj'in apprehending and • --‘frf	Hh2	thieves*

 vjOOQLC

+68

Aaoo viccfimo nono GeorgxiII.



c* 3°’-,Xwk6-

thieves, and the Jlill greater difficulty of difcoveristg am \eortviftfng the buyers or receivers thereof ; which buyers or receiverf ctre the principal caufe 'of the commiffion of finkthefts *, and tn regaxdtbat 4.he faid offences are committed in fiuch clofic andxlandefiine matweK*t that there can he no witnefs or xvitneffis tt the fame, but juch who if +r&e partakers of the offence: and whereas if the buyers and receiverI *f lead* irony copper, brafisy bell-metal or folder,• knowing. 1 tir, hoping reafonable cauje to fujpcCt, the fame to be ftoleir, or unlawfully ,<sfne *	by, were made original offenders, and punijbable independent qf the

apprehenfton and conviction of the thief; and if tie apprehending* profecuting, and convicting the offenders in both kinds were rendered more eafy and fpeedyy it might more effeCluatty tend to the dijioyery and fuppreffion of the faid offences: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and utifkifh* advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflembled, and Buyers or re- thority of the fame, That from and after the ftrfcdayiof Og*~ Cf VhFS °* any ^tr one t^ou^anc^ feven hundred and fifty fix, every, pecfor)ni*h,0 rials herrin * fta11 buY or receive an7 lead, iron, copper, brafs, mentioned, folder, knowing the fame to be ftolen, or unbwfollyt owe knowing the by; or shall privately buy or receive any ftolen lead*

^me to be copper, brafs, bell metal or folder, by fuffering any dpor, lawful 1 v*come w5ndow or Gutter to be left open or unfaftened betwqefrj&iq-by, &cl fetting and fun-rifing for that purpofe; or ftiall buy.^r jr^eiyc the fame, or any of them, at any time in any clandeftine. if convicted,to ner from any person or persons whatfoever; (hall, being .tfiqre-earrtCd convi^e<* by due courfe of law, although the principal fejqp r 14 years. of felons, has not or have not been convicted of fteahjngjhe fame, be tranfported for fourteen years to any of his cblonies or plantations in America^According to theUvf$|a;|9?£C for the tranfportation of felons.	.	•	.	/«> 10

Where there II. And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That^^taU is cauie ot fuf- may be lawful for any one justice of the peace* upon^p^r tyiffSe a* * P^nr unade to him upon oath by any credible perfon,.that* fearch war-	is caufo to fofpedl ftolen lead, iron, copper, brafs, bettrO^?#] of

rant,	folder, is concealed in any dwelling-houfe, out-houfc, y*r<h

garden, or other place or places, by warrant under his ^aiutftpd , leal, to caufe every fach dwelling-houfe, out-htmfe, yard* g and the mate- den arid place, to be featched in the day-time; and rials, and the iron, copper, brafs, bell-metal or folder, fufpe&ed to; be

wjth	(hall be found therein, to caufe the fame, and the perfon, or ;per-

ft*MTa#cC	fons wriofe houfe, outhoufe, yard, garden, or other.pipe*

foupd, to be	the fame fhallbe found, to be brought before any, two or,00^

tarried before juftices of the peace for the famec6unty, city, ridings divt&^ two juftices, liberty or place ; and if the faid person or persons (hat! not give Party not ac- an *ccount to the fatisfa&ion of fuch juftices, how he, (hp, or counting fa- they came by the fame; or (haU not, within (rime convenient tufaftorily, time, to be fet by the faid juftices, produce the patty or parries dren!f^r?uiIty or ^rom w^om	^ tbcy bought or received fuohfftpkai

lead, iron, copper, braft, bcH-mctal or folder, thatthtfMhe ft«|i

perfoaj

of a rnifue-meanor.

j 756.] Anno yicefimo nono Georgii IL c. 30.	469

perfon or pcrfons fo offending, shall be deemed and adjudged	*

guilty of a misdemeanor.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforetud* Sufpe&ed per-

That every conftaUe^ headborough or tithingman, in every ^theTaidroa-county, city, town corporate, or other place where they shall be trials Vn the" Officers, and every beadle within his ward, parish or diftridfc, n,ght time, and every watchman during fuch time only as he is on his duty, maybe appre-ihafl and may apprehend, or caufe to be apprehended, all and of^ *rs every person or perfoos who may reafonably be fulpedled ofwatchmen* having or carrying, or any ways conveying, at any time after	*

fun-fetting, and before fun-xifing, any lead, iron, copper, brafs, bell-metal or folder, fulpe&ed to be ftolen or unlawfully come

by; and the fame, together with fuch person or persons, as foon and carried as conveniently may be, to convey or carry before any two or before two ju-more juftices of the peace for the county, city, riding, divifion, rticcs>&c* liberty or place aforefaid; and if the person or persons fo apprehended conveying any fuch lead, iron, copper, brafs, bell- -metal or folder, (hail not produce the party or parties from	r

whom he, (he or they bought or received the fame, or fome otlier credible witnefo to depofe upon oath the fale or delivery of the faid lead, iron, copper, brafs, bell-metal or folder (which and not ac-oath any fuch juftices are hereby ienpowered to adminifter) or counting fa- > shall not give an account, to the (atisfa<$ion of any two or more twfa&only, of fuch juftices, how he, (he or they c^me by the fame, that then of the (aid person or persons fo apprehended, shall be deemed and m*anor. adjudged guilty of a mifdemeanor.

IV.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefcid, That where In which ca-any person or persons shall be convi&ed of either of the mifde- the meanors aforefaid, it shall and may be lawful for any two or

more of fuch juftices to caufe fuch lead, iron, copper, brafs, bell- [he churcb-metal or folder, to be depoftted in the hands of the churchwar- wardcni, See. dens or overfeersof the poor of the place where fuch lead, iron, copper, brafs, bell-metal or folder were found, or in any other . t convenient place, for any time not exceeding thirty days 5 and in the mean time to order the faid churchwardens and overfeers an4	»

of the poor, or one of them, in all and every of the within the bills of mortality, to infert an advertifement in fome andotherwife, publick paper, pnd in every other parish or place to cayfc no- to be given, tlce to be given by fome publick cryer, and by fixing on the chuTch or chapel door notice deferibing fuch lcaa, iron, copper, brafs, bell-metal or folder, and where the fame shall be lode-pofited, to the end that persons having loft fuch lead, iron, copper, brafs, bell-metal or folder, may come and claim the fame, or any reputable perforvon their behalf; and in cafe any person or persons can prove tlw property to the faid lead, iron, copper, brafs, bell-metal or folder, upoft oath, to the fatisfac-tion of any two or more of fuch juftices of the peace for fuch county, city, riding, divifion, liberty or place, that then fu<?h juftices shall order reftitution of fuch lead, irpn, copper, brafs, bell-metal or folder, to the owner or owners thereof, after pay-jpg the reafotubfo charge* of. remoyingJ deporting and giving , i	H	h	3	publick	*

and thee er, proving hit property n t# have them, '

otherwife are to and the money divided between the officer add poor.

4^0	Atiuo vice{imp neoo GeoWHI II. a. jo. £

. pubjick notice of the fame; tnd if at the end of,thirty ' days no person or persons shall come and prove oi^‘ n^r.QC^OX! ik they property nor pny reputable |>eiT6n on fris or	-W

*** fbeh lead, iron, cooper, brafs, bell-metal pr folder, the nuriq to e mn‘ be fold fof the bed price that can reafonably be bad* anit

deducing the changes as aforefaid, OnC moiety of tlie fnpncy arlfing from fuch fale to be given to the person or shall apprehend the party or parties guilty of the mi(9^^sjorv afore-mentioned, or either of them; and the odierr thereof to the poor of the parlfti where facto oflfenc* Jty^jbe ogfB-

Sitted (if it is knovyn where) or elfe where fucti copy^wml all be tnade.	\‘*	^	°

IVrfen to V. And be it further enafied by the authority afor$&r wfcora any. every person to whom any lead, iron, copper, braf^

(bch material* or folder shall be brought and offered to be fold, paw

br^s^,tobe!ivered’ fcaJJ and ;8 hereby imp°wered and require*,

Idld or pawn- mg reaionable caufe to fufped that fuch lead, iron, cop ed,raayinany bell-metal or folder, was ftolen or unlawfully.Qpfrel fufpdaed cafe prehend, fecure, and carry before a juftiee br the pcade flop and carry county city, riding, divifion, liberty or place where lottos iwcPaiXce» lha11 ^ fo br6l,ght or offered (having it in his or

to do) the person or persons fo bringing or offering together with fuch lead, iron, copper, brafs, bell-mctulAT* der; and fuch person or persons (o apprehended (hallw *A with, and fuch lead, iron, copper, brafs, bell-metal of shall be depofited and difpofed of, in the fairie tnapner, ^

, . fhe or they had been apprehended by the conftable, fc1*

-	•	rough, tythingman, beadle or watchman, as aforefaid $ ati

trtMrvtf (V; up- shall appear upon the oath of any perfon, notwithftafu on proof of person or persons was or were concerned in the fteali^jt!

it corroborated with other credible circumftances, tptne non of two or more juftices of the peace for the toM riding, xlivifion, liberty or plate, where the fame $ miTdemcanor. brought or offered as aforefaid, that there Was reafdp to fulpe<5 (beb lead, iron, copper, brafs, beH-metaJ of ItoJ^n or Unlawfully come by, and thar the person whom fuch lead, iron, copper, brafs, belt-metal orfo^r^sras fo brought or offered, did not (having it in his, h^'or jtlifif power fo to do) apprehend, fecure, and cany befqre a j[u(We bf ^ v ~:	tfie peace as aforefaid, the person or persons Who fo ^^y^nt or

"Vi	offered the fame, that then the person or perfons

fuch lead, iron, copper, brafs, bell-metal or fo^r^wasjb brought or offered, shall bt deemed and adjudge*! mifdemeanor.	'	'	,	V

VI; And be it further ena<9ed, That every person deeded apt

Sed guilty of a tnifdemednor* in having in his, hef

on, any lead, iron, copper, brafs, belkmpiajor fc^ofer, fufpedled to be ftoien or unlawfully come by, and not producing

fuch reafop-able caufe of fufpicion, he is guilty of a

Perfons. cpftr vr£ftd qf. a mifdemeanor in having in

•ny'XSS »^e party or parties of whom he, (he or they bought rowed

-*1 '-----------------------“t,	^

their pod

any of tlwf -	-	-	.	.	. , - A

materials, &c. the fame, nor giving a latisfactOry account,	,

and not ac- cairie by the lime, or in having, carryingor oonveytng thelcad,

,f*	;	:i	  ,",n

cuuming (atif*

troih

 LmOoq le

°Anno Ucfeftmo hbh6 (SEORdri tl. c. *|o.	47*

bdl-'rn«t?i1 and fclder, fulpe&ed to be ftolefi

6r unJa>5fi ' fyotfiwha %ny c^idifi

rtert^'-

. 'Vi 9 r

fl# ctotae by? ^nclfiot producing the parity or parties, thc<la™** rillfe, (he or theybought or received the fame, nor ^ , *»j i^Witnefs to depdfc upon oath the fale or delivery giving a fatisfa&ory account how he, (he or they <5a^T^TOe fiihe (as.the fcafe shall be) (hall, for every fuch mil- to forfeit for derrieanot?, roffeit for the firit offence, the sum of forty shillings, the firft of* and fof rhq fecood offenefc, the sum of four pounds, and tor ffnc* +°3’ *0lj fatty fuh(^erit ‘offence^ the fum.of fix pounds ; and that every tor every* deemed and adjudged guilty of the mifdemeanor of neg- fubfequentone iedtfng td~dpjpf£hcrid# fecure and carry before a justice of the 61. and being peace, % he person or perfona, (paving it in his, her or their pow- °f a , $V"hobought or 'offered to fell, pawn or deliver, “b^SEJ atty lead, irdn, xopper, brafs, Dell-metal or folder (as the cafe iag fuipedtodi fharf b^fulpe&ed to be ftolen or unlawfully come by, shall for perfona before every/fuCh^ifdemeanor, forfeit for the firft offence, the sum of *	1

tfrfcnty .ffiiMirigs, arid for the second offence, the sum of forty l^lings^ aha for every fubfequent offence, the sum of four 20*. tor the i bdhijlds,* fcll ^pich fetd refoeflive forfeitures, shall and may be second 40a. ; idtfred by diftrefs apd faje or the goods and chattels of every fuch ?°Ator circf? Offender f(k*endering to him or het the overplus, after charges of t0***!1*11* ffie faid ,diftrefs and (ale dedu&ed) by warrant under the hands Forfeiture* aftdr(eals of any two or more of fuch juftices, before whom h?w to ** le-Aliih.onender was deemed and adjudged guilty \ which forfei- w1°^lnd ap*

ftife (half be paid, one moiety thereof to the informer, and the

W/madq j ind if no fufnefent diftrefs shall be fourtd, whereon to fcVy/th^ fi^d refpeeffive forfeitures, then the faid juftices (hall	;	1.1

aria ik^ colmihit every fuch offender, fo refpcaively deemed	G

fudged guilty as iforefaid, to the common gaol or	t:li'I

^beir prifon, or houfe of correction, within their juriididtion,	:

vJltftouj bail or mainprize. for the fpace of one month for the, fkff offence, and for the (ccond offence for the fpace of two iribriths, dnd for every fubUbquent offence, until fuch offender shall tte difeharged by order of the court of general or quarter ftfflong. 1'' .y -

1 Vll. Arid be it further enacted. That every convidlioo of Conviftions to iftycffenderin any ofthe aforefaid mifdemeanors, Chall becef- **certified t® faffed by two or more of fchfe juftices of the peace, making ^ feffionsrtaP" ft tie, 'to thp next general or quarter feifions of (be peace, to be 9 filed arid-tittered amongft the records of the faid feflions; and that fbch cqnvi&ion shall and#nay be drawn up on parchment, driff certified in the following form of words (as the cafe shall in the form happen) or In any other form of words to the like effect, mutathiQ\l^ing, ffufaniis'i tfiat is to fay,. '	_

Middle^*, I tJ.E H rememiftuS^ That on the

1	D	of	1	'	'	v	)n	the	y	ear

D<#

1 of I ' ~ / in iht year	A.	B.	was

~ionisified itfate tii	of the jvj/iicefof the	peace

Hh 4	for

Aana vlfcfeflMb tacM Siporoii It• aypk	It1 ^5^

-■1 ’	fe/r\tbecounty,	eidirig,	Soifson,iberty	orptUcc*jfbnqfaik

1 ^	{ai	tbt	cafe	/ball	be)	$f atoifdal&atiaftw

her or their pojfejjion, lead, iron, copper, brdfs^\*he&-^ ! - i pi mttalor ftdder, fufpeitei $obe ftolmerimlinkfuUy.^m^ " <■	by, and not producing the party Or parties, i op tobam be,

/be or they bought or received the fame, nor gpaheg M Je-thfaifory account bout hey /be. or they Atom* f1grtk fame, or in having, carrying or conveying oflectd^ rra} copper, brafs, bell-metal or folder,fufpe&ed. toitjlakn w unlawfully come by, and not preJacingrthtlpartyiarpat-tier from whom he,/he or they bfagbt er rauipnitbtficmu* nor any credible witnefs' to dipofe upon eatbntbe n delivery thereof, or not giving a fatisfiaftory tcimut.bp he, /he or they came by the fame, or of ne&lVQibgtf*Mp 1	prehend and fecure the person cr per fans, iuhm bkaught m

offered to pawn, fell er deliver, lead, iron* /tefpes, brafs, bell-metal or folder, jufpetied tocfe, jlakk, *

, (	unlawfully	come	by	(as the cafe /ball bt\ ' h . w . .

Given under our bands and feeftr ihe 'M and year afarefaid.	* ' T - ^

Said coimfli- Which faid convi&ion, in the fame ot* the like form of words, on not to be , shall be good, and effectual in law to all intents and 4»urix&s, nwItdb0rrC an<* not	cr adjudged void or lnrnS-

Certiorari. c,ent f°r want °f any other form or words whatfoever, nor h liable to be removed by Certiorari into his Majefty^s^dfu^ or King's Bench, but shall be deemed and taken to be fini ws ail intents and purposes whatfoever.	*>	*n '

Felon con\Mft-	VIII. And be it further enadted by the authority arfbrteSki

or^^recciters^of T^hat if any person being out of prifon,fhall after the Aid -M fuch ftolen dayof October one thousand feven hundred and fifty town-materials, is vmit any felony, by flealing any lead, iron, copper, Wrafft^feeli-M*t0M*'mctal orf°lder, an^ afterwaras difeaver two or mbrfe p^rfos, don • S wh° <hall buy or receive any ftolen lead, iron, coppier^ brtts *	bell-metal or folder, after the (aid fiHt day of 0tiolfc:6ti&htm-

fand fevert htindred and fifty fix, knowing the fatrre to b^ftfeferv *fo as two or more of the persons difeovered, Ihall b^ cc^w^td of fuch buying or receiving, he, fhe or they lb dHcoveriri^, ftali have, and^ be intitled to, the gracious pardon of his Marjofty, his heirs and,fuccefTors, for all luch felonies by him or hteredm-mitted, at any time or times before fuch dHcovery made, ^fiicb pardon shall be likewife a bar to any appeal brought for fod

«n> oTa^if? IX. And be It further enadted by the authority afarefiid, demeanor* in That if any person shall be concerned in the dealing kriyltad, not appre. j|*0n, copper, brafs, bell-metal or folder, and fhfaft afWHrthds. iff-mW nrtVr being out of prifon, difeover any person to whom'hd, (hdortfiey ingtofeil or ‘(hall have, after the faid firft day of Oftober, offered t<y fell,

’ pawn thefame, pawn or deliver, any ftoien lead, iron, copper, braft, beff-nten is diTcharged or folder, fo as fuch person be conviefted of the mHdemfcanot c tiion"orfilth*',DOt aPPreb^ding, feCuring and carrying, him, ftfcr dribetn, Wopv. C before a juftice, as aforefaid* that then the person making fuch

difeovery,

 

-	Aano	vitfeGowmonb	GeoroiI	Hu/	»	49$.

difcovC^rfhatt not be.liable: tq be profecmedifor (tailing the ,leadv irp«;xoppcr,brais,. bdhmetal or folder* fooffcred as a-

^	v	\» . -	*,	«-	*	<	*	*

•vttX..- AfKlbc it furcbej- enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Limitation of if aivyaction onfint fiiall be'doramenced or brought againft any a^boa». juftk^cr jnRices of thepeace, or other officeror person what-Hfoem, fordoing or cabling to be done, any thing in purfuance aof	concerning the faid offences, the fame shall becom-

mcnced w brought within fix months after fuch caufe of action htf* accrued i ^and the defendant in fuch cafe may plead the ge- General iffue. -mfal itfucy and give the fpccial matter in evidence; and if upon ‘fuch. adiotita verdi& shall be given for the defendant, or the ,’fdamtiff, become nonfuited, or ddeontinue his action, the defen-• Amtsjhall have treble cofta.	Treble coftf.

;* XLFVovided always, That nothing herein contained shall ex- Former laws 'Jteeid, orbe conftrued to extend, to repeal any former law now n°t vacated, -iin beiiig, for the puniftiment of fiich offenders; and provided	cr#

alfo, that fuch offender, after having-been pumthed by this aft, double pun-Ihallmpt for . the fame offence, be afterwards punifhed, or bie iOunent. liable to be puniihed, by any fuch former law.

,	CAP.	XXXI.

An act to enable infants, hinaticksy and fetnes covert, to fur-] \ . ' render leafes in order to renew the fame.

WHEREAS divers lands, tenements and hereditaments, have byny and may bey granted by, leafe for the life of one or; more person or perfonsy or, for terms of years abfmteor determinable upon jfadsfttk of,one or mare person or persons, or qtherwife; and whereas	„	\

- in mifer u obtain a renewal of fuch leafes, if. js in, many Safes netef-<f»ryM Jurrender up she ejlates thereby granted* which furrenders cannot pt effectually made by persons under the age of twenty one years y %or -lunaticks, nor by femes covert without levying a fine* to • She manifejl detriment of themy and their families; be it therefore	1	4

ef*a#cd,by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with, the upd content of the lords fpiritugl and temporal and cqm-;pons in this present parliament affemble^d, and by the,authority e>f the fame. That in all cafes where any person under the age pf twenty one years, or any lunatick, or feme covert, is or shall become foterefted in or infixed to, any lqafe or leafes made or Guardians, .granted,,or to be made or granted, by any person or persons, bodies politick, corppratq orTcollegiate, aggregate or foie* for, the femes covert, life or lives of one or more person or persons, or for any term in order tothe qI years, either abfolute. or determinable upon the,deatbof one fuirender*q4 pr more person or perfonsj or other wife, it shall and may be	°*

lawful; for fuch person under the age of twenty one years, or for 3 hip or her guardian or guardians, or other person pr persons, pa his or her behalf, and for fuch lunatick, or his or her guardian pr guardians, committee or committees of theeftate, or may apply to either person or persons on his or her be bah* and for fuch feme **?* court covert, or an other pprfon or perfon? pn her’ behalf, to apply .	s .	tQ	way |

/

 



474	.'Arvnio Vicefimonone G&6ROJT nr x. fop$6.

to the high court of Chartctrj of Great Britain, the court of tityier, the courts of equity of the counties pabfiflepf x/C^e/^r, Lane after and Durham, or the courts of great feflionof the pnh-eipahty of Wain refpe&ivefy, by petition or motion; in 'i Remand bf order nwry ytiy,and by the order anddito&km of the fiddittobtotire-of court, jbeiftivcdy made, > upaai< hearing at) panties concernM^ fuufiper-lo» under the age of twenty one years,and h*dhtimwtiidc» or person or persons appointed by tbefaidcourts r^pc^af^ qnd may furrender alio fuch feme covert, by deed or deeds only, without lagging by deed fuch any fine, shall and maybe enabled, from time to time, to for-bafes, andre fende|. fuch leafe or kafes, and accept and uid>, ‘i8|gUU as the com*’ ^nd for the benefit of fach person under the age of tvrtfkHy’onc jhall direft. years, or lunatick, or fette covert, one or more tv£w ' ldpo'br.

leafes of the premifTcs, comprised in fitch Jettfe or1 •W^fi^Tot'rofb1 r,	dered. by virtue of tliiawfi, for ondduriog fuch hmnbefod'ffh-et,-

or for fuch term or'terms of years, determinable aJpoft’lbgV number of lives, or lor fuchterm or terns of ye*rs 'iWhftife^;lw eras or write mentioned or Contained in fitch fcale nr’lisdferp fo iiirrendered, at the making thereof refpedivtly,orotbCinWlfel» the faid courts (ball refpe£&vdy direct.	jCi>: ? ' ^fI ’

Fine and char-	H. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefotd,

ges attending. That all and every fum and Aims of money, and other ctjfibdeW the renewal,to ation, paid or advanced by any fuch guardian, trufteef cobvprfit-Uwefatcor" tec> or *ther perfon, as and for a fine or income, the leafebold tore of a fine or income, for or on account of the renew*) of premises, as 'any foch teafe or lea (its, and dll reafonable charges iifclflehf’tfifctb-the court thall-to, Audi be paid -out of the estate or effects of the ihfimt br-fo-direet. natick for whofe benefit the find kaft or leafes shall bO fettdttvtsV or (ball be a charge and incumbrance upon the leafeheMprts ' •* mitts, together with interefi for the feme, as the-Tdhf courts Fine for femeswfpedtively fhtdl di*e& and determine, and as for arid CdifberN*' covert to be ing leaks to be made upon farrenders by femes •covert',- uftKfir charged on thej|w-. fine efreoftfideration of fach leafe, and the re*fonaWdfbfi8f*; ■rites pr* 0“*’	be otherwife paid or feertred, the feme,* togiifhWlu#tHr

interefo (hail be a charge or incumbrance upotr faclf ledfifobf* premifies, forthe ufe and benefit of fuch peron or perfefts sSfto (hall-advancethe fame.	'

New leafes to HI. And be it'further enabled by the authorhy aforeffeSf;' be to the fame That the retye&ive leafes tu be fo renewed fha!I operate,' and bfc' a*the *® the fame ufes, end be liable to the fafoe trufts, ofikigb#, tob1; former. cumbrances, difyofitkms, devifes and conditions,as

be, from time to time, for rendered as afore fsdd, wertfcr^eHflif have been fahje& to, in cafe fach farrender had riot bdehi mdbV *	any thing in this Or any former law to the contrary1 ftbtWtbW

ftandtog.	• vfe/v one

Surrender and IV' And be if further enafted and declared, Thil) dvCriffSiJi1 lenewal of .forrender* and fach leafe or leafes granted thereupon,-• fh&ll bd,‘ fucb leaies «nd be defined as valid and legal, to aM irftebts artd pUfpofe', deemed valid.-3* if faob furMnder had been made by ahd Oft thb wR41f(if4t pertori of fuH age, fene tnind, or not marrted f anythiliginttiis . or any former law tothe cOntrary not^iUiflandiii|g.-)1}Cn: ,:J,: Dl<-;

CAP.



*75^1 . T AqpcrvioefirnQ npno Geo*9*i II. €.fg.	47$

-a	cap.	xxxii.	-	r :*•

yfn aft to indemnify per Jon? who	qualify

tbemfeives according to the direftioeu of.	of

par foment within the times limited by fatcb afts refped*

-	bpi/fyi and	for allowing further time for that

r and concerning the odmffiont'of officers and members of cities,

1 • forpefations attdberbugb towns; and	of	-

: •Dits of articles of clerijbip.

XT/-HE RE AS	divers perfanr %obt their offices,

VV . pieces* employments or profaffions, or any other caufe ; f*onr0ught:to. have taken andfttbfmbcdthe oaths or.the I fpoftkffiy appointed to be byfwh per fans, in and by an ail made in i tfae frfa year:tf the reign of bis late majejiy King George of gbri-, Geo... c.

1 eyes memory { intituled,An ad rot tbc further Security of his.Ma~>

I jflfty’s pcrfpft and government, and thq fucceffion of the crown I m the heirs of the late prtneefe Sophia, being preteftants; and j fqrextinguilhing the hopes of the pretended prince of , and his open and fecret abetters j) or to have qualified tbeatfalves , attending	to onait made in the	thirteenth year the reign of King ,

I Charles the Second (intituled. An act for the well governing and ^

I regulating corporations 5) or to have qualified	acterding.ie *J	**C‘I*

I another a# mode in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second (intituled. An act for preventing the dangers which may **	‘

happen from popiflt recufants;) by receiving tie Lords {upper* according to the ufagt of the church of England)} and making end fubferibing the declaration againfi tranjubfiantiotien therein -mentioned} or	according to another made in the thirtieth

ytar of the reign of King Charles the Second (intituled. An ad for30 Car> ** *• **

; t^ more eftedual prsferving the King’s perftm and govern-	1

orient, by difabling papifts from fitting in either houfe of par- :

| liaroentj) have through ignorance ef the law,

avoidable accident, omitted to take and fubferibe oaths and , ” affurqnse, or otherwife to qualify thmfafves as aforefmd, within fuck	^

t^ne, and in fauh	manner* as in and by the fold alls rtfptftiveq, or

by any other aft of parliament in that behalf made and provided, it required,whereby they may be in danger of incurring divert penalties did difebilities: for quieting the minds of his Majesty’s fubjeds, and for preventing any inconvenienties that might otherwife happen by. means of fuch omtfltons.be it eaaded by the King’s rpoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons* in- this prefeot parliament ailembled, and by die authority of the (ame. That	*

1 aU and every person and persons who (hall, on or before the Further time twenty eighth day of November one tlroufsnd feven hundred and *° *8 ^.ov- . fifty fix, take and fubferibe the faid oaths and aflimnop refped- Li-f0n°s-^Wio ively, in fuch cafes wherein by law the faid oaths or aiTurahce have onrftred ought to have been taken or fubferibed, in fccb manner and to qualify form, and fuch place and places, as are appointed in and by rirothem,^'rlye,•

(aid ad made in rite firft year qf the reign of his faid-latc mtje- avr*

,	•	i	'	ty

 

47^	Anno vlceGmo nouo Qeorgij ll.	I? ?£$'

fly Xing George, or by any, other a6l ora6ts ojf pa$ament in tlxat behalf made and provided; and alfo receive; rhe faefttnent of the Lords fupper, according to the ufage of the'church of England; and make and fubferifie the faid dedaratfbn agiinft tranfubftantiation, in fuch cafes wherein the /aid facrat^ent ought tp have been receiyed, and the faid decoration oughtho have been made and fubferibed, shall be, and'are hereby indemnified* freed and difcharged, from and againft aty penalties, forfeitures, incapacities and difabilities, incurred or to be Incurred, for or by reafon of any former neglect or omiflion of taking or fubferibing the faid oaths or aflurance, or rcceivlhgfhe facrament, or making or fubferibing the faid declaration refpeift-iyely, according to the above mentioned adls, or any of fhem, Pcrfons quaii- or any other ad or ads, is and.are, and shall be, fully and ac-fying them-, tually reeapacitated and reftored to the fame (late and condition the?imettrcca as ^ch Perf°n or pcrfons were before fuch negled or omif-pacitated and fion, and shall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified indemnified, him, her or themfelves, according to the above mentioned ad|s, and every of them; and that all a<3s done or to be done by any filch perion or persons, or by authority derived from him or them, are and shall be of the fame force and validity as the fame, or any of them would have been if fuch person or persons had taken the faid oaths or aflurance, and received the facrament of the Lord’s fupper, and made and fubferibed the faid declaration re-

*	fpedtively,	according	to	the	direction of the faid a<5ls, and every

6f them; and that fuch person or persons qualifying themfelves^ ip manner and within the time appointed by this adf, fhafthe, to all intents and purpofes, as effectual as if fuch person or persons had refpettively taken the faid oaths and aflurance, and re-

•	ccived	the facrament, and made and fubferibed the faid declara?

tiqn, within the time and in the manner appointed by thejevc-ral acts before mentioned.

II. And whereas admiffions of several members and officers snip cities, corporations and borough towns, which by several afis of parliament are iircQed #nd required to be Ramped, may not have been provided } or the fame not duly flumped, or may have been loft or miftaid: Further time be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That for the allowed for relief of fuch persons whofe admiffions may not have been pro-Maunpimf ad*.	or not duly ftamped as aforefaid, or where the fame, have

mifiioos into been loft or, miflaid, it shall and maybe lawful to and For fuch corporation*, persons, on or before the twenty eighth day of November one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix, to provide, or caufe to be provided, admiffions duly ftathped ; and fuch persons fo providing admiffions duly damped as aforefaid, are and shall be hereby confirmed ana qualified to a<d as member or members^ office or officers, of fuch cities, corporations, and borough towns refpedively, to all intents and purpofes, apd .(ball and may hold, enjoy and execute the fame, or any other office or Offices into which he or they have or hath been elefted, notwithftgnd-ing his or their omiflion, or the omiflion of any of their jiredo-ceffprs, in fuch cities, corporations or borough towns as afore- | I.	faid.

175^*1 ‘ Anno vicefirtio nono Georgii II. c. 32.

laid, and IbalJ be indemnified and difcharged of and from all .incapacities, difabilitics, forfeitures, penalties and damages, by ; reafon of any jfuch om’iffion; and none of his or their afts (haf| lh*e gueftioned or avoided for or by reafon of the fame. .

T III. Proyided always, and be it further enafted by the autho- officer figni-; rity aforefaid, That when and as often as any member or mem- fyinghis defire ’ bers, officer or officers of any city, corporation or borough to have his ad-’ tbwn,; (hill defire to have his Or their fefpeftive admiffions he- ^^nc^enew* newed of confirmed in manner aforefaid, the mayor, or other firmed!011*

1 chief toagiftraje of fuch city, corporation or borough town,

, fhatl, aqd he is hereby required, in every fuch cafe, upon notice

•	given,to nijn by any one or more member or members of fqch , refpeftive city, corporation cr borough town, to fummon a hall,

1 common council, or other proper pubtick meeting, 'within fix a days after fuch notice given to him, for the purpofc of admit- ^mni^eSl t tine or granting copies, and confirming the admiffions of fuch	♦

•	perTpn or persons as aforefaid,	.	-	^

■	IV., And whereas Avers perfonj, through mifiale7 ahfence,	or feme

4 unavoidable accident, to tie prejudice of infants and others, have omitted to caufe affidavits to be made and filed in the proper offices, of < the atfual execution of several contracts in writing to ferve as clerks 1 to attornies and folicitorsy within the time limited and exptejjed by ,

! an aft ppffied in the twenty fecondyear of his present Majejlys reign+

1 zuberebjt many persons may be in danger of incurring the difabilities in 1 the [aid aft, mentioned; be it enabled by the authority aforefaid* Further time 1 That all land every person and persons who have omitted to flowed for | caufe fuch affidavits to be made and filed as aforefaid, and who ^d^fine^f-fhalt on or before the twenty fourth day of June one thousand fidavits or the 1 feven hpndred and fifty fix, caufe one or more affidavit or affi- execution of j davits tp be made and filed in fuch manner as directed by the faid contrafts to ’ a ft, shall be, and are hereby indemnified, freed and ducharged^Perfons therefrom and againft all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities and dif- upon recapa-abilities in the faid aft mentioned, incurred, or to be incurred, citated and in-for or by reafon of any negleft or omiffion in caufing fuch affi- demaified. davit or affidavits to be made and filed according to the direction of the faid aft ; and fuch affidavit or affidavits fo to be made and filed as aforefaid, (halj be as effeftual to all inteots'and pur-	I

pofes as if the fame had been.made and filed within the time limited by the faid aft.	.	v	'

V., Provided always, That this aft, or any thing herein con- offices. See. tamed, shall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to reftore already avdid-or intitle any person or persons to any office or employment, ^ ^ benefice, matter or thing whatever, already aftually avoided, fi|fcdupl ex-by judgment of any of his Majesty’s courts of record, or al* ceyud. ready filled up or enjoyed by any other person but fuch office, employment, benefice, matter or thing fo avoided, or filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the person or per-f fons who is or are now Intitlqd to the fame, as if this aft had never been made, .	,	,

' r ■ % ' ,

CAP.



Ann6 vicesimo nono GeOKOIi1 IT C.	f$6.

........ •	■	.	) lO I'! .-TO?

CAP. XXXIII.	.	-	,

• " Afl aft to render more effectual an aft gaffed in tbfi

t year of the reign of bis late nifljrfly Ktng George^ tofri-vent unlawful combinations of workmen emptytfilP. jbe j woollen manufactures, and for better payment af their wages \ and alfo an aft puffed in the thirteenth year < cf the j reign of bis faid late Majefiy,f&r the better regulation aftbe woollen mamfafture, and for preventing dijputds \among the persons concerned tebrein % and for limiting a kirfpt for projecting for (be forfeiture appointed by theafarejfUrf aft^ in cafe of the payment of the workmens wages in any other manner than in money,

~ , \Xr^ERE AS by an aft pajfed in the twelfth year dfthe •34* VV of his Sate majefiy King George, intituled, Art to prevent Unlawful combinations of workmen employed jo the woollen manufactures, and for the better payment ot ‘ tteir wages, it is enafted, That if any clothier, ferge-maier, w oollen or worfled fluff-maker, or perfm concerned in making any Woollen clothes, Jerges or fluffs, or any ways concerned in employing wool* combers, weavers, or other labourers in the manufactures, /ha il pay any person or persons employed by them their usages, or other price ~',r" ' agreed on, or any part thereof either in goods or by way of trnrfy or in any other manner than in money, every person fo offending jbdft forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds: and whereas several project-iions have been carried on againfi offenders for offences committed in breach of the f aid aft, in manner therein preferibed, but the triads thereupon have been removed by Certiorari into fome or one of bis Majejtys courts rf record at Weftminfter, and fuch profecutions have been dr opt upon account of the expence of carrying them on : and whereas by an aft paffei in the thirteenth year of the reign of his fend t|Geo.v.c.*3. late Majefly, intituled, An ail for the better regulation of the woollen manufaftures, and for preventing difputes among die persons concerned therein ; and tor limiting a time for profecut-ing for the forfeitures appointed by an ad of the twelfth year of i f	his	faid late Majesty’s reign, in cafe of the payment of the

workmens wages in any other manner than in money, ft is en-afted, That every maker of mixed\ medley or white broad \cloth /had fatisfy and pay the weaver or weavers employed by fuch maker in or about the weaving the fame, according to the member of yards that the faid chains arc laid on the warping bars, and not other wife, on pain of forfeiting and Paying for every offence, contrary to the true meaning thereof, the sum of five pounds: and whereas by reafon rf the1 finallncfs of the faid penalties, and the exptnfive manner of recovering thereof, and the' want of proper powers to regulate tit wages to be paid to weavers, the good purposes intended by the fid , , , , . esfts have been no ways anfwered: for remedy whereof, may it pleafe your M^jefty, that it^may be enaCted, and be it, enacted by the Ring’s molt excellent majefty, by and With the advice ♦ v.\ “	and



x 7.5$'Jj	Annq yicefio*) noi# GkoRGII II.c,3 $*, r /	47^

and Content of the lords fpintual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament hfleihMed,: ahd by the authority of the

ftw aQd after the twenty fQurth-d^yof Ju?u Juftkcs at the tnotifa^aleven hundred £nd fifty fix, it shall be lawful for the jujJiTdeS bft ih£ peace afiembled at any of their general or quar- J^^eiitwof 1 te^feffiohs beld nekt after Michaelmas yearly, to make rates for labour pearly* thepaytnefttof wiges'to waters and others employed in the t wxtoften m^ufaChircs, according to the number of yards that , the ,chajns are laid upon the warping bars, and not otherwife, which rates shall continue for one year from the making there-1 of ; and Lthe faid judices shall yearly, in their faid general or 1 quarter fefllons, either continue fuch rates for another year, of 1 alter them in Tuch manner as they shall think fit; always ob-! ferving the directions of the faid aft for that purpofra* aforefatd; and if any maker of mixed, medley or white broad cloth flitll jvfafter not not pay to the weaver or weavers employed by fuch maker, ac- conforming* cording to fuch rates, every person fo offending shall forfeit and forfeits 5L pay tl>e fum of five pounds.

II.	'Provided always. That fuch judices shall yearly order and Rates to be *&> -• direct that the rates fo made (hall, within twenty days after fated upon the making thereof, be fixed upon all the church doors and chapel ^urc*1 doorV doors within their refpedtive jurifdiCiions, by the high conftables,

petty Conftables or other peace officers in manner as the faid jo- -dices shall think fit.

III.	And be it further enafted. That If any clothier, ferge- Matters pay-maker, woollen or worded duff-maker, worded or woollenwork^11 yarn docking-maker,i or person concerned in making any

woollen clothes, ferges, duffs, worded or woollen, yam dock- ^ money,tarings, or any other person any ways concerned for himfelf or an- feit*oi. other in employing weavers, combers of jerfey or wool, worded combers, fpinners, ‘knitters, or other labourers in the woollen^ iqanufa&ures, shall pay or caufe to be paid to any period or persons employed by him or them, his or their wages, or other price agreed on, or any part thereof, either in gpods or by way	r	^,

of truck, bill or pote, or in any other manner than in money*, every person fo offending shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds.

IV.	And be it further enafled. That the refpe&ive penalties Penalties and and forfeitures incurred and madp payable by this adt, may be forfeiture*, recovered by aCtion of debt by any perfqft who shall fue for the

fame, or may be levied upon conviction before any two ®r	~

more judices of the peace for the county or place where the offence is committed, either by the confefiion of the party or parties, or upon the oath of one or more witnefs or witnefles, in cafe the fame be not paid within fourteen days after fuch conviction, by diftrefs and fale of the gdods of the offender or offenders, by warrant under the hands and feals of fuch judices,

(yfrhich warrant or warrants fuch judices are hereby authorized to' grant, and to adminifter fuch oath or oaths) returning the overplus, if any be, after all charges paid; and for want of faf- Jifo^soffeifd fideW; diftfcfs, the (aid judices fliall commit the offender or of- tr tobecom^

^ jA J -	<	‘	*.......fenders mined.

bi.t





S'

Anno v^eefimo i^onoGEoRGuII.c^^

fenders to the houfe of corre&ionlor any time not exCeccftdg three months, or until	be made by the parties

offending.	'	* *' J

Application of V. Provided Idways, That if any (>£ the pea4kiet\ahdc/a^K penalties upon feitures aforefaid be levied upon ooc^J^^oua	of*

^ $he peace, one moiety thereof shall be paid to^hc.rot^pf the a-™ **,u* pariCh where the offence was committed, :an<f && mrfer main/ to the informer.	’’ / ;TT f ..

None may be VI. Provided also, That in cafe any adipn fuedboth ways brought againft any person for any of the^ ‘penalt%s'5i91fcrite^: ^cnce. mC tures af°relaid, fuch person shall not be Habit; to

before the juftices of the peace for the fame otfehce^ fuch penalties and forfeitures shall be incurred and ble; nor in cafe of information laid before thej^ftfceslu55a con* vi&ion thereon, shall the person offending be Ifrab'leTOjfi.SSfiSf of debt for the penalties and forfeitures incurred^ arffl nfcd^jri!>m able by the fame offence, for which fuch person hltn vidted before the juftices.	'	,	rrt	iu

VII. Provided always, and be it further enadtedj Tfratt'flfialf grieved bfor. la^ul for any person or perfpns, %vho fl^alj t der of juftices themfelves aggrieved by any. order of futh juftices, to smprato may appeal to the next general or quarter feftions to be holden foi^iooOTrf* next quarter- divifion or riding, where fuch order shall be made;	^

ing into recoe- or Per^ons	appealing, having firft entered into a rtrcofe

, knd with fufficient iecurity before fuch juftices, to profecur^^1

mg into nizance.

giving eight by the order or orders that shall be made on fuch appea day* notice.	*-*—	J	 ?	*-----*-•	-	-r r-’-----------



Order of justice* to be

giving eight days notice in writing of fuch appeal tdtfie

or parties in wnofe favour fuch order hath been made^Sfl

juftices in their general or quarter feftions are hereby Sn

and required to hear and determine the matter of'fdtf

and to make fuch order, and to award fuch cofts anffc

as to them in’their difcrction shall Teem reafonable/^d.lS^

by their order or warrants fuch cofts and damages Yci'Wvfhfid

by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels df ahy7($?H8ii

perfons who shall refufe to pay the fame; and for waht

cient diftrefs, to commit the party or parties to the

of the faid county, divifion or riding for any time not excecdpif

three months, or until fatisfa<ftiop shall be made

parties offending; and fuch awafd or order ofthfedyjrf Kiftictrr

at their general or quarter feftions shall be final; aVrd tio jMV:;

epedings of any fuchjuftice or juftices out of feftions,’jo,?‘Sytfit

juftices in their faid general or quarter feftions, in

this atft, shall be liable to be removed by Certiorari ^6t^rf6Wt

or procefs of law ; any tiling in this a<5t or in

adls contained to the contrary notwithftanding!“ lOrtn^ihtr.

i.iu»i«uu..u. VU1. Provided always, That all profecutioris^fSr

piofctution*. gainft this adl /hall be commenced within three

terthcpffence committed, and not afterwards. °r* r fj*“ 7

m	3	-

noiwj +ni '’

:	'.'l.nOs'Xl	Ol SltOJD-V.

* ,r •i :	Uiil i ,:j: &

-	.lxx.iiV

Proceedings not'to be re-moved by Certiorari.

Limitation of





Anno viccfimo nono Georgii IT. C. 34.	4ft

CAP. XXXIV.

An aMftr the encottragemtnt of feamen, and the more jpte-rfy	effe&ua7 manning his Majeftfs navy%

WHE REAS unwarrantable hojfilities begun by the French, have necejfarily engaged his Majejly in aftual war with the Fjr^ttc& Xwg in defence of his fubjetts, and the rights and pojjejfions of his crown: and whereas his Majejly has been pleafed to notify the jqme by proclamation, and a publicity declaration thereof on the feven-teeuth day of May in the year of our Lord one thousand fven hundred and fifty fix: now for the better carrying on the faid war with vigour, and for the encouragement of the officers and parpen of his Majesty’s (hips of Vvar, and the officers and feamen of all other Britijh (hips and veflels, having commiflions and letters of marque, and for inducing all Britijh feamen, who may be in any foreign fervice, to return into this kingdom, and become fenrkcable to his Majefty; and for the more effectual lecuring and extending the trade of his Majesty’s fiibjedts \ be if enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with th$ advice and consent of the lords fpirituai and temporal and cbtnmons in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the flag officers, commanders and ■other officers, feamen, marines and foldiers, on board every fhip and veflel of war in his Majesty’s pay, shall have the foie Prizes made interest and property of and in all and every (hip, veflel, goods ^ to ahd merchandizes, which they shall take, from and after the between feventeenth day of May in the year of our Lord one thousand the captor*, feven hundred and fifty fix, during the continuance of this war ajgainft France (being nrft adjudged lawful prize in any of his Majesty’s courts of admiralty in Great Britain, or in his Ma- # jefty’s plantations in America, or elfewhere) to be divided in *n the proportion proportions, and after fuch manner, as his Majesty,	!

heirs and fucceflors, shall think fit to order and diredt by pro-Jer by procia-damation or proclamations hereafter to be ifliied for thofc pur- mation. poles,

' IL And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid, That Admiralty to the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commiffioner9 for	com mi f-

executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain for[^ ^hey^ the time being, or any three or more of them, or any person or «xmag the persons by him or them impowered and appointed, shall at the ufual iecurity. requeft 01 any owner or owners of any (hip or veflel, giving fuch hail and fecurity as have been ufually taken upon granting com-	*

miffion9, or letters of marque (except only for the payment of the tenths of the value of prizes which shall be taken, to the lord high admiral, or commiflioners for executing the office	j

of lord hfgh admiral for fhe time being) caufe to be ifibed forth in the ufual manner, one Or more commiffion or commiffions to any person or persons, whom fuch owner or owners shall nominate to be commander, or in cafe of death, fucceflively,	'

cepfmfrnder* of fuch (hip or veflel, for the attacking, furprizing,

Vol. XXL	I	i	Seizing

 



prise* to be divided according to contract between owners and captors.

■'tp

.***9	wtofr.SnJtfc

fciaviog and taking by and with fqeh ffiip or yeflcl^i7or.jvitii the Crew thereof any place or fortrefs Upon the land, of.anylhip or veflel, goods, ammunition, arms, ftores of war o^m^efean-"dize, belonging to, or poflefled by* ^ny of bis	demies, in any fea, creek, haven or river;	rf

J(hips, veffel or veflels, arms, ammunition, ftores o*—-* ana merchandizes wbatfoever* .with all their fqrT_T;i?_ ^ or apparel fo to be taken by or with iuch prirot^pm^J^ ers (nip or veflel, according to fuch pommiffion aha coiftg^|^Q& (being firft adjudged lawful prize, ip any of h|$ of admiralty as aforefajd) shall wholly and' entirel and be divided between and among the owner Vnc fuch (hip or veflel, and the feyeral persons board the fame, and be aiding and gifting tq the ^-of, in fuch (hares and proportions as shall be aer^eJ^d] owner or owners of fuch (hip or veflel as (haul, tie | thereof, their agents or factors, as the proper good v tels of fuch owner or owners, and the per(oi>s that entitled thereto, by virtue of fuch agreements amopg ^ and that neither his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, $r,f miral, yice admiral, governor, or other oned by or claiming under his Majesty, his ceffors, or any person or persons whatfoever other thah m^<pWP or owners of fuch (hip or veflel, being the captp/.oF^lf fhip or veflel, arms, ammunition, ftores of war, gopdsa^, chandizes, and the persons claiming under him bf tMfp be entitled to any part or (hare thereof (except as to,

:	and duties hereafter mentioned) any c.Mflpm,

law, to the contrary notwithftandiqg.

III.	And for the more fpeedy proceeding tp or other determination, of any prize, (hip oryejfjM,

* merchandizes, - already taken, or hereafter to be^tar * faid, aod for leflening of the jexpences that b&e I the like cafes, be it Further enabled by the au#}6ri^

'J'hat the judge or judges of fuch court of adowriltyJ ryC£3^1 rratir Perf°n or penons thereto authorized, shall within on, with re- five days after r,equeft to him ,of them for tbfct fpe6t to cftp- Jinifti the ufual preparatory examination pf

monly examined in fuch cafes, in order to proye be lawful prize, or to enquire whether the fatpeU Motti&an to or not ; and that the proper, monitfoft ufual ip /qjb btiftaed and be iffued by the person or persons proper tp * eaecmecl^ 0\all be executed in thermal manner by th^perli after.	proper	to execute the fame, within the fpace u

if na claim he requeft in that behalf made; and in cafe no cJalWo made within a ture, (hip, veflel or goods, shall be duly hiiupti time, ufual form, and attefted upon path* giving twem ■	-	after	the	execution of fuch monition; or

or ftettrity gi-and the claimant or claimants (baU pot wi^ii>^ytemi ven by the ficicnt fecurity (to be approved of by	*

®Waum' to pay double coda IQ th$

i i I

I m





Aiind vteefiiSd 'h&hb GEbltdftW C.34.	^tj

^bv!	the fathd Vt^cfyimdJ (half bcadjac^edl^Wftti

(he judgfc or fudges of fudi coo,rt oradijiifaity iHaly/^ppr producing to hfnj V (hem the faid examinations^ Wb cbpi^s thereof,Vaod upprtj5rx>qucing to him or them upon oatlr,

>ir*pa^rs and writings Wnipli shall have beenfound, taken itror.

"'vyjttv fcdy capture; or upon oath made that no fuch. papers or

>ere found 5 imitf^iatdy, and without further delay, the judge to prpfccW to fentence, either to,difcharge and acquit fuch capture, proceed to pnto adjudge and condemn (he fame as lawful prize, according lcatence*> > "as the; cftf<p shall appear (o Kim or them, upon perufal of fucn ^preparatory examinations, and a!fo of the other laft-mentioned papers *ar>d writings found, taken in or with fuch capture, if any filch jftpers or writings shall be found 5 and in cafe fuch claim Ifclaira been-fhalf be duly entered or made, and fecurity given thereupon, tered, audic-

*	according to the tenor and true meaning of this ad, and there

fhall appear no occafion to examine any witnefles, other than be nw^Xtcr-| w|tat fhjillbe then near to fuch court of admiralty, that then fuch mination to be ! jddgq or jbdges shall forthwith caufe fuch witnefles to be exa- made witlua 1; rtingq within the fpace of ten days after (uch claim made and teft days.

» fccarify given, and proceed to fuch fentence as aforefaid, (oucb-1 i^ilich capture; but in cafe , upon making or entering fuch f craim^ apd the allegation and oath thereupon, or the producing 7Tuch papersor writings as shall have been found pr taken in 6r if the legality i \vlth, fuch,capture, or upon the faid preparatory Examinations, of the capture

*	{hall appear doubtful to the judge or judges of fuch court of appear doubt-: atftafralty, whether fuch capture be lawful prize or not, and it permit

if^il appear neceflary, according to the circumflances of the cafe, m litigating, fbrHtHe clearing and determining fuch doubt, to have an examination. upon pleadings given in by the parties, and admitted by ' the Jtmge, of witnefles that are remote from fuch court of ad-I 4 itatfafty* and fuch examination shall be'defired, and that it b« iljlf ^nfifted on, on behalf of the captors, that the faid capture is i ;	prize,	and	the	contrary	be (till perfifted in on the claim-

belief; that then the faid judge or judges shall forthwith Judg* to «wwkr 1 baufe/uCl\ Capture tOrbe appraifed by persons to be named by ibe capture jo 1 the tarries, and appointed by the court, and fworn truly to ap- ** appraifed*

J>rifre the fame according to the beft Of their (kill and knowledge;

which p^rpofe, the laid judge or judges shall caufe the goods \ * ’

fqUf0 On board, to be unladen, and an inventory thereof beirig and the,&¥$•

:&ft takeflby the marfhal of the admiralty or hi$ deputy, shall ^

; caOfe: th$*ri to be put into proper warehoufes, with feparatelocks

of the cofleAot and comptroller of the curtoms $ and where there anci ltt uw<n-

* is nbcdmptrolfer, of the naval oHicer; and the agents or pef-.tory^akcn^

^ifons e^oyed by the CaptOrs and claimants, at the charge of

(he pWy or parties defiring the fame; and shall after fuch ap- • t

praifeme^t made, and within the lbaCe of fourteen'days after the errd updti (K ^	I	...J	cUrtty;foV t\m

making fuch daim, prOCeed^to take good andTuffici^nr %u- taken of





S

and for cods i of the captors,

to make, order fof: releafe of the capture to claimant.

Claimant refuting, and capturegiving fuch fecurity.

Judge to make order for delivery of prize to captor,

Capturesmade in America,to he under the joint ca^e of the officers, of the customs and captors, kill concern-^ied or acquitted there*

Upon condemnation,

f>rize to be delivered to the captors.

Judge or other officer in America, guilty of neglect or delay*

forfeits 50& 1. witji cofts.

Anno vittHrtoo nono 6i50KOx£lIv'O;gi^ £-£756*

snirt shall think proper, in cafe TdeH fhip shall ttoetbsfboVMfem-ned W lawful prize; and after fadh fecurities dtriy	;

faid judge or judges (halt make wiimerlocutofry orddr for re-leafihg or delivering'the feme tofrich claimant or dlnifnatiis* or; his or their agents; and the fame thalt be adtualty tteieifed oi delivered accordingly.	‘	dju ?o tisjrfir* h

IV.	And it is hereby further etwdted by> the authority'tribre-)

faid, That if any claimant or dlaimanes (haH refofe to ^Ut<b4ueh fecurity, the judge or judges shall ctfwfc she capttor or^c&ptotfs m like manner to give good and fufftoient fecurity, tob* ^proved of by the claimant or claimants* topay the	or

claimants the full value thereof* aceofdiftg to the'appr^lfettetir, in cafe any fuch capture or captures shall be adjudged^ficte td be lawful prize; and the faid judge of judges fhallthereupotipro-ceed to make an interlocutory otxkf for the reteafihg^ri&&K-vering the fame to the (aid captor or captors, or thei?amenta;

V.	And it is further enafted by the authority ifwelfeic^^l^fet all fuch captures as aforefaid, which shall be bi^uglirfli^R>b^y of his Majesty’s colonies or plantations in dmerka^l(hiA}f*itidi-out breaking bulk, (lay there, and be under the jowinedfle and cuftody of the collcdlor and comptroller of thecudonis* cor where there is no comptroller, of the naval officers of thepodt dripfecc Where the fame shall be brought, and all the capts*^ thereof, and their agents ; fubje6l to the dire&ions of the >dfo admiralty, until cither the fame shall by final fentence teapve been either cleared and difeharged, or adjudged and condemned?* lawful prize; or that fuch interlocutory order as aforefeik^A&ll have been made for the releafing or delivering of the‘feme ^ && upon the condemnation or adjudication thereof as

(hall in cafe the fame were taken by any iudi private (hips, commiffioned as aforefaid, be immediately delivered unto the captors thereof, and their agents, to be by themidifptafcd bf as their goods arid chattels; arid in cafe the fame werd tataeri by any of his Majesty’s (hips of war, unto fuch perfohorJpeWbri^ arid fo be fo divided and difpofed of* as his Majeftyy 'his^hCifr arid fucceffors, by proclamation or proclamations hereafter rd-be iflued for thofe purpofes, order and direlt. T ^ 1,1 'nil -*

VI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefii^ Thsf if any judge or judges, or other officer or officers, irii&WV oMwt Majefty's plantations or dominions abroad, to whdm^«rfpe^e-ly it shall appertain, shall delay the doing, performing,*ti^aflrin§ or pronouncing any of the several proceedings matters or it hi rig*, for, towards or relating to condemning or difchaigingv^ldafing or delivering of any fuch capture in mariner aforefeid, t^fhmlhe refpe<5live times herein before limited, or as foon arsthu^feme^er any of them, ought to be done, according to the tenor trte meaning of this a<5l, all and every fuch judge andrjudges, tfrf other officer and officers, shall for every fuch offence^ forfeit &e fum of five'hundred pounds; Ofte moiety thereof*

jefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, the; other moietynthereof*" With full coftyof fult, to fuch person dr peifonsf Wfcaflidtf infertile*

;.ud:	r,	..	crrfci

 	'

r75^*l ^novittfiraftinono Georcii II. c» 34?	*$5

luftfofothfrtfame, inapy of the courts in or for.:any,of,hisiMa-	1	-1

jefty’srfaid colonies or plarttation&,or ip anyofbis Majesty’s ......... 10

courts afcsecordwithin his kingdom of Great Britain.

•o ViL;(And it. ishereby furtherenabled by the-authority afore* Fees of court, fw<i* ;iTjbatthere shall iiot be paid unto or-among all the judges °n condehjn'a-and officers of fuch court of admiralty in any of his Majesty’s [^America*}* plants bohsor dominions, .abeaad, for, towards or relating to	.

thfiradjudging; or, condeoaoing of fuch capture as aforefaid,. as * lawful prize, above the fern of ten pounds, in cafe fuch prize, fhip'Or weffitl,' be under the-bur then of one hundred tons; nor above thtfuitaof fifteen pounds, in cafe the fame be of that or *jor veffel4 un* any. greater burthen; and. that upon payment of either of the , *7. ’foral?** &id>rofptdtivei{urasy as the cafefhall require, to the faid judge above, iSl. , or judges, j©r:any of them, to be by him or them difpoled or divided,[4s he.of they,(hall think fit, among the officers of fuch Uponpayment court,1 fuch judges atad officers, and every of them, fhail be li- ot the fret, aWei tp, all and every the several penalties hereby impofed, for liable t*" •' oqglttftibg dt delaying to do and perform their several and re- the above pc-foe»fWve dupes or offices in and relating to the several proceed-nahies for ne-iogs .aforefaid, within the refpedlive times herein for that pur- g'*ct or delay pole bruited,	•	of duty.

VIU. 'Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby further enadled judgment of by thfl authority aforefaid, That if any captor or captors, claim- the court may ant orclaimants, shall not reft fadsfied with.the fentence giyen *?« appealed . in fuch -coutt of admiralty in any of his Msjefty’s plantations or om‘ domuafons abroad, it shall and may be lawful for the party or parties thereby aggrieved to appeal from the faid court of admiralty, io;the commissioners appointed, or.to be appointed, under the great feal of Great Britain, for receiving, hearing and detccrtiisiog appeals in caufes of prizes, fuch appeal to be allow-ed in the like: manner as appeals to fuch commissioners are now allowedifrom the court of admiralty within this.kingdom; fo as tfte fetbe be made within .fourteen days after fentence, and good focueitybe. like wife givenfay the appellant or appellants, that he ^ days "after orrthey wlll effectually profecute fuch appeal, and anfwer the fentence, and condemnation, and. alfo pay .treble colls, as shall be awarded, in fecurity to be cafe the fentence of fuch court of admiralty be affirmed ; any fecute^he*0" thing in thisid before contained to the contrary hereof in any wtfe.norwithftanding.	*

- )IX. JRravided always. That the execution, of any fentence fo appealed from; as-aforefaid, (hiall not be fufpended by reafon of fuch appeal, in cafe the psrty or parties appellate shall give fuf-ficieMt Jocprky, to be approved of by. the court in which fuch (F'xfc"^on fentence’foajl be given, to reftote the (hip, veil'd, goods or ef- t^befufpend-concerning which fuel) fentence shall be .pronounced, or-ed, if the ap-tjfeifolli ysdue thereof, to the appellant or appellants, in cafe the pedate give fe-fenfeqcS'fo appealed from (ball be reverfed.	cunty.

1 And bfcit ena&ed.Thatin cafe any perfon, who was not person wj,0 a pw*y ihitbeiifirft.lnflancetof the caufe, shall inteipofe and ap- was not anarff p^l-fromftifenteaeergivenin any admiralty Court, fuch perfon.nv in the firft <?t)l»»k0r::h6r agfifit (haJI, >at-the fame time, enter his or hertinlla"c-*^l,!'r* <4«n> otherwise fuch appeal (hail he null and void.	peu'^s	to en

I i 3	XI • ter his claim

 

Anno tkcfknaAodtrj63RmaiHiy ocg.£

Captorsbretk-. XI.. And betttfi|rtherieaa<9Bd:b£>rire srhHuntyiaforfetofo^iltat iug bulk, or if. my.commander ior commander^ lofitctomloffiltertyifeaiAgwl mrttne*/ fold tecs .or others. (halXtareaft bulkpanirbOtrdp cmimp-p£ the JrKjriey* jdwobyl place, goods, itnproh nrt di rW% Jue.	tsckjo, furnhure er appkrdcf >ot>ibdangitig> itQifadt prig®**

<pr*ms to taken, futbtcmrainjdcr, officer ;f«iman* TnarsOeyfais •dier.or other;,; {halt forfeit trebletheuvohroof a&foob mbneyt, jcwels,plate,:goods* mefoharfoneytackieyiiitnitiwept bpfasu^ _	as be or they (ball imbesii; oneithkxkpatt thereof) to (be sd dtc

Greenwich0 u^c	oiGntmiehMafpitah, and tbefOtbentwa<tbir<fcpaitrrthtmnrf

Hofpital, and to him or them that wilt foe for the feme fey auftfoaicfi bkhci, the other two plaint orinformation in any CDHt*x>f .reared, anoGtrmfcBefmw; to the profe- ,jn whichno «ffian* protection or waget of fowy arf ihodt yfcu cutor-	one imparlance shall be allowed.	.	t ro gmlulor hi

Appraife- XII. And be it further enadted by the authority afoeefidd> nntsraiul- That alt appraifements and (aka of any foip oedmpsxfigWHtr, taken byr't^e wares Ormerohandizes, as (hall. be taken bynOycf 1o».Ma-King's (hips, jefty’* foips of war, shall be made 'by agents or porforia ttutai-tobe mtde by hated and appdinted in equal numbers bythefbupofScees or flag ^dgwttsfar officer, captainsor captain, officers or officer, Siipsi^ofo^tfoiet ryu*** **, or ^'P’s company, and others intitled thereunto (thfo'iurto'foy)

, ^	That if the flag officers or flagofficer of any -fleet-0ft4qtiatHt>dlof

Regulations ^ (hips as shall take anyfuch prize or prizes (or the mtiorwy«f agents”1115'	^*8 officers* if more than ode) Avail rwminmeaifowppDsnt

b ' oneor moreperfonnr persons, agent or agcntstofolkoraaprkifc the fame as a/ordaid, then the captains and eofomdriwrm'w captain and commander intitled thereunto, or thf tm^oritytwf "/	11 ' them, -if more than one, Audi nominate atid dppdMKthe

7r 7	Hke . number. of persons or agents to m<5t forthoot^ and HI

' /' 7	the other officers under the degree of a captrinondcoatmafedtr

-M: :	Entitled .thereto, or the major part of them, ihsH alfenronflaufe

' soduppoimthe like numberorperfons tor agents toaft fbvatwai;

-and att.th*.crewa of iheftveral (hips companies -bf-ttodleorkr ' Squadron, or (hip’s company and others intitled thereeo^ifefqbe '7 ; f V major, part of them, shall libewifo nomsaate and appointiabe 77.,	. feme nuinber of persons or agents tb odt on theirbetadfiinlfnih

. .7'	appraifntent or fak*.	d	ton	llcrft

Kot u>extend XIII. Provided, Tbatnothing herein ctmteinedi Aatbextcriti, tu privates*. or.b« conftrued to alter or make void any. agreementstgrerfaefe-ments made or to be made in writing between the Wtsqipifii-Cars and framenof any private (hips or vefleU cfvtftr. 11V X ■ Agents to ex-	XiV. And be it furtberena&ed by the authority KfarefeW,

litbk e«d ft - Xhat ail and every person or persons who shall be fb nomhnBtd fttttrs'of ae- ^ appwntedagsnt or agents as aforefaid for any peizeoepumes tomey*in* lie taken by any (hip or (hips, veffei or veffids of War, on by my court where ■ merchant, (hip or (hips employed in his M^eflyttfifchri<fe}aor the prize (Hall having letters of marque, or-for receiving- riwMwuntylforeiD be condem- aper grantfed, and w-hicto proe or priees foall boeotfefotnrtcdan ™	the high court of admiralty rn ■Orsit firitoh}, art <n'attV	utfca

courts (rfadmir^y in any of his^ MqeftylrpIdmdtieUfm^fot/-riia^ ta.many other his Majdftyfs rtotTiinidnj*',06 elfoMfNfoe, , 7 , where, the feid friac and p»bK,< hQ4 t'Vfryiof-'4lWb»i

. i	condem-





*75&1	c. 34,	4^.7

notidfofoi^idl^mhi^	in the fuid

bt^-can^ ^admnrityHin SrmtBrrtmn? ^orrifanihc nefpe&ive QMrtD of ladomahy rm Akaeatkai otMnaby oiberihis Majefty*$ riMOinH^orelfowhe^ wfiarcthe foMpozedncl prizes, and crexyuf thant shall be cotuienwed, his or thcir reipcctive let*-tor knar* ofattonieya^	or	tfadovagent	or agents

forth© purpafc flfonefcud'yl&od:t£ anyperfaaor. persons fo ap-pomtqd 3g^oriageqtlTOufom£nd, (haH refufoor negledt fo to *k» for sthefpaee- of fcxjeakihdarmonthi next after fentence of cxMukmmtfotfe of any pviob ftndi be given irtthefa high court Artgdiforaby in Great Britain} or in America> orwther his Ma-jafty V<dc*nink)«&, ’for the orroarui diftributtan of which he or (ttody foakh^appeintedagenttor agents, fochperfen or persons fo refufing or neglefting frail forfeit the sum of five hundred ifxMtada* tp taheoovened by him or them who shall fue for the Am* hy oflftonof <tebt* bill, plaint or information in any court ©f leortcfe in/Great Britain?, America or.ia any other of his Ma-jtfoyfc dominions, welfewhere; in winch noeflbin, protection jpti wager of kw, or more than oneimparlmoe fhal 1 be allowed. asinScYw' Provided 'always* Thar if any agent or agents frail be Agent ap-' appointed Piter the time any fentence or epodmnation in anv Pol^teti a*fer ioihthe fwdeourps of admiralty (hail be given* fuch agent ^^re^erhii ‘ Ogenttrlhall* under the aforefaid penalty, regrfter or caufe to be letted of at->rog«foerediin manner aforefaid, his cr their refpeftive imers 'Or ioriity in like ^tcr»ft^ attorney*	or them agent or agents as nunner-

tmfore&id within the fpaorof fix calendar months after the date wfohefeid tetter or letterrof Attorney.

Andrbe it further enaAed by the authority aferefeid, Agents togms

!<£?	W	***»	p’^	®IP$Z”»:	**	‘J311	*	rimeap^in*

?Vhhen^froai the encmy by any of his MajestyV traps of walr, cd for pay-

jpnMifffo notification dhall be ^nren by the persons or agents arp- ment of the

, pointed* Hrafoneftid, of the day appointed far the payment of(hare6*

?<tbe-JfcvciJaNhares to th© captors aforefaid ; afterwhich puWiek.

^tenfiettfoof if tny menrfrarfc? frill remain ip fhc hands of the Shares of run

perfons <or agents appointed as afordaid* either belonging to mc"» *nd fu£h

dfisth mbn' as (hail be ron ffoaa hi* Majefty** ftmrice* or whteh demanded *

(hall not be legally demanded within throe, years, then fueh within three

. tfbwcrjdrffhatet fo xemainiag in the persons or agents hands, or years, fo be

4whangin|^to»fochmen *s< frail run fromchisMajefts’S fervioe, p*,ltl0<?•ee,?-

dhaU-geamdbe paid tori tbe nfo*of Gromv'ub itBfpaah r W1C 10 plt

XVII.	Pi»vided’always and be it declared and enacted by Prize goods

?htfbmifoaf»ty irforefaidyThatwothing; hereto ebmaahed shall ex-n^t eaei»^«d

ivfmdfnon be* Confhuod Ao ^xtendtorexemptanv (hips, goods, **oia ^uvm*#

c'twtaepanoft oeerohandifee vataeadyr taken, and whicn (hail be taken

vrt* prints and brought or imported into this kingdom, or any 7

joofbisM^bfty’s pfentations in ^fiomrj, frdm the payment of any

/* mfljbmsior 'duties, or from being fabjedi to. fuch reitridions

inakdiiogtslatiofii ttrddiioh the fame nbw arc ©c shall hereafter be

/liabk j^virtueof the biws ami Aatutes of>this realm*

%^VXH/llkfiAnd	biy^the	authority,	afordaid^	That	Prize^(hips

(	foip^Porfreffek w^fc^ilhalbbt legally condemned^ ihull b^confidered^

'si# all iateiits tan^ purpofcsc ^vbatfoeyia* be cpnfidircd1 as Britijh a, BfiUfli built

Ii4	built	fliips.

 * ^ooQie

AnbaVi&fidteMtu^ GKmnflilivcKi^ [^^1

bifflt flii^dr vcffel jr- arid be deem fcd*riS tefcte	i	OmI

be thtjHed to-have and enjtty-iH Srtd eWf^thd /bffie^righnQ’&t

bfe¥i?ei,f 'privileged and

Wtft Brrtifl{birik Slips or veflih* arid Owl] ^fu^j^^rKtitatbk to all and^vetythe rules fendTOgutatittaatta*!^ t>rveffds sine’tobjedtsmcHUbtetoy*r kafagtt* the contrary thereof in any mifein6fcwifateto4h^ mul'j^iuncni it Car.*. CjS.	XKX. And whereas by a claufoiM bnraffef'pudimedipriBU in

C'i* ,	the twelfth year of tbe reign* ofKitig Charles ifoSftbndjijrmniM)

,	An adt tor the enOonraging anfd kioreftfag^f 4hlppHa^to^?nML

gation, it is 'enabled, TC>dt no gents *wcekmoditiep tfoabut^rumdb, production or manufacture of Mufcovy, or of anyibeWsMf**fy&-minions or territories to the greatduirortmpeeor'(fid(Auto&^ $r ’Rtiffia belonging; as alfo that nofohtsofmafts, timbormtpapdk^us foreign fait, pitchy tar, rtfen, hemp or Jknc\1 raifons^fogs^^pn^di, olive oils, no fort of com or grain, fagar, pot tfflesyWMeswriketa*, Or fpirits colled A^ua Vita or brahdy wine, JhouMf'ffantmddjbr the firftdrty of April which was in theyearif our LOmifotO\uUufittii ;	fix hundred andfixtyone, be imported into* EogktHd^oJndifkl,

Wate$, or town ^ Berwick upon Tweedy*# flip WOjflkpr, vejfel or vefiels wbatfo&ver, but in fitch us do truly atri^hkbmufontbi belong to the people thereof, or fomt of thm, as ebeOrueffluriMs void proprietors thereof, and whereof the mafier ami three* ffutuirof the mariners at leaftare Englifli 5 and that noturrantsjnofr&mosmb dities of the growth, product or manufacture of any < of obpmaktnin, iflhnds, dominions or territories to the Ohoman or jFunk%h*9Uipdfte belonging, fhculd, from and after. the firft defy ^Stpmhheritaifc* ivas in the year of ear Lord one thokfand fix hundnedwi fijbypm, *'	be imported into any of the forementioned places wauyftdfi onbefitl

but which is of Englifh built, and navigated as*of or foody Mod iuAu * ' '	other, except ordyfuth foreign flips and vefiels asarstfthuifaiieef

’itbat country or place of which the fasd goods ape tbigmbtifr$<pfiodtfr‘

> PHn-or manufacture reflectively, oroffitch fort Where the fonWjgoods 1 CdtPcftty be, or mdfl ufieally are firft flipped for eronflortotiotQsodd Where ofihe wafer andthree fourths of ^he^marm^rs^at^Ui^^gacof 'the fond country or plate. Under the penalty andforfeiture ^foflnpand goods :- andwhereas the fdlidg of Britifh bttih fltpi tofos4ig/smds r6 beneficial branch* of trade, and ought'therefore to be amrikagfli, and ft is:highly reafonabk that BtitUft flips forfold ^ Crbobogob/ properly■ of foreigners, florid enjoy the'fame prbiltgk^iu tbejaHtug-Joint, as if they were of the bUrh of the reffective ckuhtriesw Thf red ted places from whence futh flips do come y now,. be it fctoherp6Mti*l ciaufe not to by the authority aforef»idr Thatfr<mvahd after^l>e<^idiif«e»-pfohibit the teenrth day of May one thoufarid fe?<ert hpndtedtfnd’fifty rfiw^ jSrSifli *haiitn *nd during the prerent *ar withFttinee, and no> ktofgtviirimfoA Vflfitfi^ oftbe recited claSfc in thefald adt of the twelfth yea^tf ’tfie^e>gtfvef gMdrrdemi- King Charles the'Second fhallhbt extend et beec^iftinaieaiitqeM-yend to-hinder of prevent any petfon op pe^fone^wharfcavir thipt arertavi-importing into-the kingdom • of Great Britaik^or frelduj, ffnwda* hert- of tbe^g^tkls or metcharidisies tweritiohed and exprtffisdki iodifoaedi the^Wrt&il ciaufe, in Ihippihg-

6	the



*£5$] iV?n©vift&i®HW8&	'&34A

JtheJt ifl(w>4»io£K»*(«^ife» trtftrfffaww pfi 4<Hpini9h$^ni) mtrifows tthh'fcMajefty

pplfeffiw, fo as- the .^n«J jipjf Jtrfwlhsrief .tSti^iBafrjiwtf HtJeaftn belonging to apd mn j( foHbcfbip ot\ vwfelr tmsBrtiifis, <*r ;of,(hei fame, country $r

g?o)»t^ prpdu&pn^ manufactures r*^Ctfoflfy,/ppdil*>t pthcfjyife.

vi X^Frovidedalway$,,TbsMlgopdsand merchandizes.im-Good* jra, ptOxted.inta Gwot Britam <y Irjandy in (hips belonging to,, and	?r*'

Sjberip^ertyqi»£!1fore*g«ers»J1»ltbo)Ugh Britijh built, (half pay beingthe^ jdlifins,appall other duties,-in the fame manner, as if fuch (hips ptrty of fo- , -Stetje-dbotigo-hoilt* v -	feigners, to

vc iJCXioWnd as a -further enoouragement to the officers, fea- PaV alieni canfsb^vfhairineSy fqldkrs, and others, on board his Majeftyi sduty* ,fhips<pfr wfar,> as oJfp.of privateers, to. attack, take and deftroy,

.noy. fbtps of fprpe belonging to the enemy.} be it cna&ed by the Bounty mo--authoaityaioreCaid, That there,(hall be paid, by the treasurer of ney payable rJKtS 'Majeftyts navy, upon bills to be made, forthby the commif- to the captors ,6o»fer*i ofiithe naVy, to be paid according to the courfe thereof, ^e^fo/all .■without fee or reward, unto the officers, Teamen, marines, fol- men ©n board w&ttfytvjoftothers, that (ball have been actually on board any of the enemies dhis Mojcdy’s ihip or. fhips of .war, or privateer or privateers, in *h‘P* of war '.any aCbon where anyfhip orfhipsaf warqr privateers shall have ^"ei^)r ^e" taken, from the enemy, funk, burnt, or otherwife deftroy-^edj^haseibis JVlajefty’s declarationof war.againft Franct,dated vJfeoxfaid&Menteeathday «£ May one tboufana (even hundred and shftyffrt0*1&** .pounds for every man which was living on board .wiy thip or. (hips fo taken, funk, bnmt, or.otherwife deftroyed, intvtho beginning, of. the engagement between them} the num- Numbers tobe cheresflfueh-wn to be proved by the oathsof three or more,.of afcertained Vtheichief officers, or men, which were belonging to the laid (hip uP°n oatlli -or.fhiprofwjuyar privateers of the enemy, or belonging to any .ofethem, ,«t the time of her or theirbeing taken as prize, funk,

’ '-Jhnr^notsotharwi(» deftroyed, before the mayor, or other chief Mnagiftmteinf-the.port .wtthin any of his Majesty’s dominions,	<

\ whettsunto any prize, or officsw,-or men of fuch (hips, as were Junky, burnt, or otberwife deftroyed, shall be brought, or before tbe Brii.rJ/j-coaful, or viceicanful, residing at any neutral poit to ■which fueb prize, or officers, orrnco, shall be brought; which -oatbstbe (aidmayor, or other chief magiftrate of any fuch pore, or confd, or viee conful, are hereby refooCUvely impowered i«ttdi»q«imd:tO)adminifter, and shall forthwith grant a certifi-	T

-catethenaofo without,fee,orimwaxd, directed to the commif- ,	.	.	.

fiontrtiofnthe- navy s upon producing .which certificate to the and a certifi^

. commiflrtOBewi of . his Majesty’s navy, together with an authen- ra6e itKbcopyrbf the«onderw«ioo.af fuch (hip.fo taken}, oriffuch	0^"

(fcpibelwik,.. burnt* or othewife deftroyed,. on producing only t0Wi .ansrtificate fiomthermayor, or, oilier chief mggiftrate, or ^on* cemmHSdner* ,fol» or wice cowful,a$ afprefaid, the faid .com mifti oners of his of.thcj»avy/ .MrqBftyfrnavyb topfoohperfcp pr persons as they shall appoint JJ-i .for that, purpukiihatl according; tQ,tiip. courfe. pfthe,	.with- natWufticik

x:J	j	in	the (hip bo



499

faolidrvdfif

ufPMdfc

Pjivjctend t*l>e msdeaccoKi'. 5ng to proportion fettled by proclamation.

Where fuch tttth and certificate cannot be' had at the; $rft port,

Hie fame may be made at ally other ports

Oath being made of fuch inability at Ifeeinrit port.

Bills for bounty money to be paid to agents,

an^l divided a-inpnglt the’ captors.

$hares not demanded with* in three years to be paid to Green wich Hofpital.

Atir# vfcdfano nono-GaoMifibUi Cu^A* L^T.5^ ipfifaqndsys, makcow bjMs fortbc amrius* o£

dire&cd to. the treafiirer.of the i»Yy,:ipay^I*ita, ,,and tai foe divided amqngft the officers,feamen,.«qriDe»iai»d b»hfecafo,van hoard hisMajcfty’s (hips of war, tpnvmnsf,lifotrmawd^copbm-tLon^ as by bis Majqfty’s fndMKtttitota baiffisedfoedhide^iur. pofe' (ball be dueled a»d appointed!} jand aimngfb dNcomsmi officers and fvajpen, of anyptMa*e^effidt»J(htpr*| vrar^ia 6scfc manner and pspportipn, osbyianyiagnowBdaldn twyitifeg i they shall have entered-iogo for-UiaibptMpM^ llbaUibtedircftemoin

XXII,	Provided, neverthekds, That.® aifctcafrfiw.hdrn'V Ack Of>th and certificate cannot be; s^ mirufiasd .arnb graoStd. wtrthc firft port wbereqnto any pri«*jorcfficers (wmpnootffiachcftjipi as thaii be taken, funk, burnt, or otsbertViCe deftroyed,; fhett be brought, fiichoath or onths-reiating to any priB«®pp*ijse*,th* shall be taken, or u* any (hips of his Majefty’a utomiapiebe {hall be funk, bornt, ce.cCherwifcdeftroyed, Aitafarefosiif ,-fhdl and. may be admioiftesed and taken by and beftueArmajsoivot other chief magiftiateof dDeport within any «b' tos -MajeS^ dominions, or by or- before the’ Britiflt conful, ornriee 0111(4 refiding at any neutral port where unto anyprine o« pbrase^’dr officers or men of any (hips belonging to hu Maiefty’t. obobm, as shall be taken, ffink, burnt,! or ochervrife deftr«yod?c4iatta any time afterward* fee brought, (proof being fird cnadBiiyt affidavit before fuchperfcfo of perfona of (the- inability bfcj nuking fuch.o?th or oaths, and obtainingfueh oertifkate, at thrfiodfirit port) and the. mayor,■■ or ©then chief mBgtftrate,.conful,; or vioe conful,. shall thereupon.grant fitch certificate-and entifiedteiajs are herein before dire&ed t whichoertificateand certificate* fhail he good and effectual to all intents and purpofes; as*£ifa*4naK were granted by the mayor,' or other chief; nrtgiftratcycebbM, or vice,conful of the port.to which fuch prize orpriotsd ■*»«■ of . men, as gforefaid, shall be firft brought f arty. dnngherain contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwitkftbaxBng.

XXIII.	And be itfurtberenadted by theauthority:afamfiiid, .That the b.ili or bills to.he.made oat,for. the bodnty foeaeby granted, to,the > commanded, officers, fcamen, marioeajjfot-diera and QtbefB,,of his M^eft/* (hipa of wo lyfbrr* along, .finking, burping, or.other wife deploying, any flNpssofiumrtri* privateers, belonging to any of his ftwjefty’s enemies,, fhrilbe made payable to fuch person orperfon* aefhaUfe&au&arigefiond appointed by the flag officers or flag officer, captains, or captain, officers or officer, •_ (hips companies, or fhip’a cett*wy,;wl others, dntitled thaw unto, in like manner aa. hereinsbffomts direded for the nouiiiwUng and appointing agents for appraifo-ments aqd falecto be mode as aforefaid; the fsKHetarfcediftd-buted and divided.by the faid perfonor persons fo authonacd and appointed amongfo. the capMKS,.im(boh manner} fotrOnfid proportion, as; aforefoid; .the, feveraf ftwHeerofi i whidh .captors, if npt legally demanded withia tbCeeycars after pbUiofendtifi-

' cation, and alfo of fu^sasifitallinmrfromtfoie Ad^efty'srfonricc,

. ftydl tjcoyplied to the' ufe of Gretnwtib Rofpital j and that the

bill



*7 $6.1	Anno vicdliM WjItxrOKoRon lf; c. $4;	491

hpiiiocfcilfot* Be tsadewot-forthebourtty hereby granted topri- Bountymowey ttftecto fin taking, burning, -Unking, or <rtherWHe deftroymg, dwSK ■ ■Dy,d»fis:afiv(ar, or pnvateen^ belonging td an¥ of Ms Maje- ^agreed, fty^cmeims^ fhalLbcimde payable to foch perron or perlbm Wifipali ibo^nominated and'appointed by the owner or owners, pfeocraoawdi feamon, offocn privateer or ftrivateterS, who shall fend takes*-, font, burnt/orotherwffe deftroyed the fame, or ^jnmrn parti of them y to hr divided in fudt manner and pro-ponionsj)aai(ha)l’hiw«!beni a^reed«n by &em as afbrefitrd.

1I X XI VUBruvtdod always, and be it ehaftCd; That if an

ltd my <W*foMajdftyV^efts o.	r w. b the eMmf

dnw/uriapyortho dominions and territories remaining and con- and retaken birining. under his Majesty’s, protection -and obedience, which by the King's tadfe, before taken-Or furprized by any of his Mtjefty’s enemies, ^'P* or Priw-umAwany eirae afterwards again forprized and retaken from h?steen* ^MajeS^s encnues by any of his Majesty’s (hips of war, or any -private tuan of war, or other (hip, veflel dr boat, under his vltyeftyie protection and obedience, that then fuch (hips, veflels,

.beaut and gOods, and every fuch part and parts thereof, as afore-daid, rSortnarty belonging to foch of his Majefty*s fubjeCts, fhatl -eiaUrCafosj ibe adjudged to be rtAored, and (hail be by decree to be reftored 3pf 41® faid codreof admiralty accordingly reftored to fuch for- on paying ; (tnttbaWner or owner* or proprietors, he or they paying for and in P1^ siniiea of fatage, if retaken from the enemy by one or his Ma- J^etheyVere ijefty’t foips of war^ one eighth part of the trufe value of the in the enemy's iwfo?/wefnh/> boats and goods refpeftively fo to be reftored; hand. owMcb (mirage Anil be aufwered end paid to the captains, officers ,brtd<feaa»«i in rite faid man of war, to be divided in foch matf-

«erfts before in this ad is -directed touching1 the fhare of prizes rModgjngltothe flag officers, oaptains, officers,Teamen, marines . tndftddiemy where prizes are taken by any of his Majesty’s fhiprs .bfoear ;s and if taken by a privateer, or other (hip, Veflel or boat,	",

vbeforfe it-bae been* in the poflefllon of the enemy twenty four -hdurs?ohe*ightfcpurt of the true value of the faid (hips, veflels, rfeootsiandgood*'; wnd if it has been in the pofleffidn of the enemy aebove/thea^y fourhours, and under forty eight hours, a fifth part othftaff s< mid'if above foWyeijgtn hours, and under ninety fix Lheiteywithirdi'pwt thereof; andif above ninety fix hours, aJ^J^tobe .society thereof;' all which, payments *0 be made to any priva- without de. ftt*r,Yo*paber foip,’ veflel, or boat, shall be without any deduc.- du&km. tti«nS4'iand)if 'fueh (hip4b retaken by any of his Majesty’s fhips ^'he ^’P re-alfr.wtip5 or ktf any private maw of war; shall appear to have |^e"u^

- beefa, eifw she taking by the enemy, by them fet forth as a man enemy, ms a * lerfiwadjithet former owners and proprietors to whom the fame man of war; offtalhlm reftored, foall'be-adjudged to pay, and (hail pay for ?*"*!' t0Pa7 -(stage, itheifolhmoietyibflthetrue value of the faid fhtp fo taken	*Jj®

•nd reftnrtdv without deduction as afoVefsid j anylaW, cufterm v»iue; ,«tf’Uftge tfa the contrary; notwitbAinding,	•	;•

sfo bine ;	•	u S... ;	'	KXV.	'And	'	:

.I'd

 CjOO^Ic

4£P	Annp yjcefitmt irenDrG®0»tf*bSIv cm$A* f

Ship* or rotr- XXV, Ap4|b^it.	i	af^fiefiskL’

tok h* ol Tbfdincaleaqy,^PW,Vfflel>1qjTa^«pp^^in^ai^i»ftf^

lufion by pri- °e taken ty any Privateer through wnfcnt,, or d zndfftinely, or

vatfcrs,,'	^y cpllu^oxH»£9«WWa^* ft^t^’V^efc3J?dftip|>®50ds

apd merchandizes, ;wd aho the, (hip's, <fwklfl*>: f«* ntfm^, {qfcps-rel aad.amraunit.ipn,/9f fHvli pr^WWv :^H^pdn Pf<K^^h«»-

forfeitedtohit of to be made in 1»S jVfajpfty’s	Efdxft/tCrfPf,-ifi tbs

Jhaw^rf,,,th court o^ admtralfy, be dec^red w^ adjudned^b^igOftdnpriM Gaiety bJ the*t(? W* Majefly ^ apd ,qn? Wq»C*>hdW«>£ dwHib* Itqttbftfkfie « cromvtbe ■ Ids Majerty,' his heirs m$/u#c(ror&,;f»nd vth* qthj^fqcwejy. to 'other to the the ufpbf fuch perlbn, who.(ball dtfcflWfi aiwr,foqifar?*lW fwse; p^Vlt°rt a^ the bond given by thecaptairyqfTttPh	fcj

bS a King’* " aac^ ls hereby adjudged to be forfeited to bjs rM^eftyri) and is /hip, the cap. cafe any fuch (hip. or veflel, pr any goods or n^jjehqndiaes * tain to forfeit aforefaid, shall be taken-by.aoy • man of war,, through Kmhpet, joool. clandeftjnely, or bycollpfien or connivance ofi Ihe.owwqwdo of captain, (uchenmoW'der qr captain ,<h»ll foidertrthftinra (> one. thousand pounds; qua moiety thereof to the ufeof bis-M*-jedy, his heirs and fucceflbrg, and the other moie^rtOitba uit of fuch perlbn who shall di(cover and fue for thqfiinreri/tobc ‘recovered by action of debt, , bill, pkunt:or information*, sawy of his Majesty’scourts of record, wberein ao efibiq.’prptcdbM. privilege or wagpr of law, or. any more than qne;;i(9|^tboce

(hall be. allowed;.and fuch captain profficer, (half fogfeifchb command and employment, and shall be, and is hefejbyhdi&toM and made, incapable of any office or employment under; bt*Ma~ je(ly,. during (fie (pace of faven years $ and the'(aid ,goods land merchandizes, and die. (hip, tackle, apparel, furnttwre* .gens and ammunition fo taken by collufioo, dull be. ftndthr. hereby adjudged to,be gqqd prize to his M^jefty. ; v	-

Run men for- XXVI. And be it further enadled by theaulhQfit^nfiqgefejd, feit their (lure That no ,perfpn or persons belonging to any of, his, Mqjqftjf’s of prize and	Qj. vejfe]s 0f war, of to any merchant, (lvip employed in

his Majesty’s fervice, who shall run away, or withdraw hint/Ot .themfelves from the (bipor.vefleb.by which any priap^r;pwe (liall be taken from aqy of his Msyetly’s enemies, opotbcrwUc from his Majelly’f fervice, before or after notifkatiqntJlMdljbe given by thp persons or agents appointed as aforefaid, flf*bed»y appointed for the payment qf the several (hares to the .captor* of the (aid prize or prizes, shall have, or be intituled to* haw, or claim any interest in, or benefit of th? faid Ihareqr-lbafe^ of the faid .prize or prizes, qr she bounty money, aff^lzid,;-#* any part thereof.; byt fuch (hare,and (hares qf Rich ptifu? and: prizes .and bounty ,mQnpy»' (hall, go and bc pakl.to thsftiltfetftf Greenwich Hof pit al.	• > •-: * c! ’ur /cl-.-

XXVII. Provided always, .That,if any perfi)n,,or..perfiafts

and be fuf-pended for lcven years,

and the (hip and goods forfeited.

bounty money j

to be paid to Greenwich

Hofpital}

and.if they run, after notification,! ^

remkiw ofhenfaid, he or they shall forfeit and Jofe fuch pant of !>iMP4 <b*ir theirfcwein (hare and (liares of the laid pr»9 .or.prizBsaod. bftunftfi«9P«J(». ttre aaenta as /had be remaining in the faid agent or. agents hands* i# (he aanda.	'*	time

(hall or dp run away, or withdraw him or thcmfelws ffOl»>^py nh‘]° fqch (hip or veffel,as aforefaid, after, notification gjvp# a#jtfo&r

 

75^1 A»nO	Ili

m

_______ any Wife	^

*X,XV^lIi>(ArHS be it1 effaced by Ihe authority aforeTaid,Th:ft Agents, Wtth-all auvd tfVefy perfah and’ pe*fo!hs,agent and agents, and others in three who jfhfclffoll; of btherwifedHpdfeof any prize 6r prizes fo to months he takeri^as-aforefaid* from iny of his Majifty’s enemies',

Withln^^ (pice* df "three eaflettdkr months next after the day to j^ti payment^ be ^ppofoted fbrtbe firft payment or diftribution to the captors to tranfmittoi of fa<^ prize Wr prizes made in purfaance of fuch pnblick no- tte tific^tiori^s'aforefaid, make out arid tranfmit,or deliver unto HoS^^a3* the tre^foiWOf the (kid rbyal hofpital at Greenwich for the time account of the bei&gy dr'foft&h person or persons as he shall for that purpofe produce bf ctepute^d^iapp^rfcj i true ftate *nd account ih writing, under luch prizes » thd hund df han'ds of fuch agent or agents, or person or perfons	\

(ty^mpteyed, df the produce of all fuch prize and prizes as afore-feid^vOgelher^Vfith an account of the payments of the fercraf an(j payments (hires1 fo1 ^hb'edptors, as shall then hfcve been really and bona of (hares j fidi b)/W(n;6r rhem refpedtively paid ; and alfo that all and every pM^rton persons authorized and appointed by this pfefe’nt acft, and a]f0 tnmC. tP’tweivd billa for the bounty hereby granted, (hall* Within the mita like to like fpaee of three calendar months, next after the day appoint- count of the 0d‘for the firft payment or diftribution of fuch bills, for the ^ylltypM>" botirttyas afbrefaid, in like manner make out and tranfmit, or y *	„

deliver to the treasurer for the time being of the faid hofpital, or to h»9 ftiffidieWt deputy, a true ftate and account in writing, uh-def his or their hand or hands, of the payment and diftribution of Web'bills1; And furtlier that all and every person and persons, agfetlftlatid others, that by virtue of this a<5Hha!l fell or difprofe or any prize or prizes, which shall at any time or times here-i after >beMafcen from the faid enemy, by any of his Majesty’s (hips ^Wefiels of war, or that shall receive or difpofe of anjj^ i bill bills fdr bounty, ftkch person and perfon$,f agents and ofcheWfafeHmg ai\d difpofing thereof, shall within the fpace 6f three calendar months next after the expiration Of the term of and withih three yiarsv limited by this a<5t, make out an exaft account in three years writing of’the produce of fuch prize and prizes, b?H and bills ^onoath^ ftK boutity ^a9 alfo of the payments of the feveraRhares to the ^^nfmita refpe&ive captors, together with a true and juft account Upon like account oath; to1 be taken before the treasurer of the faid hofpital for otfhe produce the tittlefoetrtg, or any other perfort or persons, by him for that offu^ymrizes ptfrp&fe deputed ahd authorized, in writing under his hand and foal (Wtifcli Oath the faid treasurer of the Paid hofpital, and his money, t . , > fuffichmt deputy and deputies authorized as aforefaid, is and are	*;*,	n

•hereby authorized and impowered to adminifter) of all fum and and of all Jams fomsofl rrioney as shall be thdn remaining in fuch agent or agehts thcn^e^ii^ of petfocls coftody, power or pofleflion, and shall at the "fame !n*> V* time deliver, OrCaufetobe delivered to the treasurer df the faid »n •'*♦> n*. • liofpital for the tiiViey or to his fuffieienft deputy or agent1, th£w,dcb>w*oi?i faid acdAuHts^ fo aVtefted'upbiVbath as aforefaid, together with all faeft temaftflng (dm and futris of money then fo left and fctnaiVi^ tJ the tuaftuw

jng



* mm nt/H

>'t l ; VI U] to Y





counts and payments, to forfeit 100I. over and a-bove the money then in their hands 5

4^4	Ann6	viceflmb nOrtoGEdRGn n. C ^,

*r* of tht fi?d ing in his or their tends ?s aforefeid, taking hofpital; furer, or his proper deputy or agent, his ontheir itfgf ,	_

. acquittances for the fame.	"	'	:	' i1'1-1' -*-’7

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That ail	lbs

j^JJg ^?n. person and persons hereby directed to tranftbit or delive^ kU or der fuch ac- any the accounts before-mentioUed, Who ftiall hegleft Md-.ftfuir to tranfmit or deliver all or any fuch account of	the

treafurer of the laid hofpital, or hie faid.deputy br igbte,wub-in the time before limited and appointed, in manrter and foni as is herein before mentioned, or who (halt negtedtor refute re pay over all and every fuch fum and Ante of money, %s {^uiB re-main m his or their hand or hands, power, cuftody ppScf-fion, after the term of three years, to be apepunted 'fts[

(hall for dvery fuch offence, forfeit the fuQi oftitffiiuldftd pounds, over and above the money then in fu^ one third to one third part whereof shall belong to hisMflefty^lmif rlh$ rt-theKing, and maining two thirds to the fald royal hofpitsQ, to ^^foVpfei cofts of fuit, by action of debt, hfll> plaint dr noipttai. tion, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record, ih wT foin, prote&ion, privilege or wager of law, of mbi imparlance shall be allowed.

If there sp- XXX. And be it further ena&ed, That if any	ebl-

pearany fraud lufion or deceit, (ball- be wittingly of willingly

»n fuch ac- committed, permitted or done or fuffered, in uiakihg^ fflttjo;

foTcon^rn- or ballancing any Aich accounts, then every P

ed to forfeit who mall be thereof duly convicted, and his ana ti&uvuites

1061. extra, and abettors, shall forfeit and pay for every fuch offett^^‘6%r

*	and above the penalties and punUhtnents inflidted ,w&i$

One third to the sum of one hundred pounds, one third part Wh^fTOf ie the King, one to the ufe of his Majeftv, and One other third to to thehofpi- faid hofpital, and the other third to the	^^WaltWc

for the fame, to be recovered with“cofts of fuit, debt, bill, plaint or inforulation, in any. court of which no eflbfn, protedtion, privilege or wager of Prfafy than one imparlance shall be allowed.	/y^°

XXXI. And whereas good and ttfeeffary laws bave'beeny are Jfill in force within ftueral of his Majeftfs colonjispr tions in America, for preventing the carrying off froth ftie jdt& tb Icnies dr plantations any fervant or (lave without the citiftk3 owner, or the carrying off from thence any other perfok\ fr ffffks 4	whatfocvery	until fuch person /ball have taken out his ticket ^

fecretarfs office^ within fuch refteftive colony or plantatibnx ifijffr* manner and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, as in and Vf thi f£i several laws is declared and provided; be it therefore rdrt^ei? jfis-by the authority aforefaid. That all commands laws in Britilh vat€ fbips of war, or merchant (hips having letter* Of colonies in	(hall upon their going into any of thofe ports br harboiifi be

going into the fubjedt, and they are hereby determined to be fubjedt to the le-veral diredtions, provifions, penalties and forfeiture* in dnd ty fuch laws made and provided ; anything in this^ Confined to the'contrary thereof in any wife nUtwithftandin& * ^

XXXII. Pro-

tal, and one to the prole* cutor.

pwu there.

 ^ooQle

m Provided alvyajp* ,TJ^t^n«^i^i9|Jijs adt cocaine

€d wall

n*

Hi« Majofty

be conftrued to reftrainh U Majesty, his heirs and. iao "ppowered to cefforsj Tr6m giving fu'en further rules and ^kedfipns to his re^ f^Vtotbe* %^vecqu.r[s of a^a^iraJtjr. ipj ^e adjudioation and coodem-

courrs of ad-

natipt^ pf bri^csf '&?, hjr	his	hejjrs	.and fiicccflors, mirtlty.

with thevice of'hip, % tfojf yriyy CQ^iJ, shall be thought	,	r

*	^Jr^^harfasjnl ftfl private	t>r merchant	j

tt v expedient for the 'bet-Jfr difclpline, and 'fo^rmeht^j juchjfrips, that foil persons who Jhall ' enter tfcefnfelyet on board the foldMptjbould be under proper regulations to, pqy obedience, lfl(tbe laity $ ywmnds of the captains and thief ciyimauders^of the fold fi'ips* be it therefore eiiatfed by the .authority aforefaict, That all offences committed by any officer or offence* com-feduiap qn board any privateer or merchant fhip taking Letter of mitred on imarqiiq dpri^the prefeat.war with -prance+ mall be punifhed board PnTj|* fanner as the like offences are punifhable on board.

°f war*	a.	<	King'* (hip*.

Provided always, That all offenders who shall be Crimes cognt-acc^fedQf fiich erimes as are cognizable only by ,a court-mar- zableoniy bjr tiali' tnalf be confined on board fuch privateer or merchant fhip ****** ^jirryiggJpUec of marque on which fuch offence ihall be com- Jried^y a ihiyeCqndl they shall arrive in fpme port in .Great Britain or coustmartiaL or can meet with fuch a number of lus Majefiy’$ (hips '!of war abroad, as are fufficient to make a court-martial; and upon Application made by the commander of fuch privateer or merchant fhip carrying letter of marque, to the lord high admiral of (Great Britain, or commiflioners for executing the office oflqrd high admiral of Great Britain for the time being, or tfce^ commander in chief of his Majesty’s faid (hips of war abroad, . the (aid lord high admiral, or commissioners for executing the * - * t - odice of .Jord high admiral of Great Britain for the time being,	>

or any! three or more of them, or fuch commander in chief a- ‘ 1 broadA are^hereby authorised and required to call a court martial for trying and punching the faid offences.

XX^V, And be it further enabled by the authority afore- Rce5fterg ^

i/l	Knf f Ka t*a/v«Aa«*	wam..	(Iawa	^	m	11	m m J	/% • »/«••** a a • s —^	®	^

tranf-

,........................ .	_	•'yt®

! .yearly juic(«ycry year upon the twenty third day of Qftober, or witHh^ .three calendar ropoths next after the fame, make out Hofpital, co-and transcribe true copies of all and every fuch letter and letters pie* of all U*-of audrpey as. shall be fo rcaiftered in the faid court,or courts, tersof attor-

*_■ —	*vL*_	*	JL	_	■''» •	1	r	-1	r	•	j	... .	1	  n	rvrv rertlcer*

hofpitalj^r Grecriuricb, to be there rfigiftered, and tp be infpedted Judge to afi. t>y0,apy Pfirfon gratis; . the charges of which copies, and affixing “,s ^ tf^Jpalor.f^	^nd	tranfmitting	the fame to the teca- ere ** .

fijrer gl thf ffid hofpital* shall be paid by the faid ageqt or a- Agents to pay gents i! tu^ipijQ ’of .making fuch rcg»ftry as afprefaid^ and in the expence*. ..1 / /	v '	‘	*'	**	*	  cafe



Annd vicesimo nono Georoiy If1. <?. $4.	£

cafe (uch tegifter or regifters shall negfedl or refufe tb ttfinfcribe and tranfmit fach copy and copies of the laid letted and letters of attorney in manner aforefaid (any (hip or (hips in fftdkt time failing from (uch port or place to 'any port or pofrtV fn Great Britain) fuch regtfter and Tegtftcrs fb negtafftrig orrtfWng, IhaH forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, to be recovefe#l>jr hith *	or them who will fue for the fame, by a<ftiotf of debt, W!f, jfbirt

k	or information, in any court of record in Great Brifaiti or Jftne-

rica, or in any other of his Majesty’s dominions, O^cffefrrftere, in which no efloin, protection or wager of faw, or mpnfe" than one imparlance shall be allowed.	1	:	:o

The copies to XXXVI. And for the more effectual making4 f«tb be deemed e- attorney evidence of the agency of the person Or pertbm' to .vidence of the whom the fame shall be made; be it further enacted by tAe an-a*eacy# thority aforefaid, That true copies of fuch letter

attorney, and of tranfcripts, under feal, tranfmitted by regifter or regifters of the court and courts of admiralty ki fin Majesty’s plantations in America, and elsewhere within Ma-jefty’s dominions, and regiftered by the faid treasurer of Green-wich Hofpital, shall from time to time, and at all times hereafter, be good and fufficient evidence of the agency of the person or persons to whom fuch letter of attorney is or flnrff be made 5 and from time to time, and at all times hereafter, fftafl be admitted without further or other proof thereof* to be legal evidence, in all his Majesty’s courts of record of law or equity ; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XXXVII. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, Thai no agent or agents for prizes or bounty money shall be liable to be fued impleaded or arrefted by any person or persons who shall be made run from his Majesty’s fervice, in ~

n

Agent net liable to be fued by run men in the#

til!n£terthmlife to be duly certified of the names of the officers, Team year* § marines, foldiers or others, who shall be actually oir board* any of hrs Majesty’s (hips of war at the taking of any pefee or prices, until the end of three months next after the eviration of three years limited by this a&, for the claiming of prizes and bounty money, unlefs the person or persons fo made run, thri! before any action brought obtain a certificate of his or their it unlefs the R's or R*s being taken off, and the forfeiture of his or^ieir thafe^ be fooner ta- 0f fuch prizes and bounty monies being difeharged bythewm-witificitc11^ miffioners of his Majefty's navy who fubferibed the laid lifts, and 'Scfrfi * P>0 Pr°duce fuch certificate to the faid agent or agents refpec-andthe agent ^vely > and unlefs the faid agent or agents on the prodUoing^of thereupon re fuch certificate or certificates (halt refufc to pay the firfd priue or ‘bounty money (in cafe the fame be due andpayable actordtag to the dire&tons in his Majesty’s declaration) within two months after any fuch demand made'and fuch cettiftdate pit** duced.	'

XXXVIII. And whereof great tiumbers of Jkipt *f neutral nations may pafs the feas. laden with navat'ffore^ intmekfrte;carried' te the pin-u of France, whereby hii Majtftfs Miwm **} itft’tmly'+e

fufe to pay the prize or bounty mo-Bey.



J	Igin9	G*o*cu. IJ. c. >5.	497

, euatledandmpequraged te fit out uni arm privateers to dflroy the Commiflioner* , ttad+ffJubjtOtj but may alfo be fupplied with mate-	"*J£re

i riahro hepfd am fit mi flaps of war to annoy ana invade his Ala-	King.*

Jaflyt domimaae: and whereas divers Jbips of neutral nations laden as ufe, naval ^arafaidr May he,taken and brought into the ports of Great Britain, ftores on , em4 thepwptndfe off mb navalfloret laden on board fuch Jbips of neu~ ^oird "eut^f trail mefimfor tkf feryite of Us Majefiyy may in many cafes be ex- jn!^#por<JUhy I ptdieut without proceeding to the condemnation thereof j be it there- the King's7 fore Jfarthcr enabled by authority aforefaid. That it shall and (hips* may be laww to and for the principal officers and com mif-fioners of his Majesty’s navy for the time being* or their officers .pr agegfts* during4he continuance of the present war with i*Csr.s.c«if# Franfi* ^p^rchafe on the account or for the fervice of his Majesty’s faeifa and fucceflbrs only* all or any fuch naval (lores as fluJl ota&ajf hereafter be hrought into any of the ports of this kingdom bf any of his Majesty’s (hips or veflels on board any fuch (hi pc of .neutral nations; and that the commissioners and officers of the customs for the time being shall and may permit and fuffer fuch naval (lores fo purchased as aforefaid, to be entered.and landed within any of the ports of this kingdom ; any thing in an a& of parliament palled in the twelfth year of his late majedy King Charles the Second (intituled, An act for encouraging and inereafwg of Jhipping and navigation) contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XXXV.

An aEl for the letter recruiting of his Majejly's forces on thi continent of America; andfor the better regulation of the army, and preventing of defertion there.

<¥7f7’HEi$. E AS the fpeedy and effectual recruiting his Majejlys W regiments of foot, and other land forces in North America* is in theprefeut fuuation of affairs, of great importance to the fecurity and defame of the Britifh provinces and colonies: and whereas there one infevoral of the faid provinces and colonies, great numbers of in-dentedfervants, who may be willing to inli/l as Jolliers, in fuch of his Mayffly's forces os new are, or hereafter may be, employed in the faid provinces or colonies: hut whereas doubts may arife, whether fuch indentedfervents can be legally inlified\ for obviating whereof, may it pleafoyour Majedy, that it may be enaded, and be it en-a&ed by the King’s mod excellent majedy by and with the ad-vicoand eoafent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and com-	.	;

mons in this present parliament aflembled, and by th^authori-ty of the fame. That it shall and may be lawful to and for all	v

or any of the officers of any of his Majesty’s forces ferving in 4icr».

Americas to ialift as afoldier or foldiers, any fuch indented fer-vaator firrvaius, in any of the Britifb provinces or colonies on the continent of America, who shall be willing to enter and inlid	*	1

m any of jhe faid forces; any law, cudom or ufage to the contrary' in any* wife notwithdandiog.

4J* Provided neMfrthcfefe* Tl\at if the owner, proprietor orMafter oVed*

rYuauXXl.	Kk	maftcrInSth«feto,

 CjOOQle

498

vntlrin fix months; Servant tp.be eeftored, bn returning the inlming money; or fatis-fa&ion to be

Anno vjeefimo nono GroROU II.	r\*7£&

mafter offuch indented fervant, shall obj eft to the laid fcrvSuit>* inftfting as a fctfdfer, within fix months after1 foclf Fnrnlrir^nf, the officer inlifting fuch indented forvaht, or^hecipforu^ officer of the regiment or company m which fuch foddntfti fer-vant shall ferve, at the time foeh objeftion is ma^e fhalt "tSttidr give him up to his faid owner; proprietor Of iriWffer, rnade him for ceiving back the infilling money1; or IhaH pay ffich Turn, ihv fervants time, two juftices of the peace in the province or ccJofay	ttp

faid owner, proprietor or mafter of fuch iifdentcdr	1b

inlifting as aforefaid doth refide, fhafl on applicatfombf^lth^r *	of the laid officers, adjudge to be a reafonable fdcomjkrtK^'na

‘	him the faid owner, proprietor or mafter, in	t^'e

original purchafe-money given by the faid owncri^ mafter, for the faid indented fervant, and-to the ttaori df fei yet remaining to be performed in confequence of Hii W&iiti III. And to prevent any unjuft or fraudulent artttfFy diers, after they have inlillcd in any of the faid	jt

Mo volunteer Ji.ibleto pro-

value of 101. Oath of the debt to be made*

cefs, unlcfs for farther cnafted by the authority aforefaid. That no pferfbri.^ matternminal f°€v^r who shall lift and enter himfelf as a volunteer,

* his Majefty's faid forces, shall be liable to be- ttkentJutNoPhis Majesty’s fervice, by any procefs or execution ^aifoevi^^dror or unlefs for a than for fome criminal matter) unlefs for a real debf, ‘drStS real debt of the j oft caufe of aftion ; and unlefs before the taking cAit lpcAi '1 ,rkI cefs or execution (not being for a criminal matter) t|li 11 Or plaintiffs therein, or fome other person or perfon^i their behalf, shall make affidavit before one or mofejy judges of the court, out of which fuch procefs or efcectftk iffue, or before fome person authorized to take aflwaVli&l eburt, that to his or their knowledge the original foi?^ due and owing to the plaintiff or plaintiffs frdrtvlhe Here, or defendants, in the aftion or caufe of aftion, ott procefs shall iffue, or the original debt for which or execution shall be iffued out, amounts to <hd Vahifo’tif fth pounds sterling at lead, over and above all cofts bf fame aftion, or in any other aftion, on Which thelSfterfh^I^ grounded; a memorandum of which onth shall SePffimltdiPdh t1>e back of fuch procefs or writ; for which mefodhmflthft xfr

_______ oath no fee shall be taken; and if arty person fo inhSin^atja

oiTtbe proccff*. foldier in his Majesty’s faid forces, shall nevcrthclef^he-in^ffgl Perfonarrefted contrary to the intent of this aft, it shall and mby belawftifior contrary here- any judge or judges of fuch court, or any juftiee d!*^ it lU*rty ;Ct the peace of the province or colony in which fuch ayi^fKaHbe * made, upon complaint made by the party arrrefted* orIJjraty of his fuperior officers, to examine into the fame, by Oath of^fc parties (which oath he or they are refpeftively hereby IropoWiT-ed to adminifter) or otherwife, and by warrant tmdtfr h&r’lk their hand and feal, or hands and feals, to dilftiaigeFttenfoWfer fo arrefted or detained, contrary to the intent"of rttiS aft, wMft-out paying any fee or fees, upon due proof madfe'bd^^I^jai^ft them, that fuch foldier fo arrdled or detained,io-"lifted as a foldier iu bis Maiefty's fcrvice* aadi^^dm;£hd

and marked





{ Anno vicesimo nono Georgij ft. c, 35.	499,

detained Contrary to the intent of this a£t 3 and alfo to award $0 the party^graplaining fuc|vcqft$, as fuch judge or judges, jo-andcattsa. ftice or juflrces, shall think; reasonable: for the recovery where- war<^d^° tllC bf, fuch party shall hav$ the Ji^e remedy as the person who made C0|,1Pia nai1 V tbe faiff arreft, or took out the execution, might have had for his cdfts, or as the plaintiff in the faid aftion might have had fhr the recovery of his cofts, in cafe judgment had been given , t. for him with cofts, againft tne defendant in the faid a&ion.

IV.	And to the end ths^ honeft creditors, who aim only at plaintiff may the recovery of their juft d^bts, may not be hindered from fuing file a common

. for the fiujc, but may be able to proceed in a more fpeedy and appearance, cheap method ; be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That it (hjall and may be lawful to and for any plaintiff or plain-tiffSf upon notice tirll given in writing of the caufe of action to J fuch perfonor persons Co inlifted, or left at his or their laft place of jretidencc before his or their inlifting, to file a common appearance jp any a&ion to be brought for or upon account of	*

dny debt whatfoever, fo as to intitle fuch plaintiff to proceed tliereiq to judgment and outlawry, and to have an execution ^Hereupon, other than againft the body or bodies of him or them \o inlifted as aforefaid; this a<ft, or any other law or fta-fute to the contrary notvvithftanding.

V.	Provided always. That if any commiffion or nonCom-- -OTiffipp officer or foldier, shall be accufed of any capital crime, fuforfofcapi-! ,t*r of ai>y violence or offence againft the person estate or proper- tal crimen uq> -ty, of ^ny of his Majesty’s fubjeefts, which is punifhable by to be deliver-Ihe krjQwn laws of the colony or province where foch crime cd r?:lhe .fball be committed ; the commanding officer or officers of the J^1 r^lc* !rdp^iyc regiment, battalion, company or party, in his Ma-

jefty’s fpryice in America, is and are hereby required to ufe his *nd their utmoft endeavours to deliver over fuch accufed person to the civil magi ft rate; and shall be alfo aiding and aftiftiug to the officers of justice in the feizing and apprehending fuch respective offender, in order to bring him to his trial; and if any fuch con^manaihg officer shall wilfully negle& or refufe, upon ajppfiqation made to him for that purpofe, to deliver over any Juch accufed person to the civil magistrate, or to be aiding and	,

affifting to the officers of justice in the apprehending fuch of-	,	‘

' fender, every fuch officer fo offending, and being thereof con- r, vided before any two or more juftices of the peace for the province or colony where the fa<ft shall be committed, by the oath of two credible witneftes, shall be ipfi fafto calhiered, and utterly difabted to hold any civil or military employment in his Msyefty’s fervice; provided the faid coovi&ion be affirmed at the next quarter-feffions of the peace 01 gaol delivery, to be held for the faid province or colony, and a certificate thereof be tra.if-mitted to the judge advocate, who is hereby required to certify the fame tp the next court-martial.

VI.	Anjjl far jreveptrng, foldiers from deferring his Majesty’s juftices fervke^^i^fncouraging tfic apprehending of deferters in tne commit d«-

v%^^jjfvmccand colonies; be it further enacted by the autbo- ferters.

K k %	rfty



Googk

5odr,	Anno	Vkdfrmo noilo Gxorgi!iD. <c*rg£.	([i ^5^

rity ifbrcfiid. That it (haH and miy* be lawful toan& for the cbnrtable, headborough, tythingltian, or any other dvfr offices, of thfc*town dr plate where any person whb ma jrbe -reafoppblf fufpedted to be a deferter shall be found, to apprehend^ 6ri<eaafe him to be apprehended, and to Caufe fuch refpfidticefidrfoi^^O be brought before any justice of the peace living in or near" fuch town or place, who shall examine fuch firipedted peribn^ iand if by his own confeffion, or the teftimony of oneOf mote credible witnefs or witnefles upon oath (which bath fuchjufticoifc bere-by impowered to adminifter) it shall appear that teefcp&rknr^t a lifted foldier, and ought to be with the regiment; compandor battalion, to which he belongs, fuch justice of the pfeu<?e ]ftadf forthwith caufe him to be conveyed to the gaol of ihe toWw or place where he shall be fo apprehended, and count thereof, either to the commanding officer of theTaidVtti* ment, battalion or company, or to the governor or commander in chief of the province or colony in which fuch dtferter(l}sH be apprehended, to the end fuch person may be proceeded qgaihft according to law 5 and the keeper of fuch gaol (hill reb^ive^fce full fubfiftence of fuch deferter or deferters, during the timo be or they shall continue in his cuftody, for the mafnteitan&e of fuch deferter or deferters, but ffiall not be in titled td any fee or reward on account of the imprifonment of fuch deferter or*I«-ferters; any law or cuftom to the contrary notwithstanding^ -

VII.	And for the better encouragement of perfona todppre-feeward for ^enc^ deferters, be it further enacted by the authority >afe^ei»d, taking up de- That the commanding officer of the regiment to' whidi aoy fctfert/ fuch deferter shall belong, shall pay or caufe to be paid, i*to

the hands of fuch person who shall apprehend, of civri&to'be : "‘i- apprehended, any deferter from his Majesty’s fertice; tWe flam of twenty (hillings sterling money for every defertgf thatih&ll be' fo apprehended and committed.	"t/1	t*	>.*

VIII.	And for the more effe&ual preventing any pertbn from rfons con- frarbodring deferters, or buying their arms, clothes o* ’acootiag-

Sealingdefert- tnents, in the laid provinces of colonies; be fribftifer*ntfft«d er*, or buying by the authority aforefaid. That if any person (hattfrirttobr, their arms, conceal or affift, any deferter from his Majesty’s fetvicfc^ IcntMtf. clothes, &c. inghim to be fuch, each and every person fo offienditig, (hafl forfeit for every fuch offence, the sum of live pbundfc (teriihg* and if any person shall knowingly detain, buy or exchange;^ otherwlfe receive any arms, clothes, caps, or other fumitttce belonging to his Majesty, from any foldier or defettc$ bpbiV ant account ot pretence whatfoever, or caufe the'colour-fuch clothes to be changed, each and every person fo	(frail

forfeit for every fuch offence, the sum of five pounds Aerting, upon convi&ion, by the oath of one or more credibleWitneft or witnefles, before any one or more of hi* Majefty** jufticeyaf the peace of the colony or province where the offence (fa# be committed, which faid refpedive penalties shall be levied bydfc-,	iVrefs	and	fale	of	the	goods	and	chattel*1	of	fuch offender pr offenders, by warrant under thehand*	ot>fazh<'^\ee ck

- * *	jufticcs



Y?5$jT Anno y&as&am nemo Geg&gH JI; -ft.50* jufticts df the peace, and shall be applied one moiety to-the Snfcrfoter, or person by whofe means £i/ch deferter lhaJl be appmhended^ and the other moiety to the commanding officer ofi<the troop or company tp which fuch deferter or foldier ihaU rclpedtiwcly belong; and in cafe any fuch offender who fhaU bcoonvi&ed of harbouring or aflifting any fuch deferteror deftrtera, or of having knowingly received any arms, clothes, caps; or other furniture belonging to his Majjefty, or of having canfed the colour of ftich cloches to be changed, fhajl not have fiifficient;g(>odsand chattels to anfwer the payment of the fkid refpe&ivje;penalties, or shall not within four days after convic-tiOn payith^ facne, that then and in every fuch cafe, fuch justice or jttftiqe& of the peace shall and may by warrant under bis or thfiiribahd and feal, or hands and feals, either commit fuch offender,to.the common gaol of the place where the offence fltall;hci committed, there to remain without bail or mainprise, for any time not exceeding three months, or caufe fuen offender tfo be pObltekly whipt.

u JX. Provided always, That if any officer Hull break open, Penalty, on or foneibly enter any dwelling-houfe or out-houfe to fearch for officer break-deferttrsy without a warrant from one or more justice or inS open houfe juftice* of the peace (which warrant fuch justice or juftices are^^out war" hereby impowered to grant to a commiffion officer only) fuch officer (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pound* fteriing ; to be recovered by any person or persons who shall foe for the fame in any court of record in any province of	r

colony on the continent of America.	.	'

, ,X. Provi4ed always, and it is hereby ena&ed by the autho- ciaufe foriV^

fity afanefttid* That when and as often as any person or persons jicf of perfon*

ihaU be inlifted as a foldier or foldiers in his Majesty’s land haftily lifting,

fwtffcsoh the continent of America, he and they shall within the

fpace of four days, but not fooner than twenty four hours after

fuch inlifiing, be carried .before the next justice of the peace for

the county, cky, or place, or the chief magiftrate of any city * *'	1

hrrtown of!the province or colony where fuch person shall be fo	!	;

jnlifted (oot beuig an officer of the army} and before fuch jur

fticctor chief magiftrate, be or they shall be at liberty to declare	^

hi? or their diffent to fuch inlifting, and upon fuch declaration, ,	.	^

pnd returning the inlifting money, and alfo each person fo dif-

fenting:. paying the sum of twenty (hillings fteriing for the

charge* expended or laid out upon him, fuch person or perfons

fa inlifted (hail be forthwith difeharged and fet at liberty in the

prefence of fuch justice or chief magiftrate; but if fuch perfon

or perfons. shall refufe or oegle<5t within the fpace of twenty fouc

hours, to return and pay fuch money as aforefaid, be-or they

/bail be deemed and taken to be inlifted, as if he or they had

given.his or their affent thereto before the faid justice or chief

magiftrate ;or if. fuch person or persons shall declare bis or

their« having (fvolunurily uplifted hjmfelf or themfelve*, then

fiich juftice,or, chief magiftrate (hall, and he is hereby,requited

foEthwujhfto.eertify wder hi* hand that, fuch person j>r per/qa*

% '	Kk3	*	«

BP*

Annp wcqfSrop nono Gj^jusu.11, g* pi £$<>•

is or-are duly inlifted, fettfog forth the placeiofithe Withtapd calling of him qr them rcfpechvely (if known) and that the Jecond and fixth fedHons of the articles of war fagai^ftj muriny and defection were read to him or them., and that i>e had taken the oath mentioned in the faid articles o£ war y ^nd if any Juch person or persons fq to be certified as didy. inlifted, shall refqfe to take the oath of fidelity before tbe faid Jviftiw or chief magiftrate, it shall and may be lawful for (uch omcer frpm whom he has received fuch money as aforefaid. to,detain or confine fach person or persons until he or they malli&ethen^tih before required ; and every military officer who, (ha^^jW^ trary thereto, or offend herein, lhall be forthw^.*^ and difplaced from his office, and shall he utterly d&^e^to have or hold any military office or employment in nil! fervice; and for every fuch offence, shall forfeit the (^miof dfty pounds, to be recovered as any other penalty is by thjs^&dir-. re&ed to be recovered.	.	-

XI.	And bq it further ena&ed by the authority afoflffa^ That if any person or persons shall receive the irffiftiflginoney from any officer (knowing it to be fuch) and shall abfcoqd^^pr refufe to go before fuch justice or chief magiftrate, declare his affent or diffent as aforefaid; fuch person shall be deemed and taken to be inlifted, to all intents^atvjj puf*-pofes whatfoever, and shall and may be proceeded aj^nft,>a*/if. he or they had taken the oath dire&ed by the (aid artfelesif jyar to be taken before fuch justice or chief magiftrate.

XII.	And be it further enadled by the authority afotefotd^

That this a<ft, and every claufe, article and matter tneraricoiw tained, shall have continuance for the fpaceof three ycars^irom, and after the twenty fifth of March one thou&nd fevenjf ujndred and fifty fix, and from thence to the cod of fficthea nextfcfi^oa of parliament.	t	\

CAP. XXXVI.	,	f;	i

An aft far incbftng, by the mutual confent of the

tenants, part of any common, for the puff oft if ptamf mg* and preferring trees fit for timber or underwood % 'dhdft* more effe finally preventing the unlawful defrkBKborcf trees.	r:

■ • • n h-; ’ v

WHEREAS by theJlatute made at Merton, fi&yid*

ed and granted. That lords of wajhs, woods and &*i*\ which their tenants have common of pajiure, referring U Sufficient pafiure, as much as bclongeth to their tenement^ ypit&faffluent ingrefs and egrefs to the fame, may approve tbs reffue, effueh . tvafles, woods and pajlures: and whereas by a (Uftute:t^e thirteenth year of the reign of King Edward the Tbird^^orj^fm^ p, c a6. ca^ ^he ftaIutc °f tVcflminfier the Second, // i^siofdanpod,, I .1. .4 • cg'hai tj)e j*ajj jiatute 0f Merton jlmdd hold plqce wafles, woods and pajlures, and the ip neighbour^ appurtenant therein 5 and provifm^ is thereby wade againfi ea/lwg

down

Perfons refuf-ing the faid rciiei to be proceeded a-gainft, as if fitted.

Commencement and con tinu.mce of this aft.

Statute of Merton.



:,75®*T Anno v^teflmbnoho ©Soften W. c. 3#.	S°3

dbwn dekfi dnd 'hedges levied1 by fuch asbavt right Jo to approve *

and whereas by an aft made in the third arid'fourth year gf the reign

<tf RttigEltfward the Sixth, intituled. Art a<5i conc^rninig the ap- 3&4Ed.tf.

ffroveiYiedfc bf moors and toafte grounds; the faid fiatutes, and c# 3*

oiler fields thereof then not repealed, were confirmed : and whereas

the faid prvtiifiont for' the approvement of waftes, woods and prjlures.

hhve beih in many cafes, renderedinejfeftual, by the contradiftion and

difpiit Of a few persons having right of common in the faid wafies,

tvrrods andpafittres \ who under pretence that fufficient pajlure is nol

refirved to them, difturb the lords of fuch wafies, woods and pajlurcs,

at their djfigns,' irt the pojfejjton of the ground and foilfi approved, and

difcourage' them from' averting their right tv make or continue fuch

approvement: am whereas the'general provifions made by an aft of the

thirtyfifth far ofthe	of King Henry the eighth, and by several 35	8	c-	>7*

other aftd Of parliament, for preferving woods; and the particular

frituififrnf madibytwo several afts of parliament of the twentieth year

of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An act for the 20 Car*1*c 3»

IrfctMafe £na prefervation of timber within the foreft of Dean;

cftidtfte'othtr rfthe ninth and tenth year of the reign of King Wil- *

It^trr iht Third, intituled, Ah a& for the increafe and preferva- 10	#

dbn trf^imberin the New Foreft, in the county o{’Southampton y thereby fart of the wafie lands of the faid several forejls are directed to Wbtchfed and kept in feveralty for the growth and preferva-tion of i'mbtr, have not been duly put m execution: and whereas, fir. whnt of d proper fhppty of timber of the growth of this 'kingdom, d great quantity of foreign timber is necejfrily ufid for building Jhips andhetitfei, andfor other purpofes\ and the general price' of timber and wood hgteatly increafed: arid whereas many trafts of wafie land, itrtfit for tillage dr pajlure, but capable of producing different kinds of	t,

trees, may conveniently be inch fed for the growth of timber and un-dthboddftb' the advantage both of the owners of the ground andfoit of fuch waftes, and alfo fuch as have right of common therein; and Jiich inclojure will aljo be of publick utility, be it therefore enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice a^obnfent 6f the lords fpiritua! and temporal and commons iti thte preftnt parliament aflfetribled, and by the authority of the fache, That it shall and may be h wfui to and for his Majesty his heirs and fucceflors, and all other owners of waftes, woods and Proprietors of paftures, in that part of Great Britain called England, wherein and persons any person or persons, or body or bodies politick or corporate, having a right hath Or* have right of common of pafture, by and with the af- of corttntto? /ent df the ttiajor pare in number and value of the owners and occupiers of tenements to which the (aid right of common of paflure doth belong, and to and for the major part in number * and value of the dwners and occupiers of fuch tenements, by and with the aflent of the owner or owners of the faid waftes, foods 'and paftures, and to and for any other person or per-fdns, or body politick or corporate, by and with the aftcnt and * grant*bf the owner or owners of fuch waftes, woods and paftures, atid the major part its number and value of the owners'*

■ * ^ •	K	k	4	v	and

 CjOOQle

5Pfc	Ando "tied £rt» hooo G»OR<Mr U. Ci- ^	[%6.

may by con- htvdgccppierr of'fitch tenements, to kietoft and pktop fonfer*-7 mSry, for the growth and prefervahon ofnjmjber or underwood, thartol,Tor	*tty part ttf fo«h waftes, woods *hd pafturea, farfoch-tumywad

planting and. in fuch manner, and upon fucheonditioAS, as foattbehgvoed p_t.fliervii>g, . -by them respectively. '	.	.	i	'•••■oi 10 fit;-:.-.

ua‘ II. Provided nevertheless, andbeit emAedbynthe’authority erw	aforefaid, That in cafe any reconfrpenee fltatf be agreed tobe

If any recom- given for fuch inclofure, to or to'the benefit of theiowtietw «pd pence be a- occupiers of tenements, to whichthe tight of commoti Sttjftlch to the wa^cs» woods and paftures doth belong, fuch recompehof Shall tenant; in he made either by a grant of a (hare of the profit which ^(halla-whwmanner, rife from the fale of the timber or underwood gVowittgGOivdfce ground or foil fo inclofed, or by a grant of otMr huul^tewt-Molted.*’' ments or hereditaments} or by fome annuity op>rcn^chprge ... iiTuing out of the faid ground or foil fo inclofed, or tfoeUff ortgr lands, tenements or hereditaments; or shall bepsid’m'trtonay, .r •	■	to be placed out at interest on publick Securities, or (did out in

the purchafe of lands, tenements or hereditaments^ of <e>(ii6Qe annuity or rent-charge iffuing out of lands, tenementswrktfee-d'uaments; and the produce of fuch lands, tenements’ W-how-ditaments, or fuch annuity or rent-charge, or the' ihtdabd of fuch money, until the fame shall be laid out In fuch puoehafe 9$ aforefaid, shall be paid from time to time, to the overfeetv-br overfeer of the poor of the faid oarifh or townfhip; and (half be by them or him applied towards the relief of the pooP^ tjie parish or townfhip where fuch wades, woods or pafturts thfcU lie, and accounted for in fuch manner as the rates-for rdief of the poor are by law directed to be accounted for> wM-’hi-tafe the owner or owners of any fuch wades, woods dr padurts, /,■ ■	and the major part in number and value of the owners msd'Oe-

V lW* and ^upiers of the tenements to which foch right of eemrMOfr'doth tenants joht in belong, shall jointly agree to aflign and grant their retpedhve affi)?ning their right "and intened in any part of the faid wades} Woods OC pa-righuotin- ftures> for me purpofe of making fuch inclofurosas afowfetd, omp/perfom, to anY other person or persons, or body politick or’ corporate j ■ "'*'*■ . ’ and the owner or owners of fuch wades, woods and paths res, ^	(hall not have an edate in fee-fimple therein, or fhaUJbe-dif-

abled or redrained from alienating the fame, the reebmpodee’to be paid to any fuch owner or owners, shall be either‘by h jgftnt of a (hare of the profit which shall from time to time wife from how recom- the fale of the timber or underwood growing on the ground >or perfects tube foil f0 inclofed, or by a grant of other lands, tenementd<»rbe-lonjVrfie* redi.aments, or of an annuity or rent-charge iffuing out Of-the have not the ground or foil fo inclofed, or out of other latrdifofoMe-feefimple ments or hereditaments; fuch equivalent to be heid artd en-therein, or be joyed by the owner or owners of fuch wadoi, woods' arid;pa-difahled to (hires, and fuch as shall be inthled to the famein reV«rfion(>re-*** '	mainder or fucceflion, io like manner as the edate'in' (bch

wades; woods or padures, i» limited to be held ahd<*ajoydd ; and in cafe (he inhabitants Of any parifti	(ball’be

Q willing

 L.00Q le

*1756.] JStyQ	G8»»ort3kc/^5>.	5©*

willing t$c»Jfqt»'trc fiicb »i^t pf :ioclofure, fi»r th* «B^loymeiH aaiboobWi ofth* poor ioftth$i#idp«?flv or townftup*and any	Part* triWiisg

toompenbe.fhall be agreed (0 he given for theiatnc^ lit (ball and to pwritefc asftybelawfal for, the, overfeestor overfeors of the poor of fuch pariih or town(hip (by the confent and direction of. the major ™eM vpaftoflhfiinhabitan*s theroaf, affembW at a veftry or publick poor. -meeting to be beW for thMputpofe, publick notice being firft gwenof fuck intended veftry or meeting, in the church or «baptil)hetoagtngto luchpa/ifh or townmip, on three Sundays	,

.*t;thedea|3b before fuch veftry or meeting shall be held) to pay or pqrcbafe fuch recompense! out of any monies arifingfrotn Ibew^raiMortobcraiicd, for the relief of the poor; and Recmpence ewt o^Bioh monies to?pay from time.to time, fuch charges and andotber i*xpfcnc«n3;,(hal| be neceflary for inclofing and preferring fuch , gtounds fo iocjofed; and fuch overfcers or overfeer shall from tte poomatc,

, *n*ftrtO! time, apply the profit which shall arife from the fide of itbc titnbtror underwood growing thereon, towardsthe reliefoftheand tbe - ipooi of the faid pirifhor towolhip; and shall account for the fits to be *p-tfitmoiftlito manner as he and they is and are by law obliged to plied in aid cnccOwt for the rates collected for the relief of, the poor.	thereof.

:o lULt,Provided always. That every agreement for any fuch in-clbfiire shall be in writing, and figned by the parties, and the iTametUtaU be regiftered and inrolled by the clerk of the peace Agreements t» for tho coupty, riding or divifion, where fuch waftes, woods or •jP>‘j*nd -. pafturesv-or the greater part of them shall lie, within three ^uhin three 1 ntpnths next after the execution of fuch agreement.	months,

i, • ; IY* Provided alfa, and be it enaded, That it shall and may be iflvrfu! to and for all persons or bodies politick or corporate,

, wbO(think themfelves injured or aggrieved by fuch agree- Perfbns agin tat, aer for any persons in their behalf, within fix months grieved but .next .after ,«iy fucli agreement (ball be regiftered and inrolled in

(ions.

■rtw*fcf¥!

manner aforefeid, to make complaint thereof by appeal to the 1 jufticea of the peace at any quarter-fcflions to be held for the famecowny, riding or divifion, who are hereby authorizedand - required to hear and determine fuch appeal, and whofe determi-naaon therein shall be. final; ami if no fuch appeal (hail be T" cafe there : made, then the, laid agreement fo regiftered and mrotled as afore- ^er"emenu» . .-laid*, shall be for ever binding to all perlons whatfoever, without ftlud good.

: igny further'or other appeal.	.

Y. And be it further enafbed by the authority aforefaid, That Bodies poli-. it (ball and may be lawful to and for all bodies politick or Cor- tjclc,#u*tdi-porate, whether aggregate or foie, and all feoffees in trail, ex- jj**®"** tru‘

: eevtors, adminiftrators, guardians, committees or other truftces	^

whatfoever, for and an the behalf of any infants, femes covert,_gf«c to tich Innaticks, ideots or other persons whatfoever, and the hufbands mclofure*. of femes-covert, who shall be feifed, pofiefted of or interefted — • in, any fuch wafie, wood or pafture, or any right of common	'

, in fuch waftes, woods or paftures, to agree to any fuch incfo-fure; and.all fuch agreements k> made, fhaH bevaltd to all in-tents apd purpofes; and fuch bodies politick or

 

jp$	Anno	vibefitnO nOni OfiOK&I* if.-' && fay$6i

focamtroft; executors, adminrftrators, guardians, ^oriimfttebl and other traftees and hufbands of femes cdvert,* fhbfl We? rrt^ detnnified for what they shall fo do by virtue of this *<5h f T - 1

VI.	And be it further coaled by the authority orawmg with- That if any perfon, from and after the time hereby Kmfterf 4oir Si fuch incio- bringing fuch appeal againft any finch agreemenr for. the mdo- ‘ lore* shall be fore of any part of fuch waftes, woods or paftures,either unlawfully by ^ay or night unlawfully cutj take, deftroy, brr-akjlhfb^r Soyed/* down, bark, pluck up, bum, detacc, fpoil or can*y avTay, adiy trees growing within any fuch inclafare, without thecomcrf^of the owner or owners thereof, fuch owner or owner^ftiirhaVj^ fuch remedy, and have and receive fuch fatisfa'6Hon ^nd^r^co^a^' pence of and from the inhabitants of the parifhes, tcK^rtvfta^!-*' lets, villages or places adjoining to fuch inclofofev ahd ri^ovcr' Datmges tote fuch damages againft the inhabitants of flich parWtei* t”eVd^ingy hamlets, villages or plaow adjoining, and in rt»e fanWn^W Wgf pariOies; •* form as is directed for dikes and hedges Overthrown by th^’fiPd ' untefs the of. adt made in the thirteenth* year of the feign of Kklg Eawkr^ifhfi fender be con. Fkft, unlefs the offender or offenders shall be cohrl^fced ^	*

Cx monthsm °^cnce ^fthtn the fpace of fix months.next after th^ aoMhnfi^d#* thereof.	or:T	-nj

Offences t« be VII. And be it further enaded by the authority1‘afbrefi®/1 ^lermined by That it shall and may be lawful to and for any two

»r iheleffio’n*rP”®®.of the countY>"ding,divifion,city,town, litfcrty

wherein any fuch offence ihall he committed, or for thejuftfcesi 1 of the peace for fuch county, riding, divifion, city, or place, in open feffions, upon complaint to them imde; tecailHe every fuch offender to be apprended for fuch trefpaft, arid tb hei? Penalty on and determine the fame, and to inflilt the like penally arid pit- r wGr n*®Vttlertt on offender by them convicted, as istfhfe&ecf* 6Gfp.i.c.i6, h>he mflifled on offenders by an a<5t made in the fiaifcft yc^

the reign of his late majeftyKing George the Fh*ft,1'infitiited^7 An aSl to explain and amend an at? paffed in the firji year ofhft JHb- i jtflfs reign, intituled', An act to encourage the plantmg OftihiJ- ^ ber trees, fruit trees, and other trees for ornament, foehett^^o^i1 lit; and for the better prefervation of the fame; bnd*'fok‘4ffev preventing the burning of woods; and for the better prefervation of the fences of fuch woods, and persons VIII. And be it further cnafted bv the authority u nlawfully That if any person from and after the nrft day of Jetty dn^ltodti-cutting or de- f*nd feven hundred and fifty iix, shall unlawfully Cut, take* de*

OT°commona. ftr°y» break> throw down> bark> P,uck UP> bu™, defage^ fcaiL

ble grounds, ?r parry away any tree growing in any wafte, woojJ dr plfthfcf to be in like in which any person or persons, or body or bodies politick oi\ corPorate> hath.or have right of common, every fuch offender Sfeed.PUanc* may be *n manner convifted of fuch'dfftn^’ah^ | fliall incurthelike penalty.	x	vw r\’

Doubt anting jX.

And where'is by an a SI made in the ninthyearof lit fiitft cf\ ?*. i 7, Ms late majejly King George the Firjh intituled, Ana^fcr iriated, * more effectual punifliing wicked ana evil dilpbfed



"175^1	AnnoTijcgnw-nofib Gsoutoll. c. sf.	fa%

atm*d in di%uifc, and doing .injnrie? and violence to the pavfom. wi properties of his Majesty’s fubjefts, and for the more eafa bringing offenders to juft fee* it h amongfl other thing* wafted,

Thatthe inhabitant* of every hundred within that part of Qfat Britain soiled England, fhatl make full failsfaftion and amends fa all and every perfan and per fens* their executors and adminif ratersy far the damages fbey JhaU have fufiamed or fufftred by the cutting down or dtflroying any trees which Jhall be dene or committed by any offender or offenders agairtd the faid to be recovered in mamten as by the aft is direftea: and whereas doubts have arifen tube* tier the prmifm made by the faid aft made in the ninth year of the reign of Ms faid late Majtfty, has not repealed and annulled the rtn enedy given by the faid afts of the firjl and fixth years of the reign of his faid late Majefty: for obviating the (aid doubt \ be it en«* a&ai by the authority aforelaid, That from and after the firft d rem«(W day of July one thousand feven hundred and fifty fix, it fhaUfor damages and may be lawful for any perfon, or body politick or cor^ mentioned in porat^to take remedy for the before mentioned damages cither the laid claufe, againft the pari(h, town, hamlet, will or place, where any of the “cording to fold offences shall be committed, according to the powers givea the a6h of by the (aid afts of the firft or fixth years of his faid late Majefty’fciGeo. i.c.s.fe reign, prjpn the hundred wherein any.of the (aid offences shall 6Gco.i.c.rf* be committed, as to fuch perfon, or body politick or corporate^ .

(hall feem moil meet) any thing in the faid aft made in th* nvnth year of the reign of his late Majesty to the contrary not*-, withftanding.	^

X.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid*

That if any aftion shall be brought againft any person for any matter or thing done by virtue or in execution of this aft, the defendant or defendants in every fuch aftion shall and may plead General IfTue. the general ifluc, and give this aft, and the fpecial matter in evidence, on any trial to be had in fuch aftion; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall difcontinue fuch aftion. or bceom* nonfuit, or if judgment shall be given againft fitch plaintiff, then the defendant or defendants, in every fitch aftion, shall recover; Treble cofti. treble cofts of fuk.

cap. xxxvn.

An act for regulating the proceedings in per fond aft ions in the courts baron of the manors of Sheffield and Ecclefall in tb$

-bounty of York.

\XT H E R E A S the liberty or dtjhrlft of Hallamftiire in the cevn-

*	’ ty of York is a large dijlrift, extending itfelf over the town and parijh of Sheffield, andfcveral other towns anaparjhes in the faid county of York; and the mojl noble Edward duke of Norfolk, her reditary earl marjhal of England, claimefh a franthife there, and to have (he execution and return of all writs within the fame, as be-ing feifed of the faid liberty to him and the heirs male of his body9 with remainder to his nephew Thomas Howard 0/Norfolk efauire*

*4d tf (he heirs male of the body of the honourable Philip Howard,

*	‘	efquire%

 L.ooQle

j£l	Anna	videfimo mio* Qm^mtiLec^ejA £1756,

efyvrre, kis late father * dec4afed,wkb.divers remahnkryover^ afidtbt fad Edward duke af Norfolk: is fifed to him and uhe heirs male of hh body * with hie remainders, of and in tbefnd uMcnefS \dtBaiJ4 and ibe jurtfdiflhn of the court baron belonging to\ tht.faid w&terof Sheffield, which has been ttfuclly held every three wtcbsfz<mJhmini?* memorial* extends over all the parte of\tho find liberty, except ever, the hamlet or byerlow if Ecclcfall landwbe&as the mofiho/wur^ig Charles marquis of Rockingham, and Mary marebionefs of Rockingham his wife, in the right of tbit fa id marchionefs Webtir frk-fiees% are feifed for fome efiale of freehold or inbeHtpniCfif. the manor of Ecclefall; and the jwrifdi&ion of thecc^i dmonfig-knging to the faid manor of Ecclcfall, wh'unhas afobgenigfeudly held every three weeks from like time immemorial^ extends	We faid

hamlet or byerlow of Ecclefall, which is contiguous,

•	4/*	Sheffield)	and is within the faid liberty of

whereas from time immemorial plea has been held in the food Javeml courts baron in all perfonal actions arifing within the afbhtfhifffeip* '■ ral jurif dictions, where the debt or damages have beenfindff^f^ty Jhillings: and whereas a great manufactory of cutlery anfidfierjfafd ware is now, and has been for fome time carried on in the fimidneur, of Sheffield and the liberty of Hallamfhire, whereby, ahd*bythe1 late increafe of trade in the laid town, and other parts of \ ffe ffii, liberty or difriCl of Hallamfhire, the number of merchant^ fifafes^. and artificers there is very great) and the faid town and dfihCt are burning daily more populous: and whereas, although jufiko hath fbfi many years been adminifered in the faid several courts htfdn in ; mojl frill and impartial manner, yet the method of compelfingJebt^ art and other persons to appear to the actions which are commenced ^*, the faid courts baron, is in both the faid courts by funrmons and fiefs infinite; which is a very dilatory, and often a veryy ineffeCtt/nf method for that endand by reafon thereof and alfo by renfiti afthe expence which attends the profecution of caufes to judgment in the find courts, and often afterwards, when fuch caufes are removed up to fbme fuperior court, bonefl creditors are many times difeourdged front attempting to recover the debts due to them, and thereby matn.epf-4iff} pqfed persons, who have contracted fmall debts within the find liberty, are encouraged (though able) to rtfufe or delay the payment thereof and do often fit their creditors at defiance; therefore the inhabitdntr iff the faid'places which fo lie within the JurifdiClion of the faid fi-\ y veral courts baron have applied to the faid Edward duke, of Norfiwfc, and Charges marquefs of Rockingham, for their cemfcnt to fome proper method for regulating the proceedings in, and amendiifg 'tht defects which Jo refpeCtively attend the feveraljurifiiClionjof^tfieif. faid several courts baron> and for preventing all unnecej/ayy delays, and txpences in the faid proceedings, and for tin providing from *+ mong the several fuitors of the Jatd fevtral courts baron} fit, aMk± dferect and indifferent homagors or jurors to try all ijfucs.which /hau fiand far trial m any plaint, fuit or action to be depending i^dhg faid several courts, and the like fit, able, difereet and indifferent homagers or jurdrt for the finding of inquefls and the taking f triqufuoni fipw protejfey which may ijfue out ofx or on any ofier r* .................. *	'	may

 

175&J Anno vioefirnoraBBO Gkorou II. 0- 37*

aray bnbad'in the	fend fecetalemr/s,in natnreef writs

atdryof	danages-at the common law; which	Edward dube	of

Norfisfc, jWOurles marpufs of Rockingham, readily con* finted to, ft far as the fame can be done without	or -

gativgftm the	jurifiittims of the faid.fevered courts baron, or pre-

judicing the fame : wherefore may it pleafe your moft excellent Majefry, that it may be enaded, or.

On plaint or fuit entered for a debt or damage, not amounting to 40s# implication to be made to the fteward of the court, to fummon the der fendant. Steward to iflue his precept to the bailiff, who is to execute the fame ; avid the defendant not appearing thereto, plaintiff may enter a common appearance, and proceed thereon. On iffne joined, matter thepe-to he -tried by the fuitors fummonod. Defendant fuffering an interior cptory judgment, and procefs of inquiry ifluing thereupon, the fuitors of the court tp take the inquifition; fteward upon application to fummon ihkneffc*!'wttb are required to attend, and give evidence upon oath $ wit-neffes not attending, or refuting to give evidence, may be amerced by the Reward j to be affeered by the fuitors, and applied to the injured party, and Jord of the manor; and to be levied by diftrefs and fale. For *aot. of diftrefs, Offender to be committed. Defendant pleading otherwife thai\ the general iflbe, and court declaring the fame to be merely dilatory, plaintiff may firn judgment for want of plea; or if after appearance en-Uscd. sand dedaration made,' defendant shall not plead thereto, plaintiff may figo Judgment by default; and a jury thereupon shall be fummone4 to aflfelIs tne damages and cofts. ^ PTaintiff not declaring upon the'defendant** appearing, or not proceeding to trial, or being nontuited, See. Court to aWani defendant cofts : plaintiff may notwithstanding renew hie fuit*' Ten day* notice of trial to be given, and*copy tp be left with the fteward*, Plaintiff not being refiant, is to bring before the fteward fome houfholdec refilling within tne jurisdiction to enter into recognizance to profecutc with effeft, &c. Plaintiff not procuring fucb recognizance, fteward may fbrbtar granting precept agamftdefendant. If proceedings shall he had oh-fuqh fv»U, without recognizance being firft entered into, the fuit to he dtf» continued, and plaintiff difabled to renew the fame, till cofts be paid. Recognizance to be entered on a double penny ftamp. Defendants may pay1 the money into court, aud plead the general iffue. Upon iffue joined and' notice ot trkd, fteward to iffue precepts for fummoning a fury of 44, JurcfI uames to be wrote on diftinft pieces of paper, and rolled up sal put into a vcffel, and i% of thofe present to be drawn, yvho are to be t\\p. jury,&c. Juror who has ferved fix times in the fame year, to be difeharged upon his requeft from future fervice for that year. Precepts for fummoning jurors to be iffued five days before the fitting of the court. Jury to be continued during the fitting of the. court. The names and proper ad-' oitiou of the jurors to be entered in the precepts. Where 12 of the jifc-fors Hull not appear, inquefts may be taken by any 12 fuitors. Steward of* the £ourt may amerce jurors for not attending. Amerciament to be' afivered, and levied by diftrefs and fale, and to be applied for the ufe of the lord of .the manor. Proceedings or judgments the court not re» moveable, but to be final; (plaints in replevin excepted ) All perfonsjre-ffant within the jurifdiftion may plead and be impleaded. Juriftliftion of the courts not extended by this act. Jurifdiftion of the lords of the manors not prejudiced by this aft. Proceeding of the court in real aftiont not altered by this aft. Perfon attached paying the debt and fees, to be difeharged. Execution not iftuable on default of appearance of defendant, unlefs notice be given him of declaration. Perfons affronting Or difturb-ing the court while fitting, to be taken into cuftody 5 and may be fined, and committed for non-payment. Perfons obftrufting officer of the court in tfae executiojr of his office, to be fined. Fine to be affeered, and levied by diftrefs and fale. ^ Offender not being a houftioldcr within,the .jiu rifdiftion, may be committed on non-payment. None allowed to prafti(et U thetourtr, but fuch as ire admitted attorfiies or foliciters of the courts'" V	*



Ann6 vitefiftth noho G«0K6ji II; C.	^	ij	g6.

^ IfolfoiSfttter. Stewards to HoM their office at the plitefttre df tbeir lord, lo -cafes of vacancy utter barriter of three jwti* Jbtiding to bt appointed

to the office of fie ward. Stewards totake anpatb tfpmce* 3tewac4lL majr appoint deputies. Declaration to be tnadein court of deputy’s flame, See. bwore hi* appointment. Lord of the manor to ftgn bis approbation Deputy to take an oath of office. In cafes of vacancy deputy. ro.a£fc till a fte* fteward is appointed. Steward or offic^ipOf the couftA^MIg ftifdy may plead the general ifiufc, and have treble coflts. When? a«y acHoo shall be brought in any other court, for a debt recoverable in the courts baron,, plaintiff to be nonfuited, and defendant to recover treble coils, uo-lefs the judge certify there was a probable caufe for fuch a£ion>&c, PUia-- tiff may afterwards fue in the court baron.

CAP. XXXVIII.

Ah ail to enable the commifftonersfor building a bridge

Ibe river of Thames, from the city of Weftmififtw	iljf

oppofite fborein the county of Surry, to purebafebatfh and grounds, and To widen the and wdkemorf. faft and commodious the fireets, avenues andpaffages leadimgffom * Charing Crofs to The two hoofes of parliament, ,Wpij-ininfter Hall, and the courts of jufiice there, and XVeft-minfter Bridge i and to enable a left number of commiffroH-trs to execute the several aMrelating ta the jkid-briifce, than at present are required by Jaw-, and fm^rtbtf of George and James Kifig, ■ with regard Jo aHttfexMkat by their late father from the commiffumers. . ;

WHEREAS/^ umnaffioners for building a bridge the river Thames, from toe Woelftaple, or rhereOb/tutf, in tke farfb of Saint Margaret	in thedtgof Weftownfte^, » ifpofite

Jhore in the county of Surry, are by virtue of	fixWer-ct&s of

parliament paffed in ibe reign of bis prefent	erlfamftue	of

fame or one of them, imptwered to open, defign, affigtt-md lay out fuch new ways, Jlroets and paffages, as they jhall be opened and made on each fide the river Thames, to and frtmjhe Jaid	bridge, the courts ofjujltce, both boufes of parliament, and the

parts adjacent, and to agree for andpurfuch hoofes and grounds -as they /ball find neceffdry for them to be m&ved, rebuilt, pulled down, or employed for thofe pUtpoJes, f cud-prized within certain	bounds and limits particu

jeribed in the faid refpeQive alls, or fome or one of them: and whereas the ways, fireets, avenues and paffages leading from Chari ag.Crofs in the pari/h 0/Saint Martin in the Fields, in the yWeff-minlter in the county of Middlesex, to The two houfes 6f parlia^ ment, Weftminfter Hall, and the courts of jufiice there, asset Weft-tninfter Bridge, might be rendered more open, faft and for the eafe of paffengersand the publick benefit, than they are at pry-fen t, in cafe the faid commi/fioners were enabled to open and widest thy Jaid left mentioned ways, fireets,avenues and paffages, and to pur-chafe, pull down and remove fuch buildings, houfts, grounds and -efidtes (net comprized within the bounds or '	of the Jaid former alls of parliament) 'as they/hotud think proper



175^-3 Annpvicefmro nono Georgm II, c, 39.

and nectary for thtft purpofn: wherefore for promoting adafini fo ufe£«J and beneficial to the publick; may it pleafc yonr moft excellent >Majefty, that it may be enaAed, f5V.

Cbrnmiffiowers itnpowered to widen the ftreets, See. leading from Charing v Crofs *o the two hobfei of parliament, See. Commiflioners inay agre* with tfttf ototters buildings fot the ptrfchafe of any grounds Within the Jfrhfts Itefleitt iddtribed, *s they {halt tliinh necessary to be removed, Uc. X>rtm9RloWtrs to obfrrVe ail fuch rules and dirc&iops in order for purchasing the feverai buildings, &c. as by any former a&s paflVd in his prefect Majefty^s reign, they are enabled to ufe and obferve. All the powers mentioned in the former a&s relating to the commiflioners purchafing homes, Sec, to be in force. Hit Mayfly may convey buildings, Stc, to tb# commiflioners. CommifJkmers may fell any piece ot ground. Aft 18 Geo,

*r c, %^\tn be^Ln force, relating to the preserving ot ways, Sec. intended to be widened by this a ft. ip,oool. to be paid to the commiflioners for 'pWcWihfg of hoUfe* for widening the flreets, Sec. leading frotn Charing Cro£»rroth<s two hoefes of parliament, &c. Commiflioners to lay an account of the application of the io,oooi. &c. before both houics of par-IUu?eik. In all Cafes where feven commiflioners are impowered to put theformer in execution, the fame may be done by any five. Control flioners to accept a fbrrender of a building teafe made by Janfcs King* • itt i74i, aild to difdhtrge James and George King from the lame.

;	CAP.XXXIX.

Jtkefl> for txplainittg, amending and fual an afi made in fbe twenty second year of . Mojefifs	reign, intituled, An aa for making a free mar-

ket for the fale of fifh in the city of IVeJlminjler •, and . for preventing the fore flailing and monopolizing of fifh; and for allowing the fale of fi(h under the dimenfions mentioned in aclaufe contained in an adt ofthe firft year of his late Majesty’s reign, in cafe thefeme are taken with ’ a hook.

i

WHEREAS^? made in the twenty second year of bis nGeo^.c.4^ Majejly's reign, intituled, Aa a& for making a free market for the fale of fifh in the city of Wejim'mjler; and fbr preventing the foreftalling and monopolizing of fifh; and for allowing the fale of fifh under the dimenfions mentioned in a clause contained in an a& of the firft year of his late Majefty’* reign, in cafe the fame are taken with a hook; it is amongjl other things therein enabled. That of any ffoerman or other person or per-Jons ipkatfoever natives or foreigners, foould keep any fifh at Queen-borough, Gravefend, or other pine or places, in any well-boat, fore-boat, or any other manner whatfocver, Jo as not to fell off their whole cargo of fifo within the fpace of eight days from their arrival on the JBritifh coafi, between North Yarmouth and Dover, after their firjl arrival at the rejpebtive place or places os aforefaid, every person or per fans fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convi&ed by the confcffon of the party, or the oath of one or more credible wit-nefs or witneffes, foould for rjery fuch offence forfeit the whole car* oof fijb belonging to him, and alfo the vejffd, with her tackle, apparel and furniture, to h( levied, by if refs and fale by warrant under the hand ffftdjeal off any ope or moreoffhis Majefiffs jujlices of the peace for the





Anmfcvi^ffipno nono GI&,	[*255^

nfrtQiw cumtfitwbtrt the egaue.

rout or warrants the faid Jujlke and juflices .wssutnd Htprniy ». impowered and required to make* upon the ufirmnfy*	.	em

or more credible witnefs or witt^ejjes (wfiicb oath the juflices was and were thereby impowered and required	*

and that the produce thereof Jbould go and be applied* enenuiefiLJfi-Xbu^ ufe and benefit of the informer or informers* and ihe	vptt	U*

the poor of the parijb where the offence Jbould be emrajfaqd^ jbmi whereas many difficulties have arofe in putting the fiid^ tion, which have hitherto not only objlrufted the efiabl\Jhmeqtfffi^tbq: faid free market at Weftminftcr, but bath renderedjueffe&Qal tie other good purposes of the faid aft, and more particularly ike pqqg WMt* . ing the foreflaUing and monopolizing of fijb in general : as the Jaid limited time of eight days for felling off the vrf&k 'fFVi: of fijb, as in the faid all mentioned\ is found too Jbort*4&'&ffidt*i ration of the great dijlatue between North Yarmouth mt4 and the faid towns of Queenborough and Gravpfend* •pqhtrppbe faid fore-boats and well-boats Jo ufually he to receive the fijhing Jhips* as it may often happen* that from tb*eqmmnPf1f‘** cidents of wind and weather fo much of the fud time mg bi jfa& from the time of their Jufi arrival, before the faid vt wards arrive at the faid places fir unloading their feidiargmq the faid Jiorerboats or well-boats, and for fide thereof \ thqtjp& fijhermen may unavoidably incur the penally its the faid a&	-	,

for not felling off their whole cargoes within that time* and fit 4^ the fijhermen and others employed in the lobjler fijhing or lebftqf .

. do require an enlargement of the time fir felling off their-iSargm^ after their arrival in the faid river of Thames* the faid timUqd -time of eight days not being fujfficient for that purpefe: and tsJnraasfir -the rendering more effectual the good ends and purposes of tbe fiid oft* it is necessary that a proper officer be appointed to; infpeH and Jimob • the faid fijhing veffils, and the faid Jiore-boats and well-beats* 9fefi, the bitter discovery of fuck per fins who Jball make default in fiUhg off -their cargoes within the times limited fir that purpofe, as it maym aljo very difficulty from the great extent of the faid limUsappeimtid. fir the firjl arrival between North Yarmouth and Dover* Hjtfiem: tain fuch arrival, fo as duly to bring the offenders therein to without a continual infpetlion: and whereas it is alfi necejfrtyfar A* ' purposes afirefaid to impower the several mayors of Qveeoborwgk» and Gravefend, and any other perfins ailing as juflices+wbo emmet** bon of the faid corporations, and any other his Majeflfsysefiites of dr. peace between the faid towns and the cities of London and	7

fter, to afias juflices in levying .the penalties in the faed^Q* mrmte/L as fuch juflices of the peace for the refpettive county where ik+effrwc* is committed: and whereas by the faid recited a£i it is enabled* Tier the fever al kinds of fijb therein particularly named and; mentioned*. mbp be expofid to file or exchanged fir other goods, providedftuhtfijb^am" taken with a hook, and fo not fit or. capable of being preferred uSm* although the Jaid fijb Jhould be under the. dimeufibns prefir ilmdby mm it* P*JF*t *n tf* filin $f h*5 kte majefty, mtktded*jk$mt dm tea* fiflvtalw by	tatofl ithfhnaA.

i7S&3 > J*B8io vicesimo hbfeo GfeoR^tt H: <J. 29'-	$f$»

into Ais ,R9#igdOtn ; Snd fat the prfcfervation of the try of firtf % and for thriving leave to import lobfters and turbet in foreign T bottoms ; *Otl for the better pfeftrving of falmon wrthin feveraf rivfers in that part of this kingdom called England; in the faii recited dStWentioned; which liberty was fo allowed, that the market might be the more pkntifutty /applied with fuch forts tf fifl>, and that the pubftek might be ferved theretbith at more reafonable rates: and Whereat fitc# liberty hath not been attended tenth fuch good effects as was expeffed, for that the markets being fupplied with fuch fmaller ftjby doth tnhahee the price of the largeft forty and under colour of the faid reeked ait under fited fifh are fold, though not taken with a hooky whith Ihtiy fHtd greatly to the dtjlrttftion of the fry of fifhy and confe-faintly the faid fifhery in general for fuch kinds of pjh \ and that it ufiU be more for the benefit and forvue of the publtck to revive the -fetid riffTdint' for the prefervation of the fry and fmaller fort of fmb fifiyv ditd dot to permit the fale or exchange of fuch fever al kindi of fijb fp hatched with a boot under the dimenfwis in the faid lafi re-eitid aft mentioned : and whereas for fuch several purpofes, as well at for othei's herein after mentioned, it ts become necessary to explain and extend the faid ail; may it therefore pleafe your molt excellent Mdjcfty, that it may be cnafted, and be it therefore enacted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this prdent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame,

That if any fisherman or any other person or persons whatfoe- Penalty °* vtf, matter or owner of any fifhing (hip, (loop, fmack or fifhing	^

veflel coming from fea, or other person having the conduct of fuclt the luppiy of fiftvtng (htp, floop, fmack or fifhing veflel, natives or foreigners, London and employed either in catching, bringing or vending of fifh for the Welt minder fupply of the cities of London and Wejlminfiery shall break bulk or leaking bulk, make fale of their fifh, or any part thereof, between Harwich and the or vending # N#t, or between Margate and the Norey to any person or per- their fiih, be-fdns t» fell again, or shall not enter their (hip, (loop, fmack or^c their brother fifhing veflel, at fuch place or places, and within fuch time, or not as. herein after mentioned, or shall keep any (hell fifh or other ente/ing their fifh whatfoever in fuch their fhip, floop, fmack or other their arrival, or not fifhing veffd or veflels] or in any well-boat or ftore-boar, after fel*,nS fuch their arrival, fo as not to fell off their whole cargo of fifh ^ *u m within the fpace of eight days, to be reckoned from the day of } 4 fuch their arrival at the Nore as aforefaid, and thereof shall be convi&ed before one or more of his Majesty’s juftices of’ the peace for the counties of Kent or Ejfexy or before the mayor; recorder or fuch aldermen for the time being, who have power *' to a& as juftices of the peace within the corporations of Sfyeen* borough or Oravtfendy on his, her or their own confeflion ofcon-feffions in writing under his, her or their hand or hands, or on the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefies, which * conridtion shall be final #bd without any appea! whatfoever, foefa fhipv (loop, (mack or fifhing veflM, boat, ftore-boar, of other boat kilty which th» bid fifh, or any part thereof, shall beT wkh all 4Wktet-apft&itof and Aifflittiffe to-v.^ol. XXL	Li	the





;5t‘4

teqovicdimo nooo QflojMifj & <^jp.

th« fan^e belonging, together wnh;the.wtolc cargo	&h«

(hall be forfeited by the owners thereof, $nd difppfe*! PJ a* hpre-Penalty, bow qfter mentioned j fuch forfeitures to be levied by to be levied, by warrant under the hand and feal pf any pne’or qaor^ofbis Majesty’s judjees pf the peace within the fai<J <c9U0tW;Pj^ or EJftx, or of the faid mayor, recorder or aJdeFflien flAjng for the time being as magidrates within thp towns off ^nd Gravefend, or fuch mayor, rec9rder 9r alderiqwa ipy^ker Corporate town between the faid townp ojf	Pd

Qravefend and the city of fVfiminfler as aforcfrid j ^feic^ ^Wax;-rant or warrants the laid justice or jujQtices, mayor?, recpr$J$ni pf aldermen, is and are hereby impowered and requiypdf t% alike and iflue accordingly, and to be dire&ed to the nigh OwAabif, petty copdable, headborough or tithingman of either Pi *&? IW towns of S^ueenborough or Gravefend, or any other tpwps faid near unto where any fuch offences (nail be	4*r

where fuch (hip, floop, fmack or fi(hing veflcl, boat, pr other boat mail then be, to take and feize the fa*n*, Application pnd difpofe thereof within fourteen days accordingly jand,one thereof. moiety or half part of the produce of fuch ftle, aftpr rt^fgg^jc charges deduced, shall go and bp paid to the i>formpr.prin£ifi|i* frs, as the faid judices shall appoint, and the otl^erra^^io the trudees appointed to put the (aid recited and this px;cfo}^ ^ in execution, to be placed by them, or any five pc mPf$ QCt&jpt, or their order, to the general account of fprplu? of rifing from the fi(h market, in th$ (aid recited a<$ and to be appropriated as the faid fnrplus Jp thfl,faulisdt-refted; any thing in the (aid contained tq fhe cpfltrary, **-withdanding.	-	/i« .. .

i* days allow- II. Provided n$verthelefs, That in ca($ ^ny fych,

•d for the fale f»l is freighted of loaded with lobders, or whofe of lobders. may ma(]e Up with Ipbfters, and the fiih^maen fon or perfops whatfoever, natives or foreigners, owners of fuch lobders or haye the power to the fame, shall fell off her whole c^rgo of fuch Jpbflfcf^’i twelve days after tfye arrival of (ych veflcl. at the pl^ce m herein before appointed for that pufpofaan4 inay,<#hc$j^

: conform to the direuftions of th? fyd recited, anjl thUpr^n^ then and in fuch cafe the fa^ of t^fi whole cargo <

Chall be and is hereby declared |o be a* good ^ £u r ... ,,	,

fuch fale had been completed and made wuhm the 4aidffnnuaed time of eight days before mentioned.	M ,	^	L

Filhing vefTelt ' H1- Provided alfo «eyerthelefs. That U Ml a^/wag.-b*

■ may remove lawful to and for every fuch filhermaa or other Mrtftn^r ner* th.tr cargoes fons wbatfoever, roller or owner of any filhing WWh JmjtcjTor filhing veflel coming from leg, and to end fpt weqy Qtlwmftr-I4or.,(b as not £»»or Per£°n.s having ths; conduit of ?ny fucbfiOfipg flfip,flaop, to make fete fmack or filhing veflfl as ^for?liud, and tfipy flra^itrphy wuxwr-t hereof. pred at any time and times,- and as often	0isdf.Kp.br

xequire, during their refpebiiye voyages at fift, mriyal at the Nire, to fijiff and «mwv/e

13

^rW-goes

Anno victfimo noho GeoRjgii II. C, $gf	51$

' joe* of fifh into any other (hip, /loop, fmack, veflel or veflels.

1 furttheeafe of their wells, the prefervation of their fifh, and	..

the better feparating fuch as are dead, drppt or fickly, from thofe which are found and healthy; fo that no part of fuch car-; cp of fifh be fold or difpofed of, until their arrival at or above ' tne'Nort as aforefaid; any thing' herein before contained to the J contrary notwithftanding.

1	IV. Provided ajfo nevertheless, That it shall and may bepctcr boafs

• lawful tq and for any fifherman or owner of any peter-boat, or &c. employed 1 Other fmall fi(hingveflel ufed and employed for ferving and fup- for ferving

s plying the inhabitants of any city, town or village, or thetowns»*c*

•	neighbourhood thereof, on or near the banks of the faid river, of the river * ; between' the mouth of the faid river and the faid towns of mxy difpofcaf 1 QuienbvroUgb qr Gravtfend, to fell or difpofe of their filh in fuch their fifh at

•	manner as hath been heretofore ufed, in cafe fuch boats or filh* heretotorc. f ing veflels are only ufed and employed for the confumption of

1 fqch fifh within fuch city, towns or villages, and the inhabitants thereof, or of the neighbourhood thereof.

V,	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Truftces to t TFhat the truftces for putting the faid former and this prefentappoint in-aft in execution, or any nine or more of them, shall and may, fpeftorsoftha 1 by writing under their hands and feals, appoint one or more fit^^S '<^1$. i person orperfons, to be called The infpe^or^ or Infpeftors of tht fifbing \jefiels, to infpeft and fearch all and every fifliing veflel and veflels, well-boat or ttore-boat, well-hoats or ftore-boats,

Belonging to any fifherman, or other person or persons whatsoever, natives or foreigners, at any time after the arrival of any 1 j&fhing veflel at the Nore, or in any part of the river Thames between the Wore and pillinfgau Dock, to examine and take ac-1 county as well qf the arrival of fuch veflel or veflels within the ' f*

; faid limits, as of the time of felling the whole cargoe of fi(h,

I brought in fuch veflel, and of the breaking bulk, and unload-	N

] inguich veflel, and (hitting the cargo, or any part thereof, into j fuch well-boars or ftore-boats, and of the delivery or felling off i facji cargo, in fuch manner as directed by the laid recited or ; this prelent aft; and remove fuch officer or officers at their : pleafure; which infpeftor or infpeftors, when fo appointed, is j and afe hereby authorized and impowered to enter into, infpeft Infpetfor’s , and examine luch fifhing veflels, well-boats and flore-boats ac-p“^c*n<i ( cqrdingly; and all and every fuch person or persons on board p w the faid veflels are hereby required to give to the faid infpeftor fuch account thereof, according to the beft of their knowledge; l and in cafe any person or persons, being the matter, owner or j owners of fuch veflel or veflels, or their cargo, or any of their	m

1 agents or fcrvants, or other person or persons there found as board not givl 1 aforefaid, shall refufe to give fuch account, or shall moleft, ob- ing him the j ftruft, or otherwife hinder fuch infpeftor or infpeftors in the informal****

1 execution of his or their find office, or prevent or endeavour to prevent any person or persons on board fuch veflel or veflels, him mbifof-boat or boats, from giving fuch account as aforefaid, every fuch fa*, person lb offtmfing, being thereof lawfully couvifted before obe

Liz



5i($	Anno	vicesimo nono GEdRdti TF. C ■39*	!

or more of his Majesty’s juftices 6f the peace, as \tt act particularly defcribed as aforefaid, by the confeffibn of tHe'party, or on the oath of one or more credible witnefs or Wtmdfes, (nail for every fuch offence1, forfeit and pay the fum ciTten pounds, to be recovered and applied, in the fame manrief as the other penalties in this a<5t.	u	1	;

VI.	And for the fupportand maintenance of fuch needfarr officer or officers, whereby the good purposes of the faid recited and this present a<S may be effected, and the foreftalling and monopolizing of fifh in general prevented, and to defray fuch charges as may attend the execution of his or their bftice, ts hereafter mentioned ; be it enaded by the authority1 aforefaid, «s to he paid That from and after the twenty fourth day of June '6fic thoc-Jotl^K,nS 8 fand feven hundred and fifty fix, there shall bfc paid to M£Ms-eve^ fishing je^y’s fearcher or fearchers at Gravejend> for the certificate cfiFtfie veflel, on cer- entry of the arrival of any fuch filning (hip, (loop,’ fmsftfcV’cr tifying their other veflel or veffels as aforefaid, the sum of two IMIfinig, to arrival at be paid ancj applied in manner following, that is tef flay,’ There 6di,athereof to	kept an(1 reta^necJ ty a°d f0 the ufe of thf£ fern fearcher

go to the or fearchers, for making out fuch certificate, fix perttei. and fearcher for the remaining one (hilling and fix pence is hereby vefted irf the his,certl^ate ^ faid truftees, and shall be paid by fuch fearcher or fearchers, from the truftees *° t,me to t*me> t0 t^e truftees, or fuch other person of per-* fons, as the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, foali by writing for that purpofe, under their hands and feals, drrefi and appoint, whofe receipt shall be, and is hereby declared to be^ at all times, a full difeharge to fuch fearcher or feardhers for the fame, which faid payment of one (hilling and fix pence on each to be applied fifhing veflel as aforefaid, shall be applied by the faid tfofteer, for charges of or any five of them, in the firft place, to pay fuch itifpedfor cr a boat, and infpedors of the fifhing veffels for his or their faid fertice, and fpeSor 5 f°r *he charges of a boat, fuch yearly fum as the faid thfcffees,

* or ahy nine of them, shall think it fit' and reafonable for fuel and the fur- fervice; and if any furplus arifes, over and above, then tB ap-Sutie^are6 Pty furP^us m the fame manner as the furplus arifih'gfrpm directed^ the tolls and duties of the faid recited ad are directed to p. ,	, plied.	'':

Matter to give VII. And be it further enaded by the authority afordfafd, h notice within order the better to difeover any offenders againft this adt, Tfra ldsCvefl‘ers ^ie ma^er» owncr> chief officer or mariner, who (half havetht arrival at^he care or con^lI<^ of any fuch fifhing (hip, (loop, fmacK, ot1 6thr Nore, to the veflel or veffels, made ufe of for the catching or importiri|' ct /earcher at fifh as aforefaid, shall within three days after thfe arrival oFfuch Grave fend j fifhing (hip, (loop, fmack, or other veflel or veffels at the Mere £

4	aforefaid, truly report the time of fuch arrival to his Majefty1?

faid fearcher or fearchers, at their Office at Graveftnd, or to rht , chief ofticer of his Majesty’s customs there, who is hereby dr-Entry to be reded and required to take notice of, and entefr the famt in i made thereof, book to be kept for that purpofe, and to give a certificate there-and a certift. 0f to fuch ma(jer5 owner, chief officer or mariner, betongiifjg ro * c^ven. tiie faid fifhing (hip, (loop, fmack, or other veffrf/ ' ; ?	‘

*	*	VIII.	AnJ

 

17 5^1 Appa viwfimo jioro Georgii II. c. 37.	5^7

' VIIJw. And the better to prevent the removal of the faid fi(h-ing veflels and cargoes out of the limits of the county, city and liberty* or town corporate* where the offence shall be com -mitted, before fuch diftrefs can be made, whereby the effed of fuch convictions as aforefaid may be defeated ; be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, TW it shall and may be lawful to and Warrant of for the high conftable, petty conftable, headborohgh or tything- diftrefs may man, of ^veenboroughy Gravefend, or any other towns being cor- be executed in porations, or of any countv, city or liberty, to whom fuch war- river* rant of diftrefs shall be directed, to execute the fame in any Medway#or part of the river Medway or river Thames, or any creek or wa- Thames, See. ter thereof between the Nore and the city of IVeftminfter; and that, Arch warrant or warrants, or other ad or ads of the faid mayors^ recorders, aldermen* of fuch justice or juftices of the peace, «wd the aft or ads of the conftable, headborough, ty-thi ragman, or other person or persons, in obedience to fuch warrant or warrants, shall be as valid, good and effectual in law, to ati;intents and purpofes, as if the fame were executed within the proper limits of their own town, liberty, precind or ju-riCdiCiion.

• IX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, <1. penalty bit That if any fifherman, fifhmonger, or other person or persons fclhngorex-(hall fell, or expofe to fale, in any houfe, (hop, (tall or ftand- any fiVwithih injg> any filh of any kind whatfoever, within five hundred yards 50o yards of df the faid free filh market, appointed to be held in the city of the h(h mar-JVeJlminfter% or the bounds or limits of fuch ground as hath been J^ct* w*thouta appointed or afligned by or by virtue of the faid recited ad for llccncc* holding the fame, without the licence and content of the faid truftees appointed or to be appointed to put the faid recited and this present ad in execution, or any five or more of them, in writing under their hands and teals firft had and obtained for that purpofe, fuch fifherman, fifhmonger, or other person or persons, shall for every fuch offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds; to be paid on the conviction of fuch offender, before any two or more of his Majesty’s juftices of the peace for the faid city and liberty of IVeftminfter, on the confeffion of the party, or on the oath of one or more credible witnefs or wit-nefles who (hail prove the fame, and this without further ap- Juftice may peal, with power neverthelefs to fiiyh justice or juftices of mi- miftgatetlw^ tigating thefomej and on refillingpayment on fuch convi<ftion, pena ** then Arch justice or juftices, or any other of his Majesty’s juftices of the peace, shall and may grant their warrant of diftrefs, fo levy the fame upon fuch offenders goods and chattels, and divide theftim wherein fuch offender ihall fo ftand convidcd, as follows; to wit, one half to the informer, and the other half Application of tn.the truftees appointed in and by the faid recited adl, to be the penalty, applied to tbe fame ufe as the furplus monies arifing by the profits of die market are in and by the faid recited act direded to Repaid and applied.

, X. And,whereas the., faid truftees, for the greater accommodation R^hjnirt?‘' $f tbe inhabiipQto of Weftminfter in reforting to the faidftjh mar- condHiaroft*

/	11 i 7	L 1 3	lity	a building

•r.t

1





$i Sr	Anno yicfefifciaiiond GboRmlIIv &	&

UaCc grftttt«d kefy bat# granted a ieaft to Richard Hughey, tfpattif the\affigeeei

to Richard	ground for bolding the faid fifty market^wherein tbo fkidJfoc&afd

u£ C8#	Hughes hath built tight houfes i with Conuenitneies fit for fifftkmig m ;

to foil fifh by retail: and whereas the faid Richard tirighes ds^re* framed by the faid leafsfrom letting tire faid houfes to oty other than fifbmongersy whereby feverai of the houfes areuninhabitedfand grtat loft hath accrued to the faid Richard Hughes therebyy etitftftiiljhf* ther lofs may accrue to the faid Richard Hughes, in taft he fbaUU obliged ftritlly to comply tbetetiith ; and even Jucb fftmongtrs who may fettle there are in danger of incurring the penalties Mgcinft rt^ gratorsy Jhould they expofe to file again in their fbops,dnyftffr bought by them at or in the Jjetutfree fijh market; he it ena&ed by ^tho au-Truftees may thority aforefaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the fad diipenfe with truftees, or any nine of them, by any writing underth^n hands the faid re- and f€a]s for that purpofe, as they may fee occiikm^tQ’dHpcofc refoe& to^thc	reftraint,	and	to defeazance the covenantof * W iatf

two end	Richard Hughes in that refpe£l, fo far as it refpe&sip vwoend

houies.	houfes of the faid eight houfes; the daufe in ehd firid ceeiftd

ad, whereby the commiflioners for building a new bridge craft the river Thames, from the New Palace Yard in the city >*f, Weft* min fiery to the oppoiite ihore in the county of Surry ^ am author rized and impowered to grant the ground therein tnefcitaoned* to be made ufe of for holding the intended marker ift-the faid ad mentioned, or any other daufe in the £tod irqritfid. Fifhmongert ad notwithstanding ; and that it shall and may be lawful to and indemnified f0r afty filhmongers holding (hops for the (aloof fifti in aay o# their nlopsfifh right houfes, to fell and expofe to falc any fi(h whatever in bought in the their faid (hops, although they shall have bought the fame in market.	the faid free fi(h market at Weftminfier.	. n;

XL And whereas William Hanmgton fifhmonger bathl on * anftJerable expend* purchased and fitted up for the carrying m bit trade and bufinefty a certain meffuage or tenement finest* ftrBjidge Street in the city of Weft minder* and within the diftanre offive hundred yards from the faid free fifty market, and witi hr m great fitfferer if he Jhould he refrained from carrying on and txereifioghe Truftee? to faid trade and buftneft in the faid boufe,, without receiving mpropef fla ^ t'*am rciomPence afJd Jatisfaftion for fucb damages and exponces as. he may looTnHieu thereby fufiain and he put unto ; be it further Graded by thft ad* of damages thority aforefaid. That the faid truftees, or any five oraond for being re- them, shall be* and are hereby authorized, direded and ian* (tirinnefi(h°n P°were^> t0 pay t0 the frid IVMiam Haningtorty hit executors withm a ctr- or adminiftrators, before Michaelmas Day next* the sum of two tain diftance hundred pounds, being a proper recompence and fatisfa&GD of ti*e mar- for the lofs, damages and expences, he may Attainor be put no* *ct*	to as aforefaid.

Hirtm^ron XII. And be it further etladed by the authority afore&id, exempted That the faid William Hanington shall not be fuhfeder liable from penalty unto any the penalties or forfeitures inflided by thaa a<5k oix fucb near thegmar- Per^on an^ persons as shall fell, or expofe to dale* in anyhoufe, kejajiplbr houfes, (hops, (tails or (landings, any kind of ftfbvihatfoever,

• r	■	.i	■	<;.	i'Jifi	viuijti atkhia



Anno Vioefimonano GhohOji H. c. $9.

within fiVc hundred yards df the faid free fHh market, until *?<>kbrpaid Atfuhaelmdt Hay next, and until fuah time as thefoid fum of twe him* hundred pounds (haU be.paid hnte him as is herein directed to be paid as afote&id; any thing herein contained to the contrary \ thereof, fit any Wife fKrtwithftanding.

XIIL And stobereas the fotd truftees appointed by the /aid recited a£J wan impowered end cmthorkccdby the Jaid atf> to affign ovtr the tells and duties made payable thereby^ as e fecurity for fuch fum or fums of money i as the /aid truftees might have occafion to borrow to difcharge the expends of laying out, making and ere&ing a cmtnoii-* out plate forth* faidmarkeU and'other necessary expemes that Jhould attend the execution of the fold aft : and whereas the faid tolls and duties bdvenot produced any fum. or fums /efficient in any ivife to pay an dfhargt'tht principal or interefi-money borrowed by the faid tru* flees* Ppon the fend tolls and duties, and they have power and author rity only to apply the money that/hall arife by fuch tolls andduties^ in '	’

paying tht fame j be it therefore further ena&ed, That it (halt Truftees may and may be lawful to and for the faid truftees, or any feven or afiignoverany natane of them, from time to time* at a publick meeting to be rcicrved rents, held by them for that purpofe, by any writing under their hands	a

aodfeal.a, to aflign over all or any annual or Other rent or rents, any money fum or fams at money, profit or produce whatfoever, which they shall bor-hawe been of may be, referred or made payable, in or by any row on this or grant* leafc, contract or agreement, made or to be made, by th®recited and between the faid truftees, and any person or persons what- aL * fbevev, for the ground and premises affigned by virtue of the faid reoiled a<ft, for holding the faid fith market, or any part of	*

foch ground and premises, or from, by, or out of, any building	•

or eredtion, buildings or cre&ions, thereon eredted and built, or to be ere&cd and built, as a fecurity for fueh fum or fum* of money, as the faid truftees shall have occafion to borrow, for the purpofe* of the faid recited and this present a&, to fuch person or persons who shall advance and lend the fame, to fe-cure the payment thereof, with fuch interest as shall be agreed upon, not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum \ and Application of the faid truftees shall apply the money which they shall fo the moeics . r borrow, to the difeharge of fuch debts, as have been contracted b^rowcd# 7 by the faid truftees, in executing the faid recited adt, and in	!

Sing to the faid William Hamngt&n^ his executors or admi-

raters, foch fum of two hundred pounds as aforefaid; and	1

for foch ufes, intents and porpofes, as the (aid truftees, or any number of them, are impowered by this or the faid recited act, to apply fuch monies as might arife by fuch tolls and duties as aforefaid* any thing in the faid adt to the contrary riot with-(landing.

XIV.	And be it further ena&cd, That fo much of the faid part Ofthorcf recited adt, gives allowanceor liberty for the expofxng to fal£, cited act,, with or exchangiag for aay ocher goods, any cf the several kinds of t elped to the fob therein , deferibed, and under the dimeniions as are prohi-^ bitedbytheJiafot* in the faid recited a& for that purpofe* anil basin before mentioned* in cafe the fame are taken with a hook, iiGeo.a. c.49.

LI 4	andf‘»t«

 

£2$>	# Anno MteafimortM^	^	40.	{£

vaad fo notfiL or capable of being prefervod-*live* ^ and the fame is -hereby repealed accordingly^ thetfaJd Recited aft* or anycUufe* matter or Thing, thcrcia combined {•the .contrary many wife not whhdandjng.	v.

Penalties pay- , XV. And be it further enacted by theauthority afpr^&W, citldbaa’;Thstt fuch part of the penalties which by the M rt4*ted *&, the poor of are to be paid to the poor of the parish where the pfffeficfcf* the parifh, to, committed, be paid to the troftees mentioned m.thfcfMtafttt-be paid for ed a£l, or fuch person or perfoqs ns they* or anyfi veJof, them the tnjftees^0 aPP°illt» to *ta increafe of the furphis #f the ts4bhand and to be ap. profits thereby appropriated to tberpmtif^o^iof^^pfurmititffs pied m put- to filhermen, mailers of (hips, or feme other person or fwrfoos ting out ap. employed in the fca fervice; any thing in the faidreeifiwJv *$Kto prentices. the cQu^^y thereof nowithftanding: and further*] ^hptdH[tad Trufteesof every the truftees appointed and to be appointed ead*T *h* fcu-the former thority of the faid recited a&, shall and are hereby- impefwqrftd <ftf to put this to execute this, as well as the faid ivcitedadl; and aUefHtryeTy t^n” &cCCn^	C13U^C an<^ claufes contained in the (aid recUed\*dk,

1 ’	(land in full force, except fuch parts thereof as are akprodthy

this present a<5l.	«*-f	01

Limitation of , XVI. Provided always, and be it funher ena&ed hynyWnp-aaious. thority aforefaid, That if any adtioa or fait shall becomnitaoed againft any person or persons, for any thing done in, pwdoante of this a<5l, every fuch adlion or fuit shall be brought wMttfYiix months next after thcfa& committed, and not afterwards a «dd shall be laid or brought in the county or place wherefechntf-fience shall be committed, and not elfewhere; and ttadcfafrfl-ant or defendants, in every fuch a&ion or fuit fo to bohfcotight. General ilTue. /hall and may plead the general iffue, and give this ocVimi tfce fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had therdbporn tad that the fame was done in purfoance and by the fttfthffttydDf this a<£t 4 and if it shall appear fo to have been doe**	t

fuch a<9tion or fuit shall be brought after the time* lwfeedfor (bringing the fame as aforefaid, that then the jury shall dirirf Jbr the defendant or defendants \ and upon Tuch verdi^ 4>rtlfl!fche plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfuited, or difeonriiTi&feis ,a<3tion, after the defendant or defendants shall hav« a^p<ar4d; or if uppn demurrer judgment shall be given againft theplajjlbff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and mayrifteeyer Treble cods, treble Cods, and have fuch remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any cafe by law.

CAP. XL. ' ,;r'^

jin aft	to improve, widen, and enlarge	ev&md

through London Bridge; -r'rvC3

' ' w f i V* *	*»*.; *<TL?

WHEREAS the paffage ever and through, Lankin Brii%e is very, dangerous and	it is, ab/ehtrFf ntitf-

Jdry immediately to widen and enlarge (be-/ante, an/tht , and enlarging the /aid bridgeand *n* or more of . the arches thehsf,

, will be 0/puli tel	utility, e/great. trade and ttffbnttte^molt

“	tbt

 '

475^-71	Anflo Vicefitrto rtono OEDROH tk to 46.	ap3

Ibi napIgttlfotPUptrtfbt ritoto Thames more faft'dtii fih&e^

gf taffy btili til1the preftrbatUn ofthe lives of bis Mtijcftfs JuhjV&i

paffing kw&Ut through tbefoid bridge: and whereas in drdir to the

fame, it isneceffary that the houfes ^ edifices, and buddings on ib&fold	^

1 bridgei and Jonre houfes and edifices contiguous thereto, Jhouid bt taken Mown and removed : may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majesty, that it may be edadteti 5 anchbe it enafled by the King's moft excellent triajefty, by and with the advice and confent of ~lhe lord* fyfrifuai and temporal and commons in this prefertt ^’parltamfertt^fltaibled, and by the authority of the fame. That the mayor, aldermen* and commons of the eity of London, m common eotmci! aflimbled, (half with all convenient fpeed after 4He tv^ertty’fdurth day of June one thousand feven hundred and couocii^are i fi*y!cbntra&and agree for the purchafing (if they can) of impowered to ttH bbnfei, tenements, edifices, erections and buildings, now purchafe and itBttdtngOr being on the faid bridge, or contiguous or adjoin-	'

vfnjgthereto (which do not belong to the mayor and commonalty JJi coimgti* •nd lltfa&ns of London) which the faid mayor, aldermen andousto, tho.r vCommons,in common council aflembled, shall judge neceflary bridge, to be taken down and removed, for the enlargement and im-^OVtfnteht of the paflage over, and the avenues leading to and i frwi' the faid bridge ; and that upon payment of fuch fum or fums of money as shall be agreed to be paid for the fame, and ^ in cafe rt6 agreement shall be made for the fame, on making ’ fatisfa&ion in manner herein after mentioned, to all owners of,

’and perf<m$ interefted in foch houfes, tenements, edifices, erec-tiortsond buildings, not belonging to the faid mayor and com-v itionafhv, and citizens of London ; and to the leffees and occu-

*	Jridrsor all houfes or tenements which shall be ordered or deem-r <d neccfliry to be taken down, and of all ground which shall j be dee tiled neceflary to be laid to the faid bridge for the enlarge-

-	tltefit thereof; the faid mayor, aldermen and commons, in 1 Common council aflembled, are hereby authorized and required

-	with all convenient fpeed, afterwards to caufe to be taken down ttllfuch houfes, tenements, edifices, eretftions and buildings, and

-	dlfo fbeh houfes, tenements and buildings on and contiguous to ‘the fold bridge, which belong to the faid mayor and commonalty and‘citizens, as the faid mayor, aldermen and commons, in common council aflembled, shall deem neceflary and proper to

be Taken down for the purposes aforefald i and sufo to caufe the and to widin materials thereof to be removed and taken away, after any fuch °?c.ornK?l houfes, tenements, edifices, erections and buildings shall be taken	*	*

down; and likewife to widen or enlarge one or more of the ' arches of the faid bridge, as the faid mayor, aldermen and commons, in common council aflembled, shall from time to time judge neceflary and direft ; and this 26k shall be fuflicient authority to ihdemnify them and all persons authorized by thbm for fo doing, as well agairift the laid mayor and commonalty and citizens, as againft the heirs, executors, adminiftrators and afligns, of ah' and every the owners of, and all other perfona 'iotertfted io tony fuch hotUes, buildings and ground, and the

*	leflees





S'

£*£	Anno	vtoefimo nctae OwRfiii Hi & 419ft	f 1^56.

ittfbes amt occupiers thereof, as if the fanie had btoettffailfi by deed of feoffment, bargain and fale, or other aflbf Juice rtt the lew whatsoever.	'	:

IL And he it farther erwfted by the authority a&ttfalfi,'That and to defign the fa id mayor*, aldermen and tettimotts. in C6bittt&tt Ct^incil how the pal- aflembled, fball alfo, from time to time, defign, tdtijjn* end lay fege may be ^ hownnd »n what manner, and with .what material*, «bc paK fife and com- ovcr and through the laid bridge shall be widefittd* feftterg-modious, and cd* and rendered more fafe and commodious, and hotf ¥he fewic, the bridge and the faid bridge, may, and (hall* from time to time* pre~ preferred. ferved and kept in good repair and order, and (hajj make contrasts, and do all other matters and things rtquifite for oarrytng on and effe&ing the purposes diretfted by this a<& to 4>e doec^ and for cauling the feme to be effe<5lually perfected, ds to thta shall feerti meet,

A troTIeftrade Hi. And it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority afbfa-to be erefted feid, That the paflage over the feid bridge shall be fteEtf&dand ^^l^^^preferyed by a proper and uniform ballullrade to bfe ert^ed on the bridge * cach	an(j that the faid paflage shall be focty five

feet wide, if it will admit thereof, and laid out in mahiier ftere-and a paflage in after-mentioned; that is to fay, The paflage for carriage^ cf ji feet to horfes* and other cattle, shall be thirty one feet wide j and th* be opened for footway* for paffengers on each fide of the feid bridge, S7even*feet be feven feet wide; and the faid paflage shall be made and con* lor foot paf- tinued Cafe and commodious in all refpedts, by fuch ways, and fengers. in fuch manner, as the mayor, aldermen and commons* in common council alTembled, {hall order or direct.

Lamps to be IV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefevd. That fuch convenient and fufticient number of glafs lamps/ of fuch fort,and fartuon* and put up in fuch parts and plates of tfe« feid bridge, as to the faid mayor, aldermen and cOtnmOfls^of ^	the faid city, in common council aflembled, shall feem meet

and expedient, (haH be with all convenient fpeed, after th6 feid bridge shall be widened, enlarged and repaired, in maniw*al herein before is directed, ere&ed and fixed upon proper pans ft? to be kept places of the feid bridge; and the fame shall yearly and every lighted from year be kept lighted and burning from fun-fetting tofan-nfiwg fun-fetting to throughout the year; and that the faid mayor, aldermen and fun-riling 5 commons* in common council aflembled, shall from tiaaa to time, after any houfes on the faid bridge shall be taken down and a watch ht purfuance of this ad, nominate and appoint fuch a ttuotbwr to guard the of able-bodied watchmen as they shall judge neceflary and pr^

I per to be kept upon the faid bridge, for the fafety and- Protection of persons palling over the fame, which watchmen 1& to be appointed, shall be fubjedf to fuch rules, orders ami dire&idn$i as (lull from time to time be made by the faid mayor, aldermen and commons, in common council aflembled, and removable to be defrayed their will and pleafure, and the expence of buying and o »t of the ing of fuch lamps or lights, and alfo the yearly chdrgjes ofkipi budge elUtc. plying, maintaining and repairing the feme, and tbe ebatges ............................................... *	■ v 1 rhilil

 

5*1

17561)	vfct&matMQ	Gzox&n	1L	c>	46*

and expepw of watching the faid bridge, (hfck be borne aad paid put pf the eftatc and revemie$ belonging to.the faid bridge.

V.	And be it ena<fted by the authority aforefaid, That if any* Penalty of person or persons (hall* from and after the eroding and placing J^laniS ®cc* *he faid temps wilfully or mxlicioufty breakvthrow down, or ex-thigtttfb any lamp that shall be fet up to light the faid bridge^ — of wilfully damage the pods irons, or other furniture thereof, every person fo offending therein, and being thereof convided by the oath of one or more witntte or witneffes, before one or	'

more justice qr juftices of the peace for the city of London* or the	.	;

borough of Southwark, or the county of Surry9 as the cafe may happen* shall he fubjed to fuch pains, penalties and forfeitures, as :are mflided by an ad of the Seventeenth year of his present the femeaiiit-Majefty* intituled. An act for making more off'tttual provijion for fli^d by ad enlightening the Jireets of the city of London.	x7 Gco.a.c.»9.

VI* And for the preventing wilful and malicious damaging or deftroying the faid bridge, or any part thereof, or hindering or interrupting the repairing thereof, or the widening and en-r	>

larging the paflage over and through the fame * be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any person or persons shall Deftroying, Unlawfully, wilfully, and malidouily blow up, puli down or &<:• the destroy the faid bridge, or any part thereof, or remove, destroy or oc take away, any works which now do or shall belong thereto, felonyBWor**f or in any wife dired or procure the fame to be done, whereby the faid bridge or the works thereof shall be damaged, or the lives of pafiengers endangered, every fuch offender or offenders being lawfully conyided thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall fuffer as a felon.

. VII, And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all Materiabof

timber, (tones bricks, tiles, dates, planks, iron, lead, glate, [akcnIdown,

and all other materials belonging or appertaining to the several veftedyn^he

houfcs, or tenements, edifices and buildings, that shall be taken city, and to be

down by virtue of this ad, shall be, and tbe fame are hereby applied m

veiled in the mayor and commonalty, and citizens of the faid

city of London \ and the faid mayor, aldermen and commons, '

in common council afiembled, are hereby required with all con*

veoa&nt fpeed, after any fuch houfes or buildings shall be taken	<

down, to caufe fuch timber, (tones, bricks tiles, dates, planks,

iron, lead, glafe, or other materials to be removed from dff

the premises, and to ufe and employ fuch thereof as they (haU

tee fitting towards the widening, enlarging, and rendering more

commodious tbe paflage over the faid bridge, and under the fams

and what thereof shall afterwards remain, shall either be emr	j

ployed towards reparation of the other eftates belonging to tb?

(aid bridge-boufc, or elfe shall be fold and difpofed of for as much money as can be had or gotten for the fame, as they (haU from time to time deem bed ; and the money arifing by .and from the fale of fuch part thereof as shall be fold, shall goano be applied to and for the purposes of this ad.

VIU. And whereas it may happen that fome persons or bodies por	■	-

ill if I* corporate or collegiate* feoffees in trujl, femes covert, or others%

who





$*4	Anno viecfkno nono Georgii IL c. 40^	[ 1756,

<t/v feifed of jorne houfesy edifices or grounds, whichr mqy be tse-ceffary to be pulled down or pur chafed, and fit out or\ affiantfor widening and enlarging the pajfage over the Jaid bridge,1 or; the eve-nues thereto, <7; aforefaid, /tray be willing to treat and agrpe to fell fnch houfa, edifices and grounds, perfect fo uftful and necejjftry a w»rky but are incapable of felling, granting, or conveying the fame; Bodies poYi- fee jt therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That it shall tw a^o- ^ may ^ to anc* ^0r all bodies politick, corporate or tbersimpow- collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, and all feoffees in ered to fell truft, executors, admin iftrators, guardians, or other trwftees their property whom foe ver, and for all femes covert, and every other person uMay of the ancj pejfoQg whom foe ver, who are or shall be feifed,; poffeued of, or jnterefted in, any fuch houfes, edifices, tenements or ground,

*	to fell and convey all or any fuch houfes, edifices, tenements

and ground, or any part thereof, and all their eftates,, rights, titles and interefts whatfoever, of, in, and to the fame, to the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, and their fuqcdtiprs, or to fuch persons, and their heirs for ever, as the faid mayor, aldermen and commons, in common council aflerribled* fell dire&, in truft for the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens, and their fucceflfors, for the purposes in this a6k contained; and that all contracts, agreements, fales and conveyances, which shall be fo made by virtue and in purfuance of this a<5t as afore-faid, shall without any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries* or other conveyance or aflurance in the law whatfoever, be goody valid and effectual, to all intents and purpofes; anyjafa,<fta-tute, ufage, or any other matter or thing whatfoever to ffiecpn-’	trary thereof in any wife notwithftanding; and that all facty »£r-

ions are and /hall be hereby indemnified for what they do by virtue of or in purfuance of this a<ft.	.	.

IX.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, \Vhere apy That if any body politick, corporate or collegiate, corppt^ruuis \ aB8re£atc or femes covert, or other person or persons what-jot in pn^ f°ever» *n and by this adt impowered and qualified to coptfaA,

- y fell, convey and difpofe qf, any part of the premifles for the purposes herein before-mentioned, shall refufe to treat and agree as aforefaid, or by reafon of abfence shall be prevented•from treating and agreeing, or shall decline or refufe to fell, convey and difpofe of, the premifles, whereof, wherein, or wherewtOr they refpedtively shall be fo feifed, pofleflfed, interefted, or jnti-. - tied, as aforefaid, or their refpedtive rights, titles, claims pr in-terefts, to, in or upon the fame, or any part thereof, unto the (aid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, and their fucceffurs, of fuch persons as the faid mayor, aldermen and commons, ip common council aflembled, shall appoint, for the purpofes^ and or shall not according to the tenor, true intent and meaning of this preieot make out a ti- *5^ or ftiaji not produce or make out a clear title to thepretpif* of aldermen^ t>>eX are in'P°®*®on °U or to the interest they claim thereto* to i(Tbc a pre- to the fatisfadtion of the court of mayor and aidettnen of the cept fcr rl* city of Londony it shall and may be lawful.to and far the (aid fummwtftig a court, and they arc hereby impovvcr«d and authorial to ifibe .	a

ijpj

vented from treating, See.



175^31 Anno vieefimo nono GfcdftGfi If. C. 40;	$?$;

a warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, to the (heriffs Of flier faid city of London, or to the bailiff of the borough of Stutb^ wart, as the cafe shall require, who are, and every of them i*V; hereby authorized, diretfed and required accordingly, to impanel and return a competent number of fubftantral dKinterefted persons, qualified to ferve on juries, and not lefs than forty-eight; and out of fuch persons ft) to be impanelled, ftimmoned ahd returned, a jury of twelve persons (hail be drawn by fome person by the faid court of mayor and aldermen to be appointed, in fuch mariner as juries for the trial of iffues joined in hts Ma-jefty*3 courts at IVefminfter, by an a<ff made in the third year of	.	'

the reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act for the better regulation of juries, are directed to be drawn ; which persons fo ° Geo.* c. *5. to be impanelled, fummoned and returned, as afbrefeid, are direct*, hereby required to come and appear before the faid court of mayor arid aldermen, if the premifles in difpute lie in London, af fuch time and place as in fuch warrant orwarrants, precept or predepts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend there, from day to day, until difeharged by the faid court; and if the pfdmlfles lie in the county of Surry, before the juftices of the borough of Southwark, at fome general quarter-feffions of the peace to be held for the (aid borough, or fome adjournment thereof ; and all persons concerned shall have their lawful chah*1 lenges (but not challenge the array of the panel) againff any of the faid jurymen when they come to be fworn; and the f^ court^y* court 6f mayor and aldermen, or juftices, as aforefaid, aTe here- fummon and by refpe&ively authorized and impowereef, by precept or order,'examine wit-from time to time, as ocCafion shall require, to call before them ncffc# onoath» all and every person and persons whomfoever, who shall be thought neceflary to be examined as witnefles before them, and to exarriihe them on their oath or oaths touching and Concerning the premifles; and the faid court of mayor and afdefrhen^ and dfreftt&V and juftices, as aforefaid refpe&ively, if they think fit, shall and jury tovfcw7 may fikewife authorize the faid jury to view the place or places, the place* m[r or matters iri queftion, in fuch manner as they shall drre&; and the faid court of mayor arid aldermen, or juftices, as aforefaid;* f,,r (hhll have power to adjourn fuch meeting from day to day, a» occafion shall require ; and fuch jury, witnefles and parties, shall attend until all fuch affairs for. Which they were fummoned shall be concluded : and the faid jury, upon their oaths, shall enquire Jury to aiTefi of the value of fuch houfes, ground, tenements, edifices, erec- thc value, rions and buildings, which (hallbe neceflary to be purchafed,* arid of the refj)e<5tive eftateand interest of every person feifedof poftefled'of, or interefted therein, or in any part thereof; and' fuch jury shall aflefs the futri and fums to be paid to every fdCh* person or persons for the riurchafe of fuch their eftates and in- **	*c*

terefts which shall be neceflary to be fo purchased ; and the fold* ^ J ‘ court of mayor and aldermen, or juftices, as aforefaid, shall and* 7	1'	/	,,

may re^e&ftely give judgment for fuch fhm and fums of money and thejouiti #b to be a(?ef?«l ; which faid verdict Or verdi&s* ahd the faid* *°S,V2	'

judgment, decree and determination thereon (notice in	’

*	-*	being





Previous notice to be given to the parties inte-refted.

Verdict of the jury,and judgment and proceedings of the court, to be figped ao4 fealea by the mayor, and recorded.

^	* . < V

Copie* may be taken ACrCof* the fame deemed good evidence.

Upon payment of the purchafe money, conveyance to be executed of the premilTes, in truft for the city.

Anno vitefirTK* nano GEOftori If. C, 40.	£*756.

fcribg given to the person or persons interefted, atleafofburteen days before the time of fuch alTcflmenf, declaring thfcrip&d and place of the meeting of the faid court of mayor and tfrarmen, or jufticea as aforefaid, and jury, by leaving fuch nodfe^t the dwelling-houfeof fuch person or persons, or at his, her orHireir ofual place or places of abode, or with (bme tenant qr ofcctipier of feme of the faid htmfes, ground, tenements, edifices, erections or buildings, intended to be valued and afleflWL, in Cafe fubh party cannot otherwife be found out, to be ferepd' with fuch notice) shall be binding and conclufive to all inieritt and purposes whatfoever, as well againft the Kinj^smajefty,hhik heirs and fucccffors, and al) and every other person and perfohfc, bodies politick and corporate, claiming any eftate, right, tfrlei tfuft, uk or interest in, to or out of the fame, either in pofliuiort, re-verfion, remainder or expectancy, as well infants, and if^ue unborn, lunaticks, ideqts, and femes covert, and persons under any other legal incapacity or difabifity, and all other ceftiif spie trufts, his, her and their heirs, fucceflora, executors and; adtnr-mftrators, as againft all other perlbns whomfoever $ and the faid verdi&s, judgments and decrees, and all other proceedings of the faid court of mayor and aldermen, or juftiecs as ant>refukfv and juries, fo to be made, given and pronounced as affcfefind, shall be fairly written on parchment, and figoed and fealed by the faid mayor for the time being; and fuch verdi&ti judg* norms and decrees, and other proceedings, as relate to, or concern houfes, grounds, tenements, edifices, eredions and handings in London, shall be entered in the town clerk’s office of the city of London; and fuch as relate to or concern any houfes, grounds, tenements, edifices, erections or buildings in the coy rt-ty of Surry, shall be tranfmitted to the clerk of the peace oF the faid county, and kept amongft the records of the quarter-feffions of the "faid county; and the faid verdufts, judgments and decrees, and all other proceedings, (hail be deemed and takehlo he records to all intents and purposes whatfoever; andthefarfie* or (bme copy thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be gqba and effectual evidence and proof in any court or courts of few or equity whatfoever, and all persons may have recourfe fo the fame gratis* and take copies thereof, paying for every c<jpy not exceeding two hundred words, iucpencc; and fo proportionally for any greater or lefTer number of words.

X.	And it is hereby further entiled and declared. That upon payment of fuch fum or fums of money fo to be aftefied and decreed as aforefaid, the person or persons to whom (ball be fo afleffed and decreed for the purchafe of the houjesj, tmements and hereditaments, er for the purchafe of any eftatfc or interest therein, shall make and execute, or procure to btf made and executed, good, valid and legal conveyances and aflii-rances in the law, to the faid mayor and commonalty and Citizens of the faid city, or to any person or persons whom the fsird mayor* aldermen and commons, in common council aflembletf, shall dire# and appoint, and their heirs, in truft, £orithe '&kf

mayor





vfccfima noQo GfioftOn II. & 4*-	$*?

mavpf^M commonalty, and citizen* of the city, of Ma bnyfes, grpund, tenement** edifices, creations and bwiWiogs.flC of foeh cftaje or intereft, for which fuch fum or fume of money foajl.befo.iwarded;. anfi fl)«U procure all neceflary parties. M twwutft fuch conveyances, alignments and aflufances, and shall ^0 all a<5ts, matters and things, neceflary or rcquifit* to make a clear, gppd and perfe# title to fuch premifles, to the (aid mayor and commonalty and citizens qf the laid city, and fuch convey-* antes, aflkoment* and sfluranee*, shall contain all foeb reafoo-able and. ujfu*l covenants as (hall,- on the part of the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens, be required) and in cafe fuch, person or persons to whom any fuch fum or fums shall be (h awarded or due as aforefaid, shall not be able to evidence their title to the premifles, to the faid mayor, aldermen and com- where a good mans in cam man council aflembled* and to make or procure to cannot be beiroad?, good, valid and legal conveyances thereof to the laid'™* mayor and commonalty and citizens, or to' fuch person or per-:ance execu-~ fpns as the faid mayor, aldermen and commons in common) ted, &c. council aflembled, (nail appoint, or shall refute fo to do, being tltereta required, and fuch Aim or fums fo aflefled and awarded, or due. xaaforefeid, being produced and tendered to bo peld to them* on their making fuch title, and executing, and procuring to be executed, fuch conveyances, alignments or afluraoces	'>

as aforefaid, or if in cafe fuch pcrlbn or perilous, to whom fuch or the parriei ! fum or fums.of money shall be fo aflefled or due as aforcfoid,cannotarc "<*£» be be found in the city or county where the houfes, ground, ten*- found* *?•,,* Stents, edifices, erections and buildings, for which the fuma (ball be fo aflefled and awarded, or are due, lie, or in cafe that by rcafon of dilpute* depending in any court of law or equity* or for defe& of evidence, it shall not appear to the (aid mayor, aldermen and commons of the (aid city, in common council aflembled, what person or persons is or are inti(kd j or M if any mortgagee shall refufe to take in his or her mortgage mo- fl,a|| retufeto ncy due on the premifles, after notice given to him or her for take bit mort-foal purppfe as herein before is provided; that then, and in al| gage money, and every fuch cafe and cafes, it shall and may be lawfol to and for the faid court of mayor and aldermen to order the Aim or foots fo aflefled and awarded as aforefaid, as the value of, and purchafe money for, fuch houfes, ground, tenements, edifices, court may pay creations aod buildings, or as shall be due on any fuch mort- the moneys*, gage, to: be paid into the bank of England, for the ufe of the to the bank. , parties interefied in the faid premifles, to be paid to them, and every of them, according to their refpedtive eftates and ioterefts	l

in the faid premifles, as the faid court of mayor and aldermen	-

(ball* by an order to be made by them, direiil ■, and the cafltiec or calibers of the bank of England, who shall receive fuch fum Receipt tw be. god fums, is and arc hereby required to give a receipt or re- given for the ‘ ceipts for fuch fum or fums, mentioning and fpecifying for what !*"'*’ fPe*hy-’ premifles, and for what ufe the feme is and are roojived, to foch 'nr|("1rr"l.'l*td perfon, aaihall.pay foch fum or fums into the bank of England ufes, which ‘ as ai'orf^udi which receipt or'receipts shall be unbred on re- aietobe rtgi-...........	'	cord,	fter<d i

••CVCIU







-i ;i

Prcmiflet thereupon to ▼eft in tbe city atyblutcly.

Court, at the petition of the party intereft-ed, may order the purchafe-money to be ipyenad inthe publick funds in trail ;

and the per-lone intitled to the metric profits, to recover the interest of pur-chafe-money.

Court of aldermen to make an order on die bank for that pur-

AftntJ rliefJtild nbho^Q^TOfl3HV felfA f

citfdi tod^giftered in fuch place, afldhiftrtjh faid verdrift, judgment and other proceeding^; art1 required to be*kept; and immediately on-ftfeh*tetfywfcm!and regrftty, alftheeftatc, right, titte, inter eft, claim and demand in law and equltyj of the perfbrt dr jperfbra for whofe ufe the fame was paid, in, t6 and our Of (Mfcb1 ndtlfe, ground, tenements, edifices, eredttons and btrifcfirtgv flm rift m the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens; apd tb^ftaff be deemed in law tO be in the adhul poflefftorl tHeSf&f;' WaU intents and purpofes, as fully and effedhiaHy as if evdry pcHbrr having any estate in the faid premifles had adhiaPy conveyedftc fame by lcafe and releafe, bargain and fale inrolfed, feoffment with livery and feifin, fine and recovery, or any other lejg^f tor-veyance whatfoever; and fuch payment (half not dcrty WH**!! right, title, intereft, claim and demand, of the pfrfotY aiW ger-fons to whofe ufe fuch payment was made, but affoitialttattehf to, and be deemed and conftrued to bar the dower and'doifers of the wife and wives of fuch person or persons, andwlfc eftatei tail in reverfion or remainder, againft the iflue and iffises of*Wfchr person and persons, and every person claiming under2	.**

cffedtualty as a fine or recovery would do, or would Have done, if levied or fuffered by the proper parties in due form of fcnr.

XI.	Provided always, That it shall and may be lawfalToaod for the faid court of mayor and aldermen, after fuch payment into the bank, and registry as aforefaid, at the petition any person or persons intercfted in fuch houfes, ground, tcnfSiafe, edifices, eretfiofls and buildings, or the monies fo paf£'ftff£6id' bank for the purchafe thereof, or ih refpe6l of any righr or'intereft therein, to place out or invert, or caufe to be ptatei ewf1 or inverted, ftich fum or fums of money, or any part'tfcertbf, in fome of the public^ funds, or on government fccaritits/it intereft, in the name of any person or persons, ainhdr&fcd’aM appointed by the faid court of mayor and aldermen for eha^pur-pofe, in truft, to transfer and aflign the fame to fucb'^rforief persons to whom the money fo paid in foal! belong, on^dkir executing proper conveyances thereof; and iA the mea*

in tfuft to pay the ir.terefts and dividends afKtrrg thetofifoirti fuch person or persons who was or were in pofleflioh<S£ the £6S premifles, at the time of the faid payment into the bank." - *

XII.	Provided always, and it Is hereby ena&ed, Ttfc* iff arid every person and persons, who would be intitled torcdOver lihe mefne profits of the premifles, againft the person of persons in pofl'eflion, in cafe the' fame had not been fo conveyed to *tht faid mayor and commonalty and citizen’s, or by their difedHom as aforefaid, shall be intitled to recover the fum or firms arrifirg, 6r to arife from fuch interest and dividend as aforefiid* by adtron of debt againft the person or persons who shall receive the &me; and the faid court of mayor and aldermen are hereby ttnpowv ered and authorized to make fuch order as aforefetd, on the bank, for the payment of foch fom or fiims of money/ or w!Hy part thereof, as lhali be neceflary, ra order to tbaif bring?

“	VCn(d

4m rWcr«w> n^np	PR4*

v^hgfii ifo	fccurities-r	and the faid m^vor and q^moc^jofe. on which,

altya^o^q*, shall bd quieted in the poffcffionof thqrh9«^t Lb^#^c tob# g^opi^, jf^wents, edifices, erections and buildings,, fpr, whiclit^ir* luch mgflfjfc (full be fa paid as aforefaid, and (hail not he an--fion. fwerable iff accountable, in any epurt of law or equity, for the mempv^i^ fo def^hted and placed out as aforefaid, any other-ufifq than according to the tenor, purport, and true meaning o£	...	,

'XUI- Apd be if further ensured by the authority aforefaid. Mortgagee on That evqry mortgagee and mortgagees of any houfes, lands, te- fix monrfci oements^and hereditaments, which dial! be purclufed in pur-. noticc>

Iqanpe of.this a&, his, her and their heirs, executors, adraini-ftrator^ or afligns, on having fix months notice in writing given to her or them, from the faid mayor, aldermen and com-xnpnf frx common council aflfembled, or any person authorized by thqm, that they will pay off and difeharge the principal and inhered tnopey, which at the expiration of the faid fix months.

£ball he due on any fuch mortgage, shall at the end of the faid fix iqpjjUhs, after .every fuqh notice, on payment or tender of the to principal and interest money, which mall be then due, convey ^iifc*hon>wn-and amgn his, nqr and their refpc&ivc eftates and intcrefts, in deror’pay-and to the (aid mortgaged premises, to the faid mayor and com- menu nippalty and citizens, or fuch person or persons, as the (aid maypr^ aldermen and commons, in common council a(Tembled, shall appoint, in trull for the faid mayor, and commpnalty and citizens* ,and their fucceflors* and ir any fuch mortgagee or mortgagees, his, her or their heirs, executors, administrators or arngns, shall refufe fa to do, then all interest on every fuch 0n mortgage, from the expiration of the. (aid fix months, after any jrttf rca to 1 fych notice given as aforefaid, shall ceafe and determine.	ceafe.

XlV. Am be it further enatfted by the authority aforefaid, Aftc|> ^ That in cafe the (aid xqayor, aldermen and commons of the faid cbafe ma<U, city of	in	common	council	aflembled,	or	any	perfon	tenants tode-

apthorized by them, (hall, after any houfqs or tenements (hal| liver up poflef-be purchaied by them, in purfuance of this aft, give twe'v^earTtt«rn * smooths .notice in writing, to the tenants or occupiers of any fuch houses or tenements, which shall be fo purchafed, who (hail have no greater interest therein refpeftively,' than as tenants at will, or as leflees by parole for a year, or from year to year, to quit or deliyer up the poflefiion of fuch houfes or tenements, at thp expiration of fuch twelve months, then every fuch tenants or	'

occupiers (hall, at the end of the faid twelye months, after every fuch notice, peaceably and quietly deliver up the pofleflion of the premides, (p by him, her or them refpeftively occupied, to	,J

the person or persons who shall be appointed by the faid mayor, aldermen and commons, in common council aflembled, to take podedion thereof; and if any person foin pofleflion thereof, shall refufe to give up the pofleflion thereof, at the expiration of fuch twelve months, after every fuch notice as aforefaid, it shall be	y

lawful for the jaid court ot mayor and aldermen, from time to	.	»

time, to ifluea preceptor precepts to the (heads pf the city of

XXL	"Mm.................Zcnde*\	:	;	.....



Go( e

53°

On refwfal, court to iflae a precept to ther (herift to take poflef-fion,

Anno vicefinro nonoGEORGii-II. C. 40^

London, if'	'	“

tHe Court ty of Surry,

to cauifepoffeflion th	,	.	.

fotts, who shall be in fach precept or precepts ndthirtmed 'io re-ceive the fame; and the fheriffs of the feitf afjr'df fyk&oh, ffjfoV ‘ premiffes shall be within the find 1~ of Surry, the bailiff of the bordog refpe&ively required to.deliver

t or precepts, of the

id dty, and if wjthiW thCdo^tjG . -Jtdoeb of	‘

iver poueflron according to jft(£h' fzia premiffes therein foehudfied, ild'tb .

rliA Kir	*

and, levy the charges.

cution 1 the |_

ted or refufe td pay the fame.

XV. And be it further enabled by the atithoH^r’jlffi <f00*Jn?y-ff That it ihall and may be lawful forthe faid cbuit dr hisdeput'y or sddermen, or juftices as aforefaid, from time to'tfmCy'id' offifer, jury any reafonable fine, not exceeding the sum of teri potrtii andwitnefles, any fheriff or (heriffs, or their deputy or deputies,';b&il , making de-	agents refoe&ively, who fllail make any defauhih thepbtfiim (_

• -5 ,	and on any pdrfons who shall be fummoned atid retQrked^h 'jinV.,

fiich jury or juries, who Ihall not appear, and affo oh atlVwittteuf or witneffes who shall not attend, or who shall dtteriq HnA, re^ fufe to be fworn, or whd Being fworn (hallrefafe fffeJvC' dence, and On any person fummoned and retumed on tucb i Or juries, who shall refufe to be fworn on any facH jury pi^uf or being fworn thereon shall not give his or their verdict,^ v	in any other manner wilfully negledthis or their dm'

touching the premiffes, contraryto the true interit ahd‘‘ of this a Cl, and from time to time to levy fuch fine dr; / order of the faid court1-of mayor and aldermen; tifj aforefaid, as the cafe may require, by diftrelV add ? offenders goods, together with the reafonable cftai#$r ftrefs and fale. fuCh diftrefs and fale, returning the overplus, ifdhy,T3'fb2.

• owner; and all fuch fines which shall fo be recovfcra '5^ IS- . ceived, shall be applied towards the purposes of this^r^j“ f‘ Purchafe mo- XVI. And it is hereby further enaCled and decIaffed ney to be paid authority aforefaid. That the principal money arifirig from to the nominee fa]4 0f any houfes, edifices, lands, (erteihertts tttidhcfei! be Te-in vetted mefrts> which shall be purenafed for the purpofe^ cot^afi 1 in purchafe of f^‘s a<^> °f any body corporate dr collegiate, toVporitl'o othertneffu- gregate or foie, feoffees in truft, guardians, comthftrcefc cj *§«*» &c- fub- truuees, or from any feme coverts, shall be paid tb'ftiefi1 jeft to like as they shall refpedtivcly nominate to receive the farrie' i ’	With all convenient fpeed, to be reinvefted itl thephfd

thef meffuages, lands, tenements and hereditaments,? L • veyed and fettled to and Upon, and fubjedltO the like life "limitations, remainders and contingencies, astfifchc^ fices, lands, tenements and hereditaments, tohi&'ffia chafed from them refpe&ively, by the falartiayol ty and citizens as aforefiiid, were1 fefpeCiiVdy feffl affured, at the time 'of fuch the purctaflflg'of

and levy the

fame by di

#!





Arifto vfcefimo riono GeoRGH II. 0.40#	53*

many thereof, at thp time of making filch convey ances and fetttements shall be exifting, aod capable of taking effe<5U X Vfo And to the intent the paftage over the feid bridge may. always be kept open and rendered more fafe and commodious, arjd be dear of all buildings (except as herein is mentioned) be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That after the After the h^ufrs and tenements intended as aforefaid to be taken down,houfes on the {hall be taiken down, the gjround and foil on which the now (land, {hall lie open,, and be deemed andufed as and publick highway for ever; and that nohdufc or other buildingbe laid open* {hall be erefted on the faid bridge (except fuch gates and toll—\ houfes as are herein provided and directed) and that all carriages and carriages pa fling over the faid bridge from London lhali go on the eaft (idePaffinS°v*r thereof as near as may be, and that all carnages palling over^0™ onnt]£n* the faid bridge to Lwdon shall go on the weft fide thereof as near calf fide* and as may be; and that no coachman or driver shall Hand or plyto London to foY hire with any coach or other carriage whatfoever upon theS°on thc wc^ faid bridge, or leave any empty coach or carriage there; and^j^ not thrift ho carman, carter, drayman or driver of any carriage what-to ply tbr hire fedVer, lhall wilfully remain with any cart> carr, dray, wag- on the bridge * gdh or other carriage whatfoever on the faid bridge, longer than shall be neceflary for going over the lame, or leave any empty carl, dray or other carriage upon the faid bridge; and^^hbifli* that no pdrfon (nail put any filth, dung, afltes or rubbifh on the there. * faid bridge, or do any a£ which may be an annoyance there ? offender in atttl If any coachman, carman, carter, drayman, waggoner or either cafe, to driver, shall offend herein, or any person mall annoy any part he earned be-of rh^faid bridge by putting or leaving any filth, dung, afhes or Vabbifti there or otherwife, it shall and may be lawful for any peffort or pfcrfeni to apprehend and take, or caufe to be apprehended and taken, every fuch person or persons fo offending before the faid mayor of the city of London, or fame other justice of the peace for the faid city, or before forae justice of the peace for the borough of Southwark, or for the county of Surry; and e*$ry fuch offender being of any of the (aid offences cpnvidfrd by*Vhdhath of one or more credible wknefs or witnefles, before the mayor or any other fuch juftice, or by his or her confeflton,

{halt for every fuch offence forfeit and pay a fum nor exceeding twifity shillings, nor lefs than two (hillings and fix pence; to go and be applied between the parties informing againft, and Fine to gate apprehending every fuch offender and offenders, as the mayor orthe infornier justice before whom the party or parties offending shall be con-*”j|^Pr8* vtftetf, foall diredl; and in default of immediate payment riiere*^^ ^ of, the offender or offenders shall be committed by the mayor ment offender or jnftjce before whom he, (he or they were convi<fled, if in Lon- to be coai-dm\ t6 the Lmdon workhoufe, and if in the county of Surty% to a houfe of corpc&ion for the faid county, there \o be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three days, as the mayor or fdch justice {hall think fit to erder^ or until he, (he or they fhaft have paid 'thc'money diTefl^d by the mayor or fuch justice .

M m 2	XVIII.	And

to





■ t

63*

Aqno vicesimo qonoGEOjiGii JI. C. 4pf;, h

' XVIIL And forafmucb. asbytht Jqkbfg daom^ buildings whicbartnow jlanfcng Ufgp jU^opJ^ijigp, W f flWp joining than#*, the re&or of thfunM.pwifite ff iMfgftV* ^4 Saint Margarets, New Fifhr?ftreejt, I\^dcyo^wiiiJlf 4kP^1^Pf r(centring the iitbesbelon&ing to bm^^ndwjnfh ari u^f^gm^^ fucb of the houfes on London Bridge*# fire infbfjkwpmfi Pf,**2**1 Magnus; and the nelior of iheparifi of- Saint will be deprived of the cujtomary payments in Upt+pf $kfS yfiyppr* now charged on or payable by the occupiers of fucb’	^fi^bwfs

and buildings now (lauding on London Bridge,. <?j a^ot%the Jaid parijh of Saint Olavc, Southwark; and whereas tbprej^mfk* meats yearly arifing from furptice fees and Eafter ^kyi^^ibe reftor of the (aid united purifies of Saint JbfygW&fm garet, New Fi(h ftrect, and to the reft or of toe. f<^A^ifi ^of Sfiut Olave, from the occupiers of fucb boufes on Londpn W¥*gc* fcW* in the Jaid nfpettive parijbes; be it therefore	^Y,	,au*

After pulling thority aforefaid, That immediately after the doirn the houfes, buildings or tenements, on or contiguo^^c^Mmd tkh^and	bridge, which arc in the faid pariQ* of Saint Adagp#hjUi$^yte

cuftTmary	authority of this a&, all tithes now payable to

payments due faid united parities of Saint Magpies and Saint .Mfrgg^ff^ifJjfW from thence, Fi/b-Jlreet, from any fuch houfes, buildings or tepef^fy^fft^ll cm^the^brufee ** f°r evcr charged on all and Angular the land$, tep^^ts^id Soufe lands, hereditaments, belonging or in the account of the

of the city of London, andythat imcnediately after t^ ptyUZing down any houfes, buildings or tenements, on of the (aid bridge, which are in the faid p?ri(h of Saint ,	warty	under the authority of this adt, all cuftomary pavm^Hs

in lieu of tithes now payable to there<ftor of Saipt\jQfapp. Southwark^ from .any fuch houfes, buildings or	99

or near the laid bridge, which shall be fo pulkddpw^ort^ occupiers thereof, shall Jikewife for ever be ebarg^ppop ^pd Angular the faid lands, tenements and herediiamenu^tm^ to or in the account of the bridge-houfe estate of th^f^defty « London ; and that all fums of money payable as afqi^i^^^^i: Tithes to be in lieu of tithes, shall be paid to the reaors of the (a^dj)an(^ mjidhulf-ycar- 0f Saint Magnus and Saint Margaret y New Fifi-Artf^. andr^nfnt taxes^frCC	*n Southwark refpe&ively, for the time pcingt fiar cyor,

x *	clear of all taxes and deductions by the faid mayor* ^rtapaop-

alty and citizens of the faid c*ty w London, or fuc^ performer persons as the faid mayqr, aldermen and commons, ip foamioo council aflembled, shall appoint, out of the rents andprofits of the faid bridge^houfe eitates, at the two mod ufual feaiftsL^ that is to fav, the annunciation of the«ble(Ied Virgin Mary^.g^e^i^t feaft or Saint Michael the archangel, by equal paymentsju^ enrery ♦ year; the firft payment thereof to begin and c^menpk oi^ of the feaft days as shall firft happen after the puUing cfoi^nany 7l ,5s. ,d. to °f fuch houfes or tenements 5 and that the yearly {urn.of.,(even be paid yearly pounds fifteen (hillings and one pennyv shall be Jike^^f^^as to rc6Vor of aforefaid, out of the faid bridge-houfe eftate, to the .reverend •••d'siint8"11*uu&cr	Gibjfon, curing (Ik time lie {hall continue ft£or

0

 L^ooQle

175§-\ Anno vic^fimo nono Georoii II. c. 40.	ill

of the (aid parifhes of Saint Magnu\ and Saint Margaret* from Margaret, io* rind immediately after the pulling down the laid houfes, in b'eu,l*“ °£fur' of furplice fiscs mi* Eefir cM&imusi dear of taxes; and . thajs^eroftr™

Jrearfy flap of fbufr pounds eleven Shillings and four pence, shall ings; and 4I. ik^wift be paid out of the^aidhfidge-houfe estate to the reve^ *** 4d- to rend mailer	Hughes	redor	of	the	(aid	parifh	of Saint thereftorof

Ofavt, in Tien of furplice fees Eafier offerings, clear of allbaintu ave» taxes, during'fuch time as he shall continue re&or of the laid parish of Srimt O&tv.' v ^ *

1 XIX.* And 1bk&een by Means of pulling dawn and taking away tbs houfe upon thk jaid bridge* andeentiguous thereto* a great deficiency Kml happen in the poor's rates of the find parifhes of Saint Magnus and $amt 'plate's, and the land tax heretofore ujfijjed upon account of fuch houfes* tnujl be raifid and paid by the owners and occupiers of fitch' houfis and lands who Jball remain in the )aid pari/bes* unlcjs fame frfuifion be made by this aft fir the future payment oft he fame; bfcSt'Therefore erta&ed by the authority aforefaid, That fuch city to make Jhare andjptopOrtion which afty houfe or houfes (now Handing goodoutof the ert thefaKr bridge, or contiguous thereto, and which (hallhere- bridge eilate, after be pulled down and taken away from the fame) ufed dop;Hbtrte arid pay, or be charged towards the quota of the land J.atC9 iand tar aflefled upon the faid parifhes, shall from and after the pull-tax, occafioo-frt& down 6f fuch houfe and houfes, be for ever paid to the col- by pulling le$rcfr orrirtk&ors authorized to receive the lame, by the mayor* fj0^1 thc eommonalty and citizens of the (kid city of London* out of the”0 seventies and estate belonging to the faid bridge ; and that there ffialf Jikewiffe be paid by me (aid mayor, commonalty and citizens, out of the faid revenues and eftates, to the oveneers of the poor of ihd faid parifhes of Saint Magnus and Saint Olave's re-ibefliyeify,' fdr the time being, towards the relief of the poor of tne find pkrifhfes yearly and every year, all fuch lum and (urns of ynoney fits the faid parifhes shall be chargeable with on account of ttriy perlbh or persons who already have gained or hereafter (hall

gin any fettlement, or become chargeable in the faid parifhes* fcither of them, on account of fuch part of the faid parifhes Whferertf the houfes which shall be puHed down by virtue of this TOnowftand.	-	•

XX. And whereas by an aft made in the tenth year of the reign JOGeo a.e.ifc yf his prefect Majejfy* intituled* An act for rebuilding the church of'rite parish of Saint Olaue in the city of London* and in the ttofoOgh of Southwark* in the county of Surry* all lands* houfes* ienbttenti and hereditaments* within the faid parifh* were charged* brfd are fill chargeable* with ajjeffments to be made thereon, not exceeding' fix pence in the pound m any one year* of the yearly rent of Jiccrr lands* houfis* tenements and hereditaments* as the fame fbould afclrtdirird and rated bythe land tax* payable for the fame-* two third parts of which afieffments were to be paid by the landlords or aWHtrs* and* the other third pari was to be paid by the tenants or occupiers of fitch lands* houfes* tenements and hereditaments* for and ;towards the experice if rebuilding the faid parish church* and . until ^tbrfqtne fhtuld he finijbiir and whereas the faid parish ■ church, is '*...............i’:	:*a	Mm	3	*	   •	.-.wt-

i* • w-n



Anno vjfefimo oc«5 G&oRajrU,

not ytt JniJbedimi there remain	wfa*4*^i£i^hcti

teen contracted br the faid parifhy onaceoimtif tpi rrbtywte fcfej*** church, which tie /aid pctrijb is now charged vn/h* and	P&J	-

and whereas ftverol of the hmfes charged and ciargedhb. w}$fr thi faid ajfejfmenty will he taken downy and the ground fttbergaae jland will be applied to the ufe of the faid bridge* wberebr fht Jam parish of Saint Olave will lofe the aff'tffmenti charged jqidcbargfaLt and altb the thereon ; be it therefore ena&cd by tn$ authority afarefaifl* pThar rate* charge- the faid mayor and commonalty and citizens of	or

able thereon, Londony shall Out of the rents of the laid brid^HcM^^«rfcre ofSaintOlave. P3? or cau^c to be paid, to tha churchwardens of thf,w^9ari<h of Saint Olave, all fuch rates and fums of money	^pr

would be chargeable upon the faid houfes fo to b*i in purfuance of the faid aft, as if the faid houfes wgr^ i ' Refervation of XXL Provided always, and it is hereby furth^^fi^ pn)1 fetorsC f aut*lor^ly aforefaid. That nothing in this pret^nf $ thePBridge °* tamcd shall extend, or beconftrued, deemed or tak^n ^qr Waterworks. to impower the faid mayor, aldermen and commoh^o^tl city, in common council aflembled, to remove or at the arches under the faid bridge, or any engines in, which now belong to the proprietors of the water-works, or to take away any right which the (a^ pjjMrie-tors of the faid London Bridge water-works now have loathe ufe or enjoyment of any of the arches of the faid bridge* gpfot or kafe from the faid mayor and commonalty and citizen* Vrf . London, for railing water therefrom.	,

If the city XXII. Provided further, and it is hereby alfo eru£ledvThat (kail remove if for the enlarging or altering the faid bridge, or any. Qt’Ae any of the wa- arches thereof, in purfuance of this a<fl, the faid mayor* pilfer* ter pipes, men ancj commons, in common council aflembled*- fh^ajl riefe to be amoved, or taken away, any of the leaden pipes-which belong to the faid proprietors of the faid London Bridge wtafor-works, and now lie on, or contiguous to the faid^u^gc^ fe conveying water from their water-works, then and In fiicS cafe, the faid proprietors of the faid London Bridge water-workp'Jhail have liberty, and they are hereby authorized, at all times? than after, at their colls, to place or lay down, in lieu which (hail* be fo amoved or taken away, other J^dj^jron pipes upon and over fuch part and parts of the faid brjdgp, and contiguous thereto, as lhall be agreed on between them'ahi! the laid mayor, aldermen and commons, in common council .af-fembled; and that until the pipes which now lie on, or contiguous iq the faid bridge, shall be amoved or taken aw*y, the faid proprietors of the (aid London Bridge water-wqv^s are here* by authorized, from time to time, as occafion (half nNjvnfe, and repair the ^ repair or amend the fame; and after the amqval or; taJfog ' fame,	away any of the leaden pipes now lying on, or contiguous, to

the (aid bridge, from time to time, to amend or repair a* oca-flon shall require, all other lead or iron pipes whiefr JhalHKeo after be placed or laid down on, or contiguous to f^td ibri^fc, by the proprietors of the faid London Brijge wafer?wprkf*

the proprietors may lay clown others, wheie agreed

Ain !	>





r75&j Ahno Vitcfimo fibno GtoKOii ll. C, 40,	$$$

thp approbation of the fak! mayor, aldermen, *pd common*,

in common council aflembled, fo as by the doing thereof the

(aid bridge, or any of the arches thereof, be not prejudiced;

and fo as the proprietors of the faid London Bridge water-works

for the time being do and (hall, at all times hereafter, make good fo **

pll damage which shall at any times be done to the faid bridge,

or the pavement thereon, or any of the arches thereof, by the s

taking up, laying down or repairing, any of fuch pipe or pipes,	*

and forthwith after any fuch damage shall at any time be done. .	.

XXm. And for preventing any damage to the London Bridge If in altering water-works, be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,	^

That ff it shall be found neceflary to take down or alter any of WateJ. for the1 the piers of the faid bridge, in order to enlarge any of the arches water-works thereof, and thereby the raifing of water by the faid works shall A»ll fee prejudiced ; that then and in every fuch cafe the faid mayor, pldermen and commons of the faid city, in common council a body of w*-aflempled, (hall, and they are hereby required on complaint and ter tof.that^ proof of fuch damage, to flop or pen up, or caufe to be (lopped	^

dr pent up, a like body of water as shall be difeharged by the P taking down or altering any of the faid piers, for the ufe of the proprietors of the faid water-works.

XXIV.	Andforafmucb as the widening and enlarging thepaffjge aver and through the faid bridge before mentioned, and the pur chafing fuch houfes, edifices and ground as aforefaid, and ihe making fatij-faStion herein before dire fted^ will be att ended with confederate charge and, expence; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

'That frem and after the faid twenty fourth day of June Addition*! there shall be due and paid to the receiver or receivers, col-^ he Jedtor or Collectors to be nominated and appointed as herein after^^J.^^ }s mentioned, for pontage, or in the nature of a toll, for parting parting over over the fad bridge, over and above the toll now paid and pay- the bridge, able for loaded waggons, carts, drays and carriagespafling over the faid bridge, the following fums of money (that is to (ay)

For every horfe drawing any coach, chariot, hearfe, beflih, The tolls, *

- Jhandau, calafh, ebaife or chair^ over the faid bridge, the sum of one halfpenny.

And for every fuch coach, chariot, hearfe, berfin, landau, calafh, chaife or chair, one penny.

And for every horfe not drawing, parting over the faid bridge.

One halfpenny.

4

XXV.	Provided always. That no hackney coach which shall Hackney , pafs over the faid bridge empty, or the horfes drawing the feme, coachesemp-fhall pay any toll whatfoever *, nor shall any horfe or any coach

or carriage whatfoever pay more than once a day for parting over p^d$but once the faid bridge: which faid refpedtive fums of money shall and a day; which may be demanded and taken in the name of pontage, or as a are veiled ut toll or duty; and the monies to be raifed thereby, and all otherthc W» monids to be received by authority of this adl, are hereby veiled

thc faid mayor and commonalty and citizens of the.feid city

M in 4	of

 )OQle

Sgf	Amio	Vicifimo	nono	Owwcnrrltp c.QpRA

*nor	gfgtarfjit,	and	tbelf	fuceeffors^1	and^thfrfcfbc/Tairdvbvgdpfrwyt

* ' thereof tliall |be paid, applied, difpofed of and aftigbtttab hand for the several ufes, intents and purpofes, and in fuch manner mi is herein "mentioned sind dirtied y and the feid!foayhr{i«(idbfc-*	men and commons, in common council affembleA, orfueh'per^-

•	ions as they ftiall depute, are hereby impcwrefed tdtevy the moll Or duty hereby required to be paid, upon any^pei^hxrtpcrfons who (hall, after demand thereof made, negiedior retufe.topa^

•	the fame as aforefaid, or to deny or hinder ariy paflag* bwerthe **<f may be faid bridge, until payment thereof; which faid tailor duty Aadl levied by di- or may be levied by diftrefs of any borfe or hor fea* br^carriarie ft;els and fale. Up0n which fuch toll or duty is by this w8t impoftdj of hap&i

any other of the goods and chattels of inch person orperfpbras ought to pay the fame; and all fuch horfes orVoodrinayhe detained till fuch toll or duty, with the reafonaole'Uhanriss iof /uch diftrefs, shall be paid; and it fhaH be iarfffal ffe the person or persons lb diftraining, after the fpace lof fodrdays after fuch diftrefs made and taken, to fell borfei^r horfes, or other goods or chattels fo diftrained, fdr paymdntrof the faid toll or duty, rendering to the owner or bWti^J&tfrcof the overplus upon demand, after fatisfa&ion of the fi£d^4ii<or duty, and the reaforrable charges in or about tnakiksg fncf* di-ft refs, detaining, keeping and felling the feme^ fhalibededat-ted and paid.	r	<	:.	*	‘/H*?

Gate*and toll* XXVI. And be it enafted by the authority aforefrid^Tliat creaVdonor1^ ^ mayor, aldermen and commons, in comntori uhuhoil pear the

o]

'fidge.

aflembled, or fuch person or persons as they (halt appoant^.ftHllI and may ere& or caufe to be ere&ed a gate or gates, andiattv i tolUhoufe or toll-houfes, upon, in or near the faid bridge# :d?

XX VII. And be it further enaded by the aitthbrit^ i&igfaid. That from and after the faid twenty fourth day or^to/Tdhe thoufond feven hundred and fifty fix there fhallbe du^ahdpiid to the receiver or receivers, collator or collectors, wbo<fbaHrbe appointed by the faid mayor, aldertncn and commons, in com* mon council aflembled, by the owner or owners of edet^r Ady, paid by loaded .barge, vefie], lighter, or other craft having any goods on' boadd, veirelspaflmg every time any fuch hoy, barge, vcffd, lighter or otterevaft ilvill paft through any of the arches of the faid bridge the Several tolls or fums of money foJlowing (that is to fay); -« ; io

TnlU to be

under the bridge,

■O I jh

The toll*.

For evpry hoy, barge, veflel, lighter or other craft having day goods on board not exceeding five tons burthen, theftitnmf tWo pence.,	■ *'»; hnr

For every fuch hoy, barge, veflel, lighter or other cn& hot exceeding ten tons, the fumof threepence. />T>Hcd ,/ -d For every fuch hoy, barge, vefTd, lighter or otherrta& «ct exceeding twenty five tons, fix pence; .	;nr d^tjoul?

And for every fuch hoy, barge, vefjel, lighter nr other ohft 4*bove theburthenof twenty five tons, one (billing; no.i//o to «	and	except	out	offucfotqiis	aU %h> crafr$^sdhillbe

.	,	.'i	L-r	'	A	‘™ - '■) Iji - .Icmsiii bgsied

 

Aio^o »irtSw>a9rxrGjK»<HI,iJi .C/^oA	fejr

loado^oniyt wtth'ftnw, trt«nure, <lwig, cetutoflior Umc^ fplx Exemption*

Slfed^liUjfcfc r !	.	-	,	-

■ ■.! rn ii jl ! i- : ■r*	^	;	.	■	’’	•

AIL Which tolli orfuros t>£ money shall from tknt to time be Payment of pardivithin the (pace 6f throe months after every fuch boy, the faid toils barge,4 vcflM, lighter or otter craft shall have patted through ^bemade the faid bridge; and if apy Owner or owners of any fuch hoy,

.bapgc, vdftl; lighter or other craft which shall fo pafs through f the (aid bridge, shall for <he fpaoe of three months neglecft or • twftife td> pay the tolls or rates herein before appointed to be paid	\

for every fuchhoy, bsrge, veflel, lighter or other craft which i fopU fo pu& through the laid bridge, he and they shall forfeit yuuA payjfor every offonce the Aim of five pounds, to be levied °® Pcnalt7 of : fromrtinae to time by diftrtis and fale of the goods and chattels 5l*

: of Aerdfpedtive owner or owners of any fuch hoy, barge, lighter, veflel or other craft which shall fo pafs through the faid bridge, r together with the reafonable charges of every fuch difhefs and ifrde; aB frhfch forfeitures, when recovered, shall go and be ^applied to the ufes of this &&.

'i XX VIII* Provided always, and he it further enabled by the City may con. authority afbrcfaid, That it may and shall be lawful for the faid pound with inayor, aldermen and commons, in common council aflembled, fatal time to time to compound or agree by the year or other-wife with the owner or owners of any hoy, barge, veflel, lighter of tothttP craft having goods on board, to pafs through the arches	^

i of the (aid bridge for fuch fum of money, and to be paid in	[

fuich manner as the faid mayor, aldermen and commons, in	t

/common council aflembied, shall think fit or reafonable; any	;j

thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding;

,10 XXIX; And be it further ena&ed by the autlmrity aforefaid, Owners name .That from and after the twenty ninth day of Stptmhr one thdu-	ton?***|

feveni hundred and fifty fix the owner or owners of every ^

- hbyv barge, veflel, lighter or other craft (other than fuch crafts	*

vis ane herein before excepted) which (hall, pafe with goods on . botard through any of the arches of the faid bridge, shall canfe	p

her,' her dr their name or names and place or places of abode; <	;

vtogetfater with the tonnage of fuch hoy*, barge, veflel, lighteror	1

other craft to be paifated on feme confpicuous place 6r part there-	’J

of; and the owner or owners of evcij fuch hoy, barge; veflel, lighter or other craft (except as aforelaid) who shall omit fo to v do; (hall, over and beftdes the toll herein before appointed to . . ,v be paid for palling through any pf the arches of the faid bridge, and the penalty herein before infli&ed in cafe of non-payment -thereof, forfeit the film of twenty {hillings every time any fuch on penalty of hoy, barge, veflel, lighter or other craft (other than fuch crafts as are herein before excepted) (halt pafs with goods onboard through any of the arches of the (aid bridge, without having the name or names and place or places of abode of the owner or owners thereof painted on. fame confpkuou* place or part of filch hoy,, barge, veflel, lighter or other craft,/.as < aJfb the ton-	*

-tope thereof; and every fuch forfeiture shall be paid on the

I



I

t^^wudon

convftion to tJ* informer,

tnd may be kvied by di-fcrefs and fale.

Jbftice may iummon defaulter for son nay meat of torn, and iflbe hit warrant for levying thereof. See*

Tolls not rat able to any tax.

Anno vkefimo nono GEOROif IT.46;

ccnpn'Ctibnr qf every fuch offender or offenders bV t&v-fcOr, or their confeffion, or on the oath of one of more creqftile lyitnefr or witneffes t»efore any justice of the peace of the city", Cotirvty? divtfioo or place where fuch owneror owners fhaltfive 6t Dp found, to the person or persons who fha.ll make information Of complaint to fuch justice of any fuch omiffion ordefaultas a-foreoid, and on the offender or-offenders.on fuch conyi^Uon refilling or neglecting to pay the money which fhal! be, forfeited as aforefaid, the fame may and shall be levied bydifttefead,Jit* of the offenders goods, rendering to the owner or owpifs^eij:-pf the overplus, if any, after the reafonable charges of ever* foch diftrefs and fale shall be paid.	;' '*‘;V

XXX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority afdriffkid That it shall and may be lawful for any justice or juftiCfeToftft peace of any county, city or liberty, within whole jufififtAloi any person or persons fubjeCt and ponifhable by this aCl fb, pegleCting or refuting to p,y any of the tolls or fums ofmphey herein before appointed to be paid for any fuch boy, barge, yti-fel, lighter or other craft which shall pats through aijy of 'thh arches of the faid bridge with goods on board, or wh^fft'an negleCt or refufe to pay any compofition money agreed to bepatf by him, her.or them, in lieu of fuch tolls, shall reftde or. bfc found, to fummon before him or them the party or parties aq-cufed of negleCt or, refufal to pay the fame tolls or fums ofts<£-ney or compofition money ; ana on appearance of the pa/rf^ accufed, or on bis, her or their contempt in not appearing,

pn proof on oath by one of more credible witnels or withers of the fervice of fuch fummons or fummonfes on the pattyoy parties againft whom the fame was or were granted, 0? Of 1e£jr> tng the fame at his, her or their ufual place of abode, with fbnjfc person there, of his, her or their family, every fuch j^fc^atiA juftices is and are liereby required to proceed to the examinitfbii of the witnefs or witneffes upon oath (which oath every Ibth justice is hereby authorized to adminifter) and thereupon lb hear, adjudge and determine concerning the matters complained of, and to iffue warrants for recovering the money forfeited or due, by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods, fo as this offender or offenders be thereof Erft duly convicted by any fetch justice in like manner as juftices may do for any offences Committed within tb’eir refpeCtive jurifdiCtionsand every fuch Warrant and aCt done by any fuch juftice, and by any conftabte, headborough, tythingman or other perfon, in obedience to the warrant of any fuch juftice, Ihall be as effectual' in laW, as If Hie fame had been granted or done within the properOf their own jurifdiCtion.	-.

XXXI.	And be it further enaCted by the authority afoteffid.

That the tolls and duties payable by this aCt shall not he rated or taxed for or towards the land tax, church, poor, or any bthCr rates or taxes, ward or parochial, or for or towards theVepairx of any highways.	-	.	'	0 ' ^ ,'

3.	xmifld

J?5&}	GsqRGji IL -9.40,	53®

. XXXII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefeid.Talk, &c. That all and Angular the tolls and duties raifed and impofedbv vcfted this aft, and all other mouey which(hajl be levied or recovered, appfiedfor^t^ or received by virtue hereof (hall, from and after the faid two* purposes of ty fourth day of June> be and the feme are hereby vetted in the this aft. faid mayor, commonalty and citizens of London^ and their fucr ceflQr$i and the money arifing therefrom shall be recovered, accounted for, paid and applied in fuch manner, for fuch time, and for fuch purpofes, as by this aft is direfteth

XXXm. And for of much as the harrowing money upon the credit of this aft will be the mojl effectual method to accompltjb the ends defined thereby \ be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That, the faid mayor, aldermen and commons of the faid city. Common

in, common council aflembled, shall and may, and they are council may

hereby ii^powered from time to time to borrow under the com-

mpn feal of the faid city, upon the credit of the faid tolls and of the tolls.1 J

duties created by this aft, any fum or fu«is of money at‘a rate

or rates of inteceft not exceeding four pounds.per centum per

annum> which faid money fo to be borrowed shall be applied to

the purposes of this aft.

XXXIV. And to the end the faid tolls and duties may be duly accounted for, be it further enafted by the authority aforefeia.

That it shall and may be lawful to ana for the faid mayor, aldermen and commons of the faid city of Londony in common council aflembled, to nominate and appoint a proper jperfon or Clerk and persons to be their clerji or clerks, and fuch other officers un-dir them, fgr the execution of the powers hereby vetted in ^V0**** them, as they lhall deem proper ; which clerk ^or clerks shall write and keep proper entries from time to time of all fuch matters, proceedings and things, as shall be dene in purfuance of this aft; and likewife to nominate and appoint fuch person op persons to be receiver or receivers, colleftor or colleftors of the coUeftor* to laid tolls or duties, as they shall think fit, who shall give fecu- gjvc founty. rity for the due accounting for, and paying into the chamber of the faid city of London, the monies by them collected, and for their honefty and good behaviour in their office or place of colleftor or colleftors, receiver or receivers y and all persons by this aft liable to pay the faid tolls or duties, or any of them, are ToWs t0 ^ required to pay the fame, after the rates aforefeid, to fuch re- paid to them; ceiver or receivers, colleftor or colleftors as aforefaid; and all who are to fuch receivers and colleftors shall refpeftively pay the feme into Pa7 fame the chamber of the faid city of London, and shall alfo upon oath chambe^6 {if thereunto required by the laid court of mayor and aldermen) give in a true and perfeft account in writing, under their re-lpeftive hands, of all money which they and every of themflttll to fuch time have received* paid and dilburfed by virtue of this aft, or by reafoo of their refpeftive offices; and the faid mayor, aldermen and commons of the faid city of London, in common council aflembled, shall and may, out of the monies arifing or to be received by the faid tolls, or otherwife, by yirtue of this Salaries to be aft, mako fuch allowances unto fuch receiver and receivers, col- flowed to of-/	1 ‘7 ‘	6	leftor**rg'

Common

council may ccNa^gmid.

Collector never to keep

f^A	A^no	nono	G^o^GII 11^	£4556.

;:o ,lc^pr and coUeftpf*, and all other pfficers and persons tabc cm* Jaj.n*' plpyedby or un<Jer them, for their care and pains in tJhief&etiuWori of tneir ^(pe<^iye offices, as they tfieTaid mayor, alcfdi4rieri *rrd commops, ^ cpmmon council aflemhled, from tihne;\o kime Cotle&ors not shall think fit arid reafonable; and in cafe ahyTuch leC$V^r &r remaking due ceivers, collector or QQlleftors of the aforefaid tolls ojr ^tifes/fo *° Pai^ 315 a(ore^aic^> or any of them, shall not make fydh^Cr and payment, as by this ail is dlrefted, according Jto the orders and directions of the faid 'mayor,, alderm^ ano 'commons, in common council afiembled, then any juftlceof1 j&Tfices of the peace for the faid city of London shall commit fifih party or parties to his Majesty’s gaol of Newgate, there to Y&pam without bail or mainprize, until they shall have made sf tWe account and payment as aforefaid, or compounded for'	fame

with the faid mayor, aldermen and commons, in commotf cil aflembled, and paid the money by every fuch bc^p6f^tj6hJ ftipulated to be paia; which compofition the faid maybi:, aider-men and commons,, in common council aflembled, at=e: fiereby authorized from time to time to make and receive, iftbey-lhafl fo thipk fit, in full fetisfaftion for all money that fhall'beihed due from fuch person or perfons.	'[r:	;A	'

XXXV,	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid That every receiver or colleftor of any money payable by v if toe of

more thapjob this aft, shall pay the money he dr they shall receive, ’ihto the dumber of the city of London, as he or they shall receive the tfo* toUt/but fame, in fuch manner that he or they shall never have a fEmd to pay tbe. exceeding fifty pounds at a time in his or their hands ter the lame; into the, fpacq of ten days, provided the faid chamber of London Be open chamber, ^ receivc the lame; and if any fuch receiver or colleftof ftiatl keep or retain in his hands more than the faid futri df fifty pounds longer than ten days, he and they shall respectively (of-<m penalty of ^ a°d pay the sum of five pounds for every offence, df W Well ^t.7 he or they shall be convidled before the mayor of the faid dityof London, or any justice of the faid city, by the oath of any one or mpre credible witnefs or witnefles, or by his or theiriCQrifeif-fipn $ all which forfeitures shall be levied by diftrefs and faJC of the offenders goods, rendering the overplus, if any, after the reafonable charges of fuch diflrefs and fale shall be paid, to the ’	pwners thereof, and shall be recovered and applied to rile tries

of this aft.	*	.	-	v;,..

XXXVI.	And be it alfo enafted by the authority aforefifif, That the chamberlain of the faid city of London for the time being^ or fuch of his clerks who shall be appointed by him for this purpofe, shall be obliged, and he and they is and are herteby required to give receipts for all money which shall be paid into the faid chamber of London in purfuance of this aft, wkhbtit fee

Vi 'or reward % and that the faid chamberlain of the faid <5ty'j&Lsit-|f; ' don for the time being is hereby authorized and requffCcL'brit of aifA’ttjflu*,>’ ^	wh*?fi shall be fo paid into xhe faid chapifalrof tli£

rfitf.i	fa fd city of London, under this aft, and fo far as the fa rile will

wdtf fnamtiie extend or be fuffi^ient, from time to time tp anfwer aiifl JWv all

‘’"1 - v:;	'	>J'	*	*	’*	'	"	Jams

Chamberlain to give receipts for the aioney $

*75^} 'Ann6 vlkffmo note OioaSftTCtS' 4$	£#

whicli' (hall' Jbe'dfawn -upon'ti?ofdj^dfl’ tyVcommoa be pafq3y;thc faid mayor,. aldermen and commons drth6 (ilacoulu^ city of f^ghdon* in common council aflembled, for orm Vcfpfedt of any rthing which shall be ;dpe or payable by virtue t>f pr unr «fer thisijft.	\.	"	;-i r*

XXX VIt And be it furtherf enafted by the authority aforefajd,

TlW there shall he provided and kept by the chamberlain of di$buTSi^^ the. of London for the time being, one or more book or J® books, *0 which all the receipts and diiburfements gf the money br^he arifing <md received by virtue of this aft {hall from time to time chamberlain* fe f^hrly fet down aon entered, truly exprefliog the times when, and tn^names of the persons refpeftively from and by whom the iamp were fp received, and to whom and for what ufes or

Siuruofes the fame shall have beendilburfed ; and an account of	r 1

uch receipts and payments shall be fairly drawn out and dated,	. ,,,

and figned by the faid chamberlain once in every year, and de-ljvered by him to the faid mayor, aldermen and commons of the (aid city, in common council aflembled, who are hereby im-powered from time to time to audit, or caufe the fame to be audited, and to fettle the fame; and after every fuch audit (hali he(ipadc, the chamberlain pf the faid city of London for the time $£[ngtfhfill yearly lay before each houfe of parliament a true and Uid hb~> copy of every .fuch account or an abftraft thereof, within twenty fore paHia-9 days aifcr {he opening of everyfellion pf parliament.	ntenti - *''*

, XXXVIII. Provided likewife, and it is hereby al(o further p6wef^f p^, enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all and every the pow- tmgthisaS^ exM,nd authorities in and by this aft given and granted to the in mayor, .aldermen and commons of the faid city of London* in common council aflembled, shall and may at all times hereafter bp exercifed and performed as fully and effectually to all intents find puepofes whatfoever, by any committee who fhafl be ap* pointed from time to time by the faid mayor, alderinen and :• t o- V commons of the faid city of London, in common council affem-	•

bled for. putting in execution this aft, or performing any mat* ter$ hereby direfted to be done, according to the authorities Which from time to time by the faid mayor, aldermcnand commons of the faid city of London* in common council affembledi fhaJi be delegated or given to fuch committee; and that all and	>

every afts, matters and things which at any times hereafter shall be dope, or tranfafted by any fuch committee who shall be ap* pointed as aforefaid, shall be as valid and effectual to all intents agef purpoSes whatfoever, as if the fame were or had been done, tranfafted or performed by the faid mayor, aldermen and com- .. ti* jnons of the faid city of London, in common council aflembled s any thing in this aft before contained to the contrary thereof in any. wife notwithftanding.	'

_ XXXIX, And it is hereby alfo enafted by the authority afbrfc- Order of jufti-faid. That no order which mall be made by any justice or juf- j^!c ££* tices by virtue of or under this aft, or any other proceedings t6 qttaihed foe.w be torching the conviftion or convictions of any offender waarofform, jQf offenders againft this aft, shall quafhedor vacated for want

***•

Ferfbns aggrieved may appeal to the ftflions.

Anna vicefimb nono Gborcifi IL	A

of form only; or fee removed or ternoveable	^or

ally Other Wrft br proeefo WfiaHoever, intaahy of hrs ftiQelSy** coortscf record atWejbnirijtot,	" J • ' * 7

XL. Provided always, and it is hei^yfortl^tttfdted by thfc authority aforefaid. That in cafe any.*perfon or persons shall think him, her or fhemfeWes aggrieved, by any orders ^ proceedings. of any justice or juftices of the peace, whjckftull be made or had under this ad*, it flull and may be lawful for fitch person or peafons to appeal to the juftices of the peace at their next general quarter-feflions of the peace to be held for th* county, city or borough m which any-warrant (halt h? fogranfr* td, or order fomade ; and the juftices of fuch faid generdf^toin-ter-feflions are hereby required to* bear and finally determine every fuch appeal and appeals, and shall award to parties for whom fuch appeal (haU be determined, fuch cofts as to them m their diferetkm shall feetn reafonable, and shall raise and levy by their order or warrants fuch cofts as shall be aw^rd-ed by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chattels of any period* or persons who shall be ordered to pay the fame* , m ~ v,, XLI. And be it further enadtod by the authority afcse&id* pairing this aft That all the cofts and charges of obtaining, or ty reafon of to-bt paid out paffing this adl, (hall, as foon as may be, be paid o\itpf tbe v ®ioney to be raifed and received by virtue thereof. . n A 4 TollsUcon- XLII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority oforeifak^ That the several tolls and duties hereby appointed to berailed and levied for the purposes aforefaid, fttall have continuant* tn^ be received, had, raifed, collected and taken, until fuch tiiqcusd the money which shall be borrowed by virtue of this toft, the interest thereof, shall be fully fatisfied and paid.

XLIII. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefei^^ri^ if any adtion shall be brought, or fuit commenced aeam(i^p^ person or persons for any thing done in purfuanoe oT thbftfy or in relation to the premifles, or any of them, fuch adidfr b* fuit shall be laid or brought within fix months next affci^tWf fadt doneand shall be laid or brought in the city of London 6i county of Surry, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in fuch aftion may plead the general itfue, and ^ this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial tb he had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuanoe and byamr thority of this adt; and if the fame shall appear to havohtw fo done, or if any fuch aftion or fuit shall not be brought Within the time before limited, or shall be brought in arwothe^A county or place than as aforefaid, then the jury shall Bod for * the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintifta lhalt become nonfuited, or fuffer a difcontinuance of his, her or their adlion or adtions t or if a verdidl shall paft againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs ; or If upon demurrer judgment shall be given gainft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the faid defendant Or shall have treble cofts, and shall have fuch remedy for ;recoyer*i ing the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or tav* for1 colU in other safe* by law* *	*	1	?	r“	~	:	<w

XLIV.

Court may

tprard cofts.

Charges of

tinue till the principal and interest of money borrowed be repaid.

Limitation of fcftions.

General ifiuc.

Treble cofts.

175^*3' Anno viccfifno iWK>GEOAGHlf^C.4f,*~4&*	$4$

ltXUV- Apjl it is hereby further «oa<fted, That thira$flttll/Publ»ck aft. be tVwtpwl £ publick a&,,and fc»|J be nricennqtio* by all judges, juftices and other perfect* whatfeever^ without jading the fame. ,	,

••• r-..	.	. ■ CAP. XL!.

An aft 'ftrrtxfiHWung andatilindHgtWo a#s dfpariiarfteitt, oneniaefejn the eleventh year of this Majfcfty'S Htfign {Fdt r’ephfring the roAd JHm SboredtUb church, through Haeknej to Stanford Hill, and croft Cambridge Heath oyer Bethnal Green, to the turnpike at Milo End in.the county of Mtdr . dtefex) apd the other m&fc in the twenty fixtn year of his Majefty’r retgri (For etdarghrg tbMerid and power* granted by the faid former ad)

•md for impowering the truftee* to weft and maintain lamps, and keep » guard, upon the £ud roads in the night-time.

CAP. XLir.

A&atf <W enlarging the teemertery or church-yard of the parHb of Siitf •> 1 Mary Newington Butta in the county of Surry.

;	\	cap.	XLiti.	"	|

An act for making and widening a road from thce&ft fide of the parish of * Matthew BefhnaJI Green in the county of Middlefe*, to the eail ' end of Church Street irt the faid parilh j and to open a way or fOad into flhorttritfb» and keeping the fame in repair,	*	d

;	CAP.	XLIV.

Aril# to enable the truftees for repairing Old Sfreet toad, to repaid widen, and make a road from the fign of the Red Lion on Windmill Hill, through Worlbip Street, to the Ditch Side next the eait fide of |My Well Mount, and through a certain ground to the fign.of. The .

Lopdon Apprentice, In the parities of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard Shoreditch in the county of Midd.lefex j or to lay open, repair, and widen a road from rhe faid Red Lion, through the Dog Bdtf, into the Old itftetroad in the tirid county.

C AP. XLVr.

Aj for repairing and widening the roads leading from ft pond belongs itog to Henry Eyre efquire, in the parish of Whiteparifh in the countjf

SfWilts, to the top of Dunwood Hill > and from thence over Great ridge and Middle Bridge, through Romfey infra, to Hundred Bridge In the county of Southampton; and from thence to the county of the town of Southampton.

V	CAP.	XLVI.

An a& for repairing and widening the high roads from fiafingltoke, through Popnam Lane, Suttpn-Scotney andSlockbridge in the Cburity of Southampton, to a place called Lobcomb Corner m the county of * Wilts) and alfo for repairing and widening the road from Spittle-houle qvee Wcy-hih, to Mullen's Pood in the laid county of Southampton.

CAP. XLVII.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effeftual, an a ft made in the laft ieffion of parliament, intituled. An act for efiablijbing, rharntaim/rg, and Vue# governing, a nighty vouch 'within the city of BrifloL

CAP. XLVIIL

An a£l for rebuilding the common gaol for the county of Derby, upon a place^ called Nun's Green, in the liberty of the town of Derby $ and for appointing a proper place for the fate Cuftody of prifoners, until fuch ntn gaol mall be contjHeated \ turd to impdwttr the julticet ot the peach .	,	>	^

f<£.the fg«4	fo p*y the relit .referred to the corporation for the

faid ground, out of the bounty rates*

* * Max	'	"	'

54 4

Anno vxcefimo nono GeorgiiII. c. 49,—58. [1756. CAP. XLIX. '

An a ft for repairing and widening the road from the eighteen mile ftooc . beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the town of Mere in the county of . Wilts, and through Wincanton, to Charlton Houthorn, and from tbence to Milborne Port 5 add from Willoughby Hedge aforefaid, to the weft end of Long Lane in Kilmington; and from wincanton aforefaid, to the Sherborn turnpike crofs>gate, on Cattle Hill j and from Wincan-ton, to Sparkford, in the county of Somerfct.

CAP. L.

An a£1 for repairing and widening federal roads leading from and near i	the town of Brevrton in the county of Somenet.

CAP. LI.

An act for repairing and widening the several roads, from the town of Tewkesbury to Cofcomb Gate 5 and from’ Ifabel's Elm to the top of : Gotherington Hill, in the county of Gloucester $ imd from Tejiceibury to a farm boufe, caUed The Old Blue Belly and to the direftum poll in the parish of Ripple, and to Simmonds Ford brook, and ffara Brecdon to Eckington Bridge, in the county of Worcefter; and from Tewkef-bttry to wainload's Bridge, andto the road opposite to EMtone eborch, and from the market-houfe in Cheltenham, to the turnpike road'from , Burford to Gloucclter, near a tree called Pewfdon Aih in the faid county of Glouceller.	\

CAP. LILr

An act for repairing and widening the several roads leading froa a gate

•	tailed Poole Gate in the town and county of Poole.

CAP. LIII.

An act for the better regulating the nightly watch and bedles, atfd cTean-. ling, enlightening, and paving the itreets, fquares, lanes, and othef paf-fages, and repainng the highways and eaulways, and regulating the poor within toe parilh of Saint Mary le Bone in the county of Mki-dlefex.	.	.	,

CAP. LIV.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the top of Hambam Hill, near the city of New Sarum, in the county of Wilts, through the towns of Blandford Forum and Dorcefter, to a certain intrenchmcnt do Askerwell Hill in the county of Dorfet.

// CAP. LV.

An act to amen^ and render more effeftual on aft pafled in the twenty fixth year of the reign of his present Majelly, for amending feveral

*	roads leading from the city of Exeter.

CAP. LVI.

An act for amending and keeping in repair the roads leading from Mead Brook, which divides the parilnes of Pucklechurch and Mangottfield in the county of GkmCefter, to Chriftian Malfprd Bridge in the county of WiJts, and alfo from Pucklechurch aforefaid, to certain coal mines kt the faid parilh.

CAP. LVII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft palled In ft»e twenty-fecond year of his present Mafelty, for repairing, enlarging and preferving the harbour of Ellenfoot in the county of Cumberland*’

CAP. LVIII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads leading froip the city of Glouceller towards Cheltenham and, Tewkesbury in the county of Glouceller. ....................^

........v*1ex*.

jy56.]	Anao tdosfiino nono GAor«ii If. c. 59,-67.	545

CA)f, LIX.

t An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several road* r leading from the Market Houle, and el few here, in the town of Ludlotjr ih the county of Salop.

|	CAP.	LX.

! An act for amending) widening, and keeping in repair, several ro&ds leading from the Market Houle in the town of Much Wenlock in the county of Salop,

CAP. LXI.

An act for Repairing*and widening the roads from Colebam Bridge iiP Shrewsbury, to the Market Place in Church Stretton, and to the top of LycbwoodttHt, and from Pulley Common, to the May Pole in Con^o-t Ter $ and from Coleham Bridge, to Longdpn in the county of Salop.

|	CAP. LXU.

• An ^ to enable thd dean and chapter of the collegiate church of Sajnt » Peter at Weftminfter, and their fucceflbrs, to make and grant unto i k JameeMatforaa leafeot feafesof certain pieces of ground, rneffuages,

I tenements and hereditaments, comprized within certain limits, for a	.

1 longer term of years than they ?rc at present enabled to grant.

1	cap. Lxni.

, An act to imposter the churchwardens, overfters of the poor, and veftry of the pariih of KenTingtofi, in the county of MiddJefex, to make a rate 1 or rates for the relief of the poor, and the better repairing of the high-ways, and cleaning the ftreets within the faid pariih.

CAP. LXIV.

| An act for repairing and widening the roads from the town of Shrewsbury, to Prtftea Brbckhurft, to Shawbury, and to Shrey-hill in thb ! county pf Salop.

1 -	CAP.	LXV.

An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from the town of i Kington, in the coonty of Hereford, through the Welch Hall Lane, as , far as the fame coqnty extends, and the several roads leading from Kington aforefaid, to fJrUiey’s Mountain, to Earnilley, to Almely, to ; Ecklcy's Green, to Eardmand, to Staple Bar, and to Milton Houfe in laid the county of Hereford.

CAP. LXVI.

| An act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effeftual, an aft 1 palTed in the twenty feventh year of his present M a jelly, for repairing and widening the road from Leicefter to Narborough, and frpm Leicefter to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge $ and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avonj and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter, leading towards Stoneleigh Tbwn $ and for (bpplying an omilfion in an aft palled in tha laft feflion of parliament, for repairing the roads from Leicefter to Alhby de la Zouch in the county of Leicefter, fo far as the fame relates to that part of the faid toad which leads from the town of Hinckley in the county of Leicefter, to the town of Nuneaton j and from tbeoce through the jparifties of Chilvers Coton and Bedwortb, to Bilhops Gate In the city of Coventry.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for enlarging the tsrms and powers granted by several afts of par. liajuent for repairing the highways between Sheppard's Sbord and the Devizes, and from Stert Stone in the parish of Urftilonr, to Rowd Ford in the county of Wilts; and for changing and altering part of the VQL. XXI.	Na	fria

t

r

Anno vicesimo nono GeoioiirIL'c. '68 -*‘7^."’

(aid highways 5 and for repairing the road tern die topof ltaLHone

to Stcrt Stone aforcfaid.

cap. i#xvnn.

An act for amending, widening) and keeping in repair, the fevers) road* from the town Of Poo! in the county of Montgomery, to Wrexham in the county of Denbigh, and alfo the road from Knockin in the county of Salop, to Llanrhaiader in Mochnant in the county of Denbigh.

CAP. LXIX.

An act for the explaining, amending, and rendering more effeftuaJ, two several a&s of parliament, one ofthem pafled in the thirteenth year of her late majefty Queen Anne, for making the riyer Nine or Nen, running

. from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable; and the other made in the eleventh year of bis late majefty King George the FIrifc, for making more effeftual the faid former act.

CAP. IXX.

An act for enlarging the terms and powers granted by an ad pafied in&he twenty fourth year of his prefcnt Majefty's reign, for repairing the high road leading from Darlington in the county of Durham, to Weft Auckland, and several other roads in the laid GCKinty therein mentioned g and for the effeftual amending the fame.

CAP. LXXI.

An act to explain and amend an act passed in the twenty fifth year of die reign of his present Majesty, intituled, As m3 fit reputing tbi roodsfrom tbi toum rf buds through Hmnwood to tbo fiutb moefl conut of the incSfkres of Hmrrogmte, mud from tbtnct Ho tom brouebts, out through Ripley motor Bu~ root Greeny mud the other through Kumreshoromgh mud Boroqgb~Bmk*>' to Rtpou* mnd from thence to the jvrk rid tf twut# v nvaUrcmurfi m Hutton Moor in the countj rf Tori, mud fir repotting the fought or nett omtbofmd

CAP. LXXH.

An act for changing and altering two several roads direfted to be amend-\ adt made in the twentyfeventh vear of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening several roads lead-

ed and widened by an 1 of his present Majesty,

ing from the borough ofTruro in the county of Cornwall.

CAP. LXX1IL

An act for building a bridge acroft the river Wye, from the town of Hay in the county of Brecon, to the oppofitc ihore in the county df Radnor.

CAP. LXXIV,

An adt for the better fupplying the city of Edinburgh with fjndh and whouome water.

CAP. LXXV.

An adt for compleating and finiflung a new church ; and laying out and inclofing a cemetery thereto, in the illand of Portland.

CAP. LXXVI.

An adt for enlarging and altering the term and powers granted by an aft made in the twenty second year of his present Majesty’s reign,' fair ef* fedtually amending and repairing the road leading from Wnnsford Bridge in the county of Northampton, to the town and boroagh of Stamford in»the county of Lincoln; and for repairing the road from the borough of Stamford to Stapplefbrd Bridge, m the parife of RyhaU in the county of Rutland: and from thence to Bourne in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the town of Fhmngdoa In the county of Berks, to the town of Crick lade, and frpm thence to the town of Malmeibury in the county of Wilts, and the road from * thence to join the turnpike road at Amu TurnBc in

*75&]	Anno vicesimo nono Georgii II. c. 78—87.

GMietftor; sad alfo the food from Tetbory »the (kid county, through Malmesbury afore (kid, to Chippenham Bridge \ and the road from Sherfton, to join the turnpike road leading from Tetbury to Bath.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act for the better paring and amending, cleaning, enlightening and watching the ftreets, highways, lanes ana paflkges, within the town of Shrewsbury in the county of Salop.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act for the better relief and employment of the poor, in thehundrcyli of Colnei* and Carl ford in the county of Suffolk.

CAP. LXXX.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty firft year of the reign of his prefeht Majeft v, for repairing the high road from the town qt Bowes in the county of York, to Barnard Caftle in the county of Durham $ and from thence through Stajndrop, to Newgate in Biihop Auckland * and from Newgate, along Gibb Chair, to Gaundlefs Bridge * and from thence by Milderfton GiH, to the turn* pike road near Sunderland Bridge in the county of Durham j and for making the fame more effectual.

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for amending and keeping in repair the roads leading from a place called Fryer Bacon's Study, to Chilton Pood *, and from the top of Hinkiey Hill, to Foxcombe Hill Gate, in the road leading to Fairing* don in the county of Berks.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the White Stoop, near the north end of the town of Derby, through the towns of Duffield and Cheftcrfield in the county of Derby, to the town of Sheffield in the county of York: and from the (aid town of Dufield, to the Moot Hall in the town of Wirkfworth in the faid county of Derby.

CAP. LXXXIII.

aft for repairing and widening the high road from the borough 'of Ripon by Ingram Bank, to the town of rately Bridge in the county of York.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An aft far repairing and widening the roads from the north end of Dunf-by Lane, to the loath weft corner of Rifeholm Hedge, and to Catholm Gate, Drinfey Nooke, and Dunham and Littleburgn Ferries, and from the north end of Waddington Field, and the bridge over the river Wit tham, at Bracebridge, to the city of Lincoln, and from the gate at the foot of Canwicke Hill, to thegreat bargates of the faid city; and for enforcing the performance or ftatute-work upon the highways, com* municatwg with the faid roads, to a certain diftance from the (kid rbads.

CAP. LXXXV.

An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from the eaft fide of Lincoln Heath, to the city of Peterborough j and from the eaft end ot . Marbam Lane, to the town of Walton in the county of Northampton; and from the town of Bourn, to the town of Cofterworth j and from Donington High Bridge, to the crofs poft in the parifli of Hacconby j and from the eaft end of a lane called Hale Drove, to and through the towmtf Old Sleaford, to the end of Long Hedge in the parifli of Quar* rin^bn in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for building a bridge croft the river Thames, from Black Fryars in the city of London, to the oppofite fide in the county of Surry.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act for regulating the nightly watch and beadds, and better enlighten-sag# paving, and cleaning the ftreets and other paflages, and repairing the

Anno vicefirao nnnoGEORGU IL C.88—-94.	[1756.

highways mthSa the parifhes of Saint John Wapping. * Saint Paul SbadweU, the hamlet of Ratdiffc, the parish of Saint Anne io the county of Middlesex, and the prcciod of Well Glofe ia the liberty of the Tower of London.

CAP. LXXXVHI.

An act to enable the refpedivc truftees of the turnpike roads leading to Highgate Gatehoufe and Hampftead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilboum Bridge in the county of Middlesex, to make a new road from the great northern road at Iftington, to the Edgware road near Paddington, and alfo from the north end of Portland Street, crofa the Farthing Pye Houfe Fields, into the faid new road j and for enlarging the terms and powers granted-by twofevecal ads for repairing the laid road from Saint Giles's Pound *to Kilboum Bridge.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act for rebuilding the parish church, and enlarging the church yard of Saint John of Wapping, in the county of Middlesex.

CAP. XC.

An act to enable the proprietors and inhabitants of boufes in York Buildings, in the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields in the county of Middlesex, to make and levy a rate on therdfelves, fufficient to anfwer the expence of rebuilding or repairing of the terrace walk and water-gate, " and fuoh other pfcrt of the premises adjoining to the river Thamrii and belonging to the faid buildings, as (ball he judged neceflary, and for keeping the lame in repair for the future.

CAP. XCI.

An act for explaining and making more effedual an ad palTed in tbe twenty fourth yeaf of the reign of his preterit Msjefty, for repairing the road leading from the ealt end of Brampton High Lane in tbe comity of York, to the town of Richmond, and from thence to and through the towns of Aritrigg and Ing^eton in the faid county, to tbe town of Lancaster in the county of Lancaster $ and alfo for repairing the road leading from Richmond aforefaid, through Gilling, Melfon’oy and Aldbrougb, to Lucy, otherwife LoufyOote, and from Gillingthrougb Gilling Town Lane, to the turnpike road on Gatheriy Moor.

CAP. XCII.

An act for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, an ad of parliament made in. the twenty lixth year of the reign of bis present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing and widening tbe road from tbe top of Whitt Sheet Hilt in tbe tarifb of Donbtad Saint Andrew in tbe countj of I Wilts 1 through the towns of Shafts buy, Mitbome Port and Sherborne, in the counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Half-way Houfe in tbe partjh of Nether, other‘wife Lower Compton, tn the faid countj of Dorset, and fevered other roads near the towns (jf Sbaftsburj and Sherborne aforefaid j and for repairing other roads adjouiing to the roads in the faid former ad mentioned.

CAP. XCIII.

An act to enlarge the term and powers of in ad for repairing the road from Shrewsbury to Wrexham in tbe county of Denbigh, and to repair and widen several other roads therein mentioned, and the road from Wrexham to Chefter, and from thence to Pen Fordd y Waen in thepa-ririi of Whitford, and alio tbe road from Broughton to Mold ia the county of Flint.

CAP. XCIV.

An act for amending, repairing, and widening the roads leadingtimm tbe Rye-way in the parim of Yarpole in tbe county of HereforMb Prefteigne in the county of Radnor, and from thence to Lcintwardine, and from Prefteigne aforefaid, to the top of Trap Hill, and from the Rye-way aforefaid, by the Maidenhead, to Wooferton in the county of Salop.	*

The End of the Twenty First Volume.

