A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLIC and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno vicesimo sexto

GEORGII III.

Being the Third Session of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Cap. 1. FOR confining, for a limited time, the trade between the ports of the United States of America, and his Majesty's subjects in the island of Newfoundland, to bread, flour, Indian corn, and live stock, to be imported in none but British built ships, actually belonging to British subjects, and navigated according to law, clearing out from the ports of his majesty's European dominions, and furnished with a licence according to the form hereunto annexed.

Cap. 2. To continue an act, made in the last session of parliament intituled An act to prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of hay.

Cap. 3. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.

Cap. 4. For further continuing, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for preventing certain instruments from being required from ships belonging to the United States of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited time, certain powers

for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the said United States; and for further continuing, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to extend the powers of an act made in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, for giving his Majesty certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions, and the inhabitants of the United States of America, to the trade and commerce of this kingdom with the British colonies and plantations in America, with respect to certain articles therein mentioned.

Cap. 5. To regulate the exportation of hops to Ireland.

Cap. 6. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.

Cap. 7. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 8. To enable the persons therein named to provide proper places on shore for the reception of the crew of the Voorberg Dutch East Indiaman, forced by stress of weather into the port of Dartmouth.

Cap. 9. To explain and amend an act of the last session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on shops within Great Britain; for repealing several of the duties granted by the said act, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 10. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 11. For enlarging the term of several acts of parliament, for the repair of Dover harbour.

Cap. 12. For opening, making, widening, and altering certain streets, passages, and places within the town of Liverpool in the county palatine of Lancaster; for supplying the said town with fresh and wholesome water; for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein; for appointing additional market places, and for extending so much of the powers of an act of the second year of his present Majesty, as relates to hackney coachmen, chairmen, carters, and porters, to a certain distance beyond the liberties of the said town.

Cap. 13. To continue and render more effectual so much of an act passed in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, as imposes a duty on ships and vessels anchoring in the harbour of Alloa, in the county of Clackmannan, for repairing the pier of the said harbour.

Cap. 14. To prevent frauds and abuses in the admeasurement of coals, sold by wharf measure, within the several parishes lying between Putney and Rotherhithe, both inclusive, in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 15. For augmenting and ascertaining the income of the rectors of the parish church and parochial chapel of Liverpool.

Cap. 16. To explain and amend certain provisions of an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, respecting the better regulation and management of the affairs of the East India company.

Cap. 17. For paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the streets, lanes, ways, passages, and places, within the town of Tewkesbury, and the precincts thereof, in the county of Gloucester; for the removal of present, and prevention of future, encroachments, nuisances, and annoyances therein; for regulating carts and other carriages, and ascertaining the rates of carriage; and for widening some part of the street called Church Street, within the said town.

Cap. 18. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the town and borough of Deal, and the parishes of Ripple, Sutton, Northbourn, Great Mongeham, Little Mongeham, Tilmanstone, Betshanger, Ham and Sholden, in the county of Kent.

Cap. 19. To amend and render more effectual two acts, made in the sixth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for erecting a workhouse in the town and borough of Plymouth, in the county of Devon; and for setting the poor at work, and maintaining them there; and for obliging the mayor and commonalty of Plymouth to contribute towards the county rates of Devon; and for applying for the relief of the poor in the said workhouse, certain surplus moneys which have formerly arisen by the assessment for raising the land tax in the said town and for granting further power to the guardians of the poor of the town of Plymouth, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 20. To amend, and render effectual, two acts, of the ninth and fifteenth years of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Coventry canal navigation to the city of Oxford.

Cap. 21. For repairing the highways and bridges in the county of Dumbarton.

Cap. 22. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the town and port of Sandwich, and vill of Ramsgate, and the parishes of Minster and Saint Lawrence, in the Isle of Thanet, Walmer As next Sandwich, Eastry, Wingham, Staple, Goodnestone next Wingham, Chillenden, Nonnington, Woodnesborough other wise Winsborow, Eythorne, Word otherwise Worth, Elmestone, Preston next Wingham, Ickham, and Wickhambreux, in the county of Kent.

Cap. 23. For the appointment of an additional overseer for the better government of the poor of the parish of Westbury, in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 24. For building a new gaol and house of correction for the county of Salop, and the several boroughs, towns corporate, liberties, franchises, and places within the same; and for explaining and amending an act made in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for building a new Shire hall and guildhall for the county of Salop and the town of Shrewsbury, in the said county; and for the other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 25. For obviating all doubts which have arisen, or might arise, with respect to the exclusive power of the court of directors of the East India company to nominate and appoint the governor-general and council of the presidency of Fort William in Bengal.

Cap. 26. To amend and render more effectual the several laws now in force for encouraging the fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British dominions in Europe; and for granting bounties, for a limited time, on certain terms and conditions.

Cap. 27. For authorising the lord chief baron, and remanent barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland, out of the unappropriated money arising from the forfeited and lately annexed estates in Scotland, to pay a certain sum to the society in Scotland for propagating christian knowledge, for the purposes, and under the conditions therein mentioned.

Cap. 28. For providing a proper workhouse, and better regulating the poor, within the parish of Romford, in the liberty of Havering Atte Bower, in the county of Essex.

Cap. 29. To enable his Majesty to licence a playhouse within the town and port of Margate, in the isle of Thanet, in the county of Kent, under certain restrictions therein limited.

Cap. 30. To enable the company of proprietors of the Coventry canal navigation to complete the said canal to Fradley Heath in the county of Stafford; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 31. For vesting certain sums in commissioners, at the end of every quarter of a year, to be by them applied to the reduction of the national debt.

Cap. 32. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.

Cap. 33. For raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.

Cap. 34. For altering the days of payment of the long annuities, and annuities for thirty and twenty-nine years.

Cap. 35. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an act passed in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, entitled, An act for authorising the treasurer of the navy to pay to the garrison and naval department at Gibralter, the like bounty for destroying certain Spanish Ships of war, as is allowed to the officers and men on board any of his Majesty's Ships of war taking or defraying ships of war belonging to the enemy.

Cap. 36. To explain an act, made in the last session of parliament, with respect to the allowances to be made for waste on the exportation of white salt and rock salt to the Isle of Man; for limiting the quantity of British refined sugar to be exported to the Isle of Man; and for repealing so much of an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for encouraging and regulating the trade and manufacture of the Isle of Man; and for the more easy supply of the inhabitants there with a certain quantity of wheats barley, oats, meal, and flour, authorised by an act made in this session to be transported to the said island, as relates to permitting any person to import into the Isle of Man fish from any place whatever, except from Great Britain, without payment of any custom or other duty whatsoever.

Cap. 37. For laying a toll upon all horses and carriages passing on a Sunday over Blackfriars Bridge, and for applying the money to arise thereby towards increasing the fund for watching, lighting, cleansing, watering, and repairing the said bridge.

Cap. 38. For regulating the time of the imprisonment of debtors imprisoned by process from courts instituted for the recovery of small debts; for abolishing the claim of fees of gaolers, and others, in the cases of such imprisonment; and for ascertaining the qualifications of the commissioners.

Cap. 39. For widening, enlarging, and cleansing the streets, lanes, and other public places, and for opening new streets markets, and passages, within the town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the liberties thereof, and for removing and preventing annoyances therein; and for regulating the public markets, and common stage wagons, drays, and carts, carrying goods for hire.

Cap. 40. For regulating the production of manifests, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent practises in obtaining bounties and drawbacks, and in the clandestine relanding of goods.

Cap. 41. For the further support and encouragement of the fisheries carried on in the Greenland seas and Davis's Straights.

Cap. 42. For granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon battens and deals imported into Great Britain.

Cap. 43. To continue and render more effectual an act passed in the twenty first year of his Majesty's reign, for the encouragement of the growth of hemp and flax, in that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 44. For the further relief of debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their persons; and to oblige debtors, who shall continue in execution in prison beyond a certain time, and for sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the act, to make discovery of, and deliver upon oath, their estates for their creditors benefit.

Cap. 45. To continue and amend an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the encouragement of the pilchard fishery, by allowing a further bounty upon pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

Cap. 46. For augmenting and fixing the salaries of the lords of session, lords of of judiciary, and barons of exchequer, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 47. For discharging the payment of sentence money, and other fees of court, to the judge of the court of admiralty in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and the payment of sentence money to the judges of the commissary court in Edinburgh; for granting salaries to the judges of the said courts in lieu thereof and for regulating the nomination of the said judges.

Cap. 48. For granting to his Majesty certain duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to replace to the revenue the sums granted out of the same, in this session of parliament, towards the augmentation of the salaries of the judges of the courts of session, judiciary, exchequer, and admiralty court in Scotland, and commissary court of Edinburgh.

Cap. 49. For granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on perfumery, hair powder, and other articles therein mentioned; and on licences to be taken out by persons uttering or vending the same.

Cap. 50. For the encouragement of the southern whale fishery.

Cap. 51. For better securing the duties on starch, and for preventing frauds on the said duties.

Cap. 52. For the more effectually preventing the fraudulent removal of tobacco, and for the ease of the fair trader; for discontinuing the discount upon payment on bonds before due, and establishing the duty to be paid upon tabacco of the growth of the British plantations, and the United States of America.

Cap. 53. To continue several laws relating to the giving further encouragement to the importation of naval stores from the British colonies in America; to the allowance upon the exportation of British made gunpowder; to the further encouraging the manufacture of British sail cloth; and to the duties payable on foreign sail cloth; to the granting liberty to carry sugars of the growth, produce, or manufacture of any of his majesty's sugar colonies, directly to foreign, parts, in ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; to the importing salt from Europe into the province of Quebec in America; to the discontinuing the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs lard, and grease; to the permitting the free importation of raw goat skins into this kingdom; to the repealing the duties upon pot and pearl ashes, wood and weed ashes, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; to the registering the prices at which corn is sold in the several counties of Great Britain, and the quantity exported and imported; and to the effectually encouraging the manufactures of flax and cotton in Great Britain; and to revive and continue several laws relating to the allowing a drawback of the duties on rum, shipped as stores, to be consumed on board merchant ships on their voyages; and to the granting a bounty upon the importation of hemp and rough and undressed flax from his majesty's colonies in America.

Cap. 54. For continuing the salaries and profits of the commissioners, clerks, and other officers of the stamp office rateable to the land tax, in Shire Lane ward, within the division of Saint Clement Danes and Saint Mary le Strand, in the liberty of Westminster, notwithstanding the said office should be removed into any other division or place.

Cap. 55. To enable the justices of the peace for the county of Middlesex to raise money, in manner therein mentioned, for erecting a house of correction within the said county.

Cap. 56. For obliging overseers of the poor to make returns, upon oath, to certain questions specified therein, relative to the state of the poor.

Cap. 57. For the further regulation of the trial of persons accused of certain offences committed in the East Indies; for repealing so much of an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituled An act for the letter regulation and management of the affairs of the east-india company, and of the British possesstons in India, and for establishing a court of judicature for the more speedy and esse final trial of persons accused of offences committed in the East Indies), as requires the servants of the East India company to deliver inventories of their estates and effects; for rendering the laws more effectual against persons unlawfully resorting to the East Indies; and for the more easy proof, in certain cases, of deeds and writings executed in Great Britain or India.

Cap. 58. For procuring, upon oath, returns of all charitable donations, for the benefit of poor persons, in the several parishes and places within that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 59. For repealing certain duties now payable on wines imported, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof, to be collected under the management of the commissioners of excise.

Cap. 60. For the further increase and encouragement of shipping and navigation.

Cap. 61. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 62. To enable the east-india company to raise money by a sale of annuities, and by increasing their capital stock.

Cap. 63. For the further preventing frauds and abuses attending the payment of wages, prize money, and other allowances, due for the service of petty officers and seamen on board any of his Majesty's ships.

Cap. 64. To discontinue, for a limited time, the several duties payable in Scotland upon low wines and spirits, and upon worts, wash, and other liquors, there used in the distillation of spirits; and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 65. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

Cap. 66. For appointing of further tp inquire into the fees, gratuities, perquisites, and emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several public offices therein mentioned; to examine into any abuses which may exist in the same; and to report such observations as shall occur to them, for the better conducing and managing the business transacted in the said offices.

Cap. 67. For appointing and enabling of further to examine, take, and (late the public accounts of the kingdom.

Cap. 68. For appointing commissioners further to inquire into the Losses and services of all such persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and posessions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government.

Cap. 69. For defraying the charge of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March) one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.

Cap. 70. To rectify a mistake in an act made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 71. For regulating houses, and other places, kept for the purpose of slaughtering horses.

Cap. 72. For explaining and amending an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for laying an additional duty on hackney coaches, and for explaining and amending several acts of parliament relating to hackney coaches.

Cap. 73. To discontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and spirits for home consumption, and for granting and securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending British spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited time, certain imposts and duties upon rum and spirits imported from the West Indies.

Cap. 74. For granting to his Majesty additional duties upon sweets, and for ascertaining the duties upon licences to be taken out by persons dealing in sweets.

Cap. 75. For appointing commissioners to inquire into the Losses of all such persons who have suffered in their properties, in consequence of the cession of the province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

Cap. 76. For repealing so much of two acts, passed in the fourteenth and twenty first years of the reign of his present Majesty, as prohibits the exportation of wool cards of a limited price.

Cap. 77. To limit a time for the repayment of the duties on male servants and carriages by the commissioners of excise; and also on horses, wagons, wains, and carts, by the commissioners of stamps; and for the amendment of several laws relating to the duties under the management of the commissioners of excise.

Cap. 78. For better securing the duties on paper printed, painted, or stained, in Great Britain.

Cap. 79. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties therein mentioned from the commissioners of excise, and the commissioners of stamps, respectively, to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes; and also for making further provisions in respect to the said duties so transferred; and for making certain provisions respecting oaths to be administered by the commissioners for the duties on houses, and windows or lights, or any other duties put under their management.

Cap. 80. For further continuing certain acts therein mentioned, relating to the further punishment of persons going armed or disguised, in defiance of the laws of customs or excise; to the preventing the committing of frauds by bankrupts.

Cap. 81. For the more effectual encouragement of the British fisheries.

Cap. 82. For the more effectually carrying into execution the laws relating to the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; and for repealing certain stamp duties on policies for insuring property in any foreign kingdom or state from loss by fire.

Cap. 83. To explain and amend an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, to prevent frauds and abuses in the admeasurement of coals, sold by wharf measure within the city of London and the liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 84. To empower the archbishop of Canterbury, or the archbishop of York for the time being, to consecrate to the office of a bishop, persons being subjects or citizens of countries out of his majesty's dominions.

Cap. 85. To revive, continue, and amend so much of an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for allowing a bounty on the exportation of British made cordage, and for discontinuing the drawbacks upon foreign rough hemp exported, as relates to allowing a bounty on the exportation of British made cordage.

Cap. 86. To explain and amend an act, made in the seventh year of his late majesty's reign, intituled An act to settle how far owners of ships shall be answerable for the acts of the masters or mariners; and for giving a further relief to the owners of ships.

Cap. 87. For appointing commissioners to inquire into the state and condition of the woods, forests, and land revenues, belonging to the crown; and to sell or alienate fee-farm, and other unimproveable rents.

Cap. 88. For settling and securing a certain annuity for the life of lady Maria Carlton, wife of sir Guy Carlton, knight of the most honourable order of the Bath, and Guy Carlton, and Thomas Carlton, sons of the said sir Guy Carlton, in consideration of the eminent services performed by him to his Majesty, and this country.

Cap. 89. To explain, amend, and extend to other tools and utensils, an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to prohibit the exportation to foreign parts of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and steel manufactures of this kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of artificers or workmen, employed in those manufactures, to go into parts beyond the seas.

Cap. 90. For repealing so much of an act passed in the twenty second year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon salt; and certain duties upon Glauber or Epsom salts; and also on mineral alkali, or flux for glass, made from salt; and to prevent frauds in the duties on foul salt to be used in manuring of lands, as relates to the obtaining rock salt or salt rock, or brine, or seawater, for the purpose of making mineral alkali, or flux for glass, duty free.

Cap. 91. For making perpetual an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating mad houses.

Cap. 92. To continue, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, An act for the more effectual punishment of persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, possession of goods or money, by false or untrue pretences; for preventing the unlawful pawning of goods; for the easy redemption of goods pawned; and for preventing gaming in public houses by journeymen labourers, servants, and apprentices, so far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful pawning of goods, and for the easy redemption of goods pawned.

Cap. 93. To enable his Majesty to grant a certain annuity to Brook Watson esquire, late commisiary general in North America in consideration of his diligent and meritorious services in that office.

Cap. 94. For making compensation to the proprietors of such lands and hereditaments as have been purchased for the more safe and convenient carrying on his Majesty's gunpowder works and mills, near the town of Faversham; and for the better securing his Majesty's docks, ships, and stores, at Portsmouth and Plymouth, in pursuance of acts of parliament made in the twenty-third and twenty fourth years of his present Majesty's reign; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 95. For enlarging the times appointed for the first meetings of commissioners, and other persons, for putting in execution certain acts of this session of parliament.

Cap. 96. To provide that the proceedings now depending in the house of commons upon articles of charge of high crimes and misdemeanours, which have been exhibited against Warren Hastings esquire, late governor-general of Fort William in Bengal, shall not be discontinued by any prorogation or dissolution of parliament.

Cap. 97. For raising a further sum of money, by exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.

Cap. 98. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors.

Cap. 99. To ascertain the fees to be taken by the officers of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, on the issues of money which have been made, and shall hereafter be made, for the payment of certain pensions at the receipt of his majesty's exchequer.

Cap. 100. To prevent occasional inhabitants from voting in the election of members to serve in parliament, for cities and boroughs, in that part of Great Britain called England, and the dominion of Wales.

Cap. 101. For erecting certain light houses in the northern parts of Great Britain.

Cap. 102. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, for impowering the commissioners for putting in execution the several acts passed for paving, cleansing, and lighting the squares, streets, and lanes, within the city and liberty of Westminster, and parts adjacent, to collect certain tolls on Sundays upon the several roads therein mentioned, and apply the same for the purposes of the said acts.

Cap. 103. For assessing the commissioners, clerks, and other officers of the office for victualling his majesty's navy, for their salaries, and the profits of their respective offices, to the land tax, in the manor of East Smithfield, in the Tower Division, in the county of Middlesex, notwithstanding the removal of the said office into any other division or place.

Cap. 104. For allowing a drawback of the duties upon coals used in smelting, copper and lead ores, and in fire engines for draining water out of the copper and lead mines within the Isle of Anglesey.

Cap. 105. For continuing the Salaries and profits of the commissioners, clerks, and other officers of the pay office and navy office respectively, rateably to the land tax, in the wards of Broad Street and Tower, within the city of London, notwithstanding the said offices should be removed into any other division or place.

Cap. 106. For incorporating certain persons therein named, by the name and stile of The British Society for extending the fisheries, and improving ihe sea coasts of this kingdom, and to enable them, when incorporated, to subscribe a joint stock, and therewith to purchase lands, and build thereon free towns, villages, and fishing stations, in the highlands and islands in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for other purposes.

Cap. 167. For amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 108. For explaining, amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the several acts passed for more effectually preventing the frauds and abuses committed in the admeasurement of coals within the city and liberty of Westminster, and that part of the duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such part of the parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, as lies in the county of Middlesex.

Cap. 109. For incorporating the members of a society to be called The Clyde Marine Society, for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful designs; and for levying certain duties from shipmasters and others, for that purpose.

Cap. 110. For supplying North Shields, and the shipping resorting thereto, with water.

Cap. 111. To amend and render more effectual an act made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for rebuilding, widening, and enlarging the bridge over the river Avon, in the city of Bristol, and erecting a temporary bridge adjoining; and for widening the streets, lanes, ways, and passages leading thereto and for building another bridge over some other part of the said river, within the said city (if necessary); for opening proper ways and passages thereto; and for making a way from the bridge already built to Temple Street, in the said city.

Cap. 112. For raising a competent sum of money to defray the expense of a proper number of watchmen, patrols, and beadles, within the parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in the city of Westminster.

Cap. 113. For widening several streets in the city of Edinburgh; opening a communication from Queen's Street to Broughton Loan; for enlarging the burial ground; and for extending the royalty of the said city over part of the lands of Broughton.

Cap. 114. For ascertaining and collecting the poor's rates, and for better governing, regulating, maintaining, and employing the poor, in the parish of Saint John Southwark, in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 115. For providing a proper workhouse, and better regulating the poor, within the parish of Barking, in the county of Essex; and for regulating the common wharf within the town of Barking.

Cap. 116. For paving the footways and passages in the town of Cheltenham, in the county of Gloucester; and for better cleansing and lighting the said town; for taking down certain old buildings now standing the rein; and for removing and preventing other encroachments, nuisances, and annoyances.

Cap. 117. For pulling down and rebuilding the church of All Saints in the town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and for enlarging the churchyard, and making convenient avenues and passages thereto.

Cap. 118. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the town and port of Folkestone, and the parishes of Folkestone, Cheriton, Newington next Hithe, Stanford, Postling, Lyminge, Elham, Paddlesworth, Acris, Swingfield, and Hawkinge, in the county of Kent.

Cap. 119. For paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the streets, lanes, ways passages, and places, within the borough of Newport, in The Isle of Wight; and for the removal of present, and prevention of future, encroachments, nuisances, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 120. For paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the streets, lanes, and other public passages and places, within the manor of Southwark otherwise called The Clink, or Bishop of Winchesters Liberty, in the parish of Saint Saviour, Southwark, in the county of Surrey, for the removal of present, and preventing of future encroachments, nuisances, and annoyances therein; for laying out two new streets, and widening and regulating several other of the streets and passages within the said liberty; for discontinuing the passage through Globe Alley; and for shutting up in the night time the way leading from Clink Street in the said liberty, to the river side.

Cap. 121. For appointing commissioners for putting in execution an act of this session of parliament, inntituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

PUBLIC ACTS not printed in this Collection;

Cap. 122. For continuing the term of an act, made in the sixth year of his present Majesty, for amending widening altering, clearing and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the market cross, in the town of Wareham, and in Purbeck, in the county of Dorset.

Cap. 123. For enlarging the term and powers of an act of the fifth year of his present Majesty for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading to and from Crewkerne, in the county of Somerset.

Cap. 124. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Cromford Bridge, in the county of Derby, to the turnpike road at or near Langley Mill, in the said county.

Cap. 125. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the fourth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the road from Worksop, in the county of Nottingham, through the towns of Gateforth, Anston, Aston, Handsworth, and Darnall, to the north east end of Attercliffe, in the county of York, where the same joins the turnpike road from Bawtry to Sheffield.

Cap. 126. For more effectually repairing the road from Liverpool to Preston, in the county of Lancaster.

Cap. 127. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, of the fifth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from The Little Bridge, over the end of the drain next Wisbeach River, lying between Roper's Fields and The Bell Inn, in Wisbeach, in the Isle of Ely, to the sign of The Bear, in Walsoken, in the county Norfolk; from Walsoken Bridge, lying over the same drain, to the said sign of the Bear, and to Lord's Bridge, in Islington; and from thence to the west ends of Maudlin Bridge and German's Bridge in the county of Norfolk; and from the east end of German's Bridge aforesaid, to the west end of Long Bridge, in South Lynn, in the borough of King's Lynn, in the said county of Norfolk; and from Islington aforesaid, to Cross Keys Wash, in the said county.

Cap. 128. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads in and near Great Torrington, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 129. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening several roads leading to and through the borough of Bodmin in the county of Cornwall.

Cap. 130. For more effectually repairing the road from The Black Bull Inns in Dunstable, in the county of Bedford, to the way turning out of the said road up to Shefford House in the county of Hertford.

Cap. 131. For making, widening, and keeping in repair, certain roads in the several parishes of Lambeth, Newington Saint George Southwark, Bermondsey, and Christ Church, in the country of Surrey; and for watching and lighting the roads.

Cap. 132. For enlarging the term of two acts, of the fifth and ninth years of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the repairing of the roads from Wat's Cross to Cowden, and from Sevenoakes Common to Crockhurst Hatch Corner, and from Penshurst town to Southborough, in the county of Kent.

Cap. 133. To enlarge the term and powers of two acts, made in the fifth and seventh years of his present Majesty, for repairing certain roads therein mentioned, leading from Chatteris Ferry to the town of Wisbech Saint Peter's, in the Isle of Ely, and other places in the said acts mentioned.

Cap. 134. For enlarging the term of an act of the fifth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads leading from the turnpike road at Kipping's Cross, in the parish of Brenchley, in the county of Kent, through the parishes of Brenchley, Horsmonsden, and Goudhurst, by the left hand side of Iden Green, to the turnpike road on Wilsley Green, in the parish of Cranbrooke; and from a place near Goudhurst Gore, through the parish of Marden, to Stile Bridge, in the said parish, and from Underden Green, in Marden aforesaid, to Wanshutt's Green, in the county of Kent.

Cap. 135. For amending and widening several roads leading from and through the town of Wiveliscombe, in the county of Somerset, and other roads adjoining Or near thereto.

Cap. 136. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act passed in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing and widening several roads leading from the port town and borough of Minehead, and from Dunster and Watchet, in the county of Somerset.

Cap. 137. For enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing and widening the road from Great Grimsby Haven, at or near a place called The Upper Sand End, to Wold Newton Church, and from Nuns Farm to The Mill Field, in the parish of Irby, in the county of lincoln.

Cap. 138. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, and also of two acts, made, one in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the First, and the other in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Second, so far as the said two acts relate to the road from Spittlegate Hill to Foston Bridge, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 139. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Flookersbrook Bridge, within the township of Newton, near Chester, to the South end of Wilderspool Causeway, and from the market town of Frodsham to Ashton Lane End, in the township of Ashton, in the county of Chester.

Cap. 140. For continuing and amending an act of the fifth year of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road from the sign of the Coach and Horses in Birstall, to the turnpike road at Nunbrook, and from Bradley Lane to the town of Huddersfield, in the west riding of the county of York.

Cap. 141. For enlarging the term and powers of so much of an passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, intituled An act for repairing and widening the roads from Bawtry Bridge, in the county of Nottingham, to Hainton, in the county Lincoln; from Northwillingham to the north end of the lane betwixt Dexthorpe and Lington; and from West Raisin to Pilford Bridge; and from the great road near Bishop Bridge to Bishop Norton Common; and from the hamlet of Morton to Epworth; and from Hexey Field to the Trent, at Kinnald Ferry, in the said county of Lincoln, as relates to the first and second districts of roads, therein described.

Cap. 142. For enlarging the term and powers, of an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road, from the north end of Old Mahon Gate, in the town and borough of New Malton, to the town Pickering, in the county of York.

Cap. 143. To continue the term of two acts, made in the thirteenth and twenty seventh years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road between Hockliffe, in the county of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the county of Buckingham.

---

Cap. 144. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road from the city ofyoxky by Grimston Smithy, to Kexby Bridge, and from Grimston Smithy aforesaid to a certain gate at the upper end of Garraby Hill, in the county of York.

Cap. 145. For continuing the term of an ait, of the seventh year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from the turnpike road in the town of Tenterden, to and over.bull Green, and tp and through the town of Great Chart, to a house known by the sign of the castle, at the entrance of the town of Ashford, in the county of Kent; and also the road leading frotflj&m Gxttxu aforesaid to Hothfield Heath; and also the road leading from Bull Green aforesaid, through High Halden, to Daflunanden, in the parish of Biddenden, in the said county of Kent.

Cap. 146. For enlarging the term and powers of an ait, passed in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for repairing and widening the road from Barton Waterside House to Rifeham Hedge Corner, and several other roads in the county of Lincoln therein mentioned', and for repairing and widening the road from the Old Bridge, in the town of Briggs in the said county, to Wrawby Bar and Bigby Bar, in the said town; and also the road, from the end of the said turnpike, road at Caijlor, in the said county of Lincoln, to the Sjiuth Gate, in the said town of Caifior.

Cap. 147. To enlarge the term and powers of two acts, made in the fourth year of the reign of King George the Secondhand the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

road from Godstone, in the county of surrey, to Highgate, in the parifly of East Grinstead, /# the county of Sussex;

Cap. 148. For enlarging the term: and powers of an act passed in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reigns for repairings widening, and keeping in repair*the had from Welford Bridge in the county Northampton, through husband's Bofwonh and Great Wigston, to Million Lane, in the town of Leicester

Cap. 149. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, intituled An act for repairing and widening the roads from Brimington and Chesterfield in the county of Derby over the High Moors, to the several places therein mentioned.

Cap. 150. For continuing the term, and altering the powers of an act of the fifth year of his present Majesty repairing widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from Kidwelly, in the county of Carmarthen, and also several roads leading front Llandilo, in the said county, so far as relates to the Llandilo dif*rrid of the said roads, and for amending and keeping in repair several other roads in the said county.

Cap. 151. For making, repairing and widening the road froth Heage, in the County of Derby, through Alfretbn, to Tibjhelf in the same county, and also a branch from the same road at or near Shirland Logde, to High dm, in the same county.

Cap. 152. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts, made in the twelfth and thirty first years of King George the Second, for repairing the road from Chesterfield, in the county of Derby, 'to Work fop, in the county Nottingham, and other roads therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the road from Chesterfield to Worksop.

Cap. 153. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from the bottom of Church Lane in the town Newcastle under Lyne, in the county of Stafford, to the turnpike road leading from Woor to Chester, near the town of Namptwich, in the county of Chester, and from Chesterton, through Audley and Balterley* to Ghorfty Hill.

Cap. 154. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts, pated in the fifth and sixth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Tonbridge, to Maidstone, and from wat's Cross to Cowden, in the county of Kent, so far as the same relate to the road from Tonbridge to Maidstone.

Cap. 155. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the road from Selby, to Leeds, in the west riding of the county of York.

Cap. 156. To enlarge the term and alter the powers of an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads leading from the quay at Lymington, in the county Southampton.

Cap. 157. For enlarging the term and powers of an act of '. b 2 th

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

parishes of Horfmonden, Marden, Yalden, and West Farley, to West Farky Street, in the aid comity of Kent.

Cap. 158. To continue the term and powers of an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relates to the repairing and widening the road leading from the river at Swathling* through Botley, to the turnpike road at Sherrill Heath, in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 159. For reviving, continuing, and enlarging the term and, powers of an act passed in the second year of the reign of jiis present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from a certain bridge called James Deeping Stone Bridge, to peter's Gate, in Stamford, in the county of Lincoln, and from thence to the south end of the town of Morcot, in the county of Rutland.

Cap. 160. For more effectually repairing and keeping in repair, so much of the road from the town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to the city of Carlisle, as is within the county of Northumberland.

---

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. An Act for naturalizing Louis Weltje and Alexander von Mayersbach.

2. An act for naturalizing Andreas Emmerich.

3. An act for naturalizing John Henry Christopherson.

4. An act for naturalizing John Henry Rougemont and Lewis Guy.

5. An act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Borough or Township of Clitheroe, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

6. An act to enable Cornelius Salvidge (now called Cornelius Tutton), and the Heirs of his Body, to take the Surname of Tutton, pursuant to the Will of Samuel Tutton Esquire, deceased.

7. An act for naturalizing John Conrad Meyer.

8. An act for naturalizing John Peter Richard and George Christian Matthiessen.

9. An act for naturalizing Guflaf Hederstedt.

10. An act to enable the Right Honourable Francis Lord Ducie, and his Issue, to take the Surname of Moreton, and to bear and use the Arms of Honour of the Right Honourable Matthew Lord Ducie, deceased, pursuant to the Will of the said Matthew Lord Ducie.

11. An act for vesting the settled Estate of Stephen Tress, in the County of Sussex, in Trustees, to convey the same pursuant to an Agreement for the Sale thereof, and for laying out the Money in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses.

12. An act for dividing and inclosing certain Common Fields, Common Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands within the Hamlet of Shottery, in the Parish of Old Stratford otherwise Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick.

13. An act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows and Pastures, and Commonable or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Oddington, in the County of Gloucester.

14. An act for dividing and inclosing several Parcels of Waste Grounds within the Manors of Narberth, Templeton, Molleston, and Robestone Wathan, in the Parishes of Narberth and Robcstone Wathan, in the County of Pembroke.

15. An act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Parish of West Pennard, in the County of Somerset.

16. An act to enable George Tasburgh Esquire (lately called George Crathorne), and his Heirs Male, to take and bear the Surname and Arms of Tasburgh only, pursuant to the Will, and also to a certain Settlement made by George Tasburgh Esquire, deceased.

17. An act for vesting Part of the devised Estate of Robert Bishopp, deceased, in the County of Surrey, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising from the Sale in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the same Uses.

18. An act to enable the Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Sheffield, in the County of York, to grant Leases of the Glebe Land, and otherwise improve the Estate belonging to the said Vicarage.

19. An act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manors of Crich and Southwingfeld, in the County of Derby.

20. An act for dividing and inclosing the several Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in the several Parishes of Upper Wallop, Hursbourn Pryors, and Tufton, in the County of Southampton.

21. An act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, a Common Meadow and Common Pasture, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Bray, in the County of Berks.

22. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Tichwell, in the County of Norfolk.

23. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and all other Commonable Land, within the Parish of Harvington, in the County of Worcester.

24. An act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Common Fields, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Methley, in the County of York.

25. An act to effectuate and establish an Exchange between the Right Honourable Henry Frederick Lord Carteret, and his Trustees, with the Master, Fellows, and Scholars of the College of the Lady Frances Sidney Sussex, in the University of Cambridge, of the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Rectory of Saint Mary Week, otherwise Week Saint Mary, in the County of Cornwall, for the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Vicarage of Wilshamstead otherwise Wilstead, in the County of Bedford.

26. An act for vesting certain Estates in the County of Nottingham, intailed by the Will of the Right Honourable Henry William Arundell Viscount Gallway, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of Estates situate in the West Riding of the County of York, to be settled to the same Uses.

27. An act for vesting Part of the Estates, in the Town and County of Southampton, devised by the Will of Benjamin Borlow, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Purchase Money in another Estate, to be settled, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

28. An act for dividing and inclosing a Common, and certain other Open Grounds, in the Township and Parish of Moor Monkton, in the County of the City of York.

29. An act for dividing and allotting certain Commonable Grounds, or Waste Woodlands, in the Township of Atherstone, in the County of Warwick.

30. An act for dividing, inclosing, and exchanging the Open Fields and other Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Raveley, in the County of Huntingdon.

31. An act for dividing and inclosing the several Common Pastures, Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Sinnington with Marton and Edstone, in the North Riding of the County of York.

32. An act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands within the Manor of Aston otherwise Aston Abbot in the County of Salop.

33. An act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Denys Rolle and John Rolle, Esquires, in Trustees, upon Trust, to sell the same, and to purchase Estates contiguous to the principal Estates of the said Denys Rolle and John Rolle, to be settled to the Uses of the Estates vested in Trustees for Sale.

34. An act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Stinted Pasture, Ings, Commons, Waste Lands, and Grounds, in the Townships of Little Smeaton and Stubbs Walden, in the Parish of Womersley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

35. An act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Weston upon Trent, in the County of Derby.

36. An act for enabling the Right Honourable Charles Philip Lord Stourton, and the Right Honourable Mary Lady Stourton, his Wife, the Right Honourable Hugh Lord Clifford, and the Right Honourable Appolonia Lady Clifford, his Wife, and Robert Butler Esquire, and the Honourable Elizabeth Butler, his Wife, to charge their Estates at Holme, in the East Riding of the County of York, with a competent Sum of Money for the Purpose of improving the same, and also to grant building and other Leases of the said Estates, and of their other Estates in the Counties of York and Stafford.

37. An act to enable the surviving Parties to certain Articles of Agreement made previous to the Marriage of the Honourable John Darner, deceased, with the Honourable Ann Seymour Conway (now Ann Damer, Widow), to insert in the Settlement to be executed in pursuance of the said Articles, proper Powers for raising the Sum of forty thousand Pounds for the Purposes in the said Articles mentioned.

38. An act for rectifying Mistakes in the Marriage Settlement of Lord and Lady Camelford, and for making a further Provision for the younger Children of the said Marriage.

39. An act to resettle certain Freehold and Copyhold Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Norfolk, to the Uses, and subject to the Powers limited or expressed of and concerning the same, by the Settlement made on the Marriage of William John Spearman Wasey Esquire, and Elizabeth Honoria, his Wife.

40. An act for vesting the Estate late of John Shipton Esquire, deceased, in the County of Warwick, in Trustees, to be sold and disposed of for the Payment of his Debts and certain of the Legacies given by his Will and Codicil, and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the Uses, and for the Purposes, therein mentioned.

41. An act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Walter Stanhope and John Shuttleworth Esquires, in the Counties of York and Derby, in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged, and for laying out the Purchase Money of the Estates so to be sold, in other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, and for enabling the Tenants for Life to grant building and repairing Leases, and for confirming the Election made between the said Parties respecting the said Estates.

42. An act for effecting an Exchange between Rebecca Assheton Widow, and the Right Honourable James Earl of Salisbury, of certain small Parts of their Estates in the County of Herts.

43. An act for vesting an undivided Moiety (being the settled Estate of Samuel Williamson, a Lunatick) of and in certain Lands in Liverpool in the County of Lancaster, in Trustees, to be sold, with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, and for laying out the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

44. An act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Richard Parry Esquire, in the County of Denbigh, in North Wales, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale in discharging the Incumbrances affecting the same and other Estates of the said Richard Parry, and for substituting and settling another Estate of greater Value in lieu thereof.

45. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Broughton, in the County of Northampton.

46. An act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Huddersfield, in the County of York.

47. An act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Canwick, in the County of the City of Lincoln, and for separating, dividing, and appropriating, an Open Common called Canwick, or The South Common, adjoining thereto; and for extinguishing certain Rights of Common in and upon the same, and also in and upon the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Lands; and for making Compensations in lieu thereof respectively.

48. An act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Berwick Saint John, in the County of Wilts.

49. An act for vesting Part of the Estate of Thomas Whichcot Esquire, deceased, in the County of Lincoln, in Trustees, for Sale, to pay off Incumbrances affecting the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

50. An act to impower the Guardians of William Phillips Inge Esquire, and of his Sisters, to make or grant building and other Leases during their respective Minorities; and also to make Exchanges of intermixed Lands in or near the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

51. An act for vesting the Estate comprized in the Settlement made on the Marriage of the Reverend Thomas Beaumont Clerk, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same, and apply the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled, in like Manner, in lieu thereof.

52. An act for applying Part of the Trust Fund which was given by the Will of Doctor Ralph Freeman, for repairing or rebuilding the Vicarage House of the Parish of Barking, in the County of Essex, in purchasing a convenient Piece of Ground in the said Parish, and in building a new Vicarage House thereon.

53. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Downs, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places, within the Parish of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton.

54. An act for enabling the Right Honourable Edmund Earl of Cork and Orrery, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Baron Boyle of Marston, in England, to pull down the present Parish Church of Marston Biggott otherwise Marston Bygood) in the County of Somerset) and for building a Hew Parish Church there.

55. An act to enable William Bamford Esquire, and the several other Persons therein mentioned, to grant Leases of certain Parts of the settled Estates, in the several Counties of Lancaster and Chester, lately of or belonging to Ann Bamford Spinster, deceased, upon the Terms and Restrictions therein mentioned.

56. An act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of John Rich Gentleman, and Elizabeth his Wife, in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising therefrom in Payment of Incumbrances, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, and for laying out the Surplus of such Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled, to the same Uses.

57. An act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons, called Belper Ward and Chevin Ward, in the County of Derby, and certain Waste Lands within the Liberties of Duffield, Belper, Haslewood, and Makeney, within the Parish of Duffield, in the said County of Derby.

58. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Pastures, and also a Piece of Common adjoining to Chelworth Common, all within the Manors and Tything of Great and Little Chelworth, or one of them, in the Parish of Cricklade Saint Sampson, in the County of Wilts.

59. An act for vesting Part of the devised Estates of the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Foley, deceased, in the County of Worcester, in Samuel Skey Esquire, in Fee Simple, in Exchange for another Estate of equal Value, and for effecting a Sale of other Part of the said devised Estates to the said Samuel Skey, pursuant to an Agreement made by the said Lord Foley in his Life Time, and for investing the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

60. An act for naturalizing Albertine Marianne Trefusis.

The end of the TABLES.

THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. Regis:

Being the THIRD Session of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

Vol. XXXV. Part II.

THE

Statutes at Large,

FROM

MAGNA CHARTA

To the END of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain,

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

By Danby PICKERING, of Gray's Inn, Esq.

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XXXV

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOHN ARCHDEACON, Printer to the UNIVERSITY;

(By Assignment from the Executor of Mr. Charles Bathurst,)

for Jos. Johnson, in St. Paul's Churchyard, and David Ogilvy, in Middle Row, Holborn, London. 1786.

CUM PRIVILEGIO.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno regni GEORGII III. Regis, Magnae Britannia, Franciae, & Hiberniae, vicesimo sexto

AT the parliament begun and held at Westminster, the eighteenth day of May, Anno Domini 1784, in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of our sovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued, by several prorogations, to the twenty-fourth day of January, 1786; being the third session of the sixteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act for confining, for a limited time, the trade between the ports of the United States of America, and his Majesty's subjects in the island of Newfoundland, to bread, flour, Indian corn, and live stock, to be imported in none but British built ships, actually belonging to British subjects, and navigated according to law, clearing out from the ports of his majesty's European dominions, and furnished with a licence according to the form hereunto annexed.

[Preamble.]

---

WHEREAS is expedient to regulate, for a limited time, the trade between the ports of the United States of America and his Majesty's subjects. in the island of Newfoundland: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted $ and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority

43*>. J. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 1. [1786.

Restrictions

of the same, That, from and after the passing of this tatioif a anc during the continuance of the same, no goods or com goodsinto' modities whatsoever shall be imported or brought into any Newfound port, harbour, or place, in thefifland of Newfoundland, or the land. adjacent islands to his Majesty belonging, from any place or

country belonging to the united dates of America, upon any pretence whatsoever, except bread, dour, Indian corn, and live flock, under the restrictions and regulations herein after mentioned; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

il^and it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore No bread, said, That, from and after the passing of this act, and during flour, Indian the continuance of the same, no bread, flour, Indian corn, or flock "to be ^ve flock, shall be brought or imported, from any place or imported into country belonging to the said united states of America, into any Newfound port, harbour, or place of the said island of Newfoundland, or land from the the adjacent islands to'his Majesty belonging, except in britifl) of America kuilt which actually and bona fide belong to and be

except inca wholly owned by British subjects, and navigated according to licensed law, and Which shall, within the space of seven months previ british built pus tole time of such importation, have cleared Out from some ships, etc. port in Great Britain, or some other part of his majesty's dominions in Europe, for which purpose a licence shall have been granted lay the commissioners of brs Majesty Vcuftdms in England or Scotland) nr the fcomnaiflioneri of his majesty's revenue in Ireland) or any other persons who may be duly authorised in ttiat kingdom, respectively, in, the manner and form herein after mentioned; which licences shall continue and be in force

for seven calendar months from the day of tlje date upon which they are respectively granted, and no longer.

Xime for licences

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such granting licence shall be granted by virtue of this act after the thirtieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

limited.

Master of vef

IV. And jt js iiercby further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That the master or person having the charge or command lei to deliver of any ship or vessel to whom such licence shall be granted'custotn house upon the arrival of the said ship or vessel at the port, har

officer at pert bour, or place in the island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent of discharge; islands to his Majesty belonging, where (he shall discharge such bread, flour, Indian corn, or live flock, deliver up the said licence to the collector or other proper officer of the customs there, having first endorsed upon the back of such licence the marks, numbers, and contents of each package of bread, flour, and Indian corn, and the description and tale of each sort and who shall give species of live flock, on forfeiture of one hundred pounds; and a certificate the collector, or other proper officer of the customs at new thereof, etc. fioundland, is hereby enjoined and required to give a certificate to the master or person having the charge or command of such ship or vessel, of his having received the said licence so endorsed as before directed, and to transmit the same to the of

of his majestyrs customs in England or Scotland or to the commissioner

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 4$

of his majesty's revenue in Ireland respectively, ty whom such licence was granted -

And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any bread, flour, Indian com, or live flock, shall Goods im be imported or brought from any place or country belonging to Port the said united flares of America, into the said island of new foundlandor the adjacent islands to his Majesty belonging, with felted out the licence by this act directed; if any other goods or commodities whatsoever shall be lehported or brought into the said island of Newfoundland, or the adjacent islands to his Majesty belonging, from any place or country belonging to th said united states of America, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, ajl such bread, flour, Indian corn, live flock, and other goods, together with the ship or vessel in which the same shall be so imported or brought, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer of the customs in the said island, and the same, as well as the pecuniary penalty in fiided by this act, may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in any court of vice admiralty which shall have jifrifdidion within the said island of Newfoundland and, after" deducing Hdw to Be the charges of prosecuting the same from the gross produce divided, thereof, the remainder shall be given, one third to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, one other third to the governor of the said island, and the other third, to the officer or officers of the customs who shall seize and prosecute for the same

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall continue in force from the commence Continuance ment thereof until the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand tlli8 seven hundred and eighty eight

The Form of the Licence directed by this Act.

By the commissmers for managing and causing to be levied and collected his Majesty's customs, fobfidies, and other duties, in [where].

WHEREAS [name of the person], one of his Majesty's subjects residing at [place

where], hath given notice to us the of of his majesty's [customs in Great Britain, or revenue in Ireland,] that he intends to lade at [some port

of the united states in America], and import into [some part of Newfoundland], in the [ship's name

a british z ship, [describing the tonnage, and what sort of vessel], navigated according to law, whereof [matter's name] is master, bound to [where

and it appearing by the register of the said ship the [ship's name], whereof [matter's name] is master,

that the said ship the [ship's name] was built at

[place where], and owned by [owner's name], residing at [place where], all his

G Majesty's

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 2  4. [1786.

jmajejlfii stritish subjects, and that no foreigner, directly or indirectly % bath any Jbare, party or interest theretn:

r "tv:

Now. bt it known that the said, name], bath

licence to Jade on board the said ship flip's name], df

and from any port or place belonging to the united fates of America, breads flour, Indian corn and live flock, the produce of the said unitedfates, and no other, article whatsoever, and to carry the said bread, flour, Indian corn, and live flock, to some port or place on the island of Newfoundland, or theadjacent islands to his Majesty belonging 5 and on the arrival of the said ship at any port, harbour, or place of discharge in Newfoundland, br the adjacent ifands to his Majesty belonging, the moser or.person having the charge or command of the said ship is required and enjoined to deliver up the said licence to the collector, or other proper officer of his Majesty's customs there, and to eridorfe on the back thereof, the marks, numbers, and contents of each package of bread, flour, or Indian corn, and the description and tale of each sort and species of live flock, on penalty of one hundred pounds; and shall thereupon receive a certificate thereof from the said collector, or other proper officer of the customs.

This licence to continue in force for calendar

months from the date hereof.

Signed by us the at the

this day of one thousand seven hundred and

Licence to import bread, flour, Indian corn, and live flock, the produce of the united slates of America, into Newfoundland.

CAP. II.

An act to continue an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of hay.

45 Geo. 3. c. 61. further continued till one month after the commencement of the next session of parliament.

CAP. III.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, lo be raffed in Great Britain, for the fervkc of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, at 48. in the pound: 4, 037, 6471. 98. and a farthings \ whereof to be raised in England 1, 989, 673l. 7s. and iod. farthing: and in Scotland 47, 9541. is. and ad. by an eight months cess of 5, 9941. 5s. and id. three farthings, per menfem. Clause of loan at 4l. and xos.

percent, per ann.

CAP. IV.

An act for further continuing, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty-third year of the reign of hi present Majesty, intituled An act for preventing certain instruments from being required from ships belonging to the united state of America; and to give to his Majesty, for a limited time, certain powers for the better carrying on trade and commerce between the subjects of his majesty'a dominions and the w inhabitants

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 5  8.

inhabitants of the said united states; and for further continuing, for' a limited time, an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to extend the powers of an act, made in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, for giving his Majesty certain powers for the better carrying on trade apd commerce between the subjects of his majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the united states of America, to the trade and commerce of this kingdom with the British colonies and plantations in America, with respect to certain articles therein mentioned.

43 Geo. 3. c. 39. 24 Geo. 3. c. 45. and % $ Geo. 3. c. 5. V recited, and further continued until April j, 1787.

CAP. V

An act to regulate the exportation of hops to Ireland;

45 Geo. 3. c. 74. fest. 11. recited. From March 6, 1786, British hops may be exported to Ireland, before duties paid, on giving proper notice, C If not exported agreeable to notice, a fresh notice to be given. Security to be given that the hops shall not be relanded, C Exporter to make oath that he believes the duties have been duly charged, C Particulars to be complied with before any debenture shall be granted for a drawback. Collector to pay the drawback. Taking a false oath, C deemed perjury. Hops relanded after giving security,

C shall be forfeited Act not to authorise exporting of hops to anyplace, or in any manner, 'not heretofore allowed; except as in this act is expressly provided. No additional drawback to be allowed, penalties and forfeitures to be recovered as any penalty, C by the laws of exi cife, or by action in any of the courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland; and one moiety to go to the King, and the other to the informer. Actions to commence three months next after the thing done, and to be laid*in the proper county. Defendant may plead the general iitue, and have treble costs.

VI

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.  Continued till June 24, 1787.

CAP. VII.

An act for the regulation of his majesty's marine forces while on shore

CAP. VIII.

An act to enable the persons therein named to provide proper places on ftiore for the reception of the crew of the Voorberg Dutch East Indiaman, forced by stress of weather into the port of Dartmouth.

That it is necessary that some provision should be made for the relief of the people belonging to the Voorberg, a Dutch east-india ship outward bound, which on her passage from Aroftercfam was forced into the port of Dartmouth in great distrefsj and in consequence of the great fatigue Suffered by the crew, they were become very sickly, many had died, and unless they were removed on shore many more would have died; therefore Arthur Holdsworth, esq; governor of Dartmouth castle, together with the mayor of Dartmouth, and the collector of the custoras, or any two of them, empowered to take possession of waste grounds or commons, at a convenient distance from any in habited hou fe, or where such waste grounds, C were not sufficient, of any other fground, etc; not being a house, park, garden, orchard, yard, or planted wal^&c^for the purpose of erecting tents or ftieds, for the reception of the crew of the fartl Ifiip, paying inch rate, relit, or consideration for the same, as shall see 3gfe6d on. If parties cannot agree on the sent the same to be settled

34. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 9. [1786.

by r jury at the quarter sessions, who are to be impanelled by the (beriff without ice or reward, and (worn to Value the ground, See.

CAP IX

An to explain Qtid amend an act of the last session of parliament, entitled Att z. for granting to his Majesty certain duties on (hops within Great Britain; for repealing several of the duties granted, by the said act, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof

Whereas several dutjes were granted upon shops, by an aff, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for granting his Majesty certain duties on (hops within Great Britain:, mi whereas we, your Majesty's mo ft dutiful and loyal fab Jess, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, do think it will be for the advantage of the public to repeal the duties upon jhops, the yearly relit or value whereof shall be under thirty pounds and to grant unto your Majesty the several new duties herein after mentioned, to be applied to the uses and purposes which the said duties formerly granted are now applicable unto; we do therefore xnoft humbly beseech Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and $ornmofc, in this present parliament assembled, and by the 5i authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of tics on (hops, thousand seven hundred and eighty six, all the duties

In houses not granted by the said act (except the duty thereby charged on any worth 3ol.per house, or other building or place, of the yearly relit or value of ann. repealed, thirty pounds, and upwards) shall cease, determine, and be no longer pafid or payable; except only such moneys as shall become due in respect of the said duties assessed at any time on or before the said fifth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and which shall be in arrear and unpaid.

Jjfew duties. _

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, there shall be charged, raised, levied, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, throughout Great Britain, the several and respective duties upon (hops fierein after mentioned; that is to say.

For every For every house, or other building, now or hereafter to he part^o^which ere$ed* any part of which shall, for the time being, be used shall be used as as 3 (hop publicity kept open for carrying on any trade, or for a retail (hop, selling any goods; wares or merchandise, by retail, and upon worth jl. per every building or place used as a (hop only, for the purposes he der iol^ad re of (be yearly relit pr value of five pounds, abd

in the pound; under ten pounds, the yearly sup of fourpence in the pound of such relit or value: wrth1* For every such house, or other building or place, of the yearly^8d?in the or vgfus' of ten pounds, and under fifteen poppds, the pound: fun of eight pcgge in the pound of such tm.orwfofi:

for

[Preamble.]

35 Geo. 3. Of 30*

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 9v*435

For every such house, or other building or place, of the; worth 15l. yearly relit or value of fifteen, pounds, and under twenty pounds d underaol. the yearly sum of one shilling in the pound' of such' relit or pound 6 value:

For every such house, or other building or place, of thewrthaou yearly relit or value of twenty pounds, and under twenty-five pounds, the yearly sum of one shilling and threepence in the the pounds pound of such relit or value:

And for every such house. other, building or place, of the worth 15l. yearly relit or value of twenty-five pounds, and under thirty pounds, the yearly sum of one (Hulling and nine peace in the pound, pound of such relit or value: J -

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no duty shall be imposed, assessed, or le Poorpersons vied by virtue of this, or of the said*act for or in re(pe& not paying to of any such house or (hop, whereof the occupier or occupiers church and by reason of his, her, or their poverty only, is or are exempted pr>xemp* from the axbual payment of the ufud taxes, assessinems* and contributions towards, the church and poor.

IV. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid That the said duties by this at: imposed, and also the New duties, arrears of the duties granted by the said former ady shall ta^?Cr* theme gether with the said unrepealed duty of two, Shillings in the mai^gement* pound on every such house, or other building or place, of the apsiapplied fa annual relit or value of thirty pounds and upwards he under the fenae pur the management of the same commissioners, and shall be afleifed, P aia*g" raised Levied, collected, paid, received, and applied*'by fitch andtormer e*the same persons, and for such and the same purpa&s* and in

such and the same form, and manner, and with such arsdt the same allowances, and under such and: tshe fau?ie penalties, as by the fei#i recited act is prescribed, with itefpetft to the duties? thereby imposed; and.alili and eatery the powers authorities rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, contained in the said act, and not hereby altered or repealed, so far as. the same were, intended to take effect ant be executed after the said fifth day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, shall be in full force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in execution throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, for raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the several duties on (hops by this a granted, as fully and effectually* to all intents and purposes as if the same qc tfee like powers, authorities, rules, dirwions* penalties, forfeitures, clauses masters, and things, were? partseuferiy repeated and re' enacted in the body of this present ah

V Provided always, and be it enacted, That inftpatj of the commission oath required to be taken by the said herein before recited acts, ers to take a every commissioner who.fhast, ftomand after the said fifth day of new oatiu Jpxik fexea hqnd^d; ar pr<^ed tp

rn qp begit* tq* arn the of the? said ahd

of this. a, shall take the folbwing oath;

Gg4 Ida

ithe oath.

luteffort

path;

f)efendanta tnay plead th genial issue.

hnd recover treble costs

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 10  12. [1786.

I DO swear That I will truly and faithfully execute the office of a commissmer for the duties on hops, and will determine upon all appeals which shall be brought before me, according to the best of my skill and knowledge.

And every assessor, or surveyor or inspector authorised to act as assessor, hall, instead of the oath required to be taken by the said herein before recited act, take the following oath, or, being a Quaker, make the following affirmation:

I DO swear, (or affirmas the case may be). That in the af Jeffiment which I shall make upon every house, building, or place, liable to the duties on shops, within the disirift or parish for which I am appointed or authorised to act as assessior, I will rate each at the true annual value, according to the best of my skill and knowledge; and that I will truly and faithfully execute the trusts reposed in me as such affiffior.

Which oaths, as also all and every other oaths which may be requisite and necessary for carrying into execution this or the said recited act, any two or more of the of within each county, city, or place respectively, are hereby authorised to administer.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be*sued t>r prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any matter or thing in this act contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence; and if Upon a trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble qofts to him or them awarded against the plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. X

An act for puniftnng mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their.quarters.

From March 44, 1786, to March 45, 1787. Number of forces 17, 638, including 4, 030 invalids.

CAP. XI.

An act for enlarging the term of several acts of parliament, for the repair of Dover harbour.

ari & ia Gul. 3. p. 5. 4 Annie, C 7. 4 Geo. 1. c. 13.9 Geo. X 11 Geo. 4. 31 Geo. 4. C 8. Former acts further continued for ai years. Expenses of this act to be paid out of money arising from rates or duties. To be a public act.'

CAP. XII.

An act For opening, making, widening, and altering certain streets, passages, and places, withip the town of Liverpool, in the county palatine of Lancaster; for supptying the said town with frefih and wholesome

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. ij, 14.

water; for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein; < for appointing additional market places; and for extending so much of the power of an act of the second year of his present maje fty, as relates to hackney coachmen, chairmen, carters, and porters, to a certain distance beyond the liberties of the said town.

CAP. XIII.

An act to continue and render more effectual so much of an act passed in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, as imposes a duty on Ships and vessels anchoring in the harbour of Alloa, in the county of Clackmannan, for repairing the pier of the said harbour.

CAP. XIV.

An act to prevent frauds and abuses in the admeasurement of coals, sold by wharf measure, within the several parishes lying between Putney and Rotherhithe, both inelusive, in the county of Surry.

Preamble recites 19 Geo. . C 3$ & 7 Geo. 3. c. 13. A land coal meter's office near Blackfriars bridge appointed, and five subordinate offices, to be managed by David Evans and John Burnett; subject to the control of the quarter sessions. Justices to administer oaths. Appointing other metres in cases of death or removal. Principal coal metre to be sworn. The oath, viz.

I A.B. do swear, [or, being of the people called Quakers, do solemnljr affirm], That I will truly and faithfully, according to the best or'my judgement and ability, execute the office of principal land coal metre for the several wharves between Putney and Saint Mary Rotherhithe, both inelusive, in the county of Surrey.

'So help me GOD.

Labouring metres to be appointed, and deputies. Pcfcalty on principal metres for not appointing, and on labouring metres for neglecting to attend. Labouring meter's oath, viz.

I A.B. do swear, [or, being of the people Called Quaker, do solemnly affirm]. That I will duly and faithfully, to the best of my skill and knowledge, execute the office of one of the labouring coal metres for the several wharves situate between Putney and Saint Mary Rotherhithe, both inelusive, in the county of Surrey, and that will truly and impartially measure, or see measured, all coals between buyer and seller, without favour or hatred.

So help me GOD.

Metres not to be interested in the sale of coals. Deputies neglecting to send a labouring metre, or labouring metres not attending on notice, to forfeit aos. Stations of labouring metres to be varied. Coals to be measured in presence of a labouring metre. coal meter's see, 4d. per chaldron. Tickets to be delivered to the seller or carman, to contain thechristian and surname of the sellers and containers, the quantity, day of the week, month, year of delivery, and admeasurement; the amount of the metage charge, and the name of the carman, C Tickets to be delivered by labouring metre to carman, and by him to the consumer. Labouring coal metres refusing to deliver ticket to the carman, to forfeit d. and on the carman refusing to deliver it to the consumer, 108. Vender sending coals unmeasured or without a. ticket, to forfeit iol. % Dimensions of tacks to be feet in length, and % feet in breadth; and for using false bushel, to forfeit 5l. Wharfingers, &cvbribing metres, to forfeit 50l. Metres permitting deficient fecks to be used, to forfeit 40s. or otherwise not performing their duty, 40s, add incapacitated. ilfhe penalty it not paid within a month, it maj be recovered from, the

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 15, 16. [1786.

principal. Exemptions with respect to waterworks, or to coals bought and sold, or delivered by pool me afore; if a metre is employed, to be paid 4d. per chaldron. Metres fullering coals to pass without being roeasured, to forfeit 5l. Carman permitting coals to be taken out of his cart, to forfeit. or be imprisoned. Coals may be re measured. Penalties on vender, metre, etc. if found to be Short measure, 5l. per bushel Short, by the vender, and as. 6d. by per bushel by the coal porter Carmen to be paid as. d. per hour when hopped to re measure coals, to be paid by the vender. Dealers offending under this act not liable to penalties of 3 Geo. a. C a6. etc. but as herein mentioned. Penalties and forfeitures if above jt. to be recovered by action of debt, etc. in any court of record at Westminster, one moiety for the King and the other with costs to the prosecutor; and under 5l. to be by complaint to the justices of Surrey, one moiety to the informer, and the other to the poor of the panto; to be recovered by distress and sale of goods, and in default, 30 days' imprisonment. Person aggrieved may appeal to the quarter felftoaa. No certiorari, Actions to commence a months next after fast, and to be laid in Surrey. The defendant may plead the general issue, and have full colts. reserv ing the rights of the corporation of the city of London within Southwark, Public act,

CAP. XV.

An act for augmenting and afcectaining the income of the rectors of the parish church and parochical chapel of Liverpool.

[Public act.]

Recital of private aft 10 & n Gul. 3. n. 36. apol annually paid the ye&ors since the act, Resolution of the veffry to make an addition of 300l a year to the rectors, etc. The additional apol. a year to be raised upon the occupiers of houses, etc. and to be regulated by the poor's rate of the preceding year. Rower to levy the rate. The cok leftors ate to account with the churchwardens on oath. Itr case the whole money qollefted toali not be received from the collector, a new yate to be made ta make good the deficiency. Appeal to the quarter sessions. The provision by this act to be in lieu of tithes, etc. Not to deprive the rectors of furptice fees. The aool. a year to be, paid the rectors half yearly. Power for rectors to sue for the same. Not to Charge any poor persons or cottagers with the rates for the rectors who are not chargeable with public taxes; nor any inhabitant no renting jl. a year. Saving clause to the patrons of the parish church and chapel.^Clause reflecting seat and pews in Saint Nicholas Chapel, Rews vetted in the.rectors. The inhabitants discharged from providing any house or garden for the rectors,

[Preamble.]

14 Geo. "3# C

CAP. XVI.

An act to explain and amend certain provisions of an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesth respecting the better regulation and management of the affairs of the east-india company,

WHEREAS, by virtue of an act, made and passed in the twenty-fourth year of his present Mayefly's reigny intituled An act for the better regulation and management of the affair of the east-india company, and of the British possession* in India y and for, ofta)blij[ning a court of judicature qr the more speedy and effectual. of persons accused of offences, eomr mittwin the East Indies y it is enacted, That whenever any fyacancy oftkl office of governor genetal or president % or of any memeffftht

imwxftwhdpjfw h mff of^dewies.ff Witifam in Bengal, Fort Saint George, Bombay respectwtlys the court cf ifir&hrs of the did i&ited company flmu proceed H nominate and up'

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. x6.

point a fit person to supply suck vacancy from amongst their covenacted

servants in India, except to the office of governor-general, or the office of governor or president of Fort Saint George, or Bombay, or of any commander in chiefs to which several offices the said court of

directors have liberty to appoint any other person or persons: and

whereas a doubt may arise whether, according to the firift letter of the Jdid aft, the nominations and appointments, made or to be made by the said court ofdir eftors, of any of the covenacted servants of the said company to supply the vacant office of any counsellor or counsellors

in any of the presidencies aforesaid, are or would be valid or effectual.',

unless such covenacted servants were actually resident in India at the

times of the making of such nominations and appointments respectively::

for obviating any such doubt, may it please your most excellent Majesty that it may enacted and declared; and be it enacted and declared by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in jhis present parliament assembled,

and by the authority of the same, That the nominations and Certain no

apprrifctments which have been, or shall hereafter be made by filiations of the said court of directors, for supplying any such vacancy or f^vants by

vacancies as aforesaid, of any person or persons under covenant, the court of

or who shall have been under covenant to serve the said united directors de

company in India, were and shall be accepted, held, and taken dared valid.

to have been^nd hereafter to be valid and effectual, wheresoever

such persons were or may happen to be resident at the times of the making such nominations and appointments respectively.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au No person to thority aforesaid, That the said court of directors shall not ap be appointed point any person to be of the council, in any of the said prefi ct the dencies, (other than the governor-general, or the governor or governor ge presiden^ or commander in chief), who shall not, at the time neral, etc.) of his appointment, have been twelve years at the least, in the who has not whole, resident in India, in the civil line of the company's fer L ee" years vice; and if any such appointment other than as aforesaid shall isfcr be made, the same shall be null and void. vice.

III. And whereas it is in and by the said act also enacted, That A clause in when and fa often as the number of members of any of the councils of Gco: C Fort William, Fort Saint George, or Bombay, shall by death or recited absence, or by reafm of fukness, or otherwise, for fourteen days.", be reduced to two, including the governor-general, or preftdent of such council, the person who shallfiand senior in such provisional appointment as is therein before mentioned, or in case there shall be no such appointment, then the senior civil servant of the said company upon the spotfball be called to fitch council, and shall have a voice therein, in like manner as if be had been appointed thereunto by the said directors:

and whereas the said recited clause orpfovifio# hath been productive nf difficulty and etnbarraffinent: be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much and such part of the said and repealed vedted as dirpdts that the fenifcf civil servant of the com patiy upon the spot shall, upon any of thr occasions, or in any f tfre events aforesaid, be catted to th council of any of the V said

Temporary Counsellors how to he appointed at Fort William, etc.

Part of the recited act, relative to commanders in chief, repealed.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. \6. [1786.

said presidencies, or have voice therein, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as the number of members of any of the councils of Fort Williami Fort Saint George, or Bombay, shall, by death or resignation, be reduced to two, including the governor-general, or the president of such council for the time being respectively, and there shall happen to be no person on the spot provisionally appointed to succeed to a seat in such council, the governor-general and council within the presidency of Fort William, and the governor or president and council of Fort Saint George, and the governor or president and council of Bombay, within their respective presidencies, shall, and they are hereby several iy required to call to such their respective councils such person from amongst the civil servants of the said company in such government or presidency respectively, who shall have been in the service of the said company in India, as a covenacted servant, for the space of twelve years, at the least, in the whole, as the said governor-general and council, or governors or presidents and councils, in their several presidencies, shall several iy and respectively think fit; and the person so calied: shall have^t seat and voice in council, and continue to be a member thereof until the vacancy shall be duly supplied and filied, according to the directions of the said recited act, and this presentatftj add that every person who shall be so called by the said governor-general and council, or governors or presidents and councils respectively, to a seat in the council of any of the said presidencies, shall be entitled, for the time he shall continue therein, to the salary and allowance annexed to that office or station, and shall and may continue to hold any other office or employment which he enjoyed at the time of his being called to a seat in council, if compatible therewith; or such office or employment shall and may be held by any deputy, approved and allowed by order in council, during the time of the person so called holding his seat at the council board, such deputy receiving the profits and emoluments thereof for his own use and benefit.

V. And whereas it is in and by the said recited act enabled, That the commander in chief of the company's forces in India for the time being shall have voice and precedence in the supreme council next after the govornor general of Fort William; uni that the commanders in chief at Fort Saint George, and Bombay shall respectively be of the council in the said respective presidencies: and whereas it may be more expedient that any such commander in chief Should not, by virtue of his said office, be a member of any of the said respective councils, unless he be specially appointed thereto: be it therefore enacted, That so much and such part of: the said a as'directs, that the commander in chief of the company's forces in India for the time being, or the commanders in chief in the presidencies or settlements of Fort Saint George and bombayshall, by virtue of their said respective offices, be a member or members 6f any of the councils of Fort William, Fort Saint George, or Bombay, respectively,

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 16. 441

or have any voice or presidence therein, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Directors or in any former act contained shall extend to preclude the may appoint court of directors of the said united company from appointing fu^utbe the commander in chief of the companyvforces in India to be governor ge governor-general or a member of the supreme council at Fort neral, etc. at william in Bengal; or from appointing either of the said comfort will manders in chief of Fort Saint George and Bombay, to be president

or member of the council for the presidenoy wherein he shall so dertn^fef* be the commander in chief 5 or to prevent or preclude the court of Fort Saint of directors of the said company from appointing the governor George, or general of Bengal, or any other member of the supreme council pombary?to for the time being, to be the commander in chief of the com therecetc pany's forces in India,; or from appointing either of the gover9nors or presidents of Fort Saint George and Bombay, or any of the members of council of the said respective presidencies for the time being, to be commander in chief of the forces within the same presidency of which he shall be the governor or president, or a member of council, if the said court of directors shall think fit and expedient so to do.

VII. And whereas it would tend greatly to the strength andfecu rity of the Britishv possesstons in India, and give energy, vigour, and dispatch to the measures and proceedings of the executive government within the respective presidencies, if the governor-general of Fort William in Bengal and the several governors or presidents of Fort Saint George, and Bombay, were vefied with a discretionary power of acting without the concurrence of their respective councils, or forbearing to act, according to their opinions in cases of high importance, and essentially offefting the public interest and welfare, thereby subjecting themselves personally to answer to their country for so acting or forbearing to act $ be it therefore enacted, That when and so often in extraordi as any measure or question shall be proposed or agitated in the nary cases, the supreme council at Fort William in Bengal, ox in either of the ^ove]rnor ge" councils of Fort Saint George and Bombay, whereby the interests ^actwith of the said united company, or the safety or tranquillity of the out"the con british possessions in India, or any part thereof, are or may, incurrence of the judgement of the governor-general, or of the presidents of the council, such councils respectively, he essentially concerned or affe&edj

and the said governor-general, or such presidents respectively,

shall be of opinion, that it will be expedient either that the measures so proposed or agitated ought to be adopted or carried into execution, or that the same ought to be suspended, or wholly rejected, and the several other members of such council then present shall differ in, and dissent from such opinion, the said governor-general, or the president of such council, and the other members thereof, shall, and they are hereby directed forthwith mutually to exchange with, and communicate in council to each other in writing, under their respective hands,

(to be recorded at large on their secret consultations), the respective grounds and reasons of their respective opinions 5 and

44, 4. _ alido.jn^flip'&king^oft6nllt: JC.

[17

if, after considering the same, the said governor-general, or the said presidents respectively, and the other members of the said council shall fever^uy retain their opinions, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governor-general in the supreme council of Fort William or for either of the said governors or presidents in their respective councils, to make and declare any order to be figaed and subscribed by the said governor-general, or by the governor or president making the same) for suspend. ingot rejecting the measure or question so proposed or agitated in part or in whole, or to make and declare such order and resolution for adopting and carrying the measure so proposed or agitated into execution, as the said governor-general, or the said governors or presidents in their respective councils, shall think fit and expedientwhich said last mentioned order and resolution, so made and declared, shall be signed, as well by the said governor-general, or the governor or president, so making and declaring the same as by all the other members of the council then present, and shall be as effectual and valid, to all intents and purposes, as if all the said other members had advised the same, or concurred therein; anything in the said former act contained to the contrary notwithstan<jing; ?od the said members of council, and all officers civil and military, and all other persons concerned, shall be, and they are hereby commanded, authorised, and enjoined to be obedient thereto, and to be aiding and assisting in their respective Rations in the carrying the same into execution.

Governor ge

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said governor-general, etc. to neral, or the governor or president who shall declare and com be^responu manj any such or(jer or resolution to be made and recorded without the assent or concurrence of any of the other members of council, shall alone be held responsible for the same, and the consequences thereof, the powers

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing given to the n is ad contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, governor ge to give power to the said governor-general of Fort jvtlliam in neral, etc, Bengal or to either of the said governors or presidents of Fort Saint George and Bombay respectively, to make or carry into execution any order or resolution which, before the passing of this act, could not have been lawfully made and executed with the concurrence of the councils of their respective governments of presidencies; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, Bifcretionary That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed be^exerdfed  to exten<*>to g*v any discretionary power or authority of acting by any gover or forbearing to ad, without the concurrence of the other mem nor general, bers ofcouncil, unto any personon whom the said office of governor etc. who shall general, or the said office of governor or president, respectively ceed\o such happen to devolve, by the death or resignation of any go office. vernor general, governor or president, for the time being respectively,

unless such person shall have been provisionally appointed

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. CI

pointed to fwcceed to fiidi respective office by the court of di redors of the said company or unless and until he Avail be afterwards confirmed in the said.office by the said court; but that during the time any of the said offices Avail be so held and exe cured by any person, of whom the same Avail have so a&aliy devolved, unlifs he Avail have been so provisionally appointed thereto, or until he Avail be so confirmed therein as aforesaid, all matters, acts, orders, and re foliations of the respective council wherein such persons Avail so preside. Avail be determined by the majority of the council, in the like manner as if this act had not been made; anything hereinbefore contained, to, the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained Avail entitle the said governor-general of Fort William in Bengal or either of the governors or presidents of Fort Saint George and Bombay, respectively, to make or carry into exect* lion any order or resolution without the concurrence of the councils of their respective governments in any matter which shall come under the consideration f the said governor-general and governors or presidents, and their councils respectively, in their judicial capacity, or with respect to the making or repealing or fafpending any general rule, order, or regulation, for the good order and civil government of the said: united company's settlements, or with respect to the itnpofing of any tax or duty within their respective governments or presidencies.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all; orders and other proceedings of the said supreme council; and of the said councils; os Fort Saint George III.d. Bombay, rd|>edi: vely, Avail in future be expressed to be made by the governor general in council, or by the governor or president in council, and not other wise; and that all the said orders and proceedings, previous to their being pub LI Aved in the respective presidencies. Avail besigned by the chief secretary to the council of the presidency, or his deputy for the time being, by the authority of the governor-general in council, or the governor or president in council; any act or usage to the contrary notwithstanding,

XIII. And whereas the principle of promotion and advancement intended to be established by the said act, so far as relates to the civil line of the company's service in India, may be tarried into effect with more convenience to the publitk service in the manner herein after directed; be it therefore further enacted, That all vacancies, happening in any of the offices, places, or employments, in the civil line of the company's service in India, (being under the degree of a member of the council. Avail be from time to time filled up and supplied from amongst the servants of the said company belonging to the presidency wherein such vacancies Avail respectively happen, subject only to the restrictions in this act contained, and no otherwise; anything in the said former act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in the filling up and supplying such vacancies, no office, place, or employment.

Certain cases in which the new powers shall not be exercised by the governor-general, te.

By whom the orders of the supreme council, tertian be ex. to be made.

Vacancies m civil offices how to be fop plied.

Rules to be observed in filling up such vacancies.

k6 person to bold several offices to a greater amount than he is qualified to hold in a tingle office.

Members of he secret committee to be sworn.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. i [178&

ployment, the falaty, perquisites, and emoluments whereof shall ekceed fivfe hundred founds per annumr shall be conferred upon or granted to any of the said servants, who shall not have been actually resident in Indict) in the com party's service, for the space of three years atthfe least in the whole, antecedent to such vacancy; and if the salary, perquisites, and emoluments of any office, place,: or: emptoyment, (hatbejeceed. one thousanafive hundred pounds per annum, the same shall not be granted to or conferred upon any of the said servants who shall not have been actually resident \w India, in the said service, for the space of six years at the least in the whole, antecedent to such vacancy 5 and if the salary, perquisites, and emoluments of any office, place, or employment, shall eiceed three thousand pounds per annum, the same shall not be granted to or conferred upon any of the said servants, who shall not have been actually resident in India, in the company's service, for the space of nine years at the least in the whole $ and if the salary, perquisites, and emoluments of any office, place, or employment, shall exceed four thousand pounds per annurh) the same shall not be granted to or conferred upon any of the said servants, who shall not; have been actually resident in India, in the company's service, for the space of twelve years at the least in the whole, antecedent to such vacancy 5 and that all appointments, advancements, and promotions, which shall be made for supplying any such vacancies, other than: as aforesaid, shall be null and void.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no person shall, for Jhe future be capable of taking, in the civil line of the company's service, two or more offices, places; oremployments, the joint amount of the salaries, perquisites, and emoluments of which shall exceed in the whole the annual salary, perquisites, and emoluments respectively prescribed in the regulations and re firidions before mentioned; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And whereas the said court of directors for the time being are, in and by the said recited act) required from time to time, to appoint a secret committee, to consist of any number of the said din ft or st not exceeding three^for the particular purposes in the said act specifed, but no oath of secrecy was thereby provided or directed to be taken by the members of such secret committee; be it therefore further enact CD That the oath of the members of the said secret committee shall be of the tenor following; (that is to say),

The oath. X A.B. do swear, That I will, according to the best of my fkili JL and judgement faithfully execute the several trufis and powers reposed in me as a member of the secret committee, appointed by the court of directors of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies; I will not disclose or male known any of the secret orders or instructtons which shall be given, communicated, or transmitted to me by the commijfmers for the affairs of India, concerning the levying of war or the making of peace, or treating or negotiating with any of the native princes or fates of India; save

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 445

only to the other members of the said secret committee, or to the person or persons who shall be duly nominated and employed in transcrthing of preparing the same respectively\unless I shall be author ifed by the said commissioners to difdofe and make known the same

So help me GOD.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said oath shall when be taken and subscribed by the present members of the said fe to b.c. taken cret committee within fourteen days after this act shall have received his majesty's a (Tent; and that the future members of the said secret committee shall take and subscribe the said oath, before they shall respectively proceed to act in the execution of the powers and trusts to them given by the said former act, and this present act; and the said oath shall and may be administered 1 by the several and respective members of the said committee to each other; and being so by them taken and subscribed, the same shall be recorded by the secretary of the said court of directors for the time being, amongst the acts of the said court.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the said secret Secret com

committee, in the execution of their said powers and trusts, mittee may shall find it necessary to employ any person in transcribing or f^8tran* preparing any secret dispatches, orders, or instructions, required 1 5

to be transmitted by them to India, under the direction of the said former act, the said dispatches, orders, and instructions, shall be transcribed and prepared, either by thedecretary of the court of directors for the time being, or by the officer called The Examiner of Indian Correspondence, for the time being, and by no other person or persons, unless with the approbation and consent of the said commissioners for the affairs of India, or any three or more of them, for that purpose first had and obtained 5 and that as well the said secretary and examiner, as every other who shall take person who shall be intruded with the transcribing or preparing an oath of fe any of such dispatches, orders, or instructions, shall, before they crecy shall rerpehvely enter upon that duty, take and subscribe, before two or more of the members of the said secret committee, an oath of secrecy, as near unto the tenor and form of the oath herein before provided, and directed to be taken by the members of the said secret committee, as the case will admit; and the members of the said committee, or any two of them, are hereby authorised and required to frame and administer such oath accordingly, and to attest the taking and subscribing of the same by the said secretary and examiner, and all other persons who, shall be employed by them as aforesaid, and to cause the same to be recorded amongst the acts of the said court of directors.

XIX. And be it enacted, That this act shall take place and commence have commencement in Great Britain, immediately after this * act shall have received his majesty's royal assent; and shall take a

and have commencement, In the several presidencies aforesaid.

44& Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. i y^io.

[1786.

said, and in they territories thereunto belonging, from the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven. Publickatt*

XX. And be it further enacted, That this at shall be, and shall be deemed and taken to be, a public at.

CAP. XVII.

An act for paving, repairing, clean ling, lighting, and watching the streefs, lanes, ways, passages, and places, within the town of Tewkesbury, and the precincts thereof, in the county of Gloucester; for the removal of presect, and prevention of future, encroachments, nuisances, and annoyances therein; for regulating carts and other carriages, and afceftaining the rates of carriage; and for widening some part of the street called Church street, within the said town.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the town and borough of Deal, and the parishes of Ripple, Sutton, north bourn, Great Mongeham, Little Mongeham, Tiimanltone, betftian ger, Ham, and Sholden, in the county of Kent.

The mayor, jurats, recorder, and common council men of the town and borough of Deal, in the county of Kent, for the time being; and several other persons named of to hold a court to be styled the court of requests in the town and borough of Deal. Commissioners to hold courts the first Monday in every month, and three of them to determine all causes where the demand is under 40s. and above as. except for relit where the title may come in question, or testamentary or matrimonial causes, or any ecclesiastical matter, or for money won at gaming, or forfeiture on Statute or bye law, or where no promise or acknowledgment in six years, with her usual directions.

CAP. XIX.

An act to amend and render more effectual two acts, made in the sixth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for erecting a workhouse in the town and borough of Plymouth, in the county of Devon; and for setting the poor on work, and maintaining them there; and for obliging the mayor and commonalty of Plymouth to contribute towards the county rates of Devon; and for applying for the relief of the poor in the said workhouse, certain surplus moneys which have formerly arisen by the assessment for raising the land tax in the said town; and for granting further power to the guardians of the poor of the town of Plymouth, in the county of Devon.

A private a dt of 6 Anns, n. 6. recited. A 3a Geo. %, C 59. recited.

CAP. XX.

An act to amend, and render effedhial, two acts, of the ninth and fifteenth years of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Coventry canal navigation to the city of Oxford.

Act 9 Geo. 3. c. 70. & 15 Geo. 3. c. 9. recited. Power to raise a further sum Of 6o, ooool. by the company of proprietors of the Oxford canal navigation, their successors and assigns at interest, on the credit of the rates and duties, C Arrears of interest upon the share due at midsummer, 1785, mad stock. Proprietors of shares to have such dividends as the company shall direct, not exceeding 4l. percent, per ann. till the canal is completed, and ^30, 000l. paid off, or j percent, per ann. afterwards. Interest of the money borrowed to be paid, in preference to

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 21  24.'

dividends upon the hares. Interest of the money borrowed by virtue of aft 15 Geo. 3. to be first paid. Proprietors may become possessed of one hundred hares each. Power to convey water to the canal from Churchover. The restriction against conveying cpals from the canal down the Isis, Charwell, and Thame towards London, varied, and coals, C may be carried to Reading.

CAP XXL

An act for repairing the highways and bridges in the county of Dumbarton.

The preamble recites that the powers granted by the law in Scotland, relative to highways and bridges, and the services in work and money authorised to be exacted, have been found inefficient to amend and keep in repair the roads and bridges within the county of Dumbarton; therefore it is enacted, That the said county be divided into six districts, viz. Row and Rofeneath to meet at Row; Lufs and Aroquhar at Lufs; Dumbarton, Cardross, and Bonnill, at Dumbarton 5 Kilmaronock at Kirkhouse of Kilmaronock; Old Kilpatrick and New Kilpatrick at Old and New Kilpatrick alternately; Easterand Wester Lenzie at Cumbernauld and Kirkintilloch alternately All persons in his own right, or in right of hi wife, in actual possession, as proprietor or liferenter, of lands in the said county, valued in the cess books at one hundred pounds Scots, valued relit, and the eldest son of every person possessed of two hundred pounds Scots of valued relit, as above, and the provost and eldest baillie of Kirkintilloch, and the baron baillie on the estate of Cumbernauld, one of the guardians and trustees of minors, and the factors or baron baillies of non resident heritors?, appointed trustees to put this act in execution.

CAP. XXII.

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of fttiall debts within the town and port of Sandwich, and vill of Ramsgate, and the parishes of Minster and Saint Lawrence, in the Isle of Thanet, Walmer Ash next Sandwich, Eastry, Wingham, Staple, Goodneftone next winghaem, Chillenden, Npnnington, Woodnesborough otherwise Winfborow, Eythorne, Word otherwise Worth, Eimestone, Preston next wing ham, Ickhara, and Wickhambreux, in the county of Kent.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for the appointment of an additional overseer for the better government of the poor of the parish of Westbury, in the county of Wilts.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for building a new gaol and house of correction for the county of Salop, and the several boroughs, towns corporate, liberties, franchises, and places within the same $ and for explaining and amending an act made in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for building a new hire hall and guildhall for the county of Salop, and the town of Shrewsbury, in the said county $ and for the other purposes therein mentioned.

Justices of the peace of the county, and several boroughs, C appointed of, but not to be interested. John Flint treasurer of the county to be treasurer to the of, and Thomas Wingfield clerk of the peace for the County to be clerk to the of, on giving security, and to have ialaries, C Commissioners may treat for the purchase of lands, and incapacitated persons may treat for the sale of lands. Premisei to be conveyed on payment of the purchase moneys In case of defect rftitle, etc the sums awarded to be paid into the hands

hosted by

44-8 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 25.

ctf the treasurer, for the use of the parties interested. Money paid to any corporation, etc. to be invested in lands to be settled to the same tifes. Mesne profits may be recovered by the party entitled If the parties neglect to treat, etc. the value to be settled by a jury, with the usual clauses for that purpose. Money to be raised by rates on the county, for building new gaol anrd house of correction. Afieffbrs of the land tax to afiefs and levy the rate. Rate not more than 3s. in the pound in the whole, nor more than 6d. in the pound in any one year. Moneys raised by this act to be applied first to pay the expenses of the act, and then to put the same in execution. Commissioners to cause a gaol and house of correction for the county, boroughs, etc. to be built on or near s the garden of Edward Pritchard near the cattle of Shrewsbury, Commissioners to receive and take proposals, and make contracts for building a; new gaol and house of correction, and may appoint a surveyor. Sub committees may be appointed. Power to dig materials out of commons and quarries, etc. That the wards and apartments be so constructed that the males be separated from the females, both by night and day, and the debtors, etc. from the felons according to the act, 14 Geo. 3. c. 59. For obtaining a supply of fresh water, may erect an engine, etc upon the river Severn. Not to prevent places usually supplied with water, from a continuance of such supply, etc. Recompense for damage to land in getting water. For securing a free circulation of air, no building, etc. (except fences not more than 5 feet high) to be erected, nor swine kept within 50 yards of such gaol. Materials vetted in the commissioners. Persons obstructing or damaging buildings, etc. to be punished. Power to remove prisoners to the new gad, when completed, for removal of prisoners from other gaols and houses of correction. After the gaol and house of correction is finished, and moneys due on that account are paid, the of to pay the balance of their account to the treasurer, etc. to be disposed of by the justices at the quarter sessions., Gaol and house of correction, when completed, to be insured, and suppgrted at the expense of the county, etc. No sum to be expended in repairing the gaol, exceeding jl. without an estimate. gaolervand keeper's accounts to be produced, and settled at the quarter sessions. Boroughs, etc. not liable to any rate for insuring, etc. the new gaol. Justices' po*er over the new house of correction, etc. the same as now. Justices may appoint an apothecary and visitors, and report to the sessions the (late of the gaol, etc. Accidental damages may be repaired by order of a justice. gaoler's salary at drferetion of the justices. No allowance to be made to any person incapable of performing the office; except forage and infirmities, at the discretion of the justices, not more than 50l. per ann. to be deducted from the salary of the acting person. All laws applicable to the purposes of this act, to be extended to it. Penalties and forfeitures, not otherwise directed, to be recovered by distress and sale of goods. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Proceedings not to quashed for want of form, etc, Persons prosecuted may plead the general issue, and have treble costs. Actions to commence six months after the fact is committed. Recital of 13 Geo. 3. C ao. is. 4d. in the pound being found insufficient, the further sum of is. in the pound to be raised. Power for of to make avenues to the shire hall and guildhall in shrewsbury complete.

CAP. XXV.

An act for obviating all doubts which have arisen, or might arise, with respect to the exclusive power of the court of directors of the east-india company to nominate and appoint the governor-general and council of the presidencj of Fort William in bengal

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS doubts have arisen whether, on the nomination and appointment of a governor-general or any of the several other

449

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 26.

members of the council of the presidency of Fort William in Bengal, in the East Indies, under and by virtue of an act, pojfed in the twenty fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the better regulation and management of the affairs of the 14 Geo. $. east-india company, and of the British possessions in India; and C for establishing a court of judicature for the more speedy and effectual trial of persons accused of offences commi ted in the East Indies, his Majesty's approbation of the same, under his sign manual, be by law required, therefore, for removing all doubts respecting the same, may it please your Majesty that it may be declared and enacted; be it declared and enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That his His majesty's majesty's approbation of the nomination and appointment of approbation the governor-general, and of the several other members of the council of the presidency of Fort William in Bengal, is*not, nor governor ge shall be necessary to render such appointments respectively good neral, etc. of and effectual in law; and that all nominations and appointments Fort William of any such governor-general, or other member or members of not necessary the said council of Fort William, by authority of the court of directors of the said company, since the passing of the before mentioned act, were good, valid, and effectual in the law, notwithstanding his majesty's approbation of the same was not signified to the said company, or to the court of directors of the said company, under his majesty's sign manual.

CAP. XXVI.

An act to amend and render more effectual the several laws novo in force for encouraging the fisheries carried on at Newfoundland, and parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the british dominions in Europe; and for granting bounties for a limited time, on certain terms and conditions.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the bounties granted to a certain number of vessels

employed in the British fishery on the banks of Newfoundland, by an act passed in the fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the encouragement of the fisheries 15 Geo. 3. carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British dominic. 31* ons in Europe; and for securing the return of the fishermen,

Tailors, and others employed in the said fisheries, to the ports thereof at the end of the fishing season, will expire on the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven: and whereas, at the expiration thereof it is expedient that new bounties Should be granted, for a limited time, under certain conditions, limitations, and restrictions: and whereas it has been found by experience, that several of the provisions and regulations contained in the laws now in force for encouraging the fisheries, carried on at Newfoundland, and parts adjacent, are inefficient to answer the good purposes thereby intended, and that it is requisite that other provisions and regulations Should be enabled: to that end, be it therefore enacted by

After Jan. i, 1787, bounties to be given to vessels fitted out from Great Britain, etc. for the Newfoundland fishery,

qualified, etc, agreeable to io8cngul. 3 C5.

450 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 26. [1786.

the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of January, pne thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, the respective bounties heroin after mentioned shall be paid and allowed annually, for ten years, to a certain number of ships or vessels employed in the British fishery on the banks of Newfoundland, under the limitations and restrictions herein after expressed; that is to say. That such vessels shall appear by their register to be briiifh built, and wholly owjjied by his majesty's subjects residing in Great Britain, Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey or Man; and shall be navigated each with a matter, and at lead three fourths of the mariners being British subjects, usually residing in his majesty's European dominions; and shall be in other respects qualified and subject to the same rules and restrictions as are prescribed by an acts, made in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled An act to encourage the trade to Newfoundland 5 and shall be fitted and cleared out from some port in Great Britain, or from the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, after the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, and after that day in each succeeding year, and shall proceed to the banks of Newfoundland; and having catched a cargo of fish upon those banks confiding of not less than ten thousand fish by tale, shall land the same at any one of the ports on the north, the east, or the south side of the island of Newfoundland, between Cape Saint John and Cape Raye on or before the fifteenth day of July in each year, and shall make one moje trip, at least, to the said banks, and return with another cargo of fish catched there, to the same port: in which case, the one hundred vessels which shall first arrive at the island of Newfoundland from the banks thereof, with a cargo of fish catcher! there, confiding of ten thousand fish by tale, at the least, and which, after landing the same at one of the ports within the limits before mentioned in Newfoundland, shall proceed again to the said banks, and return to the said island with another cargo of fish, shall if navigated with not less than twelve men each, be entitled to forty pounds each; but if any of the said one hundred vessels, so first arriving as aforesaid, shall be navigated with less than twelve men each, and not less than seven, they shall be intitled to twenty-five pounds each: provided always, That if, in either of the cases before mentioned, any of the one hundred vessels, so first arriving as aforesaid, shall be wholly navigated by men going out upon shares, that is to say, receiving a certain share of the profits arising from the voyage in lieu of wages, such of the said vessels as shall be so navigated by not less than twelve men each, shall be entitled to fifty pounds each; and if so navigated with a less number than twelve men, and not less than seven, shall be entitled to thirty-five pounds each. And further, that shall so arrive, the one hundred vessels which shall next so arrive in order of

time,

Bounties to be paid the first 100 vessels which shall arrive at Newfoundland with a cargo of fish;

to the second ioo vessels which

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 26. 451

time, on or before the said fifteenth day of July in each year, at the said island, with a like cargo, and shall proceed again to the said banks, and return from thence in the manner herein before mentioned, shall, if navigated with not less than twelve men each, be entitled to twenty-five pounds each; but if such one hundred vessels, so arriving as aforesaid the next in order of time, shall be navigated each with leis than twelve, and not less than seven men, they shall be entitled to eighteen pounds each: provided also. That if in either of the cases last mentioned, any of the vessels so arriving next in order of time as aforesaid, shall be so navigated wholly by men going out upon shares, that is to say, receiving a certain share of the profits arising from the voyage in lieu of wages, such of the said vessels as shall be so navigated by not less than twelve men each, shall be entitled to thirty-five pounds each; and if so navigated with a less number than twelve men, and not less than seven, shall be entitled to twenty-one pounds each; upon the matter or owner of every Certificates to such vessel respectively producing to the collector or other prin be produced eipal officer of his majesty's customs, at the port in Great Britain to th c<^le from whence such vessel was cleared out, or if cleared out from the g* from either of the said islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, to vernor of the collector, or other principal officer of the customs in some newfound port of Great Britain, a certificate, under the hand and seal oflan<j.ft^e the governor of Newfoundland, that the matter of such vessel had of shipa etc, produced to him a certificate, under the hands of the collector V and comptroller of the customs at the port from whence such vessel was cleared out, or if cleared out from the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, under the hands of the governor, or deputy governor, and principal officer of the customs there, testifying that such vessel was duly qualified to proceed on such fishery in pursuance of the before recited act, made in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of King William the Third 5 and that it has been made to appear to his satisfaction, by a certificate under the hand and seal of the laval officer of the district in Newfoundland where such fish was landed, or, where there is no naval officer, under the hand and seal of the commander of any of his majesty's ships Rationed there, or of such officer as the governor shall approve, specifying the time of such vessel's arrival in manner before directed, that such vessel was entitled, by the priority and time of her arrival, to one or other of the bounties therein mentioned, as the fa & may be; and that Matters and the matter and mate of such vessel had made oath, before such matestomake naval or other officer as aforesaid, that the number of fish taken oath on the first trip amounted to ten thousand at lead by tale; that he had made two trips at lead, and that all the fish on both trips were catched on the banks of Newfoundland by the crew of such vessel only; which certificate and oath the said governor, and naval or other officer as aforesaid, are hereby empowered and required to grant and administer to the matter and mate of such vessel, without fee or reward; and upon delivering up the said collectors of certificate to such collector, the respective bounties therein men customs to

Hh4 tionedp^theboun

'*ties

45. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 25. [1786.

tionecj ljbau be paid by such collector in such and the like manner, and out of the fame/unds, as the bounties herein before

mentioned to have been granted by the said recited a, made it) the said fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty. Number of

IL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, mahners^e That in each and every certificate of a ship being duly qualified longing to as aforesaid to proceed on the said fishery, there shall be inserted each vessel to the real number of the mariners then belonging to such vesse], the cevt^fi510 ancnter^ec* tc> he employed in the said fishery, distinguishing ofequahfica^e low many f them are new or green men, and whether they tiqp, are hired upon shares, or are to receive wages; which facts are

to be verified on the oath of the master of the vessel, made or taken before the person who shall grant the said certificate, and who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same, and to insert such facts in such certificate; and if such vessels shall be cleared out from the said islands of Guernfeyr Jersey or Alderney, then such oath shall be taken before a magistrate of the royal court, in the presence of the principal officer of the customs who shall grant such certificate, the whole to be attested by the governor of each of the said islands respectively; on failure whereof, such vessels shall be excluded from, the benefit of this act, and shall not be iqtitled to or receive any of the bounties herein before granted,

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Certificates That the several certificates to be given and affidavits taken in given and af Newfoundland as aforesaid, in order to satisfy the said governor in Newfound the said island, as to the f^dls to ground his certificate there land, when to upon, as herein before directed, for the payment of the said be transmit bounties, shall and are hereby required, within the district of ted to the go ga'lnt John's in the said island of Newfoundland, to be transmitted yernor, j0 the said governor at Saint John's, before the fifteenth day of

September in each year, and within any other distridf in the faicj island before the thirtieth, ay of September in each year, in order that he may perfectly examine the documents, and thoroughly investigate the same, so as to be able clearly and justly to settle the times of the arrivals as aforesaid of the several and respective vessels, and adjust the different bounties, and to whom they are and ought severally to be paid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Mdlers of That every matter of a vessel, entitled to any of the bounties vessels, previ herein before granted, shall, before he shall receive the same, ous to receiv or any part thereof, make oath before the collector and comp tie t^make" tro^er or chitef officer at the port in Great Britain where

V oath relative 2rrive on his return from the said fishery upon the

to the number banks of Newfoundland, that all the men belonging jo his ftiip of their men who sailed out with him, or a number of men equal thereto, xtturned. re returned to Great Britain, qnless any of his crew shall have died at Newfoundland or in the said voyage, either on the passage out or return home, or have defined without his knowledge or consent, or have been shipped in, or on board British vessels, for foreign markets $ which facts shall also be verified on

oath

453

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 26.

oatjh by every such mailer, before the said officers or officer of the customs, who are respectively hereby authorised and required to administer the same. 9

V. And whereas y by the said recited ary made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, it is enabled, That no hirer or employer shall pay or advance to any seaman or fisher man y or either of them, during the time he shall be in his service y more than half the wages which shall at any time be dye to him: and whereas, in the case of green men, the advance of one half of the wages may not always be sufficient to fit them out and clothe them for the season; it therefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may whatpropor be lawful for the hirer or employer of any such green men en tien of their gauged in the said fishery, to advance to any such green man, wages shall during the time he shall be in his service, a sum not exceeding^men five pounds ten Shillings, although the same shall amount to during the more than one half of the wages which shall be due to him, pro time of their vided a sum equal to the then current price of a man's passage service, home, not exceeding forty Shillings for each man, be reserved

to bear the charge of his return home, as directed by the said before recited at of the fifteenth year of his present Majesty's reign.

VI. And whereas in and by the said recited act, made in the fifteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, it is directed. That in case any seaman or fisherman shall at any time wilfully absent himself from his duty or employ, without the leave and consent of his hirer or employ ery or the agent of such hirer or employer, or shall wilfully neglesl or refuse to worky according to the true intent and meaning of his (ontraft or agreement, he shall for every day he shall Jo absent himself or neglebi or refuse to work, forfeit two days pay to such owner or employer; and whereas the said penalties have been found inefficient;

be it therefore enacted, That, where any such seaman or fiffier Penalty on man shall so wilfully absent himself from his duty or employ, seamen, etc. without the leave or consent of his hirer or employer, or shall absenting wilfully neglect or refuse to wok, for the space of one day, he from orneg shall, for every day he shall so absent himself, or wilfully neglect iecting their or refuse to work, forfeit any number of days pay not exceeding employ, five, as the said governor of Newfoundland, or his surrogate, may think just and reasonable; and such forfeiture shall be paid to the hirer or employer of such seaman or fisherman, in re compence for the loss or damage which he may have sustained fey means of, or through such absence, neglect of duty, or re fjufal to work.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, before any oil or blubber, imported from Newfoundland Mailer to be into Great Britain, shall be admitted to entry duty free, the (worn before master, or other person having or taking the charge or com jj r blubber mand of the ship or vessel importing the same, shall make oath entry^duty before the collector, or other chief officer of the customs at the free. port in Great Britain into which the said oil or blubber is imported, (who is hereby authorised and required to administer fq'ch oath, } that the same, and every part thereof, i really and

T bona

454 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 26. [1786.

bona fide the oil or blubber of fish or creatures living in the sea, actually caught and taken on the banks and (hores of the island of Newfoundland and parts adjacent, wholly by his majesty's subjects carrying on the said fishery from his majesty's European dominions, and usually residing in the said dominions 5 any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, A fimitar That, before any seal skins, imported from Newfoundland into oath to be^Great Britain, shall be admitted to entry duty free, the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of the ship or vessel importing the same, shall make oath before the collector, or other chief officer of the customs at the port in Great Britain into which such seal skins are imported, (who is hereby authorised and required to administer such oath), that the same are really and bona fide the skins of seals actually caught and taken on the banks and (hores of the said island of Newfoundland, and parts adjacent, wholly by his majesty's subjects carrying on the said fishery from his majesty's European dominions, and usually residing in the said dominions; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Clause rela That, in case any oil, blubber, or seal skins, shall be purchased tive to oil,; n the said island of Newfoundland, or the parts adjacent, and

edcatpnew imported into Great Britain from thence, the same shall and found land" may be admitted to entry duty free, provided the master, or and imported other person having or taking the charge or command of the from thence ship or vessel importing the same, shall make oath of all and britainrcat evei7 particulars respecting the purchase thereof, before the u a lu collector or other chief officer of the customs at the port in Great Britain into which such oil, blubber, or seal skins, are imported, (who is hereby authorised and required to administer such oath); and shall produce and deliver to such collector, or other chief officer, a certificate, under the hand and seal of the naval officer of the district in Newfoundland where such oil, blubber, or seal skins, were purchased; or if there shall not be any naval officer at such place, then under the hand and seal of the commander of any of his majesty's ships, stationed there, testifying that oath had been made before him, (who is hereby authorised and required, in such case, to administer the same), by the person or persons who actually caught the fish from which the oil, blubber, or the seals from which the skins mentioned in such certificate was produced or came, that such oil or blubber was really and bona fide the oil or blubber of fish or creatures living in the sea, or that such skins were really and bona fide the skins of seals, actually caught and taken on the banks and (hores of the island of Newfoundland, and parts adjacent, wholly by his majesty's subjects carrying on the said fishery from his majesty's European dominions, and usually residing in the said dominions: and provided such master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of the ship or vessel so importing such oil, blubber, and seal skins, shall also make oath,

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 26. ASS

before such collector or other chief officer, (who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same), that the oil, blubber, or seal skins so imported, are the same oil, blubber, or seal skins, mentioned and referred to in the said certificate.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, upon the importation of any foreign salt into this king Bond to be dom from any place from whence, and in the manner in which given to his such salt may be legally Imported, the importer or proprietor of ^y^ent of such salt shall be at liberty to give bond to his Majesty, his heirs the old fub and successors, for the payment of the duty commonly called fidy, etc. on The Old Subsidy, and all further subsidies, imports, and duties, the importa due and payable to and for the customs upon such salt, within tien ot at the space of twelve calendar months from the date of such bond, but without any discount or allowance for prompt payment of the said duties, or either of them; which bond the collector and comptroller of his majesty's curtoms at the port of importation are hereby authorised to take in his majesty's name, and thereupon to permit such salt to be entered and landed in the usual manner; and if such salt shall be exported again Such bonds to within the said space of twelve calendar months, the bonds which be cancelled, shall have been given for the said duties thereon, shall be can eqcr'tat" 0nx* celled and discharged; and in case the full duties payable to the thereof with customs for such (alt shall have been paid at or before the expi in 1 % months, ration of the said twelve calendar months, and such salt shall be afterwards exported into foreign parts within the time allowed by law, a drawback of all the said duties which were so paid shall be allowed in the same manner as the former drawback of the customs upon the exportation of salt was, could, or might be paid; and such salt shall be subject and liable to the same rules, regulations, restrictions, securities, penalties, and forfeitures, (except where any alteration is made by this acct), as such salt was subject and liable to by any as or acrts of parliament in force before the making of this act.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful to or for any person or persons con Not to use cerfied or employed in carrying on the said fishery, or for any any sean or seaman or fisherman hired for the purpose of carrying on the pet for catch said fishery, to use, or cause to be made use of, on the (hores of j e the said island of Newfoundland, any sean or net of any kind or than four in description whatsoever, for the purpose of catching cod fish by ches in cur hauling such sean or net on shore, or tucking such sean or net mension. into any boat or boats, the scale or mesh of which said sean or net shall be less in dimension than four inches, under the penalty of forfeiting the sum of one hundred pounds for every such offence 5 which offence may be heard and determined, and the penalty hereby incurred shall and may be recovered in the court of session of the said island, provided that such offence be complained of within the space of three calendar months after the comrmflion of the same.

XII. And whereas it is essential to the naval strength of Great Britain that the deferiion of feqmen and fishtmsn employed in the

fishery

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 2 [1786.

committed,

etc.

fishery Newfoundland, and the parts adjacent Should be prevented: and whereas, by reason of their superior skill as seamen and fish ermen, and as artificers of the implements and utmfils necessary to the carrying on of such fisheries, they are, by great temptations, exposed to be Jeduced into the service and employ of the subjects of foreign fates: and whereas the regulations and provisons made in and by an act passed in the fifteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, hereinbefore mentioned, are not sufficient to prevent the desertion of such seamen and fishermen to the service of the subjects of foreign fates; If any Britffti be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any seaman, etc. Teaman or fisherman, hired or employed in the carrying on of shall desert or the said fishery, shall desert from the said island of newfound fn>mnew clt or from said fishery, with intent to enter into the fer foundland, vice of any foreign state, or of any of the subjects of any foreign with intent to state, or shall have in any wise agreed so to absent himself or enter into the desert with such intent, or shall have actually entered into such ford^nfta^erv^ce as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the he may be*governor of Newfoundland, or his surrogates, or for the judge of

- 'the vice admiralty court for the time being, or for any justice of the peace in Newfoundland respectively, to issue his or their warrant or warrants to apprehend such person so deserting, or having agreed to desert as aforesaid, and on the oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or Witnesses, to commit him to prison, there to remain until the next court of session which shall be held in pursuance of the commission of the governor for the time being; and if, found guilty of the said offence at such session, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said court of session to order such defefter as aforesaid to be detained in prison, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three months, in case he shall have come from his majesty's Europeandominions for the purpose of carrying on the fiftieries aforesaid.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for such governor, within the space of three months, if he shall see fit, or as soon after as conveniently may be, to cause every such person so having deserted, or agreed to desert, to be put on board a passage ship or vessel, in order to his being conveyed back to the country to which he belonged, and for which the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall be paid in manner herein after mentioned; and every matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such passage ship or vessel, shall be, and is hereby required to take on board such and so many of such persons as the said governor shall direcf, not exceeding four for each one hundred tonnes of the tonnage of such ship or vessel, and foin proportion for every such ship or vessel under one hundred tonnes provided nevertheless, That no person shall be so put on board of any ship or vessel which shall not be of the burden of forty tonnes: but if any person or persons convicted of desert iefty's Euro ing or agreeing to desert as aforesaid, shall not have come

from and sent home:

bnt if not from his Main

osted by

from his majesty's dominions for the purpose of car pean domini

rying on the fhheries aforesaid, then, and in such case, that it ?n he shall and may be lawful for the said court of session to commit forumonths. such person or persons to prison, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding twelve calendar months.

XIV. And whereas it is of great importance to the trade, manufacture, and navigation of Great Britain, and of his Majestfs dominions in Europe, that all trade and mercantile intercourse between his Majests subjects, refiaing or carrying on fifloery in the island of Newfoundland with the'subjects of any foreign state, Should be prohibited; and whereas it is essentially necessary to the preservation of the benefits arising from the fishery aforesaid, to prevent the sale of any hips, vessels, or boats, or of the tackle, apparel, or furniture of the same, and of all and all manner of utensils and implements, which are or may be used in catching and curing fish, and also of all articles. and commodities of the growth, produce, and manufacture of the said island of Newfoundland, to the subjects of any foreign fate, or to any other than the subjects of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and also to prohibit the purchase of any goods or commodities whatsoever, from the subjects of any foreignfate; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Fishermen at person or persons, re(iding in or carrying on fishery in the said Newfoundland of Newfoundland, or on the banks thereof, there to sell, fe?rorbaner barter, or exchange, any ship, vessel, or boat, of what kind or any veiled, description soever, or any tackle, apparel, or furniture, used or etc.toorwith which may be used by any ship, vessel, or boat; or any feans, any foreigner, nets, or other implements or utensils, used or which may be used in catching or curing fish, or any kind of bait whatsoever used or which may be used in the catching of fish; or any kind of fish, oil, blubber, seal skins, peltry, fuel, wood, or timber, to or with any person or persons whatsoever, other than the subjects of his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons, redding or carrying on fishery Offenders in the said island of Newfoundland, shall there fell, barter, herein to be or exchange orcaufeto be sold, bartered, or exchanged, or shall committed; endeavour to sell, barter, or exchange, or shall be aiding or assisting in selling, bartering, or exchanging, or causing to be sold, bartered, or exchanged, any such ship, vessel, boat, or any tackle, apparel, or furniture, used or which may be used for the purpose of navigating any ship, vessel. boat; or any feans, nets, or other implements or utensils, used or which may be used in catching or curing fish; or any kind of bait whatsoever used or which may be used in catching fish; or any fish, oil, blubber, seal skins, fuel, wood, or timber, to any person or persons, being the subjects of any foreign date, it shall and may be lawful to and for the governor of Newfoundland, or his surrogates, or for any justice of the peace in Newfoundland, to issue his or their warrant or warrants to apprehend every such offender, and, or the oath of one or^fiore credible witness or witnesses, to com ' a mit

and to forfeit treble the value of the articles foid, etc.

Such fi tier men not to purchase any goods of, or to barter with foreigners for the same.

Offenders to be committed, and to forfeit treble the value of the goods.

Not to extend to the impor

'Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii JIL C 2 6. [1786.

mit him to prison, there to remain until the next court of session which shall be held in pursuance of the commission of the (j^id governor for the time being; and all and every such person or persons, if found guilty of the said offence at such session, shall forfeit and pay treble the value of the articles so sold or caused to be sold, or attempted to be sold as aforesaid, or bartered or taken in exchange, or in the selling, bartering, or exchanging of which, or causing to be sold, bartered, or exchanged, such person or persons was or were aiding or assisting, and the same shall be levied of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant to be granted by the said court of session for that purpose; and in case no goods upon which such distress can be made shall be found, then it shall and may be lawful for the said court to order such person or persons to be punished and dealt with in the same manner as is herein before directed with respect to deserters or persons agreeing to desert.

XVI. And whereas it is highly injurious to the trade and manu failures of his Majestfs dominions in Europe, that persons residing or carrying on fishery in the island of Newfoundland, or parts adjacent, or on the banks of the said island of Newfoundland, Should be supplied with any goods or commodities whatsoever by the subjects of any foreign fate; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons, residing or carrying on fishery in the island of Newfoundland, or parts adjacent, or on the banks of the said island of Newfoundland, shall there purchase, or take in exchange, or by way of barter, or cause to be purchased, or taken in exchange, or by way of barter, or be aiding or assisting in the purchasing, bartering for, or taking in exchange, any goods or commodities whatsoever, from any person or persons being a subject or subjects of any foreign (late; and that every person or persons residing or carrying on fishery in the said island of Newfoundland, or parts adjacent, or on the banks of the said island of Newfoundland, who shall there purchase, barter for, or take in exchange, or shall cause to be purchased, bartered for, or taken in exchange, any such goods or commodities in manner aforesaid, shall be apprehended and committed to prison, and, on due conviction before the court of session, shall forfeit treble the value of such goods or commodities so purchased, or taken in barter, or exchange, or procured to be purchased, or taken in barter or exchange, or in the purchase, barter, or taking of which in exchange, such perfop shall have been aiding.or assisting, and the same shall be levied of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant to be granted by the said court of session for that purpose; and in case no goods upon which such distress can be made shall be found, then it shall and may be lawful for the said court to order such person or persons to be punished and dealt with in the same manner as is herein before directed with respect to deserters or "persons agreeing to desert.

XVII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall; extend, or be construed to extend to hinder or prevent

bread.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 26. 459

bread, flour, Indian corn, and live flock, from being imported tation of into the said istand of Newfoundland in certain British vessels, bread>etc* in pursuance of an act passed in this present session of parliament.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the sum for which the said governor shall agree with the No more than master, or other person having or taking the charge or com 40$. to be mand of any ship or vessel, for the passage of any person or per jrageof any fons from the said island, to the place or places to which he or person from they belonged, shall in no case exceed the sum of forty Shillings newfound for each person, and shall be paid to the master of such ship or land, etc. vessel out of the moneys which shall arise from forfeitures incurred for any offence committed against this actor the ah he rein before recited, upon fpch mailer producing, to the said court of session, a certificate, under the hand and seal of such governor, of the numbers and names of the persons respectively taken

on board by his direction, and of the times they were taken on board respectively, and the several Turns agreed to be paid as aforesaid; which films the court of session are hereby required to cause to he paid to such master, if sufficient funds for that purpose fhafi remain in the hands of the said court.

XIX. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Such pay

if no sufficient fund for the payment of any Turn or sums, foments in case agreed upon as aforesaid, shall remain in the hands of the said the court of session, then and in such case every such master, or for thatupur other person having or taking the charge or command of such pose, to be ship or vessel, who shall have taken on board any number of made by the persons by order of the governor, in manner herein before di grfof the*na redted, upon producing a certificate under the hand and seal of yjf0 e na the said governor, in manner herein before directed, and making an affidavit at his return, setting forth the time during which he subsisted such person or persons, and that he did not, during that time, want any of his own compliment of men, or how many he did want of such compliment, and for what time,

shall receive from the of of the navy for the time being (who are hereby required to cause the same to be paid) sixpence per diem for the passage and provisions of such person or persons from the day of their embarkation homeward to the day of their arrival in Great Britain, the said sum of sixpence per diem only being deducted for such time and so many persons as he wanted of his compliment during his voyage.

XX. And whereas it is enacted in and by an act passed in the fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for Recital of granting certain duties in the british colonies and plantations in Geo. 3. America; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual, an c'i, y act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the better securing and encouraging the trade of his majesty'ssugar colonies in America; for applying the produce of such duties, and of the duties to arise

by virtue of the said act, towards defraying the expenses of defending, pfotediing, and securing the said colonies and plantations;

for

for explaining an act made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the encourage went of the Greenland and Eastland trades? and for the better securing the plantation trade; and for altering and disallowing several drawbacks on exports from this kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandestine conveyance of goods to and from the said colonies and plantations, and improving and securing the 'trade between the same "and Great Britain; That if any British hip or vessel shall be found sanding into, of coming out. from, either of the ifands of Saint Pierre and Miquelon, or hovering or at anchor within two leagues of the coajl thereof dr shall be discovered to have taken any goods or merchandizes on board af either of them, or to have been there for that purpose, such ship or vessel, and all the goods so taken on board there, hall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized and prosecuted by any officer of his Majesty's customs; the maler, or other person having the charge of such hip or vessel, and every person concerned in taking such goods on board hall forfeit treble the value thereof: and whereas the provisions of the said recited at? may not be sufficient to e/fefluate the good purposes thereby intended, or to prevent the export or sale of ships vessels, and boats, and of all other the goods and commodities hereinbefore enumerated and prohibited to be sold to the subjects of any foreign fate, of the purchase and import of the goods and commodities of such foreign Officers of his fates; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That majesty's it shall and may be lawful for all and every officer or officers, ^nevdoutid^ command of any of his majesty's ships stationed at

land may de" island of Newfoundland, to flop and detain all and every ship

tain suspetfed vessel, or boat, of what nature or description soever, coming to, vessels, and or going from the said island, and belonging to, or in the fer search them: vice or occupation of any of his majesty's subjects residing in trafficking with or carrying on fishery in the island of Newfoundland, adjacent, or on the banks of the said island of Newfoundland which he shall have reason to suspect to be going to, or coming from, the islands of Saint Pierre or Miquelon, fof the purposes before mentioned, in any place within the limits of their Ration, and to detain, search and examine, such (hi p vessel, or boat; and that.if, upon such search or examination, it shall appear ro such officer or officers that there is reasonable ground to believe that such ship, vessel or boat, or any tackle apparel, or furniture, used, or which may be used, by any ship, vessel, or boat, or any implements or utensils used, or which may be used, in the catching or curing of fish or any fish, oil blubber, seal skins, fuel, wood, or timber, then on board of such ship, vessel, or boat, was or were intended to be sold, bartered for, or exchanged, to the subjects of any foreign state, or shall be discovered to have been so sold, bartered for or exchanged; or if any goods or commodities whatsoever shall be found on board such ship, vessel, or boat or shall be discovered to have been on board, having been purchased or taken in barter or exchange from the subjects of any foreign state 5 then, and in every such case to seize and send back such ship, vessel, or

boat.

and if any contraband goods are found on board, such vessels and

goods shall be forfeited

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 26j.

boat, to the island of Newfoundland \ and that such, ship, vessel, j or boat, and such goods and commodities so found on bpard, 1 shall, upon due condemnation, be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be prosecuted for that purpqfe, by the officer or officers so seizing the same, in the vice admiralty court of the said island of Newfoundland; such forfeiture to be given, one moiety to the said officer or officers, and the other moiety to the governor of Newfoundland ior the time being, to be applied, under the direction of such governor, in defraying the passages home of such person or persons as by this or any former act are directed to be sent back to the country to which they belong.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, in case any libel, information, or other suit or proceeding Clauserelative whatsoever, shall be commenced and brought to trial, in the court of vice admiralty in the said island of Newfoundland, on jan<l account of the seizure of any ship, vessel, boat, or goods, for count of the the condemnation of the same, for any of the causes herein seizure of before mentioned, wherein a decree shall be pronounced for or vessel8> etc in favour of the defendant or defendants, claimer or claimers thereof, and it shall appear to the judge or court, before whom the same shall be tried, that there was a probable cause for seizing the said ship, vessel, boat, or goods, the judge before Whom the said cause shall be tried shall certify on the record that there was a*probable cause for the seizing of the said ship, vessel, boat, br goods; a copy of which certificate shall be delivered to the prosecutor, under the hands and seals of such judge or judges; and that, in such case, the defendant shall not be entitled to any costs of suit whatsoever, nor shall the person or persons who seized such ship, vessel, boat, or goods, be liable to any action, indictment, or other prosecution, on account of such seizure; and that if any action, indictment, or prosecution, shall be brought or preferred against any person or persons, who shall have obtained such copy of such certificate as aforesaid, in any of his majesty's courts in Great Britain, such copy shall be admitted in evidence on behalf of the defendant or defendants, and shall have the like force and effedf as the certificate on record would have had in the case of such action, indictment, or other prosecution, being brought Or preferred in the island of Newfoundland.

XXII. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action, indictment, or other prosecution, shall be Plaintiff gain, commenced and brought to trial against any person or persons ing a verdits: whatsoever, on account of the seizure of any such ship, vessel, boat, or goods, wherein a verdict shall be given against the cog if there defendant or defendants, if the court or judge before whom was probable such action or prosecution shall be tried shall certify on the re cause of feiz cord that there was a probable cause of such seizure, that the ure plaintiff, besides his ship, vessel, boat, or goods, so seized, or the value thereof, shall not be infilled to above twopence damages, nor to any costs of suit nor shall the defendant in such prosecution be fined above one shilling.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 26. [1786.

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority Limitation of aforesaf$*at if any person or persons shall, at any time or actions. thtifers*, S or prosecuted for anything by him or them

done ov execured in pursuance of, or by colour of this act, or of any, matter of thing in this act contained, such action or prp fecution shall be commenced within the space of three months after the offence shall "have been committed; and in case the person or persons making such seizure as aforesaid shall have quitted the said island of Newfoundland before the expiration of three months from the time of the offence committed, then that such action or prosecution shall be commenced within General issue. three months after his or their return to Great Britain; and such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence for his and their defence, and that the same was done in prosecution and by authority of the said act: and if it shall appear so to have been done, then the court shall adjudge and decree, or the jury shall find in the courts of Great Britain or Newfoundland respectively, for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, libel, or other pror ceedings in the courts of Great Britain or Newfoundland, after the defendant or defendants hath or have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the Treble costs. plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as the defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law,

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Fines and for that all and every the tines or penalties inflicted by this act, or fcited goods, ^by the acts herein before recited, and robe levied upon the sea applied? to^men or fishermen, except those for neglect of duty; and that such ships, vessels, or goods, as shall beseized, condemned, and forfeited as before mentioned, except such the distribution whereof is otherwise directed by this act, shall be given, one moiety to the informer, and the other moiety to the governor of Newfoundland for the time being, to be applied, under the direction of such governor, in defraying the passages home of such person or persons as by this or any former act are directed to be sent back to the country to which they belong.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Part of the That so much of the said recited act of the fifteenth year of the a of, 5t*de r^]sn f hi present Majesty, as gives any jurisdiction to the

3. repea. court of vice admiralty for the said island of Newfoundland with respect to inquiring into and determining disputes concerning the wages of any seamen or fishermen, or any offence committed by any hirer or employer off such seamen or fishermen, or any controversies or differences arising from their contracts or agreements, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the clauses, matters, and things in the said herein before recited acts contained, which are not altered or repealed by this present act, shall continue and remain in full force.

The recited acts (except, 81c.) to remain j in force.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 23?.'

463

CAP. XXVII.

An act for authorising the lord chief baron, and remanent barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland, out of the unappropriated money ar ifing ftom the forfeited and lately annexed efates in scot land, to pay a certain sum to the society in Scotland for propagating christian knowledge, for the purposes, and under the conditions therein mentioned.,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by 'an act, made in the twenty fifth year of the

reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituledf.

An act for annexing certain forfeited estates in Scotland to the 45 Geo. a. C crown unalienably, and for making satisfaction to the lawful 41 creditors thereupon j and to establish a method of managing the same, and applying the rents and profits thereof for the better civilising and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing disorders there for the future; all and every the lands and estates which were then in the hands of his Majesty by the attainder of Simon late lord Lovat, and certain other persons therein named, were declared to be unalienably annexed to the imperial crown of these realms; and it was declared lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by commission under the privy seal of Scotland, to authorise of and trufees for managing the said efiates, and applying the produce thereof: and whereas his aid late Majesty, and his present Majesty, did, in pursuance of the said act, from time to time, by cornmtffions under the said privy seal of Scotland authorise the persons therein severally named as of and trufees to manage the said efates, and apply the produce thereof $ and the said of didy among other things in execution of the trufy establish schools in different places in the remote parts of the Highlands of Scotland, and grant annual salaries to the persons appointed teachers in the said schools, payable from the rents and produce of the said forfeited efates: and whereas by an act passed in the fourteenth year of his present Majestys reign, intituled An act to enable his 14 Geo. 3. Majesty to grant unto major-general Simon Fraser the lands and estate of the late Simon lord Lovat, upon certain terms and conditions, the said act of the twenty-fifth year of his late Majesty was repealed, in as far as related to the estate which formerly belonged to the said Simon late lord Lovat, which was thereby difannexed from the crown, and was afterwards granted by his Majesty to the said major-general Simon Fraser: and whereas by an act passed in the twenty-fourth year of his present majesty's reign, intituled An act Geo. 3. C to enable his Majesty to grant to the heirs of the former pro 57* prietors, upon certain terms and conditions, the forfeited estates in Scotland, which were put under the management of a board of trustees by an a passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and to repeal the said at, the said act of the twenty fifth year of his said late Majesty ivas repealed, in as far as respected the other forfeited efiates, besides the estate of the said Simon late lord Lovat; and it was enacted,

4^4 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. zji [1786.

That it Should and might be lawful to his Majesty, his heirs and sue cessors, to give, grant, and dispone, to the persons therein named and described, being the representatives of the persons who forfeited the said severed forfeited efeates, upon their severally paying into the court of exchequer in Scotland the federal and respective furhs of money in the said act mentioned at the times therein specified', and certain sums, pari of the money so directed to be paid into the said court of exchequer, were appropriated by the said act for the purposes and to the use of the persons and societies therein mentioned; and it was entitled, That in caje the sums to be paid into the said court, in confederation of the said annexed forfeited efeates being referred, Should not be exhavfted by the several applications or appropriations in the said act specified, the balance of the money so to be paid in Should remain under the care of the said court of exchequer in Scotland, to be lodged in one or other of the public banks, or public funds, subject to the future disposetion of parliament: and whereas no provifeon was made by the said act for continuing the schools in the remote parts of the Highlands of Scotland, which were established by the of and trufeees of the said forfeited estates, or for continuing the salaries of the teachers of the said schools, whereby, and unless provifeon is now made, the good effects of such efeablifiments will be lost to the public, and a number of iniuftrious and well def&rving persons, who have for many years been teachers of the said schools, will be reduced to diferefs and indi society for gence: and whereas the society in Scotland for propagating chrifeian chripftnnting knowledge incorporated by royal charter, did lately present a memorial knowledge in to the commissioners of his Majestys tree fury, representing the the highlands fate of the said established schools, and particularly that the salaries of presented a the teachers did amount in whole to the annual sum of two bun j&etafv Gn^ n^]iety'n'ine pounds, fourteen Billings it appeared ta the society, that certain of the said schools, the salaries of the teachers whereof amounted to the yearly sum of one hundred and thirteen pounds, might be discontinued: that certain other of the said schools might be discontinued after the deaths of the present teachers, whofi salaries amounted to the annual sum of forty-eight pounds, and who must be reduced to beggary if deprived of their salaries; and that ihe revmning number of the said established schools ought to be continued, videlicet, the schools established at Strelitz, Craigniech, glenart ney, and Lochearnfide, upon the efeate of Perth; the school established at Strathyre, upon the efeate of Arnprior; the school established at Lochgary; the schools established at Kinlochrannocb, Finnarr, Glenorchty, and Camagren, and Carrie, upon the efeate of stro wan; the schools established at Kinlocbarkaig, Matnore, and Strathlochie, upon the efeate fl/'lochiel; the school established at Clunie; the school established at Corgach, upon the efeate of Cromarty; and the school efeablifljed in the ifeand of South ljift; the salaries of the teachers of which schools amounted to the annual sum of one hundred and thirty-eight pounds, fourteen Billings: that as the principal object of the said society was to establish and superintend schools in the Highlands of Scotland, they conceived it might be proper to commit to them the care of such of the schools established by the late tommijfeomrs of the annexed efeates, as it was thought proper

ft

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 27. 46*

tot continue \ but as the society had gone the utmost lengths their funds would allow in paying the salaries of the teachers of one hundred and eighty-three schools by them estabtished, they could not undertake the burden of more without a reasonable allowance being made by the publick; and that, upon such allowance, the society would engage to pay the salaries of the teachers appointed by the late of before mentioned as amounting to forty-eight pounds yearly, during the lives of the present teachers, and to continue the schools mentioned in the said memorial and above as proper to be continued, and pay the salaries of the teachers thereof in time comings according to the regulations of the society: whereas the said proposal is reasonable and beneficial to the public, and the said society merit encouragement for their laudable endeavours to promote virtue, loyalty, and industry in the inhabitants of the Highlands; be it therefore enacted by the.

king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflsembled, andvby the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord chief baron, Barons of ex and remanent barons of his majesty's court of exchequer in chequer in Scotland, or any three of them for the time being, and they are payto^he*0 hereby directed and required, as soon as there is a sufficient sum treasurer of paid into the said court from the money directed by the said act the society passed in the twenty-fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, the f to be paid by the persons to whom the several forfeited, and lately annexed estates are to be restored or granted, over and above what shall satisfy the purposes and appropriations by the said act specially directed, and before any other purpose or appropriation, to pay, or cause to be paid, into the hands of the treasurer or cashier of the said incorporated society in Scotland for propagating christian knowledge, or into the hands of any other perl'on or persons whom the said society shall appoint to receive the same, for the use of the said society, the sum of two thousand five hundred pounds lawful money of Great Britain, free of all dedudions whatsoever; and the receipt or receipts of the said treasurer or cashier, or of the person or persons so to be appointed by the Society, for the said sum of two thousand five hundred pounds, or for any part thereof, shall be a sufficient voucher to the barons for the sum or sums thereby acknowledged to be received, and be taken as evidence of their having issued and expended so much of the money paid into court in pursuance of the said act, in all cases whatsoever; and for that purpose the said barons, or any three of them, shall, from time to time, issue their warrants to the banks, or to the person or persons in whose hands the said money shall happen to have been lodged or deposited after being paid into court as aforesaid. Barons of the

II. Provided always, That at or before paying the said sum said court to to the said society, the barons of the said court of exchequer ^?e[ro^shall take from the said society such obligation or engagement ifg^tio^for in writing, under their seal, as shall appear to the said barons, continuing to or any three of them, necessary and proper for the said society's pay the salaries paying, or continuing to pay, the salaries to the teachers intendi

' 3 lives?^61

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 28  31. [1786.

ed to be paid fq them during their respective lives, as is abovementioned, and for their continuing and keeping up the schools intended as aforesaid to be kept up, and for their paying the proper and usual salaries to the teachers prefept and to come of the raid schools.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act For providing a proper workhouse, and better regulating the poor, within the parish of Romford, in the liberty of Havering Atte Bower, in the county of Essex   borrow 3, 5001. at interest, and pay off 100l. per ann.

CAP. XXIX.

An act to enable his Majesty to licence a playhouse within the town and port of Margate, in the isle of Tnanet, in the county of Kent, under certain restrictions therein limited.  May act from June 15, to the last day of October, yearly,

CAP XXX

An act to enable the company of proprietors of the Coventry canal navigation to complete the said canal to Fradley Heath, in the county of Stafford; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Coventry company empowered to borrow a further sum of 40, 000l. and to assign the navigation as a (ecuvity. Mortgages to be registered, and may be assigned. Interest of the money borrowed to be paid prior to any dividends to the company; and maybe paid out of the principal, until the canal is completed. Dividends limited to 3 percent, till the canal is completed. Proprietors may becpme possessed of thirty shares.

-? '* 1 i ( >.

XXXI

An act for vesting certain sums in commijfmers, at the end of every quarter of a year to be by them applied to the reduction of the national debt.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by several acts of parliament, heretofore made and passed, it tvas enacted that all the moneys which at the end of any quarter of a year Should or might arise from the respective surplusses, excesses, and overplus moneys of the several public funds in the said acts described, Should be appropriated, reserved, and employed as a sinking fund) to and for discharging the principal and interest of the national debts and encumbrances, and to or for no other use, intent, or purpose whatever: and whereas, for the want of sufficient provisions for the confiant application of the said moneys, according to the true intent of the said, acts, the good purposes thereof have not been fulfilied: and whereas, by the great increase of the national debt, it is now become necessary to establish a permanent plan for the reduction of the same? we, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, being desirous of making a lading provision for the maintenance of the public credit, do most humbly pray your Majesty that it may be.enabled 3 and be it enacted by the king's most excellent -. " \'1 majesty

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. 0, 31.

majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this presentparliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That at the end of the two 2*0, 000l. to quarters of a year, which will end on the fifth day of July and ^krtei^out the tenth day of October, respectively, in the year one thousand o^he^urphif seven hundred and eighty six, and at the end of every quarter fesof the fink of a year, ending the fifth day of January, the fifth day of Aprils ing fund, etc. the fifth day of July, and the tenth day o October, respectively, in every succeeding year, there shall be issued or set apart at his majesty's receipt of exchequer, pursuant to the several acts in that behalf made and provided, out of the surplusfcs, excesses, and overplus moneys composing the aforesaid sinking fund, a sufficient funvto make good, to the day on which such quarter shall end, all such interests or annuities, or parts of interests or annuities, or deficiencies of funds provided for the payment of interests or annuities, as shall be specially charged on the said sinking fund; and that after such sum shall have been so issued or set apart, there shall then be farther set apart, in the said receipt of exchequer, out of the surplusses, excesses, and overplus moneys composing the said sinking fund, a sum of two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, or such part thereof as the said fur plufies, excesses, and overplus moneys then remaining in the said receipt of exchequer shall be sufficient to satisfy.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if at the end of any such quarter of a year, after issuing or How to pro fetring apart the sums necessary to make good to the day on ? ea<*e which such quarter shall end, all such interest or annuities, or in th^kid^ parts of interests or annuities, or deficiencies of funds provided surplusses. for the payment of interests or annuities, as shall be specially charged on the said sinking fund, there shall not remain in the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, moneys, arising out of the surplusses, excesses, and overplus moneys composing the said sinking fund, sufficient to provide for the payment of the before mentioned sum of two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, the amount of the deficiency shall be carried forward as a charge on the moneys which shall remain in the receipt of his majesty's exchequer out of the said surplusses, excesses, and overplus moneys, after issuing or ferting apart the sums herein before directed to be previously issued or let apart, at the end of the next and every other succeeding quarter in the same year, until such deficiency shall have been made good, every such year being computed from the fifth day of January to the fifth day of January following.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all moneys which shall remain in the receipt of his Ma Surplusses re

iefty's exchequer, out of the said surplusses, excesses, and over naming (after

J t C r C j former in

plus moneys, at the end of any quarter of a year ending as cumbrance?i

aforesaid, or at the end of any year computed as aforesaid, after provided for)

issuing or setting apart the several sums herein before directed to bow to be ap

be previously issued or set apart, shall be applied to the above plied?

mentioned purposes in the order followings (that is to say),

I i 4*That

out of the supplies granted the same year.

46? Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 31. [ tj8&

That at the end of any quarter of a year ending as aforesaid, the said moneys shall first be applied to make good any deficit ency or deficiencies (if any such there shall have been) in the payment of the sum of two hundred and fifty thousand pounds due at the end of any preceding quarter or quarters of a year within the same year, computed as aforesaid, in the order in which such deficiency or deficiencies shall have arisen; that so much of the said moneys as shall remain in the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at the end of any such quarter of a year after such deficiency or deficiencies shall have been so made good, shall be applied to the payment of the sum of two hundred and fifty thousand pounds due at the end of such quarter, or to the payment of such part thereof as the same shall be sufficient to satisfy.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Deficiencies aforesaid, That if at any time it Should happen, that at the end at the enci^of of tj1 year ending the fifth day of January, one thousand seven inadecgood*hundred and eighty seven, or at the end of any future year, computed as aforesaid, after provision shall have been made for all payments for which moneys are previously to be set apart or issued according to the directions of this act, the said surplusses, exceses, and overplus moneys, composing the sinking fund, shall not be sufficient to make good as well all such deficiencies as shall have arisen during such year, as the payment of the Aim of two hundred and fifty thousand pounds then due, in every such case, the amount of such deficiency or deficiencies, whether the same shall have arisen in any preceding quarter or quarters within such year, or in the quarter ending on the fifth day of January on which such year shall end, shall not be carried forward as a charge on the said sinking fund at the end of the next fupceeding quarter, but shall be made good out of any aids or supplies which shall be or shall have been granted by parliament for the service of the then current year; and the'amount of such deficiency or deficiencies so to be made good, shall be issued to the governor and company of the bank of England, in the manner herein after directed, within ten days after moneys sufficient to answer the same shall have been paid into his majesty's receipt of exchequer, on account of any such aids or supplies.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The moneys That Vhe moneys so set apart, at the end of any quarter of a set apart quar year encjing as aforesaid, or of any year computed as aforesaid, ptid'into (he eer fr he payment of the sum of two hundred and fifty bank; thousand pounds due at the end of such quarter, or of any part

thereof, or for making good such deficiency or deficiencies as aforesaid, shall forthwith be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, and shall by them be placed to an account to be raised in their books, and to be entitled, and to heap. The account of the of appointed by act of parliament for ducing the appb'lnz certain furns of money annually to the reduction of the nati national debt. debt; and that as well all such moneys, as any other moneys

I Anna viceemo facto Georgii III. c. gi.

n'res which shall be paid to the governor and company of the bank of England by virtue of this act, to be placed to the said account, shall be applied by the of herein after appointed towards the reduction of th national debt, in the manner herein after directed, and to no either intent or purpose, and in no other manner whatever

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it Officers of the shall not be lawful for the officers of the receipt of his majesty's exchequer reexchequer to let apart or issue, out of the moneys competing the to the" sinking fund, at the end of any quarter, any sym or sums of issuing the money, for any service whatever, other than as in this act is produce of provided, until the sum or sums which are directed by this act she linking to be paid to the governor and company of the bank of England)

on account of the said of, shall have been fejt apart or issued as aforesaid; and that in like manner it shall not be lawful for the officers of the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, after the fifth day of January in any year, to issue any sum or sums of money for any service whatever, out of any moneys which shall then remain in the receipt of his majesty's exchequer from any aids or supplies granted for the service of the current year, or out of any moneys which shall be received into the exchequer after the said fifth day of January, from such aids or supplies, until the sum or sums (if any such there shall be) which shall be payable by virtue of this act to the governor and company of the bank of England, on account of the said of, out of the said aids or supplies, shall have been set apart or issued as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such part of the principal or capital stock of such public To whom the annuities as shall be redeemed or paid off by virtue of this act, redeemed in the manner herein after directed, shall be transferred to the be

account of the said of, in the books of the gover rans erre nor and company of the bank of England, of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other parts of America, or of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, respectively, as the case may be; and that the dividends payable thereon shall, from time to time, be received by the governor and company of the bank of England, and be placed to the account of the said of.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whenever any of the following public annuities shall When any of cease and determine, by the expiration of the terms for which the herein re they were respectively granted; (that is to say), the annuities granted for one, two, and three lives, and charged, by an act of by the^'xpf^the fifth of King William and Queen Mary, upon two sevenths ration of the of a nine Shillings per barrel excise; the annuities granted for terms for one, two, and three lives, by the acts of the second and third of which they Queen Anne, and for ninety-nine years, by one other act of the were Srante*third and fourth of Queen Anne, and charged upon the three thousand feveft hundred pounds per week excise by the said act;

47 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. e; 31. [1786.

the annuities granted for ninety-nine years, by an act of the fourth of Queen Anne, and charged upon an addition of nine Shillings per barrel excise, and of an addition of one third of the subsidy of tonnage, established by an act of the ninth of King William the Third; the annuities granted for ninety-nine years, by an act of the fifth of Queen Anne, and charged upon the duties on hawkers and pedlars, stamp duties on vellum, parchment and paper; and the annuities established by an act of the sixth of Queen Anne, for ninety-nine years, and charged upon the surplus of the duties granted for payment of the annuities established by the two former acts of the fourth and fifth of Queen Anne and the annuities established for ninety-nine years, granted by one other act of the sixth of Queen Anne, and charged upon a further additional half subsidy of tonnage by the said act; and the several annuities on single Jives, granted by an act of the eighteenth of King George the Second, and charged upon the duties on wines imported, by the said act; the annuities on single lives, granted by an act of the nineteenth of King George the Second, and charged on the duties on glass and spirituous liquors by the said act; and the annuities on single lives, granted by an act of the thirtieth of King George the Second, and charged on the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, and by a subsequent aft: charged on the sinking fund; and certain annuities granted for annuities on lives, with the benefit of survivorship, by an act of the fifth of King George the Third, and charged upon the sinking fund; and the annuities on single lives, granted by an act of the eighteenth of King George the Third, and charged upon the duties on wines and inhabited houses by the said act; and the annuities on lives, granted by an act of the nineteenth of King George the Third, and charged upon an additional duty of five pounds per centum excise, five pounds per centum additional' subsidy on customs, tax i ( on post hories, and on stamp duties, established by the said act; and the several and respective annuities granted for ninety-nine years, from the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; for ninety-eight years, from the fifth day ( of January, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two, consolidated and charged on the sinking fund by an act of the fourth of King George the Third; the annuities granted for eighty years, from the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, by an act of the twentieth of King George the Third, and charged on the duties on wines and salt, and on sundry other duties established by the said act; the annuities established by an act of the twenty second of King George the Third, for seventy eight years, from the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and charged on the duties on tobacco, snuff, salt, and sundry other duties granted by the said act; the annuities granted for seventy seven years, from the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, by an act of the twenty-third of King George the Third, and charged upon stamp duties oq bills of exchange,

receipts,

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 31.' 471

receipts, and sundry other duties granted by the said act; and the annuities granted for seventy five years and six months, from the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, by an act of the twenty-fourth of King George the Third, and charged upon additional duties on candles, bricks, and tiles, and sundry other duties granted by the said act; the annuities granted for thirty years, from the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy eight, and, by an act of the eighteenth of King George the Third, charged upon the duties on wines and inhabited houses by the said act; the annuities granted for twenty-nine years, from the fifth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and seventy nine, and, by an act of the nineteenth of King George the Third, charged upon an additional duty of five pounds per centum excise, five pounds per centum subsidy, tax on pod horses, and stamp duties on paper, by the said act; and the annuities granted by an act of the seventeenth of King George the Third, for ten years, from the fifth day of jipril, one thousand seven hundred and seventy seven, and charged upon the sinking fund; in every such case, the duties ap all duties which shall be applicable to the payment of such an p^cable to the nuities, by virtue of any act or acts of parliament, shall con thereof shall tinue to be levied and collected, and shall continue to be applied continue to to such payment, in the same manner, and under the same re be levied, gulations respectively, to all intents and purposes whatever, as the same were levied, collected, and applied immediately before' the determination of such annuities respectively; and that from an the and after the determination of such annuities, the moneys now j^ecm shall payable thereon shall be issued, from time to time, to the gover be issued to nor and company of the bank of England, and shall be placed to the bank, CC the account of the said of

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au When any

thority aforesaid, That so soon as any part of the principal or shall be

capital stock of any public annuities, or so soon as any annui placed he. r. J r /1 1, , 1 1 1 r account of

ties for lives or years (ha! have been placed, as herein berore the commis

dirpded, to the account of the said of, no sum or sioners, no

Turns of money shall thenceforth be issued or paid for or on money shall

account of the charges of management of such stock or

annuities.^ment thereof.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Moneys placed all moneys whatever, which shall be placed from time to time to to the account the accounjt of the said of by virtue of this act, shall be applied by them either in payments for the redemption of such be applied in redeemable public annuities as shall be at or above par, in such redemption of manner and at such periods as shall be directed by any future annuities at act or acts of parliament, or to the purchase of any public an *cai)0ve par nuities below par in the manner herein after directed.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, More particu that all moneys whatever which shall be placed from time to q^tb^pmonies time to the account of the said of, by virtue of this to be placed pd, which shall not be directed by any future act or acts of par to the account iiament to be applied in payment for the redemption of any re of the com

47$ Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 31. [1786.

deemable public annuities at or above par, shall be applied by the said of in payments for the purchase of public annuities below par, in the following manner j (that is to say, } That all moneys so to be applied, which shall have been placed to the account of the said of between the fifth day of April in any year, and the first day of May then next ensuing, shall be applied to the purchase of such annuities, in equal portions, as nearly as may be, on every day (Saturdays' and Mondays excepted) on which the same shall be transfer fable, between the said first day of May and the first day of au gujl then next ensuing; and in like manner, the sums so to be applied, which shall have been placed to the account of the said of, between the end of any such quarter and the first day of the calendar month which shall commence next after the end of such quarter, shall be applied to the purchase of such annuities, in equal portions, as nearly as may be, on every day Saturdays and Mondays excepted) on which the same shall be transferrable, between the said first day of the calendar month which shall commence next after the end of such quarter, and the first day of the calendar month which shall commence next after the end of the quarter next ensuing,

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au directionsjor thority aforesaid, That if at any time it shall happen that there the commis flu no subsisting public annuities below par, and that the ther^are no flecessary measures shall not have heen previously taken by par*annuities be liament, to enable and direct the said of to apply the Ipwpar. moneys, which shall have been placed to their account (by virtue of this adito the redemption of any subsisting public annuities which shall then be at or above par, the said of are hereby authorised and required to apply the said moneys to the purchase of any subsisting public annuities at or above par, in the same manner, and under the same regulations and restrictions, as are herein before provided with respect to the purchase of public annuities below par.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the autho commission r; ty aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said cpm edvofubfcrihe miners^they shall think it expedient, at any time between towards any the end of any quarter and the first day of the calendar month future pub which shall commence next after the end of such quarter, to lick loan, C subscribe any of the moneys which shall have been placed to their account at the end of such quarter; and also all such moneys as shall be to be placed to their account, by virtue of this act, during the remainder of the then current year, computed as by this act directed, towards any public loan, to be raised by virtue of any future act or acts of parliament, by such annuities as are herein after mentioned, that is to say, perpetual annuities, subject only to redemption at par, for which the sinking fund shall be collateral security: provided always., That the capital stock of such annuities so to be granted shall bear the same rate of interest with some capital stock of redeemable public annuities then subsisting; and that the amount of the capi

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 473

tal flock to be given for every sum of one hundred pounds, so to be subscfibed, shall be estimated according to the market price of such subsisting flock at the time of such subscription.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the speaker of the house of commons, the chancellor of who

his majesty's exchequer, the master of the rolls, the accountant 10ft-

general of the court of chancery, and the governor and deputy

governor of the bank of England) for the time being respective

Jy, shall be of for carrying into execution the purposes of this at; and that all powers and authorities, which the

laid of are or may be enabled or required to exercise,

by the present or any future act or acts of parliament, shall and

may be exercised by any number, not less than four, of the said

of.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of shall be, and they are hereby au commission thorised to appoint and employ such clerks and other officers as p^y^erkt" shall be necessary; and that all proceedings whatever, to be had 9

by or before the said of, shall be entered in proper books.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the order of the said of shall at any time be a The bank to

sufficient authority to the governor and company of the bank of pa lu^h mot?

7 jr r, &. u A, ney vested m

England, for issuing and paying any part of the money to be commis

vested in the said of, in the manner herein directed; (loners as shall and such person or persons as shall, from time to time, be no be ordered by minated and appointed by the said of, to make the them, etc. purchases of public debts and annuities, on the account of the said of, for the use of the public, and for the purposes of this at, is and are hereby autfiorised and enabled to accept the transfer of any stock or annuities to be purchased in the manner herein before directed, and to make the payments for the same to the persons from whom the same shall be purchased, and to give or accept all the necessary receipts and acquittances on the part of the said of: provided always, That such nomination and appointment shall, from time to time, be notified to the governor and company of the bank of England, under the hands of the said of.

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an account.shall be made up to the first day of The bank to February in every year, by the governor and company of the ^coun^witfct bank of England, of all sums whatever which shall have been the commis paid to the said governor and company^pr carried in their books (loners a atm to the account of the said commissioners for the purposes of allyi

this al; and also of all sums of principal or capital stock of publick annuities, which in pursuance of this or any other act, within the year comprehended in the said account, shall have been purchased, redeemed, or paid off by the said of, with the inrereft accruing thereupon 3 and also of the annual amount and particulars of any annuities for lives or years, the terms of which shall have expired within the said year, to

o the

which shall be laid before parliament.

of to lay an account of their proceedings before parliament;

and before the commissior ers for auditing public accounts.

'When the sum annually receivable by the com mif iioners shall amount to 4, oooo, ooool. the dividends due on stock paid off by them, etc.shall be considered as redeemed by parliament.

Penalty on forging any certificate, etc. made by virtue of this act.

Anno vicesimo sexto gfcorgli life [if 8&

the fifth day of January in eery year after the passing of this a; which.account the said govcrriof and company are hereby required to lay before both houses of parliament On Or before the fifteenth day of February immediately following, if parliament shall be then sitting; and if parliament (Kail not be then sitting then within fourteen days after the commencement of the then next session of parliament.

XVIII. And be it enacted by the authority afcrresaid, That a similar account of all the said several particulars, and for the same periods, shall also be prepared and laid before both houses of parliament, within the same period, by the said of, together also with an account of the times of their ptfrchasing, redeeming, and paying off any parts of the public debts and annuities, and an account of the several prices paid for the farhef, and of the whole expense attending the execution of the powers vested in them by this act.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That duplicates of the said accounts shall be laid, at the same time, before the commissioners for auditing the public accounts; and the said of for auditing the public accounts are hereby authorised and required to proceed to the examination thereof immediately after the end of rite session of parliament in which such account shall have been so laid before the two houses of parliament; after which examination by the said of for auditing the public accounts, such account shall be further proceeded upon, and finally determined, to all intents and purposes, in like form and manner as is and by law ought to be practised in the case of accounts for moneys issued at the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, by way of imprefr, and upon account.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whenever the whole sum annually receivable by the said of, including as well the quarterly sum of two hundred and fifty thousand pounds herein before directed to be issued from the exchequer, as the several annuities and dividends of (lock to be placed to the account of the said of in the books of the governor and company of the bank of England, by virtue of this act, shall amount in the whole to four millions annually, the dividends due on such part of the principal or capital stock as shall thenceforth be paid off by the said of, and the moneys payable on such annuities for lives or years as may afterwards cease and determine, shall no longer be issued at the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, but shall bb considered as redeemed by parliament, and shall remain to be disposed of as parliament shall direct.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall wilfully ad or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any certificate or certificates, order or orders, made forth by virtue of this present act, or alter any number, figure, or word therein, or present for payment.

475

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 32  34.

merit, utter, vend, barter, or dispose of any such forged, counterfeit, or altered certificate or certificates, order or orders,

(knowing the same to be forged, counterfeit, or altered), then, and in every such case, all and every such person and persons, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of Cashiers of the the bank of England shall give fecutity, to the good liking of ferity, slvc the said of, for duly performing the trust hereby in

him or them reposed.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of any aids or supplies which shall be grant Treasury

ed for the service of each year, the lord high treasurer, or the ^identaf6 n" of of his majesty's treasury, for the time being, shall charges, etc. have power to discharge all such incidental charges, not hereby of executing otherwise provided for, as shall necessarily attend the execution this act of this act, in such manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable, and also to settle and appoint such allowances as shall be proper, for the service, pains, and labour of the said cashier or cashiers, and any other person or persons (other than the said of) for performing the trust hereby reposed in him or them; all which allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the services, pains, and labour of any officer or officers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, and of the South Sea company, respectively, shall be for the use and benefit of the said companies, respectively, and at their disposal only.

CAP. XXXII',

An act for raising a certain sum of money by loans or excheque*bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.  1, 500, 000l. raised by this act.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.  i, 000, 0001. raised by this act.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for altering the days of payment of the long annuities, and an nuities for thirty and twenty-nine years.

WHEREAS several annuities, granted by diverse a his of par Preamble

liament, to continue from the respective times of their com.

for certain terms of ninety-nine, ninety-eight, eighty, seventy eight, seventy seven years^and seventy five years and six months and then to cease, which were consolidated and made payable at the bank of England, and are there distinguished by the appellation of long annuities; and also other annuities granted for thirty and twenty nine years, and consolidated and made one joint stock of annuities, by an act of the nineteenth year of the reign of George the Third,

papbk

After July, 1786, Uie recited ammi

and April, 5, yearly.

476 N - Anno vicesimo festa Georgii ML C 35. [1786.

payable Uinvife at the bank England 5 all which aid annuities U tentime for ninety-nine, ninety-eight, eighty, seventy eight, seventy [men years, and evenly five years and six months, and for thirty and twenty-nine years, from the times of their said respecthe commence merits, were, by the several adis granting the same, made pdyable half yearly, an the fifth day of January, and the fifth day ofju\y, in every year: and whereas it is expedient that the times appointed by the said dts for the payment of the said annuities Should, with the consent of the proprietors thereof, be altered $ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted\ and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lbrds spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, ^rtuiiui. from and after the payment of the several annuities abovemen ties tobe'paid tioned for the half year which stall become due on the fifth day on Od. 10, of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, the subsequent paymients thereof shall, with the consent of the proprietors, be made in manner following; that is to say, One quarterly payment of the said annuities shall be made on the tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and from and after the said tenth day of October, one thousand seven*hundr ed and eighty six, such annuities shall be paid and payable half yearly on the fifth day of April, and the tenth day of Otfe* her, in every year, until the quarter day next preceding the time at which the several annuities, according to the several acts of parliament for granting the same, shall respectively determine; and the quarter's annuity for the time then remaining unexpired shall be paid on the quarterly day of payment on which the same hall become due.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such proprietors of the said respective annuities who shall noti on or before the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, signify their dissent to the said alteration of the times for the payment of the said annuities, in books to be opened at the bank of England for that purpose, shall be deemed and taken to assent thereto, anything in any act or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III. Provided nevertheless, That all the provisions, powers, and directions in the several acts of parliament relative to the payment of the several and respective annuities aforementioned, and the clauses therein for charging the same on the several funds provided for payment thereof, shall take effect, operate, and be executed, with respect to the payment of the said annuities on the days hereby appointed, as fully and effectually as if the same were herein repeated, re enacted, and applied to the payments to be made by the authority of this act.

CAP. XXXV.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effeduah an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act passed in the twenty third year of hi present Majesty's reign, entitled, "An act for authnrifim* the trea

Proprietors deemed to assent to the alteration, unless they signify their dissent, C

Provisions of former acts to operate with respect to the payments on the days hereby appointed.

An act for authorising the treasurer


1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 36, 37. 477

c surer of the navy to pay to the garrison and naval department at C Gibraltar, the like bounty for destroying certain Spanish ships of war,

e as is allowed to the officers and men on board any of his majesty's "ship's of war taking or destroying Ships of war belonging to the "enemy. "

23 Geo. 3. c. 16. and 25 Geo. 3. c. 29. fdr amending the former act; recited. Commissioners may order the jpri^e agents to pay the agents of the foreign troops of the lat garrison X Gibraltar their share of bounty money, and prize money. Expenses of this act to be paid Out of bounty or prize motley id hand.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act to explain an act, made in the last session of parliament, with respect to the allowances to be made for waste on the exportation of white salt and rock salt to the Isle of Man; fdr limiting the quantity Of British refined sugar to be exported to the Isle of Man; and for repealing so much of an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, " An act for encouraging and regulating the trade and manufacture of the Isle of Man and for the more easy supply of the inhabitants there with a certain quantity t>f wheat, barley j oats, meal, and flour, authorised by an act made in this session to be transported to the said island, n as relates to permitting any person to import into the Isle of Man fish from any place whatever, except from Great Britain, without payment of any custom or other duty whatsoever.

45 eo. 3. CI 63. and 20 Geo. 3-, fc. 34. recited. Allowance for waste on salt exported to the Isle of Man, reduced to 2 bushels in 40 of white salt, and btifhel in 40 of rock salt. Recital of 7 Geo. 3. c. 45. From July 5, 1786, no British refined sugar to be impprted into the Isle of Man, except from Great Britain directly, and from the ports after mentioned, under penalty of forfeiture and of the ship, C 4 hundred weight of refined sugar, and 10 hundred weight of refined sugar bastard, may be exported annually from Liverpool to Douglas in the Isle of Man. No such sugar to be exported from the Isle of Man. The act of 7 Geo. 3. c. 45. feet. 3. as to fish repealed, and the house of keys in the island may permit one thousand barrels of foreign herrings to be imported into the island in any one year, duty free.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for laying a toll Upon all horses and carriages passing on a sun day over Blackfriars bridge, and for applying the money to arise thereby towards increasing the fund for watchingj lighting, cleansing* watering, and repairing the said bridge.

Act 29 Geo. tf. cf 86. 7 Geo. 3. c. 37. A Sunday toll on horses and carriages to commence on the first Sunday after June 24, 1786.

For every coach, chariot, berlin, chaise, chair, calash, or other carriage, drawn by six or more horses or mules, the sum of ten pence:

For every coach, chariot, berlin, chaise, chair, calash, or other carriage, drawn by four horses or mules, the sum of eight pence:

For every coach, chariot berlin, chaise, chair, calash, or other carriage, drawn by three or two horses or mules, the sum of sixpence:

And for every chaise, chair, calash, or other Carriage, drawn by one horse, mule, or afs, the fuift of threepence:

For every horse, mule, or afs, not drawing, the sum of one penny.

Moneys vetted in the mayor, commonalty and citizens to be applied to the uses of the act. Power to levy the tolls by distress and sale in days,

Power to erect turnpikes and toll houses within feet from the south

478 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38. [1786.

end of the bridge. Property vested in the mayor, &c. Tolls to be paid only once a day. Power to lease the tolls for three years, and not less than one, to the highest bidder. Common council may appoint collectors. Collectors to account; or may be committed. Upon the death of any collector, his executor or administrator to be answerable. Penalty on persons obstructing collectors, 403. besides damages, CC Collectors neglecting to apply for warrants, to forfeit 40s. Penalties and forfeitures to be recovered by distress and sale of goods, by justices warrant, and the net money to be paid into the chamber of London, and for want of distress may commit the party for 10 days and not more than 30 days. One moiety of the penalties may be paid to the informers. Forfeitures may be mitigated to one moiety. Commencement of this act, June 24, 1786. Money collected to be applied to the lighting, watching, cleansing, repairing, and watering the bridge. Power to appeal to the general quarter sessions of London in three months. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. No actions to be brought till after 21 days notice of the cause thereof, and to be in six months after fact, and to be laid and tried in the city of London, or county of Surry, as the matter may arise; and the defendant may plead the general issue and give the special matter in evidence, C if he recover to have treble costs. Common council may delegate their power to a committee. But no person concerned in any turnpike or toll house to be erected, or any contract for work to be done by virtue of this act, or any share therein, or having place of profit eligible. Deemed a public act.

---

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for regulating the time of the imprisonment of debtors imprisoned by process from courts instituted for the recovery of small debts; for abolishing the claim of fees of gaolers, and others, in the cases of such imprisonment; and for ascertaining the qualifications of the commissioners.

WHEREAS by several acts of parliament now in force, and made to establish or regulate courts for the recovery of small debts in several cities, towns, districts and places within this kingdom, there is no uniform time limited for the duration of the imprisonment of the defendant or debtor, against whom an execution, process of contempt, or precept in the nature of an execution, is issued for nonpayment of such debts and costs, sum or sums of money, as by the order or orders of such courts such debtor or defendant is ordered or directed to pay, but such debtors or defendants are by such acts of parliament to be committed to prison, there to remain for an indefinite length of time, until he, she, or they, shall perform the order of the court or commissioners in that behalf; so that it frequently happens that a poor person, who is not of ability to pay a debt of or under forty shillings, is imprisoned for many months, and sometimes for years, without a possibility of being discharged: and whereas it often happens that poor persons, who are committed to prison by virtue of and in pursuance of the said acts of parliament, for a trifling debt, are kept in custody after they have been enabled to pay and discharge such debt, for gaol fees: and whereas an act was made in the last session of parliament,

[25 Geo. 3. c. 45.]

intituled An act for reducing the time for the imprisonment of debtors committed to prison, upon prosecutions in courts of conscience, in London, Middlesex, and the borough of Southwark, to the same periods in each court; and for abolishing fees paid by those debtors to gaolers, or others, on account of such imprisonment),

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38. 479

the purposes of which act have been found to he beneficial; and it is expedient that the like provisions should be extended to all other courts instituted for the recovery of small debts: therefore be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[Limitation of the time of imprisonment of debtors committed by courts of conscience.]

That, from and after the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, no person whosoever, being a debtor or defendant, and who has been or shall be committed to any gaol or prison by order of any court, or commissioners authorised by any act or acts of parliament for constituting or regulating any court or courts for the recovery of small debts, where the debt does not exceed twenty shillings, shall be kept or continued in custody, on any pretence whatsoever, more than twenty days from the commencement of this act, or from the time of his, her or their commitment to prison; where the original debt does not amount to or exceed the sum of forty shillings, more than forty days from the commencement of this act, or from the time of his, her, or their commitment as aforesaid; and all gaolers, keepers, or turnkeys, are hereby directed and required to discharge such persons accordingly.

II. And in order the more effectually to prevent persons summoned for debts to the said courts from the fraudulent concealment of their money or goods; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,

[Debtors found guilty of a fraudulent concealment of their effects, may be imprisoned for a longer term.]

That in case, upon the summons of any person for debt before the said court or commissioners, information of any such practice shall be given, such court or commissioners shall have power to hear evidence as to such fraudulent concealment; and in case it shall be proved to their satisfaction, upon the oaths of two or more credible witnesses, (which oath the said court or commissioners are hereby impowered to administer, and which oath, if falsely taken, shall subject the party or parties so taking it to all the pains and penalties of wilful and corrupt perjury), that any such debtor has money or goods which he has wilfully and fraudulently concealed; in that case, the court or of shall have power to enlarge the aforesaid times of imprisonment for debts under twenty Shillings, to any time not exceeding thirty days, and for debts under forty Shillings, to any time not exceeding sixty days; which said circumstance or ground of further detention shall be specified in the said commitment; and the depositions of the witnesses shall be entered in a book to be kept for that purpose by the clerk to each respective court or commissioners.

[Debtors not liable to pay gaol fees.]

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at the expiration of the said respective times of imprisonment as aforesaid, every such person or persons shall immediately be discharged and set at liberty, without paying any sum or sums of money, fee or fees, or other reward or gratuity whatsoever, to the gaoler, keeper, or turnkey of such gaol or prison, or others, by way of gaol fees, or discharge fees, or otherwise, on any pretence

480 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 38. [1786.

[Penalty on gaolers demanding such fees.]

whatsoever; and every gaoler, keeper, or turnkey of any such gaol or prison, or others, demanding, taking, or receiving, any fee or fees, sum or sums of money whatsoever, upon the discharge of any such person or persons, committed or to be committed to his custody as aforesaid, or keeping or detaining any such person or persons prisoner or prisoners, after the respective times limited by this act, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

[Two justices may determine offences against this act.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any two justices of the peace where the offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any offence against this act; which said two justices of the peace are hereby authorised and required, upon any information exhibited or complaint made before them of such offence having been committed, to summon the party accused, and also the witnesses on either side, and to examine into the matter of fact; and upon due proof made thereof, by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or by the voluntary confession of the party, to give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture, as in and by this act is directed, and to award and issue out their warrant under their hands and seals, for levying the said penalty of five pounds so adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed in four days, rendering to the party the overplus (if any); and where the goods of such offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, there to remain for the space of two months, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

[Penalties and forfeitures how to be applied.]

V. And be it further enacted, That all forfeitures and penalties inflicted by this act (the necessary charges for the recovery thereof being first deducted) shall be divided and distributed in manner following; that is to say, One moiety thereof to be paid to the churchwardens or overseers of the poor, for the support and maintenance of the poor of the parish in which the offence shall be committed; and the other moiety to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

[Informations to be exhibited within a limited time.]

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person or persons shall be liable to be convicted before any justices of the peace, for any offence committed against this act, unless complaint or information shall be made or exhibited against such person or persons within two calendar months after such offence committed.

[Process not to issue against the body and goods of the same person.]

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any such court or of to issue any process against the body or bodies of any person or persons, where the same person. party entitled to the benefit of any order, judgement, or decree, shall at the same time have obtained any warrant or process against the goods and chattels of the same person or persons.

[Qualification of commissioners.]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, no person shall be capable of acting as a commissioner

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 39, 40. 481

in the execution of any of the acts for constituting such courts, unless such person shall be a housholder within the county, district, city, liberty, or place, for which he shall act, and shall be possessed of a real estate of the annual value of twenty pounds, or of a personal estate of the value of five hundred pounds:

[Penalty on acting not being qualified.]

and if any person, not being so qualified, shall presume to act as a commissioner in the execution of any of the acts for constituting such courts, every person so acting shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds to any person or persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full costs of suit, by action of debt or on the case, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and the person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said penalty, upon proof being given of his having acted as a commissioner in the execution of any of the acts constituting such courts: provided always, that such action or suit shall be commenced within six calendar months next after the offence committed, and shall be laid or brought in the county, city, or place, where the offence shall be committed, and not elsewhere.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for widening, enlarging, and cleansing the streets, lanes, and other public places, and for opening new streets, markets, and passages, within the town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the liberties thereof, and for removing and preventing annoyances therein; and for regulating the public markets, and common stage wagons, drays, and carts, carrying goods for hire.

The mayor, aldermen and common councilmen of Newcastle to put this act in execution at the expense of the corporation.

CAP. XL.

An act for regulating the production of manifests, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent practises in obtaining bounties and drawbacks, and in the clandestine relanding of goods.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the laws now in force, made to secure the payment of the duties due on such goods as are admissable to an entry upon importation into this kingdom from foreign parts, and to prevent the clandestine and fraudulent importation and exportation of prohibited goods and the relanding of goods shipped for exportation, entitled either to bounty or drawback, have been found insufficient to answer the good purposes thereby intended; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[No goods to be imported into Great Britain in any vessel belonging to British subjects,]

That, from and after the times herein after mentioned, no goods or commodities shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, from any port or place whatever, in parts beyond the seas, in any ship or vessel whatever, belonging in the whole or in part to his majesty's subjects, unless the master, or other

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 40. [1786.

[unless the master have on board a manifest, containing the particulars herein mentioned.]

person having or taking the charge or command of every such ship or vessel, respectively, importing such goods, shall have on board a manifest or manifests, or content or contents, in writing, signed by such master or other person, containing the name or names of the several and respective ports or places where the goods in such manifest or manifests, or content or contents, mentioned, shall have been respectively laden or taken on board, the name and built of such ship or vessel, and the true admeasurement or tonnage thereof, according to the register of the same, together with the christian and surname of the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, and the port or place to which such ship or vessel truly belongs; and a just, true, correct, and particular account of all the cargo, and of all packages of goods so laden or taken on board, with the several and respective marks thereon; and of the particulars of the cargo which is flowed loose; and of the following particulars, in words at length; (that is to say), The several and respective numbers of the packages, with a particular description thereof, whether leaguer, pipe, butt, puncheon, hogshead, barrel, or other cask or package, describing such other case or package by its usual or ordinary name; or whether case, bale, pack, truss, chest, box, bundle, or other package, or by such other name or description as the same is usually called or known.

[No wine to be imported from any place not subject to the crown of Great Britain unless the master has a proper manifest on board.]

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no wine of any sort shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, from any port or place whatever in foreign parts, not belonging to or under the dominion of the crown of Great Britain, in any ship or vessel whatever, unless the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of the ship or vessel in which such wine shall be laden, shall have on board, in like manner, a manifest or manifests, or content or contents, in writing, made out and signed by such master or other person, on or before the clearing or departure of every such ship or vessel from each and every such port or place where such wine shall be laden on board, containing the name of the several and respective ports or places where the wine mentioned in such manifest or manifests, or content or contents, shall have been so respectively laden or taken on board; thd name and built of such ship or vessel, and the true admeasurement or tonnage thereof; together with the christian and surname of the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, and the port or place to which such ship or vessel truly belongs; and a just, true, correct, and particular account of the whole quantity of wine, distinguishing the quantity of each different kind, so taken on board as aforesaid, and of the several and respective marks upon the different packages respectively, and, if known, the names of the persons to whom the wines are respectively consigned; also, in words at lengthy the several and respective numbers of the packages, with a particular description thereof, whether leaguer, pipe, butt, puncheon,

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 40. 483

---

hogshead, barrel, or other calk or package, or by what name or description such other calk or package may be usually called or known: provided always, That nothing in this at contained Certificates shall extend, or be construed to extend, to permit any goods or r|*quisite on commodities whatever, which are now in law required to be tionot^goods accompanied with certificates or other documents, to be im as heretofore, ported into Great Britain without all and every such certificate or certificates, or other document or documents, so required;

H but the same shall, and are hereby directed and required to be J accompanied, as well with such certificate or other document,

; as with the manifest or manifests, or content or contents, here j in before directed; and, on failure thereof, the goods shall respectively continue to be liable to all and every the duties, regulations, and restrictions, and to the fines, penalties, and for i feitures, in all respects, to which the same are or shall be subject and liable by law, as if this act had not been made.

III. And be it further enacted, That before any Ship or vef Masters of

fel shall be cleared out for Great Britain with any goods or com vessels, before! modifies whatever, from any port or place in any colony, plan f^great

j ration, island, or territory in foreign parts, belonging to or un Britain, from

der the dominion of the crown of Great Britain, the matter, or any of the I other person having or taking the charge or command of every British domi j such Ship or vessel, shall deliver the manifest or content, in parts to

i ing, herein before required, to the collector of the customs (if deliver a mai

there be such an officer at or near to such place); and, if there nifeft to the

; shall not be a collector of the customs there, then to the chief clr" e oflfi5er

i officer of the customs; and, if there shall not be any officer of

j the customs there, then to the principal officer or magistrate, or

some other person by him specially appointed for that purpose,

I resident at or nearest to such place; which said collector, or

other chief officer or magistrate, or other person by him appointed as aforesaid, shall respectively cause a duplicate thereof to be forthwith made, and shall endorse upon the original mani j sell or content his name, with the day and year on which the same was produced to such collector or other chief officer or magistrate, or person by him appointed, as aforesaid, and shall then return the said original manifest or content to the said mailer or other person, on or before the clearing of any such Ship or vessel; and such collector or other chief officer or magistrate, or other person specially appointed as aforesaid, shall respectively, at and upon the clearing of every such Ship or vessel as aforesaid, immediately transmit the said duplicate of such manifest or content, so made as before directed, under his hand and seal, to the collector and comptroller of his majesty's customs at the port in Great Britain to which the goods are consigned, and to which the manifests respectively refer.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no sort of wine shall be admitted to an entry on the importation thereof into Great Britain, in any Ship or vessel whatever, from any port or place in parts beyond the seas, not belonging to or under the dominion of the crown of Great Britain,

K k 4, unless

or the cui* toms, C

Truth of the manifests to be verified on oath, before the consul relative

484 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 40, [1786.

to wine hip unless the rpaster, Or other person having or taking the charge ped in foreign or command of each and every ship or vessel importing the same.

Great Britain. be^ore h*s departure from the port or place where such

wine is shipped or laden on board, verify upon oath the truth

of the contents of the said manifest or manifests, in respect of the said wine, before the British consul or other chief British officer, if there shall be any such resident at or near to the port or place where such wine shall be laden or taken on board; which oath the said British consuls, or other chief British officers, is and are hereby respectively authorised and required to administer.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any goods shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, in porting floods any ship or vessel Whatever, belonging in the whole or in part - to his majesty's subjects, from any port or place whatever in foreign parts, without such manifest or manifests, or content or contents, in writing, or shall not be included and described

Penalty on inafters of vessels im

Without a proper mani

Masters of

veftds, on arrival within leagues of the British coast, are to produce their manifesta to the first officer

therein, or shall not agree therewith; or if any wine shall be imported or brought into Great Britain by any such ship or vessel, without a manifest or manifests, content or contents, so verified as aforesaid; in each and every such case the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall forfeit a sum of money equal to double the value of such goods, together with the full duties payable on the same.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every master, or other person having or taking the charge, or command of any ship or vessel, belonging in the whole or in part to his majesty's subjects, laden with goods as aforesaid, and bound to any port or place in Great Britain, shall, on his arrival within four leagues of the coast thereof, upon demand, produce. all and every such manifest or manifests, of content or contents, 'in writing, which such master or other person is herein before directed and required to have on board his said ship or vessel, to otthe customs such officer or officers of his majesty's customs as shall first

who shall come on board his said ship or vessel, for his or their examina

board and tlon anc in(pe(^on anc hall deliver to such officer or officers

give him a a true copy thereof, respectively. (which copy shall be provided

copy thereof, and subscribed by the said master, or other person having or tak officer to ing the charge or command of such ship or vessel); and that the

certify such several and respective officer and officers to whom the original

pr^u<^on on manifest shall have been so produced, shall certify upon the back the original thereof that the same was produced, and also the day and yeas inanifest, and on which the same was or were so produced, and such copy or to transmit copies as aforesaid were to him or them delivered; and shall the copy to jjkewife certify upon the back of such copy or copies the day officers^at the anc year on wh*eh the same was or were produced, and shall port of con forthwith transmit such copy or copies to the respective collectors signment, C and comptrollers of the several port's to which the goods, by such manifest or manifests shall appear respectively to be consigned; and that the aid master, of other person so having Or taking the charge or command of any such ship or vessel shall

Y1

4^5

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 40?

in like manner produce to the officer or officers of his majesty's customs who shall first come on board such ship or vessel, upon her arrival within the limits of any port of Great Britain in which the cargo, or any part thereof, is intended to be discharged or landed, such manifest or manifests, or content or contents, in writing as aforesaid, and shall also deliver to him or them a true copy or copies thereof (such copy or copies also to be provided and subscribed by the said matter, or other person leaving or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel), the production of which said manifest or manifests, or content or contents, in writing, and the delivery of such copy or copies thereof, to be delivered as is herein berbre directed, shall also be certified to have been so produced and delivered as aforesaid, by the said officer or officers of his majesty's customs who shall so first come on board the said ship or vessel, on her arrival within the limits of any such port, upon the back of the said original manifest or manifests, or content or contents, in writing, with the particular day and year, and the time when such manifest or manifests, or content or contents, in writing, was or were produced to such officer or officers, and when he or they so received the said copy or copies thereof; and such officer or officers is and are hereby required forthwith to transmit, or cause to be transmitted, the said copy or copies of the said manifest or manifests, or content or contents, in writing, to the collector and comptroller of that port: provided always, That nothing herein con Matter not tained shall be construed to extend to require of such master, or required to other person having or taking the charge or command of such f^antwo6 ship or vessel, the delivery of more than one copy of the mani copies of hii fest or manifests, content or contents, respectively, which he is manifest. hereby directed to have on board, to the officer or officers aforesaid, who shall first come on board of such ship or vessel, within four leagues of the coast of Great Britain, and to none other who shall afterwards come on board, within the distance aforesaid; qne other copy to such officer or officers as shall first come on board within the limits of any port in Great Britain, and to none other who shall afterwards come on board within such limits, if such master, or other person so having or taking the charge or command of any such ship or vessel, shall produce to such officer or officers respectively his manifest or manifests, content or contents, with a certificate on the back thereof, as aforesaid1 provided lalfo. That if any manifest or content, herein before directed to be delivered up to the collector and comptroller of any port where such ftjip or vessel arrives, shall contain an account of goods not there to be landed, but which shall appear to be consigned to some other port or place in Great Britain, then, and in such case, that the collector and comptroller shall certify upon such manifest, under their hands, such jpart of the cargo as (half there have been delivered, and shall then deliver back the original 'manifest to the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of the ship of Vessel; and foin like manner, as often as the case shall require,

'V until

Penalty on matter neglecting to produce his ma uifest, or to give a copy thereof to the proper officer, C

and on officer neglecting to certify the production thereof, etc.

Matter and mate of any such vessel, who ttiallfuf fer bulk to be broken within the said limits, unauthorised by the proper officer, shall forfeit each sool.;

except, C

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 40. [1786.

until suck ship or vessel shall arrive at her last.port or place of discharge.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, if the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of any ship or vessel, laden as aforesaid, and bound to any port or place in Great Britain, shall not, upon his arrival within the limits of any port in Great Britain as aforesaid, or within four leagues of the coast thereof, produce such manifest or manifests, or content or contents, in writing, to the officer and officers of his majesty's customs as aforesaid, upon demand thereof, and also give such copy or copies thereof as aforesaid to the officer or officers of his majesty's customs who shall first come on board such ship or vessel, upon her arrival, as aforesaid, within any port in Great Britain, where the cargo, or any part thereof, is intended to be discharged or landed or shall not give an account of the destination of such ship or vessel, or shall give a false account of the destination thereof, in order to evade the production of the manifest or manifests, or content or contents, in writing, the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall forfeit a sum equal to double the value of the goods, together with the full duties due and payable thereon; and if such officer or officers first coming on board, within the distance or limits aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to certify on the back of such manifest or manifests, or content or contents, the production thereof, and the delivery of such copies, respectively, as are herein before directed and required to be delivered to such officer or officers, every such officer, so neglecting or refilling shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, after the arrival of any ship or vessel so laden with goods as aforesaid, and bound to Great Britain, either when within the limits of any of the ports of Great Britain, or within four leagues of the coast thereof, bulk shall be broken, or any part of the cargo of such ship or vessel shall be unladen or un shipped with intention to be laid on land, or unshipped for any other purpose whatever, out of such ship or vessel as aforesaid, within the limits or distance aforesaid, before such ship or vessel shall come to the proper place for the discharge of her cargo, or any part thereof, and shall be there duly authorised by the proper officer or officers of the customs to unlade the same, the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, and the mate or other person next in command, shall respectively forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds, except in case of unavoidable necessity and distress of weather, or other unavoidable accident, necessity, or distress, of which necessity and distress, or other unavoidable accident, the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall give notice to, and (together with two or more of the mariners on board such ship or vessel) shall make proof, upon oath, before the collector

or

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 40. 487

or other chief officer of the customs of the port within the limits of which such accident, necessity, or distress shall happen, or before the collector or other chief officer of the first port in Great Britain, within the limits of which such ship or vessel shall afterwards arrive, if the said accident, necessity or distress shall have happened, not within the limits of any port, but within four leagues of the eoaft of Great Britain, (which oath the said collector or other chief officer is hereby authorised and required to administer).

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, upon the arrival of any ship or vessel within the limits Directions re

of any port in Great Britain for the discharge of the cargo, or lative to

any part thereof, there shall be any goods which, from necef ifj r J*r t r \ s n III itorea in the

lity, or from the nature of the cargo, mutt be unavoidably main old,

(lowed, either in the cabin, or between the decks, or upon the

decks, or in the steerage, forecastle, or other place or places,

out of the main hold of any such ship or vessel (save and except

such part of the cargo as is flowed in the chains,or in other

parts on the outside of such ship or vessel), in such case the

officer or officers of the customs who shall first go on board,

shall, before he or they shall leave the ship or vessel, mark or

seal such several and respective packages, in such manner as such

officer or officers shall be directed by the commissioners of the

customs, or any four or more of them, in England, or the commissioners of the customs, or ariy three or more of them, in Scotland, for the time being, and shall keep a particular account

thereof; which mark or (eal shall not be altered, defaced, or

broken, before the goods contained in such packages shall be respectively landed, either at the lawful quays, or at such other places as shall from time to time be allowed for that purpose, by

special sufferance and leave from the of and officers

of his majesty's customs, and under the authority of an order

from the proper landing waiters, and like wise in the presence of such superior officer or officers as the said of of the

customs, m England and Scotland respectively, shall appoint to

see such packages opened.

X ind be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That If any marks if any of the marks or seals which shall have been put upon any on such goods of the packages as before directed, shall be altered, defaced, or foce^vdfh broken, by the master, or other person having or taking the the privity of charge or command of the ship or vessel on board of which such the master offence or offences shall be committed, or by any of the crew, and mate,

or shall be committed by any other person, with the privity or !each"

consent of the said master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, every such master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, and also the mate or such personas shall be next in command to such master, or other person having the charge and command as aforesaid, shall, for each and every offence so committed, forfeit two hundred pounds.

LAND be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That

488 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 40.

[178&

Matter of That the matter, or other person having or taking the charge every vessel or command of any ship or vessel, in which such goods shall be suchgood3 to imported or brought as aforesaid into Great Britain, shall, make entry, within twenty-four hours after the arrival of such ship or vessel upon oath, of at such places respectively as shall hereafter be fixed upon and ter burden, appointed for that purpose by the commissioners of the customs, before the or any our or more m England or the of

chief officer of the customs, or any three or more of them, in Scotland, for at the port of the time being, make entry, upon oath, of the built, burden, importation; contents, and lading of such ship or vessel, with the particular marks, numbers, and contents of every parcel of goods then laden on board such ship or vessel, to the best of his knowledge and belief, and do and perform every act and thing in relation thereto, before the customer, collector, or other chief officer of the customs of the said port, openly in the customhouse at the same port, in the manner directed and required by an apaired in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late 13 & 14 Car. majesty King Charles the Second, entitled. An attfor preventing C IX frauds and regulating abuses in his Majesty's customs, under the and deliver penalty of the forfeiture of one hundred pounds; and the said his manifest matter or other person shall, at the time he so makes his report or entry of his ship upon oath, at the customhouse as aforesaid,

deliver to the collector, or other chief officer of the customs at the said port, the manifest or manifests, or content or contents, in writing, as before dlre&ed to accompany their respective cargoes, and to be on board every ship or vessel in which goods shall be so imported or brought as aforesaid into Great Britain j on penalty of and if the said matter, or other person having or taking the seal. charge or command of any such ship or vessel, shall neglect or

refuse to deliver such manifest or manifests, or content or contents, in writing, as aforesaid, to the said collector or other chief officer of the customs, at the time he so makes his report or entry of his ship upon oath at the customhouse as aforesaid, every such matter, or other person so having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of two htmdred pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty on That if any package whatever, which shall have been reported the ^od^re or other person having or taking the charge or

ported(half" command of any ship or vessel in manner herein before direct rot agree ed, shall be wanting, and not found on board such ship or vef

with the ma fel, in conformity to such report; or if the goods reported shall

nifest, C not agree with the manifest or manifests, content or contents;

or if either the report or manifest or manifests shall not agree

with the cargo found on board of such vessel or vessels; then,

and in every such case, the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such.ship or vessel, shall for certain cases feit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds: provided never m which the theless. That in case any goods shall be imported without such not^beincur man^eft or manifests, or content or contents, in writing, as red. herein before is directed; or in case the manifest or manifests

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 40. 489

or content or contents, accompanying the goods, shall not agree with the report, or shall be defaced or incorrect, or shall not agree with the goods on board, and it shall be made to appear, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the customs, that the cargo imported was wholly taken on board in foreign parts, naming the particular places where it was taken on board respectively, and that no part of the cargo has been unshipped since it was taken on board, and that the manifest or content has been lost or mislaid without fraud or collusion, or that the same was defaced by accident, or incorrect by mistake; in such case, the penalties and forfeitures herein before inflicted shall not be incurred: provided also, That in case any goods shall, from urgent necessity, be taken on board of any ship or vessel in any foreign porf or place, for Great Britain, after such manifest or manifests, or content or contents, as required by this act, shall have been attested in manner herein before directed, the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall make out, or cause to be made out, and shall signa separate manifest or manifests, or content or contents, of all such goods as shall be so taken on board; which manifest or manifests, or content or contents, shall be subject to all and every provision in this act contained, to all intents and purposes, in like manner as the manifest or manifests, or content or contents, so attested as aforesaid, are subjected; and in such case, the penalties and forfeitures hereinbefore'

with respect to goods imported without a manifest or content, shall not be incurred, if the urgent necessity of so taking such goods on board shall be made to appear, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the customs in England and scot land respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any goods so taken on board any ship or vessel in any Penalty on foreign port or place, shall, after the arrival of such ship or vef m?ft.ers per fel within the limits of any port of Great Britain, or within four to^be^rown* leagues of the coast thereof, or after the first production of the overboard, manifest or manifests, or content or contents, to the officers of caster ar the customs, in manner hereinbefore directed (whether such rival within goods shall be inserted in the said manifest or manifests, or contentor contents, herein before directed to accompany such goods, or not), be thrown overboard, or (laved, or otherwise in any manner destroyed (except in case of unavoidable necessity, proof of which shall be made, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of his majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively), the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of the ship or vessel on board of which such offence hail be committed, shall forfeit two hundred pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every importer or importers, proprietor, or pro Importers, prietors, or consignee or consignees, of any goods imported or C within ao brought into Great Britain as aforesaid, shall severally and re days after the speftively, within twenty days after the master, or other person ^rt^to make

having entry, with


49

the proper officer, of all goods imported, C by them, and pay the duties.

t Annx, C 8.

Trom Aug. i, 1786, no vessel shall be cleared out for foreign parts, until the master and mate have given bond not to land illegally any goods on board, etc.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 40.

[178&

having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel* shall have made his report or entry upon oath, in manner hereinbefore directed, or after the expiration of the time within which he is required by law so to do, make a due entry in writing, in the usual and accustomed manner, with the collector or other chief officer of the customs, at the port in Great Britain where the ship or vessel so laden as aforesaid shall arrive, of all the goods so by them, and each and every of them, respectively imported in such ship or vessel, or of which they and each and every of them are the importers, proprietors, or consignees, respectively, and shall pay the full duties due and payable, in ready money, for such goods, within the time aforesaid; and that if he or they respectively shall fail in so doing, it shall and may be lawful for the officers of the customs to convey such goods to his majesty's warehouse at the customhouse for security of the duties; and if the full duties are not paid for such goods within the space of three calendar months from the time they shall be so brought to the said warehouse at the customs house, they shall and may be then forthwith sold, and the pror duce applied agreeably to an af, passed in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for encouraging the tobacco trade; any law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding: provided nevertheless, That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the selling of any goods which may by law be entered and warehoused, upon bond or security Jpeing given for the whole of the duties due thereon.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, it shall not be lawful for any officer or officers of his majesty's customs in Great Britain to permit or suffer any ship or vessel to be cleared out for foreign parts, from any port or place whatever in Great Britain, until the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, and the mate of such ship or vessel, shall Severally and respectively give security to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by bond, in the penalty of two hundred pounds, (which security shall be taken by the collector, or other principal officer of the customs, at such port or place, who is hereby authorised and required to take such security), with condition that such matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, or such mate, as the case may be will not at any time thereafter land, or cause to be landed, any goods, in any part of this kingdom, in any manner which is of shall be prohibited by law, or take the same on board in order to their being so landed, nor be anywise concerned, or aiding or assisting in fraudulently importing, unshipping, or landing the same, and will not hinder, molest, or oppose, any of his majesty's officers of the customs or excise, or any other person or persons assisting them, or either of them, in the dup execution of their respective offices or employments; or until such matter,

or

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 40. 491;

or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall produce a certificate, under the hand of the collector, or other principal officer of the customs, at some other port o^place in Great Britain, of such security having been before given at such other port or place, to such collector or other principal officer, by such matter and mate.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall not be paid or allowed to any person whatso Clauserelative ever, upon the exportation of any goods entitled to eithert(bales drawback, or bounty, upon exportation, any drawback, boun pref3 paeked, ty, or allowance whatever, if the goods are in bales press etc, paeked, unless the several different names and species of the goods and the quantities and qualities thereof, respectively, shall be verified by the respective mailer packer or master packers thereof, or one of them, or in case of the absence of such master packer or master packers, or one of them, from sickness or other unavoidable necessity, by the foreman, or other servant of such master packer, or master packers, respectively, who shall have actual knowledge of the contents of the bales so respectively press paeked, in the following manner; (that is to say). If the goods are packed at the port whence they are to be exported, or within ten miles thereof, then by oath made and subscribed upon the entry or cocquet, before the collector or comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs at such port,

(who is and are hereby respectively authorised to administer the same); and if such goods are packed at any greater distance than ten miles from the port from whence the goods are to be exported, then on the like oath made, and subscribed in manner aforesaid, before some magistrate or justice of the peace for the county or place where such master packer or packers shall reside.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every master, or other person having or taking the charge Penalty on or command of any ship or vessel, on board of which any goods matters who shall be shipped for exportation to foreign parts, from any port ^all not delle or place in Great Britain, shall, upon demand, produce and de to^he^ropo' liver to each and every officer or officers of his majesty's cuf officer; toms, who shall come on board his ship or vessel, either within the limits of any port in Great Britain, or within four leagues of the coast thereof, all and each and every cocquet or cocquets delivered to him by the proper officer or officers of the customs, at the port or ports, place or places, where the ship or vessel shall have been cleared out, for the examination and inspection of every such officer or officers, under the penalty of one hundred pounds; and if such officer or officers shall find any orwhofe car of the goods on board such ship or vessel not to correspond go shall not with the cocquet or cocquets so produced, he or they is and are agreeable hereby authorised and required to seize the said goods, which thert0 shall be forfeited; or if such officer or officers shall discover that any of the packages endorsed upon the cocquet or cocquets so produced, are not on board the said ship or vessel, the master,

or

or bounty, to be made out in the names of the real owners.

Companies trading by a joint stock may employ

492 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 46.

[178&

or other person having or taking the charge or command of thfc ' ship or vessel, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for each

and every package contained in such cocquet or cocquets, and not found.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Debentureson That no entry shall pass, nor any debenture be made out, upon goo^endtloi exportat*on to foreign parts from Great Britain, of any goods to drawback, whatever, which are entitled either to drawback or bounty upon exportation, but in the name of the real owner or owners, or proprietor or proprietors of the goods, if they, or any of them, are Tefident in Great Britain; and that before such owner or owners, or proprietor or proprietors; shall receive the drawback or bounty, or any allowance to which such goods may be entitled, or any part thereof, one or more of them, and not any broker or agent on his or their behalf, shall, upon the debenture, verify, by oath, his or their so being the real owner or owners, or proprietor or proprietors, of such goods, and also that the goods are really and bona fide exported to foreign parts, and have not been relanded in Great Britain $ any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding: provided always, That such real owner or owners, or proprietor o proprietors of such goods, if he or they shall not have purchased or obtained a an agent, etc. right to, or property in, the drawback to which such goods are entitled, shall, and is and are hereby required, at the time such goods are entered for exportation, to acknowledge in writing under his or their hands upon the entry, the person or persons who is or are entitled to such drawback; and such person or persons shall, after the requisites of this act are fully complied with, receive such drawback; and the receipt of such person or persons upon the debenture shall be an acquittal and discharge for such drawback: provided nevertheless, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to hinder or prevent the agent of any corporation or company trading by a joint (lock from making o5th, in the manner now by law allowed, to entitle such corporation or company to obtain any drawback or allowance upon the exportation of goods from Great Britain hor to hinder or prevent any proprietor or proprietors of lands in any of his majesty's colonies or plantations, nor any person or persons whatever, from exporting from any place, otlrer than that at which he or they reside, if such person or persons shall reside at a greater distance than twenty miles from such place, any goods or commodities whatever; nor any person or persons whatever from exporting from any place, other than that at which, he or they reside, any goods whatsoever, of British manufacture, (being the property of such person or persons), by and in the name of an agent, and such agent is hereby authorised to do and perform every ad and thing, to entitle the real proprietor or proprietors of the goods to all and every bounty, drawback, or allowance, due by law upon the exportation of such goods, and to recover the same in as full and ample manner as if the real proprietor or proprietors was or were to ad:

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 40. 493

therein; provided such agent shall testify upon oath, on the back of the debenture, over and besides what is already by law required to be testified upon oath before the collector or comptroller, or other chief officer of the custotns, (who is and are hereby authorised to administer the same), the name or names of the real proprietor or proprietors of the goods, and his or their known place of abode, and shall, if required by the said collector or comptroller, or other chief officer, give good and sufficient reason for his knowledge of the place to which the goods are intended to be exported,

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-ninth From Sept, day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, no

no bounty or premium shall be paid or allowed for or upon any t be mi^for goods whatsoever exported from this kingdom to Ireland, and goods export that no drawback, bounty, or premium shall be paid or allowed ed to Ireland, for or upon any goods whatever exported from this kingdom to Guernsey, the islands of Guernsey or Jersey, nor any debenture made out ccr.

for such drawback, bounty, or premium, until a certificate shall tificate. be produced, under the hands and seals of the collector, comptroller, and surveyor of the customs, or any two of them, belonging to such port in Ireland, or from the register of certificates, or other chief officer of the customs in the said islands of

Guernsey or Jersey, as such goods shall have been respectively landed at, certifying that the goods have been duly landed there; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no goods whatever, entitled to either drawback, bounty, Goods inti or premium, shall be carried or put on board any ship or vesseltled to draur whatever for exportation to foreign parts by any person or persons ^om^o be whatever, (except the proper officers of the revenue), other than put onboard, such person or persons as shall be authorised for that purpose, by licence under the hands of the commissioners of his majesty's customs, or any four or more of them, for the time being, who are hereby authorised to grant the same, and to require such security as they may deem necessary, by bond or otherwise, to be given by the person or persons to whom they shall grant such licence, for the actual delivery of the whole of the goods on board such ship or vessel to the officers of the revenue stationed on board, and for the faithful and incorrupt dealing, in every respect of such person or persons in regard to such goods; which said persons so " to be licensed as aforesaid, shall and are hereby required, upon carrying such goods on board any ship or vessel, to give clear and full information thereof, in writing, to the master, or other person then in charge of such ship or vessel, for the better enabling the master to give notice, as required by this act, previous to his clearing out with drawback or bounty goods; which licence, when granted by the commissioners of the customs, shall not be withdrawn by them, or the operation under the same in any manner hindered, obstructed or prevented, unless either the person or persons to whom such licence shall have been granted, or some other person or persons employed You XXXV LI^by f

c^ocf^lc

494 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 40. [1786.

by them, tand with his or their privity or consent, shall commit forne ad against any law now made, or hereafter to be made, to secure the revenue of customs or excise, and shall be convicted thereof, in which case the said of shall and are hereby authorised and required to withdraw such licence.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au towhomli thority aforesaid, That the of of his majesty's cuf cencesforthat toms shall, and are hereby required to grant such licence as be^rantect1 a^orefa^ to aan every person and persons who is or are'now,

s by law, entitled to carry or put on board such goods, and who shall give such security as the said of, or any four or more of them, shall deem necessary, and to no other person or persons whatever.

XXII. And whereas it has frequently happened, That Ships or vessels, as well bound to Great Britain from foreign parts, as from Great Britain to foreign parts, have pqjfed the usual places appointed for stationing officers of the revenue on board of vessels, and for relieving or landing fitch officers, without bringing to for such purpose;

Penalty on lie it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the

matters of matter, or other person having or taking the charge or com

vessels who mand of any ship or vessel coming or arriving from foreign parts,

touring to at not Presume to pas such ufaal places, or such other places the usual as may hereafter be appointed for that purpose by the commis

places ap sioners of his majesty's customs, or any four or more of them,

pointed for for the time being, without bringing to and receiving the re

'fleers?the" venue oncers on board; or, being out ward bound for foreign

revenue. parts, shall not presume to pass without bringing to at such

usual places, or such places as shall be appointed as aforesaid, for the purpose of the cargo being examined, and of relieving or landing such officers, unless in case of unavoidable necessity or distress of weather, or other unavoidable accident, to be made appear to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the customs; and that every such matter, or other person, who shall so pass without bringing to for the purposes aforesaid, either inward or outward bound, shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Revenue offi That from and after the passing of this act, any officer or officers on board cers of his majesty's revenue, properly authorised to examine access to the anf WP or vessel or the cargo on board thereof, shall, at all cabin, times, have free access to the cabin, and every other part or and may open place in such ship or vessel; and in case any places within the locks, etc. cabin, forecastle, steerage, or any other part of the ship, or any boxes, chests, or other thing contained therein, shall be locked, or in any manner fattened, and the keys shall be withheld, or the places shall not be opened for such officers respectively, on their requiring the same of the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship of vessel, such officer or officers, if they are of a degree superior to tidesmen or watermen, shall, and are hereby authorised and im powered to ooen the same in the hest nwmei? they can, and

are

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 40* 495

are hereby indemnified in so doing; but if such officers shall only be in the class of tidesmen or watermen, they shall, and are hereby required to send for their superior officer, who is hereby in like manner authorised to open, or cause the same to be opened; and shall be, and is and are hereby indemnified in so doing.

XXIV. And whereas, by an act passed in the ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, (entitled, An act for better securing the Recital of duties of customs upon certain goods removed from the out 9 Geo. 3. c. 414 ports, and other places, to London; for regulating the fees of the officers of his Majesty's customs, in the province of senegambia in Africa; for allowing to the receivers general of the duties on offices and employments in Scotland a proper compensation for their trouble and expenses j for the better preservation of hollies, thorns, and quicksets, in forests, chases, and private grounds, and of trees and underwoods in forests and chases; and for authorising the exportation of a limited quantity of an inferior sort of barley. Called Bigg, from the port of Kirhvall in the islands of Orkney, it is amongst other things en aftedy That no Nanquin cloth, mujlinsy foreign callims, or foreign dimity, exceeding in quantity one entire piece; and no china earthenware, exceeding in number twelve pieces, (if the fameshall have been imported or seized at any out port in Great Britain), hall be brought, removed, or carried, either by land or by water, from any out port, or other place whatsoever, in Great Britain, into the port of London, or the members thereof or to any place whatever, within the dislance of twenty miles from the Royal Exchange London, without a certificate from the collector, or other proper officer of his ma jessy customs, at the port or place where such goodb were imported or seized, certifying that the duties upon the importation of such goods have been duly paid or satisfied, or that the said goods have been before compounded fry or condemnedy which fa ft shall be verified by the oath of the importer or proprietor thereof? referring to the times when, and the place wherey such goods were entered, condemnedy or compounded for; and if such goods hall have been imported or seized within the port of London, and sent from thence to any out port for fate, they hall not be removed as aforesaid from any out port into the port of London, or the members thereof or to any place whatsoever within the dislance of twenty miles from the Royal Exchange London, without a certificate from the collector or other proper officer of his majesifs\customs, at or nearest to the port or place from whence such goods are intended to be removed, certifying that the owner or proprietor of such goods hath made oath before him, that the said goods, and every part thereof had been sent to such owner or proprietor from London, for sale, in the lawful way of trade, referring to the time when, with the name and residence of the person from wham, such goods were sent, and that such owner or proprietor verily believed the duties payable upon the importation of such goods had been duly paid and satisfied, or that the said goods had been before compounded for or condemned; and the said respective certificates hall express the quantity and quality of the said goods, with the marks of

L 1 2 th

cate that the duties have been duly paid, etc.

496 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 40. [1786.

the package thereof \ to what places, and to whom the same at e con signed9 and by what carriage the same are intended to be removed; and, > if the said goods are removed by land, the aid certificate shall also express and limit the time for which the same shall continue in force: and whereas further regulations are necessary to attain the good purposes intended by the said act: be it therefore enacted by No goods, the the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this growth or ad, no goods or commodities whatever, of the growth, pro ^any^uii6 dudion, or manufacture of the countries beyond the Cape of try beyond the Good Hope, shall in any manner, or upon any pretence whatever. Cape of Good be brought, removed, carried, or conveyed, either by land or Hope, shall be by water, from any place whatever, into the cities of London London ort anc ^flminster, and the liberties thereof, or the borough of Westminster, Southwark^and the several suburbs thereof, or into the parishes etc. without a of Saint Mary le bon, and Saint Pancras, in the county of mid proper certifi* dlesex> without a certificate, as directed by the said last recited r9tp f f ad, made in the said ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, or without a certificate from the collector or other proper officer of his majesty's, customs in the port of London, certifying that the duties have been duly paid for the same at the importation thereof, or that the same have been before compounded for or condemned; which shall be verified by the oath of the proprietor or proprietors of such goods, referring to the time or times when such goods were entered, compounded for, or condemned, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all such goods, and of the packages, which shall be so brought, removed, carried, or conveyed into, or which shall be found carrying, conveying, or removing to, the said cities and places aforesaid, or any of them, with intent to bring such goods into some or one of the cities or places aforesaid without such certificate as before directed, together with the boats, carts, horses, cattle, and carriages, made use of in the removal, carriage, or conveyance of the same, and the furniture belonging thereto.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, from and after the passing of this act, any dispute shall arise, touching the place to which such goods or commodities, as aforesaid, were removing, carrying, or conveying, the claimer or claimers of such goods or commodities shall prove that they were removing, carrying, or conveying to some place, other than the cities and places aforesaid; that the proof of their being removing, carrying, and conveying to the cities and places aforesaid, shall not lie on the officer who shall seize or hop such goods.

XXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be

construed to extend, to forfeit any of the aforesaid commodities, removed*which shall be removed, or found removing, as before menti without for oned, if it shall appear, to the satisfaction of the of feiture thereof the customs, that such goods were bought in a lawful and open way of trade, or are the property of private persons, and have been used as their domestic furniture,

XXVII an<l

The proof of the place to which such goods were removing to lie on the claimer.

In certain cases such

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 40.'

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Commanders That it shall and may be lawful for the commanders of any of of his maje his majesty's ships or vessels of war, or any commissioned war P rant or petty officer, specially authorised by them, to seize, with may' fe; z'e any out having any deputation or commission from the commission vesselsor

ers of his majesty's customs or excise for that purpose, any goods subject goods or commodities whatever, or any ships or vessels what to forfeiture, ever, which shall be subject to forfeiture by this act, or by any other act or acts of parliament now in force, for any offence against the revenue of customs or excise: provided the commander of such ship or vessel of war shall bring, or cause to be brought, every such seizure to his majesty's warehouse at the nearest customhouse to which such seizure can conveniently be

brought, and shall there lodge and deposit the same, in the

custody, and under the charge and care of the proper officer of the customs, in case the seizure shall be made under any act for

securing the revenue of customs, or in the custody, and under

the charge and care of the proper officer of excise, in case it

shall be made under any act for securing the revenue of excise

only; and shall, in all respects, in regard to the prosecution or o

delivery of any such seizure, conform to all and each and every

of the rules, regulations, and restrictions to which the officers

of his majesty's customs and excise are now, in case of such

seizures made by them respectively, subject; any law, custom,

or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And zvhereasgreat difficulties have arisen in ascertaining the truth of faffs relative to his Majestfs revenue of customs, as well as to the conduff of the officers employed therein, upon examinations and inquiries made by the surveyors general of the customs; be

it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and Witnesses to after the pasting of this act, any person or persons examined be examined before them as a witness or witnesses, or any or either of them, e

respectively, shall deliver his, her, or their testimony upon oath, veyorsgeneral to be administered by the surveyor general, or surveyors gene of the customa. ral respectively, who shall examine them; and such surveyor or surveyors general are hereby authorised to administer such an oath accordingly; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding,

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall be convicted of Persons make making a false oath, touching any of the fads directed or re inga false quired by this act to be testified on oath, or of giving false^vi ar etc. to dence, on his, her, or their examination on oath before thelfur guilty of per veyors general of the customs, or any one or more of thettv, jury respectively, in conformity to the directions of this act, such person or persons so convicted as aforesaid shall be deemed guilty of perjury, and shall be liable to the pains and penalties to which persons are liable for wilful and corrupt perjury.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalties and? That all penalties and forfeitures created and incurred by this r

ad, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and discovered and)

LI 3 posed applied.

4$8 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 40.' [1786.

pefed of, in such manner, and by such ways, means, and methods, as any penalties incurred, or any goods or vessels forfeited for any offeree against the laws of customs, may now legally be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and the officer or officers concerned in seizures or prosecutions under this act, shall be entitled to, and receive such share of the produce arising from the seizures as they are now by law entitled to upon prosecutions of seizures for unlawful importation, and to such share of the produce arising from any pecuniary fine, or penalty, or composition, paid for any offence against this act, as they are now by any law or regulation entitled to upon prosecutions for pecuniary penalties.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

If in atrial That, from and after the passing of this act, in case any infor koods^where rnat^orl commenced and brought to trial, on account of

in a verdict " le seizure of any goods, or of any ship, boat, or other vessel, shall be given or of any horse, cattle or carriage, as forfeited by this or any for the claim other act of parliament relating to his majesty's customs or ex er, there shall C fe or other his majesty's revenues, wherein a verdict or fen bee tence (han be given for the claimer thereof, and it shall appear cause for such to the judge, justice, or court, before whom the same shall be tried seizure, the or heard, that there was a probable cause of seizure, the judge,

justice, or court before whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall certify on the record or other proceedings that there was a probable cause for the prosecutor's seizing the said goods, ship, boat, or other vessel, horse, cattle, or carriage; and in such case the defendant shall not be entitled to any costs of suit whatsoever, nor shall the persons who seized the said goods, ship, boat, vessel, horse, cattle, or carriage, be liable to any action, or other suit or prosecution, on account of such seizure; and in case any action, or other suit or prosecution, shall be commenced and brought to trial or hearing against any person or persons whatsoever, on account of the seizing any such goods, ship, boat, vessel, horse, cattle, or carriage, where no information shall be commenced or brought to trial to condemn the same, and a verdict or sentence shall be given, upon such action or prosecution, against the defendant or defendants, if the court or judge before whom such action or prosecution may be brought shall certify, in like manner as aforesaid, that there was a probable cause for such seizure, then the plaintiff, besides his goods, ship, boat, vessel, horse, cattle, or carriage so seized, or the value thgjreof, shall not be entitled to above twopence damages, nor to, ny costs of suit, nor shall the defendant in such prosecution be fined above one shilling.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several regulations in this act contained, except where the time for commencement thereof is otherwise in this act fixed and provided for, shall commence from and after the following periods; videlicet In respect to ships or vessels coming from any part of Europe from and after the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six; in respect

defendant shall not be inti tied to cods, etc.

Commencement of this act.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 40u 4

spect to ships or vessels coming from any partof Africa or America, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven 5 and in respect to ships and vessels coming from Asia, from and after the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, eight.

XXXIII. And whereas, by an act of parliament made in the third Recital of year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for the  5*

further improvement of his majesty's revenue of customs; and for the encouragement of officers making seizures; for the prevention of the clandestine running of goods into any part of his majesty's dominions), it is, amongst other things, enabled.

it shall and may be lazvful to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's customs to cause all Ships, vessels, and boats, and all goods, of what kind soever they may be (excepting only such vessels, boats, and goods as are by law liable to be burnt), which shall be seized by any officers of the customs for unlawful importation, or for nonpayment of duties, or for any other cause of forfeiture, and condemned, according to law, to be sold publicly to the best bidder, at such places as the said of shall think proper: and whereas, by an act made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty entitled. An at Geo. 3.0.15, for granting certain duties in the British colonies and plantations in America; for continuing, amending, and making perpetual, an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled, An act for the better securing and encouraging the trade of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America); for applying the produce of such duties, and of the duties to arise by virtue of the said act, towards defraying the expenses of defending, protecting, and securing, the said colonies and plantations; for explaining an act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled, An act for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eastland trades, and for the better securing the plantation trade); and for altering and disallowing several drawbacks on exports from this kingdom, and more effectually preventing the clandestine conveyance of goods to and from the said colonies and plantations, and improving and securing the trade between the same and Great Britain); it is, amongst other things, enabled. That all forfeitures and penalties inflicted by that or any other act or acts of parliament, relating to the trade and revenues of the British colonies or plantations in America, which shall be incurred there, shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered in any court of record, or in any court of admiralty, in the said colonies or plantations where such offence shall be committed, or in the court of vice admiralty, which may or shall be appointed over all America; which court of admiralty, or vice admiralty, are thereby respectively authorised and required to proceed, hear, and determine the same, at the election of the informer or prosecutor; but the said last recited act not having given any directions by whom ships and goods so seized and prosecuted in the said British colonies or plantations shall be sold, after the condemnation thereof, and it being expedient that the same Should be sold, by the officers of his Majesty's revenue,

L 1 4 in

roo Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 41. [1786.

in like manner as they are sold in Great Britain: in order, therefore, to obviate any doubts that have arisen or may arise in such cases, it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid. From Sept, That from and after the twenty-ninth day of September, one 1786, all.vef thousand seven hundred and eighty six, all ships and vessels, seized afdd8 an goods> what kind soever they may be, which shall be cohdcmedifi seized in pursuance of any at or ate made in Great Britain, the British co relative to the trade and revenue of the said British colonies or loniesiaame plantations, and which shall be condemned there, in any court fcdd*there by having jurisdicuon to try and determine the same, shall be sold public auc*by public auction to the best bidder, at the customhouse, by |lon. the collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the

customs, for the island, colony, or plantation, in whose custody such ship, vessel, or goods shall be lodged and secured; and the produce of such sale shall be accounted for and applied by such collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the customs, according to law, subject to the orders and directions of the commissioners of his majesty's customs in England, or any four or more of them; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XLI.

An act for the further support and encouragement of the fi/beries carried on in the Greenland seas and davis's Straights.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the fi/beries carried on in the Greenland seas and davis's Straights have been raised, by the bounties and encouragements already given, to a very flourishing condition: and whereas the said bounties will cease and expire on the twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and it will be proper further to encourage and support the said fisheries, by granting, to hips employed therein, such other bounties as the present state of the public revenue may justify, and the nature and condition of the saidfi/heries appear now to require: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of For five years the same. That, for and during the space of five years, to be from Dec. 45, computed from the said twenty-fifth day of December, one thou-3786, British fan(j seven hundred and eighty six, the bounties herein after the5whales 011 mentioned shall be paid and allowed under the several rules and fishery mull restrictions herein after expressed and directed; (that is to say), be visited by Every british b\i\lt ship or vessel, owned by a british subject or offir british subjects usually residing in Great Britain, or in the whocfhaher inlands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, which shall, within the tify the ad time limited by this act, proceed from any port of Great Britain, measurement, or the islands aforesaid, on the whale fishery, to the Greenland etc. to the feag5 or davis*s Straights, or to the seas adjacent, and which ers?mi ion" hall be wanned and navigated with a master, and three fourths of the mariners at lead, being british Subjects, usually residing in Great Britain, Inland or in the iflaads aforesaid, shall, before

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 4rj 501

fore (he proceeds on such voyage, or be entitled to the benefits of this abe visited by the proper officer or officers of the customs belonging to such port, who shall examine into such ship or vessel and take an account of the tonnage thereof by adgieafurement, and shall certify such his or their visitation and examination and admeasurement, to the of of his majesty's customs; and if it appears by the certificate of such If such certi. officer or officers that (he hath on board such a number of men ficate proves provisions, boats, fiftiing lines, and instruments to be used in thepvo such fishery, as herein after are mentioned;, that (he is strongly age voy* built, and otherwise a proper ship for such voyage and fishery*hath on board, among her crew, a sufficient number of harpooners, fteerfmen, and line managers, who have before been employed in such voyages, (the names of such persons to b be contained in such certificate); and if it further appears, by ancj.if a the oath of one or more owner or owners, and of the master or Intention to chief officer of fuph ship or vessel, written at the foot of such proceedforth certificate, and made before the principal officers of the customs with thereon, of such port, or any two of them, whereof the collector shall be one, (who are hereby empowered and required to administer the same), that it is really and truly their firm purpose and determined resolution that such ship shall, as soon as licence shall he granted, forthwith proceed, so manned, furnished, and accoutred, on a voyage to the Greenland feasor davis's Sireightx, or the seas adjacent, and there, in the then approaching season, to use the utmost endeavours of themselves, and their ship's company, to take whales, or other creatures living in the sea, and on no other design or view of profit in such voyage, and to import the whale fins, oil, and blubber thereof, into the king and to import dom of Great Britain, (naming the port thereof to which it is w^alein(. their intention to return); and if the master, after such certifi Great Britain cate had and oath made, do also become bound, with two sufficient securities, unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the penalty of such sum as shall be equal to treble the bounty granted by this a, (which bond the said collector, with the approbation of the comptroller, is hereby, as far.as relates to the bounties granted by this act, authorised to take, and which is to be in force, for the term of three years, against the master and sureties, for the faithful dealings of the said master and ship's company in regard to the said ship and voyage), then, and in all such cases, it shall and may be lawful for any three or the commifli more of the commissioners of the customs in England and Scot oners, on fecu land respectively for the time being, on receiving such certificates rj[jcn and oaths made, and it being certified to them by the collector grantyicence and comptroller of such port, that sufficient security hath been to the ship. given as aforesaid, to give and grant, and they are hereby required to give and grant to the master and owners of such ship,

'full licence and authority to proceed on such voyage as aforesaid.

II. And, to 'prevent any disputes that may drife, whether a Jlnp he properly qualified and duly fitted out sir the wfale fishery> according to

ft

502 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 41. [1786.

the true intent and meaning of this act, and entitled to a certificate ber of rnen" thereof from the custom house officers, it is hereby enacted, That filing lines, every ship of the burden of two hundred tonnes, designed for this C must be fishery, shall and is hereby obliged to have on board forty fishing on board. lines of one hundred and twenty fathom each, forty harpoon irons, four boats, with seven men at the lead (including an har pooner, a steersman, and a line manager) to each boat, making in the whole twenty-eight men, besides the matter and surgeon, with six months provisions at the least for such number of men; and every ship of larger burden, an increase of six men, one boat, ten such lines, and ten harpoon irons more, for every fifty tonnes above the said two hundred tonnes, together with provisions in proportion; and every ship which shall be so employed in the said fishery, shall haro on board apprentices indentured for the space of three years at the least, who shall not exceed the age of eighteen years, nor be under fourteen years of age at the time they shall be so indentured, in the proportion of one apprentice at the least for every thirty-five tonnes burden, and one fresh or green man for every fifty tonnes burden, which apprentices and fresh^or green men shall be accounted in the number of men required to be on board such ship as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The officer of That on the return of such ship to the port of Great Britain, o on^eturaof one or wore of the owners and the matter thereof had de

the ship to dared on oath their intention to return, the proper officers of Great Britain, the customs, at such port, shall immediately repair on board and shall make a view the condition of such ship and her lacting, and certify the condition* same, together with their observations thereon, as also the real See.*tonnage of the said ship; and the said officers are also to take an account or schedule of the names of the matter, mate, and other persons on board, distinguishing therein the harpooners and persons more immediately employed in the said fishery, and to cer and oath shall tify the same; and the matter and mate shall make oath before nothavfnffde principal officers of the customs, or any two of them, where viated from*f the collector shall be one as aforesaid (who are hereby impow*. the conditions ered and required to administer the same), that they did, in on which the pursuance of the licence granted as aforesaid (mentioning the eranted1*6 Wa^of their departure), proceed in a voyage directly to the pla 69ces aforesaid, and have not since been on any other voyage, or

pursued any other design or view of profit; and that they did there (mentioning the time of their stay in those seas) use the utmost endeavour of themselves and their ship's company to take whales and other creatures living in those seas, and that all the whale fins, oil, and blubber, imported (if any) in such ship, were really and bona fide caught and taken in the said seas, by the crew of such ship or vessel only, or with the assistance of the crew of some other british bm\$ ship or vessel licensed for that voyage, Purffiant to the directions of this act, which oath shall ments ffianbe endorsed on or annexed to the licence aforesaid; and the transmitted to feid schedule, certificate, licence, apd oath, shall be transmitted the commis by the collector and comptroller of such port to the respective sioners, who of

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 417 '50 j

of for that part of Great Britain where such ships or shall order a vessels shall arrive; and such of, being fully satisfied bounty of of the faithful dealings of the matter and other persons employed 30 8* person in such ships or vessels, with respect to such voyage and fishery,

shall, on demand, cause payment to be made to the matter or owners, or to his or their assigns, by the receiver-general of the customs for that part of Great Britain where such ships or vessels shall arrive, a bounty or premium of thirty Shillings per tonne, according to the admeasurement of every such ship or vessel duly certified as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons shall be a 1- No son

lowed or entitled to receive the bounty herein before granted, fllan be inti

for any ship which shall proceed upon the said whale fishery, tied to the

from any part of Great Britain, or the islands of Guernsey, Jer bounty, unless

fey, or Man, after the said twenty-fifth day of December, one fais t

thousand seven hundred and eighty six, unless such ship shall fail of survey be

from the port where (he shall be surveyed and cleared, directly fore April 10,

on her intended fittiery, on or before the tenth day of Aprils in yearly,

each and every year, and shall continue with her crew in the g^nnt|j"ue8

Greenland feasor davis's Streights, or the adjacent seas, diligently Aug. 10, fol

endeavouring to catch whales, or other creatures living in those lowing, unless

seas, and shall not depart from thence before the tenth day of laden with the

August then following, unless such ship, if (he be of the burden onc

of three hundred tonnes, shall be laden with thirty ions of oil, or herein speci

blubber in proportion thereto, the blubber to be rated with re fied;

spect to the oil as three to two, and one tonne and a half of whale

sins or if (he be of greater or less burden, with a quantity of

oil or blubber, and whale fins, in like proportion to the tonnage

for which every such ship shall be entitled to the bounty, being

the produce of one or more whale or whales caught by the crew

thereof, or with the assistance of the crew of some other licensed

ship, before that time, or shall be forced by some unavoidable unavoidable

accident or necessity to depart sooner from those seas; which ac accident to

pident or necessity shall be verified on the oaths of the matter depart sooner,

and mate belonging to such ship, upon her return from the said whith shall be

fiffiery, before the principal officers of the customs, or any two oath and"

of them, (whereof the collector shall be one), at the port where transmitted

(be shall arrive, who shall transmit the same, together with the with the other

schedule, licence, and other documents by this at required, to documents to

the respective of of the customs for that part of Great he cmr?' IV t, .* r, /! fi n r lioners or the

Britain where such ship shall arrive. customs,

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case it shall happen, during the continuance of this act, if a flfip that any ship or vessel shall not fail from the port where (he shall ready for be surveyed and cleared, directly on her intended fittiery, on or (ailing by. before the said tenth day of April in any year, provided it shall unavoidable y be made appear to the satisfaction of the commissioners of his necessity pre majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, that such vented from ship or vessel was properly qualified and duly fitted out, accord sailing till (pg to the directions of this act, and surveyed, cleared, and ready

for

504 anhovkesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 41. [1786.

for sailing, before the said tenth day of Aprils but w^s prevented from sailing by same unavoidable impediment or necessity, but shall actually have failed on or before the twenty-fifth day of April in every such year, it shall and may be lawful for the said of, or any four or more of them in England, or any the bounty three or more of them in Scotland, to pay the'bounty for such may be paid, ftip or ve(fej> in C manner as if such ship or vessel had actually sailed on or before the said tenth day of April.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Bounties to je That it shall and may be lawful to and for the of of anydmonies custms m England and Scotland respectively, to order the in the hands respective receivers general of the customs, in case the moneys re of the remaining in their hands arising from the old subsidy, shall not be

ceiver ge sufficient, at any time or times during the continuance of this

neral. aft, to fatjsfy the said bounty of thirty Shillings per tonne, payable

on all ships employed in the said fishery, according to the directions of this present act, to pay the same out of any moneys that shall be in their hands, arising from any of the duties and revenues under their management respectively.

VII. And whereas it hath been found by experience, that Ships of one hundred and fifty tonnes burden are fit for the said fish- eryi be it therefore enacted and declared by the authority

Ships of 150 aforesaid, That every owner or owners of any ship or ships of tonnes burden one hundred and fifty tonnes burden, which shall be employed in bounty. * 6 tie finery, who have conformed themselves, in proportion to their tonnage, to the rules and directions herein before preferred to the owners of ships of greater burden, shall be inti tied to the said bounty, according to the admeasurement of such ship or ships respectively, provided such admeasurement be not less than one hundred and fifty tonnes.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority

No ship shall aforesaid, That no ship or vessel at this time employed in the a larger boun^ ai finery, although (he be above the burden of four hundred ty than for tonnes, shall be entitled to a larger bounty than a ship of four hun-400 tonne, dred tonnes would be entitled to, and that (he shall continue to and only for enjoy the same for the space of five years, and no longer, from frcfrn Dec. 35, he said twenty-fifth day of December, one thousand seven hun-1786; '5> dred and eighty six, in case such ship or vessel shall not be worn

and if not out, or have ceased before that time to carry on the said fishery; cmpfished 'n an hat no or ve^ which shall not, before the twenty-fifth beforethat ay December one thousand seven hundred and eighty LIX day, not have been employed in the said fishery, although such ship or larger than for vessel shall be above the burden of three hundred tonnes, shall 300 tonnes. be entitled to a larger bounty than a ship or vessel of three hundred tonnes would be entitled to.

Ships of more

IX. Provided also, That nothing in this present act contained tonnes oraoo hall exten(*> or he construed to extend, to oblige the owner or tons', need owners of any ship or vessel above the burden of four hundred npt be fitted tonnes, or three hundred tonnes respectively before mentioned, to sit oat hut as of out, equip, and man any such ship, otherwise than as a ship or those burr vefly of the burden of four hundred tonnes, or three hundred

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. r ^05

tonnes respectively, according to the directions of this act, in order thens, to en? to entitle him or them to the bounty herein before granted. title them to

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ^nty*

no bounty granted by this act shall be paid or allowed to any shall be allow person or persons whatever, on account of any ship or vessel em ed to any ployed in the said fishery, unless a log book shall have been coil ship where a stantly kept on board such ship or vessel, in which log book the jjs various situations and occurrences, respecting such ship or vessel, periy fcept? during the whole course of the voyage, shall be inserted every 9

day, and particularly the times when such ship or vessel shall have been in sight of land, distinguishing what land, and the bearings thereof, and the supposed distances therefrom, and the soundings; and also the time when, and the latitude in which, any whale, or other creature living in the sea, shall have been kilied, taken, or caught by the crew of such ship or vessel; which log book, so to be kept as aforesaid, shall be delivered by the which shall be matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command delivered to of such ship or vessel, at the time of his making a report of such of^e cuf ship or vessel, to the collector of the customs at the port in Great toms, before Britain where such ship or vessel shall arrive on her return from whom the the said fishery, for his inspection and examination; and the said ^ntents. matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, together with the mate thereof, shall jointly and severally verify on oath the contents of such log book before such collector, who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any such ship or vessel shall, in the course of her if a ship of voyage, meet or fall in with any of his majesty's ships or vessels war is met of war, the matter, or other person having or taking the charge at sea or command of her, shall, and is hereby required to produce to produced to the captain, or other officer commanding such ship or vessel of the captain, war, the said logbook so to be kept as aforesaid, and such captain who must or commanding officer shall, and is hereby required to make a make there*n memorandum in such log book, of the day on which it was so d the produced to him, and shall subscribe his name to such memoran production, dum, and shall also make an entry in the log book of the said chip

or vessel of war, of the name and description of the ship or vessel on board of which the log book of such ship or vessel so and must produced to and signed by him was kept; and in case such ship like wise be or vessel, on board of which a log book is so required to be kept {

as aforesaid, shall put into any foreign port, where there is or consul at any

shall be a British consul, or other chief british officer, the matter, foreign port, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall, and is hereby required to produce such log book to such British consul, or other chief British officer, who shall and is hereby required also to make a memorandum therein, of the day on which it was so produced to him, and shall in like manner subscribe the same.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every ship or vessel, owned by his majesty's subjects reships fitted

e fidinfr out from Ire"

C licnn2 land, agree

So

able to the Regulations of this act, shall be intitled to the bounty.

The owners may irifure

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 4l. [ 1 Jr

siding in Ireland, and fitted out from any port in that kingdom which shall have complied with the conditions of this act, to be verified by certificates, in such manner, and under the like rules, regulations, and restrictions as are required, by any law in force before the passing of this act, to entitle ships or vessels, fitted out frdm Irelandr, to the bounties then existing for the encouragement of the Greenland and whale fishery, shall, from and after the twenty-fifth day of December, one thohfand seven hundred and eighty six, be entitled to such and the same bounties as the like ships or vessels fitted out from Great Britain, or the islands aforesaid, shall be entitled to by virtue of this act.

XIII. And whereas applications have heretofore been made to parliament for the bounty on ships or vessels e?nployed in the said fijloery that have happened to be loji at sea before their return to Great Britain, and a doubt hath arisen, whether the said bounty may be lawfully insured by the owner or owners of such Ships \ obviating such doubt, and for preventing any future applications to parliament for the bounty on any such ships, be it declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the owner or owners of any ship employed, or defigft

case^fthe^ec*to emp'yec* the kid fishery, to insure the bounty which loss of the such owner or owners would be entitled to upon the return of ship. such ship to the port to which the matter, and one or more of the owners of such ship or vessel, shall have declared, on oath, their intention to return; and on the performance of all other matters directed and appointed by this present act to be performed for obtaining the said bounty.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall artd may be lawful for any person qr^persons^ for and during the *yime limited by Mipar tririto Great Britain whafe fins^pl, Or blubber 0?" whales, seal oil, or seal skins, or any otliararoduce of seals, or other fish or creatures taken or caught wthe said Greenland feasor Davis's Straights, or in the seas adjacent, by British subjects, usually residing in Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands aforesaid, in british built ships or vessels, owned and navigated as before required, in regard to the bounties granted by this act, without paying any custom, subsidy, or other duty, for the same; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to give liberty of im

made that the porting any of the before mentioned articles duty free, unless caugh^by the master and mate f the ship or vessel importing the same crews of such shall first make oath before the principal officers of the customs, ships. or any two of them, (of which the collector shall be one), in

the port or ports of importation, (who are hereby respectively authorised and required to administer such oath), that all the whale fins, oil, or blubber of whales, seal oil, seal skins, or other produce of seals, or other fish or creatures imported in such ship or vessel, are really and bona fide the sins, oil, or blubber of whales, or the skins* ofl, or other produce of seals, or other ii(h

or

Whale fins, see. may be imported in British ships duty free;

but not unless oath is

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 4 U

or creatures caught and taken in the said Greenland feasor Davis's Streights, or in the seas adjacent, by the crews of such ships or vessels only, owned, fitted out, and navigated as aforesaid.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall give or grant any false certificate for any of the purposes required or directed by this act, such person or persons shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds; and if any person or persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter, or falsify any certificate required or directed by this actor shall knowingly or willingly make use of any false certificate, or of any certificate so counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified, such person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, and every such certificate shall be invalid and of no effedh r

XVII. And whereas the Greenland fishery trade cannot he carried on without a certain number of men particularly qualified to carry on the said fishery; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no harpooner, line manager, or boat fteerer, who shall be in, or belong to, any ship or vessel in the Greenland fishery trade, and whose name (distinguishing the capacity in which the person so named is to at shall be inserted in a list, which is hereby required to be delivered, on oath, by the owner of such ship or vessel to the collector of the customs at the port from which such ship or vessel is intended to proceed upon the said fishery, (which oath such collector is hereby empowered and required to administer), shall be impressed from the said service; and that any such harpooner, line manager, or boat fteerer, may, during the time of the year that he or they are not employed in the said fishery, fail in the colliery trade, upon giving security, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the customs, that he or they will proceed in the said ship or vessel to the Greenland feasor davis's straights, on the whale fiftiefry, the next season; and that every seaman or common mariner who, after the first day of February, in any year during the continuance of this act, shall be entered to serve on board any ship which shall be intended to proceed on the said fishery in the following season, whose name shall be inserted in a list to be delivered as aforesaid, and who shall have given security to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the customs to proceed, and shall proceed accordingly, shall be privileged and exempt from being impressed from or out of the said service from the said first day of February, till after the expiration of the then next season for the said fishery, and until the voyage home from thence shall be fully complete and ended, and no longer; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary not with (landing.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Greenland seas, and Davis's Streights, and seas adjacent, within the intent and meaning of this act, shall be deemed and taken to extend to the latitude of fifty < nine degrees thirty minutes north, and no farther,

57

Persons granting or using false certificates forfeit 5001.

No harpooner, C shall be impressed;

but may, when unemployed therein, fail in the colliery trade, on giving security to return the next season.

Common seamen protetted till the end of the season after entry.

Extent of the fishery.

o

commissioners of the customs to lay before parliament, annually, the a mount of the number of ftips, etc. employed.

How penalties are to be appropriated.

[General issue.]

[Treble costs.]

[Preamble.]

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 42. [ 17 86.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners of his Majesty's customs for England and Scotland respectively shall, at the beginning of every session of parliament, lay before both houfbs of parliament an account in writing under their hands, of what number of ships or vessels have been employed in the whale fishery to Davids Straight and the Greenland seas, with their respective names and burdens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what port in Great Britain they were discharged; and also what quantity of oil or blubber, or whale fins, each ship or vessel shall have imported.

XX. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afofe said, That one moiety of the penalties and forfeitures inflicted by this act shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such officer or officers of the customs as shall sue or prqfecute for the same in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland, respectively, where the offence shall be committed.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for anything done in pursuance of this act, the defendant or defendants in such action or suit, may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of, and by authority of this act: and if it shall appear so to have been done, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discon*tinue his action after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as defendants have in other cases by law

CAP. XLII.

An aid for granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon battens and deals imported into Great Britain.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, having taken into our most serious consideration your majesty's most gracious speech to both houses of parliament, recommending the establishment of a fixed plan for the reduction of the national debt; and your faithful commons being desirous of obtaining that desirable object by the most easy and effectual means, have, towards that purpose, resolved to give and grant to your majesty the several duties and impositions herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 42; 09

and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the twelfth New duties day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, there onbattensand shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the use of s impor his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon the goods herein after mentioned, over and above all customs, subsidies, and duties already imposed and payable thereon, the several and respective additional duties following; that is to say, For every one hundred and twenty battens, imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, the sum of five Shillings; and after that rate for any greater or less number of battens: and for every one hundred and twenty deals, imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, the sum of twenty Shillings; and after that rate for any greater or less number of deals.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That which shall the several duties herein before granted shall be under the ma management nagement and direction of the commissioners of his majesty's cuf of thecom toms in England and Scotland respectively, and shall be paid down mhtioners o in ready money, without any discount or abatement whatever, custom and shall be drawn back, upon the due exportation of such

goods respectively to foreign parts; and the said duties shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid, and the drawbacks allowed in the same manner and form, and under the like restrictions, penalties and forfeitures, and by such rules, ways and methods, as the former duties and drawbacks for such goods are

respectively raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid and allowed, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, penalties and forfeitures, in any act or act of parliament now in force relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in the body of this present at.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Application of all the moneys to arise by the duties and impositions granted by the duties, this act (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer at Westminster, distinct and a part from all branches of the public revenue, and shall be carried to, and made part of, the fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, and shall be applicable to the same uses and purposes as the said sinking fund is now applicable unto.

IV. And whereas jlanding contra ft may have been made before the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, by the importers or proprietors cf battens and deals for serving persons with such battens and deals, or either of those articles respectively, to be delivered in point of time after the said twelfth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twelfth Cfauferelative day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, the importers or proprietors of such battens and deals, or either of may^fonde those articles respectively, which shall be delivered after the said livering bat twelfth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, tens, etc after

Vol. XXXV Mm in June 1*17 M.

[Proviso.]

Preamble

3a Gea. a. a.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 43, 44* [ 17 8

in pursuance of such contrasts, shall be allowed to add the duties hereby charged upon such battens and deals, or either of those articles respectively, and shall be entitled by virtue of this act to be paid the same accordingly.

V Provided nevertheless, That the parties who have contracted to receive the said goods shall have the liberty to annul and, cancel the bargains they have entered into, in case they choose so to do, rather than pay tile said addition of duties.

CAP. XLIII.

An act to continue and render mote effectual an act passed in the twenty first year of his majesty's reign, for the encouragement of the growth of hemp and flax, in that part of Great Britain called England.

Recital of act 7 Geo. 3. c. 58. and act 10 Geo. 3. c. 40. and act at Geo. 3. c. 58. and aft zi Geo. 3. c. 8a. so much of recited acts 11 and ai Geo. 3. repealed, as relates to putting the management or distribution of 8000l. or eight fifteenth parts of money, for the encouragement of raising and dressing hemp and flax, under of of trade and plantations, or committee of privy council, repealed. Grants for the encouragement of growth, etc. of hemp and flax put under management of the treasury. Bounties continued for 7 years. Claims for bounties to be exhibited toajustice, to belaid before the quarter session. Claimants must give bond that the bounties have been duly claimed. At every quarter sessions the bounties granted must be published, and the conditions required, on making such claims. And at Midsummer sessions, annually, the names, etc. of claimants published. Treasury are to order receivers of the land tax to issue money to the Tuflices to pay the bounties. Account of hemp sold to be delivered therewith, and receipt given to the seller by the buyer. All unsettled claims shall be finally settled at the first quarter sessions after passing this act. Annual account of hemp raised, and bounties paid, shall be laid before parliament. A reasonable allowance shall be made to the clerks of the peace for their trouble. Recited acts of 7. 10. and zt Geo. 3. continued. Continuance of this act, for 7 years, from March 15, 1787, and to the end of the next session.

---

CAP. XLIV.

An act for the further relief of debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their persons; and to oblige debtors, who shall continue in execution in prison beyond a certain time, and for sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the act, to make discovery of, and deliver upon oath, their estates for their creditors benefit.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it may be reasonable to extend the benefits of an act passed in the thirty second year of the reign of his late majesty

[32 Geo. 2. c. 28.]

King George the Second, of glorious memory, intituled An act for relief of debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their persons; and to oblige debtors, who shall continue in execution in prison beyond a certain time, and for sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the act, to make discovery of, and deliver upon oath, their estates for their creditors benefit, to several persons who have neglected to take the benefit of the same, and also to several persons who were not entitled to any benefit under the said act: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the

[The relief granted to debtors not exceeding 100l. by 32 Geo. 2. c. 28 extended to all not exceeding 200l.]

authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, every person now or hereafter in execution for any sum or sums of money, not exceeding two hundred pounds, shall be entitled to such relief as by an act passed in the thirty second year of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for relief of debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their persons; and to oblige debtors, who shall continue in execution in prison beyond a certain time, and for sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the act, to make discovery of, and deliver upon oath, their estates for their creditors benefit, is granted to persons charged in execution for any sum or sums of money not exceeding one hundred pounds.

[Creditors for less than 200l. may compel debtor to deliver up effects, etc.]

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every creditor or creditors, his, her, or their executors or Creditors for administrators, at whose suit any debtor shall be charged in execution for any sum or sums not exceeding the sum of two hundred pounds, shall have such remedy, by compelling such debtor to deliver up his or her estate and effects for the benefit of his or her creditors, as is provided by the before recited act, in cases where the sum for which such debtor shall be in execution does not exceed the sum of one hundred pounds.

III. And whereas many persons are often committed on attachments, for not paying money awarded to be paid under submissions to arbitration by rules of court, or under submissions to arbitration bonds, and which submissions have been made rules of the court, in pursuance of sn act passed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of William the Third,

[9 & 10 Gul. 3. c. 15.]

for determining differences by arbitration, and likewise for not paying of costs duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper officer, after proper demands made for that purpose; and also upon any writ of excommunicato capiendo, or other process for, or grounded on the nonpayment of costs or expenses in any cause or proceeding in any ecclesiastical court; it is hereby declared and enacted, That all such persons are and shall be entitled to the benefit of this act, and subject to the same terms and conditions as are herein expressed and declared with respect to prisoners for debt only.

[Gaolers to give notice of this act to all debtors in their custody, etc.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That all gaolers and keepers of prisons are hereby directed and required to give notice of this act to all persons in their custody for debt, within three days after such persons shall have been respectively committed or charged in execution, so as to make the same clearly and perfectly understood; and if any gaoler or keeper of a prison shall neglect to give such notice according to the true intent and

[on penalty of 50l.]

meaning of this act, he shall forfeit and pay, to any person who shall sue for the same, the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered by him or her by action of debt in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, privilege, or imparlance, shall be admitted or allowed; and in every such action the proof shall lie on the person against whom the same shall be brought: provided nevertheless, that such action shall be brought within six calendar months after the cause of action accrued.

[Time allowed debtors for taking the benefit of the recited act extended.]

V. And be it further enacted, That where any debtor as aforesaid shall have neglected to take the benefit of the said act, within the time limited by the said act, and shall have remained in prison by the space of one year, and shall make it appear to the court out of which such execution issued, that such neglect arose from ignorance or mistake, such debtor shall then be entitled to take the benefit of the said act, as if he or she had taken the same within the time by the said act so limited as aforesaid.

[Creditors may file interrogatories, etc.]

VI. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for any creditor or creditors, at whose suit any debtor shall be so in execution as aforesaid, to file interrogatories for the examination of such prisoner, before his or her being admitted to take the benefit of this or the before recited act.

[Not to extend to debts due to the crown, etc.;]

VII. Provided always, That this act shall not extend to any debt or debts that may be owing to the crown, nor shall it affect any proceeding which at any time may be lawfully had under or by virtue of any commission of bankrupt.

[nor to Scotland.]

VIII. Provided also, That this act or anything herein contained, shall not extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[Continuance of this act.]

IX. Provided also, That this act shall continue and be in force for five years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XLV.

An act to continue and amend an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the encouragement of the pilchard fishery, by allowing a farther bounty upon pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made in the twenty

[25 Geo. 3. c. 58.]

---

fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the encouragement of the pilchard fishery, by allowing a farther bounty upon pilchards, taken, cured, and exported; it is enacted,

That for every cask or vessel of pilchards, containing fifty galions, and foin proportion for a greater or lesser quantity thereof which should he exported from any port or place in Great Britain into parts beyond, the seas, between the twenty-fifth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and the twenty fifth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, upon which the person or persons exporting the same Should be inti tied to a certain bounty of seven Jh tilings, by virtue of or under the two several acts therein mentioned, the one made in the fifth year of the reign of the late King George at 5 Geo. i. the Ftrjl, intituled An act for recovering the credit of the British CI x8. fishery in foreign parts; and better securing the duties upon

salt; and the other, made in the third year of his late majesty King Act 3 Geo. a. George the Second, intituled An act for taking off certain duties C ao.*on salt, and for making good any deficiencies in the funds that may happen thereby; and for charging the reduced annuity,

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 45.

payable to the East India company, on the aggregate fund; and for relief of Matthew Lion, executor of Matthew Page deceased, in respect of the duty for salt lost by the overflowing of the river Mersey in the year one thousand seven hundred and twenty four; an additional bounty of two Billings Should be paid and payable to such person and persons, so entitled to the said bounty of seven Billings, at such times, in such mariner, by such person and persons, and out of such moneys, as the J aid bounty of seven Billings was by the said two several as or either of them, directed to be paid: and whereas the said fishery is of great importance to the nation, by promoting useful industry, providing for great numbers of poor people, and serving as a nursery for able seamen; and inasmuch as the same cannot he carried on without a continuance of the J aid additional bounty of two Billings: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said recited act of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and every power, provision, clause, matter, and thing therein contained (except as herein after is mentioned), shall, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, be, and the same are hereby continued for and during the term of five years, and shall, during such term, be in full force, and be put in execution, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were repeated and reenacted in the body of this present act.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the quantity of pilchards, which shall be exported from any port or place, ports or places, in Great Britain, to parts beyond the ieas, upon which the said bounty of seven Shillings shall become payable, do or shall, in any one year of the said term of five years, herein before granted or limited for the continuance of the said recited act of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, exceed the quantity of twenty thousand hogsheads, the said additional bounty of two Shillings shall not be payable or paid for or in respect of any pilchards so exported as aforesaid, beyond or exceeding the said quantity of twenty thousand hogsheads; anything in the said recited act of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, or in this present act, or in any other act or acts, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if a greater quantity than twenty thousand hogsheads of pilchards shall be taken, cured, and exported, in each or any one year of the said term of five years, then, in each and every such year, the said additional bounty of two Shillings upon the quantity of twenty thousand hogsheads shall become payable, and shall be paid to each and every person and persons respectively entitled to the said additional bounty, in proportion to the whole quantity of pilchards so taken, pured, and exported.

M m 3 IV And

5* 3

act 25 Geo. 3. continued for five years from June 34* 1786.

Additional bounty of as. for every 50 gallons of pilchards exported, not to be paid for a larger quantity than 20, 000 hogsheads in one year.

But the said bounty on 20, 000 hogsheads, where a larger quantity has been exported, shall be divided proportionally among the vefieb.

54

Expences of this act to be born by the persons entitled to the bounty

Public act

Preamble

Fund in the hands of the lords of session to be paid to the receiver-general in Scotland on April 5, 1787, to be remitted to the exchequer in England.

Out of the revenues appointed by acts 7 and io Annae, for supporting the court of fef fsons, etc.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 46. [1786.

IV it further enacted, That the costs and charges

incident to, and attending the obtaining and jpafling of this act, shall be born, paid, and defrayed by the several persons to whom the said additional bounty of two shillings shall be payable and paid, rateably and in proportion according to the sum or sums of money so by them respectively received, but not exceeding two Shillings on each cask or vessel of pilchards containing fifty galions; any law, Statute, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it farther enacted, That this act shall be deemed a public act; and shall be taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and all other persons whatsoever, without special pleading the same.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for augmenting and fixing the salaries of the lords of session, lords of of justiciary, and barons of exchequer, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS the fiated salaries of the lords of session, lords of of justiciary, and barons of exchequer, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, are inadequate to the dignity and importance of their offices: and whereas certain additional allowances have been made to some of the judges of these courts by warrants under his Majesty's privy seal in Scotland, which allow antes ought to be permanent; and whereas the lords of session are pjfejfed of a fund called The Stock of the Court, by grants before the union of the kingdoms of England and Scotland, amounting to twenty-two thousand seven hundred pounds sterling, of capital money, the yearly interest of which they have been in uje to divide among them, but which sum ought now to be refiored to the public: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said sum of twenty-two thousand seven hundred pounds together with the sum of one thousand one hundred and thirty-five pounds sterling, being one year's interest on the said capital, shall, on the fifth day of April, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, be paid in to the receiver-general of his majesty's land rents in Scotland, in order to be by him remitted to the exchequer in England, for the use of the public, and the said receiver-general for the time being is hereby authorised and required to take all legal steps, if necessary, for recovering the same.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That'in time coming the re shall be issued, paid, and applied, in every year, out of the moneys that shall arise from any the duties and revenues in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, which by acts made in the seventh and tenth years of the reign of Queen Anne, were charged or made chargeable with the payment of

the

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 47.'5^5

the fees, salaries, and other charges, allowed or to be allowed there shall be by her Majesty, her heirs and successors, for keeping up the courts of session, judiciary, and exchequer, in Scotland, the several juries herein*salaries following, to the judges after mentioned; (that is to say), specified. The sum of two thousand pounds sterling to the lord president of the court of session for the time being; the sum of one thousand pounds sterling to each of the other lords of session for the time being; the sum of two thousand pounds sterling to the lord chief baron of the court of exchequer in Scotland for the time being; the sum of one thousand pounds sterling to each of the other barons of the said court of exchequer for the time being; the sum of six hundred pounds sterling to the lord justice clerk for the time being; and the sum of three hundred pounds sterling to each of the other lords of of judiciary for the time being.

III. And be it enacted, That the first quarter's payment of The first pay' the said respective sums shall be made on the fifth day of July, n^ntto be^ou

in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and Juy*17 thereafter the same shall continue to be paid quarterly in every year, in such manner as the fees, salaries, and other charges of keeping up the said courts in Scotland, have accustomarily been paid since the union of the two kingdoms; and the sums hereby granted shall be in place of the different salaries and allowances, which the judges of the said courts do at present, or have been in use to enjoy, whether by dated salary, additions by privy seal, or interest of the aforesaid money, excepting always any additional yearly sum, which is or may be granted by his Majesty, by warrant under the privy seal in Scotland, to one of the puisne barons of the said court of exchequer, when appointed to that office from the bar of England; and excepting also the sums iflfued in every year for defraying the expenses of the judiciary judges at their circuits.

[Public act.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall and may be deemed and taken to be a public

a.

CAP. XLVII.

An aid for discharging the payment of sentence money, and other fees of court, to the judge of the court of admiralty in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and the payment of sentence money to the judges of the commissary court in Edinburgh; for granting salaries to the judges of the said courts in lieu thereof; and for regulating the nomination of the said judges.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the judge of the court of admiraltywhich was stipulated by the articles of union to be continued in that part Great Britain called Scotland, has never had any ft ate d salary or allowance from the public, but has been in the use of receiving fen fence money, and other casual fees, upon proceedings in the said courts which practice ought to be abolished: and whereas the judges of the commissary court in Edinburgh have likewise been in the use of rem

m 4 ceiving

From July 5, 1786, the judge of the admiralty in Scotland shall receive 400l. annually, in lieu of all per quilites:

and the judges of the commissary court iool. annually each 4n lieu of sentence money

But other usual perqul files may be received.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 47. [1786.

tewingfentence money, and are other wise insufficiently provided: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, it shall not be lawful for the present judge of the said court of admiralty, or his successors in that office, directly or indirectly, to ask or take from any suitor sor suitors in the said court, or any other person or persons, any fee or perquisite, for acting or doing business as a judge of the said court of admiralty, in name of sentence money, poundage, droits of admiralty, or upon any pretence whatever; and in lieu of all fees and perquisites heretofore in use to be paid to or exacted by or for the judge of the said court, the present judge, and his successors in office, shall be entitled to and receive a yearly salary, amounting to the sum' of four hundred pounds sterling, payable in the same form, and upon the same establishment, as the salaries of the judges of the courts of session, judiciary, and exchequer are paid in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; the first quarter's payment of the said salary to be made on the fifth day of July, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth day of July, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty fix it shall not be lawful for the judges of the commissary court in Edinburgh, or their successors in office,

direcftly or indirectly, to ask or take, from any suitor or suitors: the said court, or from any other person or persons, any fee or perquisite for acting or doing business as judges of the said commissary court, in name of sentence money, upon the decrees pronounced by them; and in lieu of such sentence money heretofore in ule, as well as for the better provision of the said commissaries, they and their successors in office shall be entitled to and receive the sum of one hundred pounds sterling per annum each of fahry, payable in the same form, and upon the same establishment, as the salaries of the judges of the courts of session, judiciary, and exchequer, are paid in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; the first quarter's payment of the said salary to be made on the fifth day of July, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the allowances to the said commiflta ries out of the bishops rents shall continue as before; and that nothing herein contained shall be construed either to enlarge or diminish their customary dues on the confirmation of testaments, or other articles, except that of sentence money, as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained shall be construed either to enlarge or diminish the customary and lawful dues or perquisites of the clerks and

fifcals

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 48.. 517

fifcals of any of the said courts, but that the said clerks and fif cals shall still continue to receive what they are by law or custom entitled to in name of sentence money, or other wise: and for the better ascertaining the extent thereof, in those cases where the judges and the clerks and fifcals have heretofore been in use to receive joint fees or perquisites, and where the judges are not in future to receive them, the said judge and judges of the two courts aforesaid respectively are hereby empowered and required, on or before the first day of November, in the year one Regulations thousand seven hundred and eighty six, to establish regulations g^for^pay for the payment of the clerks and fifcals dues in their several ment the courts, according to the just amount of the proportions or sums clerks and fif which the said clerks and fifcals have been in use to receivd in ca their ac time past in the cases aforesaid, and which regulations shall be^uftomeci entered in their books of sederunt; and it shall be lawful and"aue8' competent to any party concerned to complain to the court of session against such determination, at any time within six months thereafter; whose judgement given upon the same, or that of the said judges not complained of, shall continue to be the rule for levying the said dues in time coming.

V. And be it enacted, That in time coming, no person shall Nopersonto be appointed to the office of judge of the said court of admi be appointed ralty, or to the office of any of the said commissaries, unless he miffalrywho* has, during three years immediately preceding his appointment, has not prac attended the court of session regularly and bona fide as a pracfti tifed. in the tioner in the time of session; and if any appointment shall hap pen to be made contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, ye^rs, ^the same shall be null and void.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on fiamped vellum, parchment, and paper, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to replace to the revenue the sums granted out of the same, in this session of parliament towards the augmentation of the salaries of ike judges of the courts of session, justiciary, exchequer, and admiralty court in Scotland, and commissary court ofedin burgh.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Preamble commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, being desirous to replace to your majesty's revenue, arising in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by the most easy means, the sums granted out of the same in this present session of parliament, towards the augmentation of the salaries of the judges of the courts of session, judiciary, exchequer, and admiralty court in Scotland, and commissary court of Edinburgh, do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal,

and

From July 5, 1786, the following stamp duties shall be paid on vellum, C

For every ikin of depositions before the court of session, or affidavit in the exchequer, !#.

For every extract from any public register, is. per lkin.

Not to extend to matters where the public interest is concerned, nor to civil causes under the value of 5l. C

Duties to be under the management of the commissioners for fiamps.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 48. [1786.

and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of fuly, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout that part of Great Britain called Scotland, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his hefts and successors, the several and respective rates and duties following \ that is to say.

That for and upon every (kin, or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which shall be engrossed*or written, any deposition or depositions of a witness or witnessfes taken in any cause or suit before the court of session, or commissioil of teinds, or court of admiralty in Scotland, or commissary court of Edinburgh, or in any civil cause before any inferior court in Scotland, or whereupon any affidavit, or written deposition produced in the court of exchequer in Scotland, shall be engrossed, printed, or written, there shall be charged a lamp duty of one shilling (lerling:

That for and upon every (kin, or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, upon which shall be engrossed, written, or printed, any extra or attested copy of or from any deed, instrument, or writing, (except protests upon bills or promissory notes under forty Shillings (lerling,) given out from any public register, or from the books or record of any court in Scotland, there shall be charged a lamp duty of one shilling (lerling.

II. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That nothing in this a contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the said rates and duties any deposition or depositions taken in any cause or suit, before any of the said courts in Scotland which is infilled in at the instance of the public prosecutor, for the public interest, or where the public revenue is concerned > or any deposition or depositions taken in any civil cause, before any inferior court aforesaid, where the sum or subject concluded for is under the value of five pounds (lerling, exclusive of cods 5 or any such deposition or depositions, taken in any of the courts aforesaid, by or at the instance of any person or persons on the poor's roll of such court, and who is, are, or shall be admitted to sue or defend in forma pauperise or any extracts of the decrees of courts, other than such formal decrees of registration as are usually annexed to the extracts of writings.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, for the better and more effectual levying and collecting the said duties herein before granted, the same shall be under the government, care, and management of the commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the duties charged on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, who, of the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to epiploy such officers under them for that purpose,

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 48. 519

and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as may be necessary, and to provide and use such (lamps to denote the said several duties as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this at in execution, with relation to the said rates and duties herein before granted, in the like and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are or is authorised to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, and paper

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all vellum, parchment, and paper, liable to the duties by Vellum, etc, this act imposed, shall, before the same shall be engrossed, print ^fore^whttea ed, or written upon, be brought to the head office for stamping ^orewn or marking vellum, parchment, or paper 5 and the said of, by themselves or by their officers employed under them, shall forthwith, upon demand to them made by any person or persons, from time to time, (lamp or mark, as by this at is directed, any quantities, or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper, as shall be brought to them for that purpose, the person so bringing the same paying to the receiver-general of the stamp duties for the time being, or his deputy or clerk, the several duties payable for the same by virtue of this act; and in default of sufficient quantities of vellum, parchment, and paper being brought to the head office to be stamped as aforesaid, the commission said of are hereby required to take especial care that the several parts of that part of Great Britain called Scotland jum^&c^tobe shall, from time to time, be sufficiently furnished with vellum, ready for such parchment, and paper, stamped and marked as aforesaid, so as as may call the subjects of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, may have or it it in their election to buy the same of the officers or persons to be employed by the said of, at the usual or most common rates above the said duty, or to bring their own vellum, parchment, or paper, to be stamped at the head office of (lamps as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the same allowance shall be made on present payment of Usual allour the several duties granted by this at, in such manner as by any anc f to be former law relating to lxamped vellum, parchment, or paper, is V

directed and allowed. e, t

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall engross, print, or write, or Persons using cause to be engrossed, printed, or written, upon any vellum, unstamped parchment, or paper, any of the matters or things for which the jeamujj*of toct said vellum, parchment, or paper, ought to have a mark or jow a value, (lamp as aforesaid, before such time as the said vellum, parch forfeit iol. mentor paper, shall be marked or stamped as aforesaid, or shall engross, print, or write, or cause to be engrossed, printed, or written, any such matter or thing, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, that shall be marked or stamped, for any lower duty than the duty by this al payable for what shall be so engrossed, printed, or written, every such person so offending shall, for

q every

20

and, if in a public office, forfeit their employment.

attorniesj&c. committing such fraud to be disabled from practising.

Penalty of aol. on every deposition, etc. so illegally made out, which is invalid till the duty and penalty be paid.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 48. [1786.

every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds sterling, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed; and invafe any extractor, clerk, officer or person, who, in respect of any public office or employment, is or shall be entitled of entrusted to make, engross, print, or write any deposition, extra, or other writing by this a charged to pay a duty as aforesaid, shall be guilty of any fraud or practice to deceive his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any duty by this a payable, by making, engrossing, printing, or writing, any such deposition, extra, or other writing, or causing the same to be made, engrossed, printed, or written, upon vellum, parchment, or pfcper, marked of stamped with any mark, or stamp, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or by engrossing, printing, or writing the same upon vellum, parchment, or paper, that shall be marked or stamped for a lower duty as aforesaid, then every such extractor, clerk, officer, or person, so guilty of any such fraud or pra#ice, and being thereof lawfully convi#ed, shall (over and above the penalty aforesaid) forfeit his office, place, or employment respectively, and be disabled to hold or enjoy the same for the future 5 and if any attorney, conveyaneer, agent, writer to the signet, writer, solicitor, or procurator, belonging to any of the courts aforesaid, shall be guilty of any such fraud or pra#ice as aforesaid, and be convi#ed thereof, he shall (over and above the penalty aforesaid) be disabled for the future to praise as an attorney, conveyaneer, agent, writer to the signet, writer, solicitor, or procurator, respectively; and if any deposition, extra, or other writing, by this a charged with the payment of a duty as aforesaid, shall, contrary to the true intent and meaning thereof, be engrossed, printed, or written, by any person or persons whatsoever, upon vellum, parchment, or paper, not marked or damped according to this a, or upon vellum, parchment, or paper, marked or damped for a lower duty as aforesaid, that then, and in every such case, there shall be due, answered, and paid, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, over and above the duty aforesaid, for every such deposition, extra or other writing, the sum of ten pounds sterling, and no such deposition, extra, or other writing, shall be pleaded or given in evidence in any court in Great Britain, or admitted in any court in Great Britain to be good, useful, or available in law or equity, until as well the said duty, as the said sum of ten pounds sterling, shall be first paid to the use of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and a receipt produced for the same, under the hand or hands of some of the officers who shall be appointed to receive the duties abovementioned, and until the vellum, parchment, or paper, on which such deposition, extra, or other writing, shall be engrossed, printed, or written, shall be marked or stamped with a lawful mark or (lamp, according to this a; the proper officer and officers are hereby enjoined and required, upon payment or tender of the said duty, and the sum of ten pounds sterling, unto him or them, to give a receipt for

521

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 48.

the same, and to mark or (lamp the said vellum, parchment, or'paper, with the proper mark or stamp accordingly.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners for the said duties on vellum, parch commission ment, or paper, from time to time, shall and may appoint a fit er? perfomto attend in any court or office, to take notice of the vel tors of ttepa lum, parchment, or paper upon which any the matters or pers used in things aforesaid shall be engrossed, printed, or written, and of courts, and the marks or (lamps thereon, and of all other matters and

things tending to secure the said duties; and that the judges in during the

the several courts aforesaid, and such others to whom it may duties.

appertain, at the request of such of, or of any two

or more of them, shall make such orders in the respective courts,

and do such other matters and things for the better securing of the said duties under their charge, as shall be lawfully and reasonably

desired in that behalf.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of, and all other officers who shall be commission employed in the collection or management of the said several rates and duties herein before granted, shall, in the execution re&ions of the of their offices, observe and perform such rules and orders as treasury, and they respectively shall from time to time receive from the high not to tafce treasurer, or the of of the treasury, or any three or an see more of them for the time being, and that no see or reward shall be taken or demanded by any such of or officers from any of his majesty's subjects, for any matter or thing to be done in pursuance of this act; and in case any officer employed in the execution of this act, in relation to the said rates and duties, shall refuse or neglect to do or perform any matter Persons neg or thing by this act required or directed to be done or perform hing their ed by him, whereby any of his Majesty's subjects shall or may liable to prose sustain any damage whatsoever, such officer so offending shall be cution. liable to any action, to be founded on this Statute, to answer to the party grieved all such damages, with treble costs of suit.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall counterfeit or forge, or pro Persons coun. cure to be counterfeited or forged, any seal, stamp, or mark, terfeiting or directed or allowed to be used or provided, made or used in forsed pursuance of this act, for the purpose of denoting the duties by Gf felony.u1*this act granted, or shall counterfeit or referable, or cause to be counterfeited or resembled, the impression of the same upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties, or shall utter, vend, or sell, any vellum, parchment, or paper, with a counterfeit mark or stamp thereupon, knowing such mark or (lamp to be counterfeited; or if any person shall privately and fraudulently use any seal, stamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties, then every such person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged

II Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 48- [1786.

judged a felon and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Provisions of X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That extendtothis* powers, provisions, articles, clauses and all other matters and things prescribed or appointed by any former acfc or als of parliament relating to the stamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, (not hereby altered or repealed), hall be of full force and effect with relation to the rates and duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution for raising, levying, collecting, and securing the said new rates and duties hereby imposed, according to the true intent and meaning of this at, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby enacted with relation to the said new rates and duties hereby imposed.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Duties to be That the duties herein before granted shall be paid from time cewei^sceue 6* to tltne nt bands be receiver general for the time be ral, and by ing f the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, him into the who shall keep a separate and distinct account thereof, and pay exchequer, the same (the necessary charges of raising, paying, and accounting rate^ccount* or ^ame being deduded) into the receipt of the exchequer, is to be kept, at such time, and in such manner, as the duties now charged and the moon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be ney carried to paid; and in the office of the auditor of the said receipt there fund shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the

moneys arising from the said duties, and paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said money, so to be paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made a part of the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund.

XII Jnd, to the end the several sums granted out of the revenue arising within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, towards the augmentation of the salaries of the said judges, maybe duly replaced, in case the said duties hereby granted shall be deficient for that purpose, by such other ways and means as shall he thought expedient by parliament when such deficiency shall appear; be it further enatft

From Jan. t, ed by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day 1788, in an cf January in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty" eight, the auditor of the said receipt of his majesty's exchequer fore the com shall annually, within twenty days after the first day of January monsof the in every year, cause to be made out an account in writing of sums paid for a such sums Of money as shall be paid out of the said revenue f "n to the said judges for the augmentation of their salaries, in pur laries, and of fuance of any act or acts of this present session of parliament, for the produce of the year ending the fifth day of July then preceding; and also the dutiei. the produce of the duties hereby granted and paid into the said receipt, in the same year, ending as aforesaid; and shall cause such account to be laid before the commons in parliament, at

sn

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 48.

their then session (if then actually fitting), of if the parliament shall not be then sitting, in such case, at their first or next session, to the end a sufficient further provision may be made for the replacing to the said revenue the several Aims so granted as aforesaid in augmentation of the salaries of the said judges, by such ways and means as shall seem expedient, in case any deficiency shall appear of the duties by this act granted for that purpose,

XIII. And whereas by the Jaws now in force concerning the regulation of the judicatories in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, certain rates of fees and charges, due and payable to convey an, cers, and others who life to write for payment, are establishedr where by, and by the regulations and practice of the courts aforesaid consequent thereupon, each page of writing is understood to consist of thirtyfix lines, and each line of nine words, which hath been held a fair and reasonable quantity to be engrossed or written thereon, according to the rates of the fees and charges allowed and payable for the same: now, in order to prevent his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from being defrauded of any of the duties by this act granted, and in order that all matters and things by this act charged, may be engrossed and written in such manner as they have been usually accujlomedyand by law ought to be engrossed and written; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth day of July Notmorethan in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, no skin or piece of vellum or parchment, orfheetor piece of paper, whereon be

any matter or thing for which a duty or duties is or are pay insertedlnone able by this ais engrossed, written, or printed, within that ikin on penal part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be divided into, or L hall include more than four pages, whereof each page shall and may contain thirty-six lines, and each line nine words, and no more; and every such matter and thing shall be engrossed and written conformable to the said regulations, and according to the course and practice of the respective courts aforesaid; and that if any attorney, conveyaneer, agent, writer to the signet, writer, extractor, solicitor, procurator, clerk, or other person used to write for payment, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall engross, print, or write, or cause to be engrossed, printed, or written, upon any skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (beet or piece of paper, chargeable with any stamp duty by this a, any more or greater number of words than according to the rate and quantity abovementioned, or in any other manner, so as to insert in anyone such skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece of paper, above one thousand two hundred and thirty-six words, every such person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the Aim of ten pounds sterling, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed, and shall be, and is hereby made incapable to maintain or prosecute any action or suit in any court of law or equity, for the recovery of any fe; e, reward, or disbursement, on account of the engrossing, writing or making any Arch deposition, extra, or other writing aforesaid.

propriated.

Mode of recovery of penalties.

No person to

524 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 48. [1786.

How penalties

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, are to be ap That all pecuniary penalties hereby imposed shall be divided and distributed (if fyed for within the space of six calendar months from the time of such penalty being incurred), in manner following; that is to say. One moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the manner herein after mentioned, and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such pecuniary penalties shall and may be sued and recovered, with full costs of suit, in his majesty's court of session, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer in Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin,protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au be entitled to thority aforesaid, That such division or distribution of the pe

whopdoes" na^es aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby confined and restricted not prosecute to prosecuting for the same, within the time herein before in due time, for that purpose limited, and that in default of such prosecution within the time aforesaid, no informer or informers shall have, or be entitled to, any part or share of such penalties, but that the whole thereof shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall be recoverable in manner aforesaid; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the Paid fifth day of July, in, the year one

excheaueron thousand seven hundred and eighty six, all such penalties or August r, an forfeitures, and shares of penalties or forfeitures, as shall be due nually, and to or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, by virtue of be applied like this act, shall, from time to time, be paid into the hands of the receiver-general (or some person to be authorised by the said of, or the major part of them for the time being) who shall keep a separate and di Hindi account thereof, and pay the same (the necessary charges of paying and accounting for the same being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, on the first day of Augustin every year, unless the same shall be a Sunday or holiday, and then on the first day following which shall not be a holiday; and in the office of the auditor of the said receipt there shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said penalties or forfeitures, or shares of penalties or forfeitures, paid into the said exchequer, shall be entered in such manner as other penalties or forfeitures, and shares of penalties or forfeitures, for offences touching any the duties on stamped vellum, parchment and paper, are or shall, or may be directed by any act or acts of parliament of this present session to be entered; and the said moneys so to be paid into the said receipt of the exchequer as aforesaid, shall be issued and applied to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors. such manner, and to such purposes, as other penalties or forfeitures, due or payable to his Majesty, have

heretofore

His majesty's share to be paid into the

other penalties.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. g.48.

525-

heretofore been used to be, or ought to have been paid or applied, and to no other use or purpose whatsoever.

XVIII. Provided always and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to Justices to de and for any justice of the peace residing near the place where the runiary mat" offence shall be committed, to hear and determine any offence ters 0t penal against this act, which subjects the offender to any pecuniary ties, penalty, which said justice of the peace is hereby authorised and required, upon any information exhibited, or complaint made in that behalf, at any time within six calendar months after such offence committed against this act, to summon the party accused, and also the witnesses on either side, and shall examine into thef matter of, and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confession of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, (which oath he is hereby impow ered to administer), to give judgement or sentence for the pe*rial ty or forfeiture, according as in and by this act is directed, (all which penalties and forfeitures so adjudged shall be divided and distributed, one moiety thereof to the informer and informers who shall prosecute for the same, and the other moiety thereof, the necessary charges for the recovery thereof being first deducted, shall be paid to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the manner herein before directed), and to award and issue out his warrant under his hand and feaj for the levying any such pecuniary penalties and forfeitures so adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any); and where goods of the offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the penalty, to commit the said offender to the house of correction, there to remain for the space of three calendar months, unless such pecuniary penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if any person or persons Appeal tfiav shall find himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by the judge "^etot e ment of any such justice, then he, she, or they, shall and may, fion. upon giving security to the amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, together with such costs as shall be awarded in case such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general quarter sessions for the county

Shire, stewartry, or place, wherein the offence was committed, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the judgement shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons to pay such costs occasioned by such appeal as to them shall seem meet.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

That if any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or Witnesses

witnesses to give evidence before such justice or justices of the

peace, touching any of the matters relative to this act, either on*01 CI

the part of the prosecutor or of the person or persons accused

and shall neglect or refuse to appear at though time and place to be

for that purpose appointed, without reasonable excuse for such

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 49. [1786.

his, her, or their neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by such justice or justices of the peace before whom the prosecution shall, be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of ten pounds sterling, to be levied and paid irt such manner, and by such means, as is herein before directed as to other penalties.

XX. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice, where he shall see cause, to mitigate and Jeflen any such penalties as he shall think fit, reasonable costs of the officers and informers, as well in making the discovery as in prpfecuting the same, being always allowed over and above such mitigation, and so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than one moiety of the penalties incurred, over and above the said costs and charges; anything in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding: and no such conviction shall be removed by Certiorari into any court whatsoever.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or executed in ptfrfuance of this actor of any clause, matter, or thing, therein contained, such person or persons shall and may

[General issue.]

p]ead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdi shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have Treble costs. treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XLIX.

In act for granting to his Majesty certainstamp duties on perfumery hair powder, and other articles therein mentioned; and on licences to be taken out by persons uttering or vending the same.

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, having taken into our most serious consideration your majesty's most gracious speech to both houses of parliament, recommending the establishment of a fixed plan for the reduction of the national debt'; and your faithful commons being desirous of obtaining that desirable object by the most easy and effectual means, have, towards that purpose, resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several new rates and duties upon the several wares and other articles herein after mentioned: and to that end and purpose do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be ena& ed; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and From July 5, by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth thd L day of one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, there

Justices may

mitigate penalties.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 49. 52

shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the king to Be paid oa dom of Great Britain, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several new rates and duties following, 1

upon the several wares and other articles herein after mentioned; (that is to say).

That for and upon every packet, box bottle, phial, or other enclosure, containing any powders, pastes, balls, balsams, ointments, oils, waters, washes, tindlures, essences, liquors, of other preparation or compofuion whatsoever, commonly calied, known, or distinguished, by the name of Sweet Scents, Odours, or Perfumes, or by the name of Cosmeticks, used or to be used by any person or persons as sweet scents, odours, perfumes, or cosmeticks, which shall be uttered, vended, or exposed to sale, in Great Britain, mixed or unmixed with other materials or ingredients, there shall be charged a damp duty according to the rates herein after expressed; and also, that for and upon every packet, box, bottle, phial, or other enclosure, containing any dentifrice, powders, tinctures, or other preparation or composition whatsoever for the teeth or gums, which shall be uttered, vended, or exposed to sale in Great Britain, there shall be charged a stamp duty, according to the like rates herein after expressed 5 and that for and upon every roll, cake, or piece, packet, box, pot, Or other enclosure of, or containing any pomatum, ointment, or other preparation or composition for the hair, which shall be uttered, vended, or exposed to sale, in Great Britain, there shall be charged a stamp duty, according to the like rates herein after expressed and also, that for and upon every packet, or other enclosure, containing any hair powder, which shall be ottered, vended, or exposed to sale, in Great Britain, the price whereof shall exceed two Shillings for the pound weight, there shall be charged a stamp duty, according to the like rates herein after expressed; is say),

Where any such wares, or Other articles aforesaid, shall not ^ketttc exceed the price or value of eight pence, there shall be charged of perfumes, a stamp duty of one penny: under 8d. va

And where any such wares, or other articles aforesaid, shall lue d. exceed the price or value of eight pence, and not exceed the Between 8d. price or value of one shilling, there shall be charged a stamp and S lci* duty of one penny halfpenny:

And where any such wares, or other articles aforesaid, shall Between is. exceed the price or value of one shilling, and shall not exceed and as. the price or value of two Shillings and sixpence, there shall be i charged a stamp duty of threepence::

where any such wares, or other articles aforesaid, shall Between ts. exceed the price or Value of two Shillings and sixpence, and shall 6d. and s   , under the price or value of five Shillings, there (halbe charged a stamp duty of sixpence:

And where any such wares, or other articles aforesaid, js, or up be of the price or value of five Shillings or upwards there (hal wards,  xr* be charged a stamp duty of one shilling:

No 2 That

11 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 49. [1786.

Duties to be The said r several and respective duties aforesaid to be levied and Jevied on paid, upon each and every packet, box, bottle, phial, or other etc!"accord^dg inc^ure> an upon each and every roll, cake, ball, or piece of to the above such wares or other article or articles aforesaid, which shall rates. uttered, vended, or exposed to sale as aforesaid, according to

the respective prices or values above rated.

For every And also, That for and upon every packet, or other enclosure

packet of hair containing any hair powder, which shall be uttered, vended, or powder under exposed to sale inl Great Britain, the price whereof shall not ex for each* ceec*two fr the pound weight, there shall be charged

pound, for each and every pound weight thereof, or any less quantity than a pound weight, a stamp duty of one penny.

Not to extend to drugs, etc. Kable to the duties ira posed by ad Geo. 3. c. 79.

stor to common soap urt mixed with perfumes.

Persons vending articles hereby taxed, to pay is. annually for a licence.

Duties to be under the management of the com$if

II. Provided always, That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge any drugs, oils, waters, efiences, tincture3, powders, or other preparation or composition whatsoever, used or applied, or to be used or applied, externally or internally, as medicines or medicaments for the prevention, cure, or relief of any disorder or complaint incident to, or in anywise affecting the human body, which are charged and chargeable with certain rates and duties in and by an act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for repealing an act made in the tiven- ty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty a stamp duty on licences to be taken out by certain persons uttering or vending medicines; and certain stamp duties on all medicines sold under such licences, or under the authority of his majesty's letters patent; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof), with the rates or duties in and by this act imposed, or with any additional rate or duty by force hereof.

III. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with the above rates or duties any common soap imported into or made in Great Britain, and charged and chargeable with any rate or duty under the management of the commissioners of the customs or the Commissioners of excise, which shall be uttered, vended, or exposed to sale in Great Britain, wholly unmixed with any such sweet feents, odours, or perfumes as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

every person in Great Britain uttering, vending, or exposing

to sale, any such wares, or other article or articles aforesaid, subject to the duties herein before imposed, shall annually take out a licence for that purpose; and that for and upon every licence so taken out by any such person, there shall be charged a stamp duty of one shilling.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, for the better and more effectual levying and collecting "the said several duties herein before granted, the same shall be under the government, care, and management of the commrf. Saner

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 49, 529

(toners for the time being appointed to manage the duties Ooners of charged on'damped vellum, parchment, and paper; who, or stamp8* the major part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ such officers for that purpose, and to allow such salaries and incidental charges as may be necessary, and to provide and use such stamps to denote the said several duties as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this act in execution with relation to the said rates and duties herein before granted, in the like, and in as full and ample manner as they, or the major part of them, are or is authorised to put in execution any former law concerning damped vellum, parchment, and paper.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act, any two or more commission of his majesty's of, appointed to manage the duties for stamps arising by stamps on vellum, parchment, and paper, or some ceifc^for'a person duly authorised by them, shall grant licences to such per year, from Ions who shall apply for the same, to utter, vend, or expose to July 5, 1786, fate, in any city, town, or place within Great Britain, any such to be renewed wares, or other article or articles as aforesaid, subject to the ^ays before duties by this act imposed, and tfte said licences so granted shall they expire, continue in force for the space of one year, commencing from the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, upon all licences to be granted on or before that day, and upon licences to be first: granted to any person or persons after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, to commence from the day of the date of every such licence; and all and every person and persons who shall take out such licence or licences for uttering, vending, or exposing to sale, any such wares, or other article or articles as aforesaid,

shall take out a fresh licence or licences for another year, ten days at the lead before the expiration of that year for which he,

(he, or they shall have been licensed, if he, she, or they shall' continue to utter, vend, or expose to sale, such wares or other articles aforesaid, or any of them, and shall in like manner renew such licence from year to year, paying down the sums due for the stamps on such licences folong as he, she, or they shall continue to utter, vend, or expose to fate, such wares or other articles as aforesaid, or any of them.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand persons felkng seven hundred and eighty six, no person or persons whatsoever shall utter, vend, or expose to sale, any such wares, or other ar without alludes as aforesaid, which shall be subject to the rates or duties cence, forfeit herein before imposed, unless he, she, or they shall have first jl. obtained a licence, and then remaining in force, in such manner as is herein before directed, upon pain to forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person and persons uttering, vending or exposing Venders not

N n 3 to bavin tue

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 49. [1786.

words Licens to sale, any such wares, or other article or articles as aforesaid.

Perfumer anc beenfed so to unc^er anc ky of this act, shall,

the frontofn vv*thm the space of twenty days after such licence shall have their houses, been granted, cause the words Licensed to deal in Perfumery, to forfeit, $1, be painted or written in large and legible characters, either over the door, or in some visible place in the front of his, her, or their house, (hop, or warehouse, at the respective places at which he, she, or they shall utter, vend, or expose to sale, any such wares, or other article or articles as aforesaid, to denote that such person or persons is or are a dealer or dealers in perfumery, and licensed for that purpose; and if any person so licensed as aforesaid shall, after the expiration of twenty days after such licence shall have been granted, presume to utter, vend, or expose to falc, any such wares or other article or articles subject to the duties by this at imposed, without fixing or hanging out such notice as aforesaid, every such person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

tjnlicensed That if any person or persons shall six or hangout any such Persons fixing notice as aforesaid'continue the same so fixed or hung out, on their having a licence for that purpose then remaining in

Jioufee, forfeit force, in such manner as is herein before directed, every such aol person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

X Jnd9 in order to secure the duties hereby imposed, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person and persons making, preparing, uttering, vending, or exposing to sale, any such wares, or other article or articles as aforesaid, which are subject to the duties hereby imposed, shall, from time tq time, apply to the said of of (lamps, or to the officers appointed for that purpose, for paper covers, wrappers, or labels, to be pasted, stuck, fastened, or affixed to packets, boxes, pots, bottles, phials, or other enclosures, containing any such wares, or other article or articles as aforesaid, or to be pasted, stuck, fastened, or affixed to rolls, cakes, balls, or pieces of such wares, or other articles, as shall be uttered, vended, or exposed to sale, without any enclosure as aforesaid; upon which paper covers, wrappers, or labels, the said of, or the major part of them, as aforesaid, are hereby directed and required to print or impress, or cause to be printed or impressed, some mark, device, or some particular word or words, to denote the said duties, and the rate thereof: and the said of are hereby also required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, from time to time tq every such licensed vender or venders, as occasion shall require, sufficient covers, wrappers, or labels, for the purpose aforesaid, on payment of the respective sums due for the (lamps thereon; and all and every the packets, boxes, pots, bottles, phials, and other enclosures, containing any such wares, or other article or articles as aforesaid, uttered, vended, or exposed to sale therein,

Venders to send to the commissioners for stamped labels to paste on packets, in inch manner as the coin jnififioners shall direct.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. 0*49. 531

by any person or persons whatsoever; and also all and every the rolls, cakes, balls, and pieces of such other wares, or other article or articles as aforesaid, which shall be uttered, vended, or exposed to sale as aforesaid, by any person or persons whatsoever,

shall have well and sufficiently palted, stuck, fattened, or affixed thereto, such covers, wrappers, or labels, stamped, marked, impressed, or distinguished as aforesaid, in such manner as the said of shall dire: and the said of shall, from time to time, devise and direct the manner in which such covers, wrappers, or labels, shall be patted or affixed to the said wares, or other article or articles aforesaid; or to the papers, thread, or other thing enclosing, or which shall be directed by the said of to enclose, the same; and to make such rules and regulations in that behalf as they shall think fit and necessary, to prevent the covers, wrappers, or labels affixed to such wares, or other article or articles aforesaid, from being made use of again, after they shall have been sold and disposed of; which rules, regulations, and directions, shall be delivered to all and every vender or venders aforesaid, at the time of his, her, or tfreijr taking out the first licence herein before directed to be taken out by every person and persons vending or exposing to sale such wares, or other articles aforesaid, subject to the duties by this act imposed; and so, from time to time, with every future licence that shall be granted, if any variation or alteration shall have been made in such rules, regulations, or directions aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons shall, from and after the said fifth day Persons selling of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, utter, yend, packets with or expose to sale, or offer or keep ready for sale, or cause to be tapper, r vended or exposed to sale, or offered or kept ready for sale, in with one of a any (hop, house, or other place, of which notice shall have been wrong deno? sent as herein after directed, any wares, or other article or arti mination, sorties aforesaid, subject to the duties hereby imposed, or receive s

thing whatsoever by way of barter, or in exchange for any wares, or other article or Articles aforesaid, subject to the said duties, unless the cover, wrapper, or label, hereby directed to be patted, stuck, fattened, or affixed to the same, shall, previous to such sale, or exposing to sale, or offering for sale, as aforesaid, be well and sufficiently patted, stuck, fattened, or affixed thereto, in such manner as the said of shall from time to time direct, and marked or stamped as by this act is directed, or that shall have any cover, wrapper, or label, patted, stuck, fattened, or affixed thereto, marked or stamped with a mark or (lamp of less denomination or value than by this act is directed, under pain that all and every such person and persons so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Hair powder and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, who is, are,

or shall be a maker or makers of hair powder, having duly made vaiuetand in a true eotry at any office of excise in Great Britain, as required quantity not

N n 4 by under 224 lb

m

rnsy be sold without a flam pec cover, C by the maker.

Persons selling such powder to keep an account

proper officer, on penalty of 20l.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 49. [1786.

by the several Statutes in that case made and provided, to vend and fell to any person or persons dealing in hair powder, and licensed by virtue and in pursuance of this act, and to and for such licensed person or persons to buy for sale any hair powder, the price whereof shall not exceed the rate of two Shillings for the pound weight, and packed in any calks, cherts, cases, bags, or other packages, each calk, chert, case, bag, or other package whereof shall contain two hundred and twenty-four pounds of such hair powder at the least, without affixing, or being required to affix, to the same, any cover, wrapper, or label, marked or stamped according to the directions of this act; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every such maker or makers of hair powder, as aforesaid, who shall vend or sell the same without stamps, under the powers and directions of this

hereof for the act as aforesaid, shall keep one or more book or books, wherein inspection^ of he, (he, and they shall fairly enter in writing an exact, particular, and true account of all such hair powder which shall, from time to time, be sold by him, her, or them, without stamps, and the name and names of the respective person and persons, to whom, or to whose use, the same was so sold, and the particular days and times when the same was so sold; which book and books any officer or officers appointed by the said of, or any three of them, for that purpose, shall and may, at all seasonable times, in the daytime, view and examine, and take any copy or copies of the same, or of such parts thereof as he or they shall think proper, without hindrance or molestation, under the pain and penalty that every person offending in any of the particulars abovementioned shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XIV. And, in order to prevent any such cover, wrapper, or labels as aforesaidafter the same, shall have been used in the sale or disposal of any ivares, or other article or articles aforesaid, subject to the said duties, from being made use of again for the like purpose, whereby his M'ijefifs revenue might be lessened and dimint/hed; be it further

Persons selling enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or per

famela sons roman aler lie^Juh* one thmj sand seven hundred and eighty six, fraudulently cur, tear, or take off, or cause to be cur, torn, or taken off, from any wares, or other article or articles aforesaid, subject to the said duties hereby imposed, any cover, wrapper, or label, marked or imported with any mark cr (lamp in respect whereof or whereby any duty or duties by this act imposed is or are paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, after the same shall have been sold and disposed of, or shall fraudulently paste, slick, fasten, or affix, or cause to be parted, stuck, fastened, or affixed, to any such wares, or other article or articles as aforesaid, any such cover, wrapper, or label, so fraudulently cut, torn, or taken off as aforesaid; shall utter, vend, or expose to sale, or cause to be uttered, vended, or exposed to sale, any such wares, or other

article

be) a iecond t*ne, forfeit jol.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 49. 533

article or articles as aforesaid, with such cover, wrapper, or label, which shall have been so fraudulently cut, tprn, or taken off as aforesaid; and every the person and persons so offending, in any of the particulars before mentioned, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XV. And, the better to prevent the like frauds, be it also further

enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or per persons felkng Tonnes shall, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, wilfully and knowingly sell or second^hne, buy, or give or receive any other thing whatsoever by way of or buying or*barter, or in exchange for, any such cover, wrapper, or label, selling packets marked or stamped with any mark or stamp in respect whereof r\th ucr* any duty or duties is or are paid or payable to his Majesty, his orclt heirs or successors, in pursuance of this act (which hath been, before made use of in the sale or disposal of any such wares, or other article or articles as aforesaid, liable to the said duties), in order to be again made use of for the like purpose; or shall wilfully and knowingly sell or buy, or give or receive anything whatsoever by way of barter, or in exchange for, any such wares, or other article or articles as aforesaid, subject to the said duties, or any such packet, box, pot, bottle, phial, or other enclosure aforesaid, with such cover, wrapper, or label, which hath been before made use of in manner aforesaid, parted, stuck, fattened, or affixed thereto; every such person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of for the time being appointed to Five pounds manage the duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, Percent, dif or the major part of them, shall allow and pay to every person aliowedfor who shall be supplied with paper covers, wrappers, or labels, in prompt pay pursuance of this act, after the rate of five pounds in the hun ment of dred pounds upon present payment of the said duty or duties up duties, on the said covers, wrappers, or labels, so to them supplied.

XVII. And whereas the pasting on and affixing the covers, wrappers or lables on the several wares or other article or articles, or the enclosures thereof, in the manner, and under the several rules, regulations, and directions, to be made hythe said of, will tend greatly to secure the said duties by this act imposed, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said Notice of the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, pvery person and persons who shall utter, vend, or expose to jjable^o duty sale, any such wares, or other article or articles as aforesaid, lito be sent to ble to the duties by this act imposed, before they shall respectthe commis tively obtain a licence to utter, vend, or expose to sale, the same jjoners f n pursuance of this act, shall give or send notice in writing of of d.

the usual (hop, house, or place, (hops, houses, or places, where F

they respectively shall utter, vend, or expose to sale the same, or intend so tp doj which nptice shall be given or sent to the coma

mufioners

534 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 49. # liyxs;

roissioners for the time being for managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, or to their officers next adja*to the place or places respectively where such wares or other article or articles are uttered, vended, or exposed to fa!e, or intended so to be; and the like notice shall be given or sent, by every such person or persons, as often as they respectively shall change the places where such goods and other articles are by them sold, or intended to be sold j which notice shall contain the particular (hop, house, and place, and the particular room or apartment of the (hop, house, or place, wherein the same are so vended or exposed to sale, or intended To to be, upon pain that every person making default in giving notice as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed; and all such wares, and other article and articles aforesaid, subject to the duties hereby imposed, which shall be kept ready for sale, or offered to sale, in any (hop, house, or other place, whereof notice shall have been given or sent as aforesaid (except such wares, and other article or articles aforesaid, which are particularly enumerated and speci iied in a certain schedule to this act annexed, entitled, Schedule $etond\ and which shall be, and are hereby allowed to be kept for sale, and exposed to sale, in any such (hop, house or other place aforesaid, in bulk or otherwise, without any stamped cover, wrapper, or label affixed thereto, until the time of actual sale thereof), shall be deemed and adjudged to require a cover, wrapper, or label, marked and stamped as by this ai is required, to be previously affixed thereon, in manner to be directed by the Proper offi said of as aforesaid 5 and it shall and may be lawful cer& may and for any officer or officers, being the reunto authorised by

where^of, to enter in the daytime into any such stamped covers shop, house, or place, or any room or apartment whereof such are wanting, notice shall have been given or sent as aforesaid, and there to search an examiqe whether the said several wares, and other ar paidfq? on or arts aforesaid, so kept ready for sale, or offered to sale, penalty of 5l. as aforesaid, in such (hop, house, or other place aforesaid, have respectively a cover, wrapper, or label duly affixed thereto, or to the enclosures containing the same, according to the directions of this act; and if such wares or other article or articles aforesaid (except as herein excepted) shallhe exposed to sale, or kept ready for sale, in any such (hop, house, or other place as aforesaid, without any cover, wrapper, or label affixed thereto, or with a cover, wrapper, or label of less denomination or value than by this act is directed, or with a cover, wrapper, or label affixed thereto unduly and insufficiently, and contrary to the directions of the said of, it shall and may be lawful to and for such officer and officers respectively, and he and they is and are hereby required to affix, or cause to be affixed, to the said wares, or other article or articles aforesaid so exposed to sale, or kept ready for sale as aforesaid reflectively, or to the respective enclosures thereof, a cover, wrapper, or label marked and stamped as k aforesaid, (to see supplied by the said officer or officers, if occa

fioo

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 49. 535

fion shall require), in such manner as the said commissioners shall from time to time direct; and if the owner or owners, or vender or venders thereof, or the person or persons having the care or custody thereof, shall not upon demand pay and discharge to the said officer and officers all such sums of money as shall have become due and payable by him, her, or them, in respect of the (lamps upon the said covers, wrappers, or labels so supplied as aforesaid, every such person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the funp of five pounds, over and above the said duties, to be recovered and applied as herein af ter is directed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall obstruct or hinder any of the Persons ob said officers in the execution of the powers and authorities given confirtfhe^" to him or them by this act, for securing the said duties, every executioifof such person and persons so offending shall, for every such offence, their duty, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered and forfeit aql. applied as herein after is directed.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Damaged Iain case any covers, wrappers, or labels, shall be damaged, de eclfor faced, or spoiled in affixing the same upon such wares, or other otherswithout articles as aforesaid, or other wise, so as to be rendered unfit for additional use, it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons licensed expense.

in pursuance of this act, to bring such covers, wrappers, or labels, so marked and stamped as aforesaid, together with the wares or other articles to which the same shall have been affixed, to the commissioners for managing the lamp duties, or to the head officer appointed by them, and on oath (or solemn affirmation, m case such licensed person shall be one of the people called Quakers), thereof made by such licensed person, to the satisfaction of the said of or head officer so appointed (who are hereby authorised to administer such oath or solemn affirmation, and to examine into all circumstances relating to the damaging, defacing, or spoiling the same), that such covers, wrappers, or labels, so defaced or spoiled, or rendered unfit for the purpose intended, have not been used for any other purpose, or in any other manner whatsoever; and that none of them have been fraudulently rebought or returned after the same have been sold or disposed of; and that no money, or other consideration, hath been paid or given for the same, save and except the money first paid for such covers, wrappers, or labels, at the lamp office, or other places appointed by the commissioners for the distribution thereof; then, and in such case the said of are hereby required and directed, after destroying such defaced covers, wrappers, or labels, to deliver to such licensed person other Covers, wrappers, or labels, of the same denomination or value, instead of the covers, wrappers, or labels so damaged, defaced ot spoiled, or rendered unfit for use as aforesaid, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly, for the same, any sum of phoney or other consideration whatsoever.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That,

Person8 selling articles fub e to duty, in any place not specified by notice, forfeit 5l.

Articles sold for exportation, not subject to duty.

Account of articles exported to be sent to the commissioners of stamps,

to be filed, and certificates thereof to be granted to the venders, which shall be legal evidence.

Persons convicted of offences against this act, forfeit (their licence.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 49. [1786.

That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, if any person or persons, so licensed as aforesaid, shall vend or expose to sale any wares, or other article or articles subject to the duties by this at imposed, in any other (hop, house, or place, than such as are respectively contained or described in such notice so given or sent to the said of, or to their officers as aforesaid, every such person or persons so offending shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after is directed,

XXI. And, to encourage the exportation of all such wares, and other articles aforesaid, into foreign parts, be it further provided and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the sale of any wares or other articles, by any licensed personas aforesaid, 10 any person in Great Britain for the purposes of exportation, where such wares and other articles so sold shall be, bona fide and without fraud, exported to foreign parts; and that, in every such case, the person or persons selling the same for exportation da, within three days after the sale thereof, give or send notice, in writing, to the said of, or some person duly appointed by them at the head office of stamps, or at the office of the distributor of stamps next adjacent to the place where he, she, or they shall respectively reside, of all such wares, or other article or articles aforesaid, which shall be so sold for exportation; which notice shall contain the quantities and denominations of all such wares, or other article or articles aforesaid, and thd name and names of the person or persons to whom the same are so sold, and the port and place from which the same is to be exported; and all such notices shall be filed by the said of, or their officers, to whom the same are given and sent as aforesaid; and a certificate thereof, containing the like quantities and denominations of the wares or other articles, and also the names, persons and places expressed in such notices respectively, shall, if required, be made out under the hands of the said of, or their officers aforesaid, and delivered gratis to the person or persons by whom such notices respectively were given or sent; and in all prosecutions of offenders for selling or buying any such wares or other articles aforesaid, contrary to the provisions of this act, every such certificate shall be legal evidepce of notice, and of the quantities and denominations of the wares and other articles aforesaid expressed or contained therein.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons, licensed in pursuance of this act, shall be convicted or prosecuted to final judgement by any the ways or means by this act prescribed of or for any offence against this act, whereby any pecuniary penalty or sum of money is incurred or forfeited, the licence granted to the person or persons so convicted or prosecuted to judgement of or for such offence, shall thenceforth be null and void; and so from time to time, upon each and every successive conviction or judgement against: fu^h person or persons so offending as aforesaid, every new or

subsetjueqt

53/

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 49.

subsequent licence granted in pursuance of this act shall, in like manner, thenceforth be null and voids and that it shall not be lawful for the said of, or any of their officers respectively, after such conviction or judgement, to grant any new licence pursuant to this act, to any person or persons so convicted or prdfecuted to judgement, unless such person or persons shall, at the time when such new licence is granted, give security by bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with one or more sufficient sureties, to be approved of by the said of, or the officer or officers by them appointed for that purpose, in the following sums respectively, and on the following condition; that is to say, If such person or persons respectively shall have been so convicted or prosecuted to judgement for a first offence against this act, then such bond to be entered into on the renew What ecu al of any licence vacated thereupon, shall be in the penal sum of rities are to one hundred pounds sterling money of Great Britain; and if renewa^of1 such person or persons shall have been so convicted or prosecutedforfeited to judgement for a second or other subsequent offence against licences, this act, then such bond shall be in double the penal sum contained in the lafb preceding bond, entered into by such person or persons so offending as aforesaid; and that the condition of such bonds respectively shall be, that if such person or persons shall thenceforth well and truly conform to and observe all the regulations and provisions of this act, so far as he, she, or they shall be concerned therein, then such bonds shall be void, otherwise to be and remain in full force; and the said of, or any three or more of them, and any officer or officers by them appointed for that purpose, are hereby authorised to take the said bond or bonds; and in case the person or persons entering, into such bond, and to whom such licence shall have been granted, shall, at any time during the continuance of such licence, qr any future licence, have acted contrary to the regulations and provisions of this act, and to the form and effect of the said condition, then and in such case the said of shall, and they are hereby required to cause every such bond to be prosecuted with effect; and which prosecution shall and may be carried on against the principal obliger, his, her, or their surety or sureties, or his, her, or their executors or administrators respectively, as the said of shall think proper,

XXIII And) in order to obviate any doubts which may arise in the conjlruttion of this act, for want af a particular specifcation, denomination, and enumeration of the different wares, or other articles

aforesaid, which are charged with, or subject to the rates or duties by this act imposed, or to which the fameshall extend; be it declared and further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, the rates Duties taex r and duties hereby imposed on powders, pastes, balls, balsams, tend to all ointments, oils, waters, washes, tindures, essences, liquors, or other preparation or composition whatsoever, commonly calied, schedule an known, or distinguished, by the name of Sweet Scents, Odours or cexed. Perfumes, or by the name of Cosmettcks, used, or to be used, by any person or persons as sweet scents, odours perfumes, or cof

metieks*

s38

Persons counterfeiting stamp$, or using them, guilty of

stony.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii IIL C 49. [1786.

foeticks, which shall be uttered, vended, or exposed to sale, in Gwat Britain and also upon dentifrice powders, tinftures, and other preparation or composition whatsoever, for the teeth or gums, which shall be uttered, vended, or exposed to sale, in Great Britain; and also upon rolls, cakes, balls, or pieces, packets, boxes, or other enclosures of, or containing any pomatum, ointment, hair powder, or other preparation or com po sit ion fof the hair, which shall also be uttered, vended, or exposed to sale in Great Britain; and upon persons uttering, vending, or exposing to sale the same; and all the powers, provisoes, articles, clauses, distributiorts of penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and things prescribed or appointed by this a eft, for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing the said rates and duties, shall particularly extend, and be deemed and adjudged to extend, to charge with the said rates and duties all and every the wares and other article and articles mentioned, named, enumerated, or specified in the schedule hereunto annexed, by the respective names therein mentioned, or by whatsoever other name or names the same have heretofore been, now are, or hereafter shall be calied, known, or distinguished; and also all other powders, pastes, balls, balsams, ointments, oils, waters, washes, tinftures, essences, liquors, and other preparation or composition aforesaid, called Sweet Scents, Odours, Perfumes, or Cosmeticks, as aforesaid j and all dentifrice powders, tinftures, and other preparation or composition aforesaid for the teeth or gums; and all rolls, cakes, balls, or pieces, packets, pots, boxes, or other enclosures of, or containing any pomatum, ointment, hair powder, or other preparation or composition aforesaid for the hair, not therein particularly enumerated or specified, having the same or the like properties, qualities, virtues and efficacies, and used for the same or the like purposes with those wares or other articles so enumerated or specified therein, as fully and effectually as if the several wares and other articles aforesaid, in and by this act above described, and the several articles in the said schedule named, enumerated or specified, were particularly named, enumerated, or specified, in the body of this act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid - if any person or persons shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any seal, (lamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used, or provided, made, or used in pursuance of this act, for the purpose of denoting the duties by this act granted; or shall counterfeit or refembk the impression of the same, upon any vellum, parchment, or paper, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any the said duties; or shall utter, vend, or sell, any vellum, parchment, or paper, directed to be marked or damped with any mark or fiamp provided and used in pursuance of this act, with a counterfeit mark or stamp thereupon, knowing such mark or stamp to be counterfeit; or if any person shall privately and fraudulently use any seal, stamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs

or

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 49. 539

or successors, of any of the said duties, then every such person so offending, and being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, and all other mat Former pow

ters and things prescribed or appointed by any former act or acts of parliament relating to the stamp duties on vellum, parch extended to

ment, and paper, shall be of full force and effect with relation this act.

to the rates and duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied

and put in execution for raising, levying, collecting, and securing

the said new rates and duties hereby imposed, according to

the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully and effectually,

to all intents and purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively

been hereby enacted with relation to the said new

rates and duties hereby imposed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary penalties hereby imposed, shall be divided How penalties and distributed (if sued for within the space of six calendar are to be JP* months from the time of any such penalty being incurred), in propnald manner following; one moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in the manner herein after mentioned, and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary penalties imposed on any person or persons and how to be for offences committed against this act, shall and may be sued recovered, for nd recovered, with full costs of suit, in any of his majesty's courts at Westminster, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed; and in his majesty's court of sessions, court of judiciary, or court of exchequer, in Scotland, for offences committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin* protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such division or distribution of the pe No informer nalties as aforesaid shall be, and is hereby confined and restrid entitled to hied to the prosecuting for the same within the time herein before na*tfewho for that purpose limited; and that in default of such profecu (joe not pro rion within the time aforesaid, no informer or informers shall fecute in time have, or be entitled to any part or share of such penalties, but limited, that the whole thereof shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall be recoverable in manner aforesaid; anything

herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Justices may any justice of the peace residing near the place where the offence determine shall be committed, to.hear and determine any offence against ^e^pecu this wtiteh the offender 'to any pecuniary penalty; niary penal

which ties.

Appeal may be made to the quarter sessions.

witnesses neglecting to attend, forfeit 40 shillings.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 49. [1786.

which said. justice of the peace is hereby authorised and required, upon any such information exhibited, or complaint made in that behalf, at any time within six calendar months after such offence shall have been committed against this act, to summon the party accused, and also the witnesses on either side, and shall examine into the matter of, and upon oue proof made thereof, either by the voluntary oath of the party, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses (which oath he is hereby empowered to administer), to give judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture, according as in and by this act is directed; all which penalties and forfeitures so adjudged, shall be divided and distributed, one moiety therebf to the informer or informers who shall prosecute for the same, and the other moiety (the necessary charges for the recovery thereof being first deduded), shall be paid to the use of his Majestyi his heirs and successors, in the manner herein before directed, and to award and issue out his warrant, under his hand and seal, for the levying any such pecuniary penalties or forfeitures so adjudged on the goods of the offender, and to cause sale to be made thereof in case they shall not be redeemed within three days, rendering to the party the overplus, if any; and where the goods of the offender cannot be found sufficient to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to prison, there to remain for the space of three months, unless such pecuniary penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if any person or persons shall find himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by the judgement of any such justice, then he, she, or they shall and may, upon giving security, to the amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture, together with such costs as shall be awarded, in case such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general quarter sessions for the county, riding Shire, ftetfartry, or place wherein the offence was committed, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the same; and in case the judgement shall be affirmed, it shall and may be lawful for such justices to award the person or persons to pay such costs, occasioned by such appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any person or persons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses, to give evidence before fugh justice or justices of the peace touching any of the matters relative to this act, either on the part of the prosecutor, or of the person or persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such his, her, or their neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by such justice or justices of the peace before whom the prosecution shall be depending, that then every such person shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of forty Shillings, to be levied and paid in such manner, and by such means as Is herein before directed as to other penalties.

XXXI. And in order to avoid frivolous and vexatious appeals,

be

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 49, 54.1

be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That. th justices of the peace before whom any offender shall be convidu ed as aforesaid, shall cause the said conviction to be made out in the manner and form following, or in any other form of words to the like effect, mutatis mutandis; which conviction shall be good and effectual to all intents and purposes whatsoever, without stating the case, or the facts or evidence in any more particular manner; (that is to say),

BE it remembered, That on the day of fcon*

' in the year of our Lord in the county of vl^lon*

A, B of was convilied before me

C D. one of his Majests justices of the peace for the said county, residing near to the place where the offence was committed, for that the said A.B. on the day of now

last paji did, [here state the offence against the ad contrary to the form of the Statute in that case made and provided: and I do declare and adjudge, That he, the said A.B. hath forfeited the sum of of law money of Great Britain, for the offence aforesaid; which sum of 1 do hereby mitigate to the

' sum of [here state the mitigated penalty if necessary] to be difributed as the law dir else.

Given under my hand andfealy the day of

XXXII. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and maybe Penalties may lawful to and for the said justice, where he shall see cause, to he mitigated mitigate and lessen any such penalties as he shall think fit, reasonable costs of the officers and informers, as well in making the discovery as in prosecuting the same being always allowed, over and above such mitigation, and so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less than one moiety of the penalties incurred over and above the said costs and charges 5 anything noconvictioft contained in this actor any other act of parliament, to the con ftal1 here "notwithstanding; and that no such conviction shall be re {^orari. y *moved by certiorari into any court whatsoever.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several duties herein before granted, shall be paid Duties to be from time to time into the hands of the receiver-general for the Paid to the time being of the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and nertlyor^" ' paper; who shall keep a separate and distinct account of the stamp, and several rates and duties, and pay the same (the necessary charges by him paid of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, being deduct jl?to the ex ed) into the receipt of the exchequer, at such time and in such C equer* manner as the duties now charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed to be paid; and that in the of Auditor to fice of the auditor of the said receipt, there shall be provided keepafepa and kept a book or books, in which all the moneys arising of^mon^es from the said several rates and duties, and paid into the said re which shall be ceipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all carried to the other moneys, paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fuc sinking fund. V eeffors, upon any account whatsoever j and the said money, so

54*

His majesty's shares of penalties to be paid to the said receiver, and paid by himinto the exchequer annually on Aug. i;

and applied; other penalties.

General issue

[Treble costs.]

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. 49^ [786.

paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the fund Commonly called The Sinking Funi % and shall be applicable to the same uses and purposes as the said sinking fund is, or by law may be applicable unto.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty flx, all such penalties or forfeitures, and shares of penalties or forfeitures, as shall be due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, by virtue of this act, shall, from time to time, be paid into the hands of the said receiver-general (or some other person to be authorised by the said commissioners for the time being, or the major part of them, to receive the same), who shall keep a separate and distinct account thereof, and pay the same (the necessary charges of paying and accounting for the same being deducted) into the receipt of the exchequer, on the first day of Augustin every year, unless the same shall be a Sunday or holiday, and then on the first day following not being a holiday; and in the office of the auditor of the said receipt there shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the moneys arising from the said penalties or forfeitures, or shares of penalties or forfeitures paid into the said receipt, shall be entered in such manner as shall or may be directed by any act or acts of parliament of this present session; and the said moneys, so to be paid into the said receipt of exchequer

as aforesaid, shall be issued and applied to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in such manner and to such purposes as other penalties or forfeitures due or payable to his Majesty have heretofore been used to be, or directed to be paid or applied, and to no other use or purpose whatsoever.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of ariy clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

SCHEDULE

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C

SCHEDULE FIRST To which this ACT refers:

Containing the names by which many sweet scents, odours perfumes, and cosmeticks, and other wares and articles of merchandise now in use, subject: to the duties by this act imposed, are known or distinguished j that is to say,

Almonds, Powder of Paste Soap

Wash Balls Amber, Essence of Soap

Wash Balls Balsam for the Hair Bears' Grease Bergamotte, so called Essence of Pomatums Wash Ball Water Bouquet, so called Essence of Powder Water Pomatums Camphire Wash Balls Cedar, Essence of Citron, Essence of Civet, so called Civet, Essence of Powder Cypress, so called Essence of Water

Sweet Cypress Powder Cyprian Odoriferous Powder Cithere Water Cream, Cold, for the Face

Beautifying, for Ditto White Cream Wash Balls Marble Ditto Dentifrice, so called

spence's Ditto rufpini's Ditto Pearl Ditto Myrrh Ditto

Dentifrice, Vegetable Ditto Dew, Olympian Naples Filberts, Oil of Flowers, Essence of Hair Powder, so called Honey Water Honeysuckles, Essence of Pomatums Hyacinth, Essence of Jessamine, Essence of Milk of Oil of Powder of Pomatums Syrup of Water Jonquil, Essence of Water of Pomatums Lavender, Distilled Water Ditto from the Flowers Essence of Volatile Ditto Lavender, Powder of Pomatums Wash Balls Lemon, Essence of Lilies, Carnation of Milk of Powder of Wash Balls Lime, Essence of Marechalle, so called Powder of Duchesse French Pomatums Water Mignionette, Essence of Millefleurs, Essence of

Millefieun*

Qo z

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. .4$. fi

Millefleurs, Powder of'

Pomatums

Water

Mulk, Essence of Powder of Myrrh, Essence of Myrtle, Essence of Oeillet, so called Essence of Pomatums Powder Orange, Essence of Powder of Butter Pomatum Orange Flower, Essence of Powder of Pomatum

Paints, Rouge Blanche

Vegetable Rouge Serviette Rouge Peach Kernels, Powder of

Royal tincture of Peach Bloflbms, Powder of Pearl, Essence of Powder of.

Powder of Pear! of India Water Paste, Chinese

Spermaceti!

Pomatums, Duchesse French Flora Italian Common, hard and soft Scented. Pomade de Nerole Pomade de Grade Royal Pomatum for the Face Sweet Storax Pomatum Powders, A la Reine Aromatic Artois Bloom Devonshire Black

Browa

Powders, Grey Orris Orleans

Pink Red,

Yellow Scented for the Face Chinese Face Powder Royal Powder sangwine's Powder for the Teeth Shaving Powder Pulville, so called Rhodium, so called Essence of Roses, Essence of Cream of

Vegetable Cream of Milk of Roses, Odour of

Liquid Bloom of Powder of

Pomatums 1

Savon, Royal Savonette, de Grasse Soap, Alicant Bath Cake Improved Jerusalem Joppa Italian Naples Perfumed Venice Sweet Briar, Essence of Powder of Tihflures, for the Teeth

greenough's ditto rufpini's ditto Thyme, Essence of Tuberose, Essence of Pomatum Water Violet, Essence of Powder of Fargeon's Powder of Pomatums Water Wash Balls, Grcaflian

Wall Balls,

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 50.'

Wslh Balls, Chemical Italian Marble

queen's Marble Royal Cyprian Washes, Venetian Bloom Turkish Waters, Perfumed Carmes

Waters, Cologne

Italian Hair Water Mifsin her Teens Suave

Sans Pareille V ento's Italian Water Wool, China India Spanish

54$

SCHEDULE SECOND

To which this ACT refers:

Containing the names of certain wares and other articles liable to the duties by this as imposed, and which are allowed to be kept for sale in bulk, or other wise, without any stamped cover, wrapper, or label affixed thereto, until the time of actual sale thereof, if such cover, wrapper, or label shall, at the time of such sale, be bona fide and without fraud affixed thereto in pursuance of this al

Almond Paste

Powder Bears' Grease Cold Cream Italian square hard Soap Naples lost Soap

Perfumed and coloured Hair Powder, above the price of two Shillings per pound weight Rouge in pots Wash Balls of all sorts.

CAP. L

An act for the encouragement of the southern whale fishery

WHEREAS it is proper to encourage, by new and additional preamble.

premiums, the fishery carried on by his Majesty's European subjects in the seas to the southward of the Greenland sees and davis's Straights, for the purpose of taking whales and other creatures found in those seas: and whereas it is of importance that immediate effect Should be given to such new and additional premiums, for which reason it is necessary to repeal the laws by which the present premiums are granted be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifteenth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, so much of an act passed in the fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the encou partofxjgeo. ragement of the fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, 3 c. 315 and the British dominions in Europe \ and for securing the return of the fishermen, sailors, and others, employed in the said fisheries, to the ports thereof, at the end of the fishing season, as relates to the whale fishery carried on to the southward of the Greenland seas and fiaiiijs Straights: and lfo so much of another apaffed in the yj -_* o03 fifteenth

Premiums granted for ten years to twenty ships fitted out for the whale fishefy from (Great Britain or Ireland.

546 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 50. [1786.

wd x6 Geo. sixteenth yefcr or the reign of his present Majesty, entitled. An pealed rc" so? the further encouragement of the whale fishery carried on from Great Britain, and Ireland, and the British dominions in Europe, and for regulating the fees to he taken by the officers of the customs in the island of Newfoundland, as relates to the said whale N fishery, shall be, and are hereby repealed, except so far as regards

ships or vessels, which may have been fitted and cleared out for the purpose of carrying on such fishery before the fit ft day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, under the encouragements given by the said acts.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several premiums hereafter mentioned shall be paid and allowed for ten years to twenty ships or vessels employed in the said fishery, under the limitations and restrictions herein after expressed; that is to say. Every such ship or vessel shall appear by her register to be British built, and shall be fitted and cleared out from some port of Great Britain or Ireland, or the islands of Jersey Guernsey or Man, and shall be wholly owned by his majesty's subjects usually residing in any of the dominions aforesaid, and navigated as herein after directed,

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Particulars of That for fifteen of such ships or vessels which shall be so fitted ifteenuftip8 anc cleared ut after the first day of May, and before the first first fitted out, ay ot September > in the present year one thousand seven h uncle. dred and eighty six, and between the first day of May and the

first day of September in each succeeding year, and shall have failed to, the southward of the seventh degree of north latitude, and shall there have bona fide carried on the said fishery, and shall return before the first day of July, in the year subsequent to that in which they cleared out, to some port of Great Britain, there shall be paid and allowed five hundred pounds to each of the three such ships or vessels which shall so sail and first arrive; within the times herein before mentioned, with the greatest quantity of oil or head matter taken together, being not less in the whole than twenty tonnes in each of such ships or vessels, and being the produce of one or more whale or whales, or other creatures living in the seas, taken and killed by the crews of every such ship or vessel respectively; and there shall be paid and allowed four hundred pounds to each of the three such ships or vessels, which shall in like manner fail and first arrive with the next greatest quantity of such oil or head matter taken together, being not less in the whole than twenty tonnes in every such ship or vessel, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the seas, so taken as aforesaid; there shall be paid and allowed three hundred pounds to each of the three such ships or vessels, which shall in like manner fail and first arrive with the next greatest quantity of such oil or head matter taken together, being not less in the whole than twenty tonnes in every such ship or vessel, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the seas, so taken as aforesaid and there shall be paid and al

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 50. 547

lowed two hundred pounds to each of the three such ships or vessels, which shall in like manner fail and first arrive with the next greatest quantity of such oil or head matter taken together, being not less in the whole than twenty tonnes in every such ship or vessel, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the seas, so taken as aforesaid; and there shall be paid and allowed one hundred pounds to each of the three such ships or vessels which shall in like, manner fail and first arrive with the next greatest quantity of such oil or head matter taken together, being not less in the whole than twenty tonnes in every such ship or vessel, and being the produce of any whale, or whales, or other creatures living in the seas, so taken as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Particulars of for five other of such ships or vessels, which shall be fitted and premiums for cleared out, and shall sail within the times herein before men [aft fitted ou(. tinned, and proceed to the southward of the thirty sixth degree of south latitude, and shall there bona fide carry on the said fishery, and shall return in not less than eighteen months, and not more than twenty-eight months, from the first day of Mays in the year in which they clear out, to some port in Great Britain, there shall be paid and allowed seven hundred pounds to the first of such ships or vessels which shall so sail and first arrive, within the times herein before last mentioned, with the greatest quantity of oil and head matter taken together, being not less in the whole than twenty tonnes, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the seas, and taken and killed by the crew of such ship or vessel; and there shall be paid and allowed six hundred pounds to the second of such ships or vessels which shall so sail and first arrive, within the times herein before last mentioned, with the next greatest quantity of oil and head matter taken together, and being not less in the whole than twenty tonnes, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the seas, so taken as aforesaid; and there shall be paid and allowed five hundred pounds to the third of such ships or vessels which (hairfo sail and first arrive, within the times herein before last mentioned, with the next greatest quantity of oil and head matter taken together, and being not less in the whole than twenty tonnes, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the seas, so taken as aforesaid; there shall be paid and allowed four hundred pounds to the fourth of such ships or vessels which shall so sail and first arrive, within the times herein before last mentioned, with the next greatest quantity of oil and head matter taken together, and being not less in the whole than twenty tonnes, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the seas, so taken as aforesaid; and there shall be paid and allowed three hundred pounds to the fifth of such ships or vessels which shall so sail and first arrive, within the times herein before last mentioned, with the next greatest quantity of oil and head matter

o04 taken

The matter and three

fourths of the crew mutt bebritish lub jects, or foreign protestants intending to efta t>lish them felvesin Great Britain.

No premium shall be paid, unless there is on board an apprentice for three years, for every 50 tonnes burden 2

Nor unless a log book

utt> vkiefitao fetto Georgii III. c. 50. [1786.

taken together, and being not less in the whole than twenty tonnes, and being the produce of any whale or whales, or other creatures living in the seas, so taken as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every such ship or vessel shall be navigated by persons, of whom the master and at least three fourths of the mariners are his Majesty's subjects usually redding in Great Britain, Ireland, Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, or if such ship or vessel shall clear out from any port of Great Britain, then that such ship or vessel may be navigated by persons being protestants, and who, not being subjects of his Majesty, have been heretofore employed in carrying on the said fishery, and who shall, at the time of clearing out of every ship or vessel on board of which they shall serve respectively, make oath, or, being a quaker, shall make affirmation, before two or more of the principal officers of the customs, of which the collector is to be one, at the port where such ship or vessel shall so clear out, (which oath or affirmation they are hereby authorised and required to administer), if it is their first voyage from any port of Great Britain that they have already established, or that it is their intention to establish themselves and their families in Great Britain, as inhabitants thereof, and subjects of his Majesty; and if it shall be their second, or any subsequent voyage, that they actually have established themselves and their families in Great Britain as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no premium granted by this act shall be paid or allowed to any person or persons whatever, for or on account of any ship or vessel employed in the aforesaid fishery, unless such ship or vessel shall have on board an apprentice indentured for the space of three years, at the lead, for every fifty tonnes burden of such ship or vessel by admeasurement, every such apprentice not exceeding the age of eighteen years, nor being under fourteen years, at the time he shall be (b indentured, and having proceeded on and continued the whole of the voyage both out and home for which any such premium shall be claimed, unless such apprentice died or deserted in the course of the voyage; which facts shall and are hereby required to be verified by the oath of the master, the mate, and two of the mariners belonging to such ship or vessel, taken before two or more of the principal officers of the customs, at the port to which such ship or vessel shall return from the said fishery, (of which the colleger is to be one), which oath they are hereby authorised and required to administer $ in confirmation a!so thereof, the proper officers of the customs belonging to the port to which such ships or vessels shall respectively return, shall, immediately after their return from such voyage respectively, visit every such ship or vessel, and muster the crew, and having satisfied themselves therein, shall certify the same to the of of his majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid4. That no premium granted by this act shall be paid or alb wed

'*of

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 50* 549

to any person or persons whatever, on account of any ship or shall have vessel employed in the said fishery, unless a log book shall have been regularly been regularly kept on board such ship or vessel, in which log book deli

the various situations and occurrences, respecting such ship or vered to the vessel, during the whole course of the voyage', shall be inserted collector ot every day, and particularly the times when such ship or vessel shall the customs have been in sight of land, distinguishingwhat land, and the bear oa

ings thereof, and the supposed distances therefrom, and the soundings; and also the time when and the latitude in which any whale, or other creature living in the sea, shall have been kilied, taken, or caught by the crew of such ship or vessel; which log book, so to be kept as aforesaid, shall be delivered by the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, at the time of his making a report of such ship or vessel, to the collector of the customs at any port in Great Britain? where such ship or vessel shall arrive, on her. return from the said fishery, for his inspection and examination; and the said master, or other person having or taking the charge or, command of such ship or vessel, together with the mate thereof,

shall jointly and severally verify on oath the contents of such logbook before such collector, who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same'.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any such ship or vessel shall, in the course of her The log book voyage, meet or fall in with any of his majesty's ships or vessels t be produc f war, the master, or other person having or taking the charge tn of or command of her, shall and is hereby required to produce to of war the captain, or other officer commanding such ship or vessel of that may be war, the said log book, so to be kept as aforesaid; and such cap met at sea, tain or commanding officer shall, and is hereby required to ^ke^th ri make a memorandum in such log book of the day on which it ^memoran 1* was so produced to him, and shall subscribe his name to such dum of the memorandum, and shall also make an entry in the log book of produaion; the said ship or vessel of war, of the name and description ofnto lhf the ship or vessel on board of which the log book of such ship atnany or vessel, so produced to and signed by him, was kept; and in port, for the case such ship or veflei, on board of which a log book is re like purpose. quired to be kept as aforesaid, shall put into any foreign port, where there is or shall be a British consul, or other chief british officer, the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall and is hereby required to produce such log book to such British consul, or other chief British officer, who shall and is hereby required also to make a memorandum therein of the day on which it was so produced to him, and shall, in like manner, subscribe the same,

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the master, mare and two of the mariners belonging to Oath to be every such ship or vessel, shall and are hereby required, upon the macje that the importation into Great Britain of any oil or head matter as be ^oduce of ing taken on the fishery aforesaid, to declare upon oath, before creatures kil two or more of the principal officers of the customs at the ports led by the ?. > of ship's crew.

Versons taking part of the Cargo of other vessels for the purpose of ob

55 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 50. [1786.

of their arrival respectively, of which the collector shall be one (which oath they are hereby autfeorised and required toadmi nifter,) from what port and the time when, such ship or vessel cleared out, and that all such oil or head matter, so imported, is the produce of one or more whale or whales, or otiier creatures living in the sea, actually and bona fide taken and killed by the crew of such ship or vessel only, at the times, and in the latitudes respectively mentioned and set down in the log book so to be kept as aforesaid.

X. And be it further efta<eted by the authority aforesaid That in case the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of any ship or vessel whatever, fitted out as aforesaid, for the purpose of obtaining some one or other of the premiums, granted by this at, shall knowingly receive or permit, or suffer to be received on board such ttiip or vessel, for the pur tainingapre pose of obtaining any one of the said premiums, any oil, head odmone Clt mater or any other produce whatever of any whale or whales, moiety to the or other fish or creatures living in the sea, which whale or informer, if*whales, or other creatures living in the sea, shall not have been information really and bona fide caught and taken by the crew of such ship monttfafte/ or vc only, such matter or other person having or taking the report at the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall forfeit the sum customhouse. of five hundred pounds; one moiety of which sum shall on recovery thereof, be paid to the person or persons discovering the same, provided such person or persons shall give information of the offence within one month after such matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall have reported his ship or vessel at the customhouse at the port to which such ship or vessel shall return from the said fishery; which mailer, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, is hereby required to make such report in the usual time, and in the manner in which all trading ships or vessels are reported before the proper officers of the customs; and the owner or owners of such ship or veffekhall, and is and are hereby authorised and required, in case, at the time such information shall be given, any sum or anylftim9^ue sums of money shall be due from him or them to such matter, to matter to or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, to keep and detain such sum or sums of money, and to pay the same (towards discharging the said penalty) to the collector or other principal officer of the customs at such port to which such ship or vessel shall so return from such fishery; and if such owner or owners shall pay any sum or sums of money to, or shall otherwise account for, such sum or sums of money with any matter or other person having or taking the charge or command of any such ship or vessel, before the expiration of one month after the report shall have been so made at the cuttom house as aforesaid, and such matter or other person shall be liable to the penalty aforesaid, such owner or owners shall make good such sum or sums of money so paid, or otherwise accounted for, and shall pay the same towards

discharging

When information has been given, owners to pay

the collectors of the customs; and if paid otherwise, shall be accountable for theiarae.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 50. 551

discharging the aforesaid penalty into the hands of the collector, or other principal officer of the customs, in manner before directed.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any whale or whales, or other creatures living in Produce of the sea, shall be caught or taken in any part of the ocean, to whales caught the northward of the seventh degree of north latitude, by t^iinr?arilcular crew of any of the fifteen ships or vessels, to which premiunsf^j voyageto are given in manner before mentioned, or to the northward of be deemed the thirty sixth degree of south latitude, by the crew of arfy of part of the the five ships or vessels, to which other premiums are also given, cn'"

in manner before mentioned, either on the voyage out or re turn home of any such ship or vessel, the oil or head matter F produced from such whale or whales, or other creatures so caught or taken, shall be accounted, and considered and taken to be part of the quantity of oil and head matter required to be taken and imported as aforesaid, to entitle the owner or owners of such ship or vessel to some one of the premiums herein before granted; provided it shall appear by the log book of such ship or vessel, so kept as aforesaid, that such ship or vessel hath actually sailed beyond, and been bona fide employed in the fishery, either to the southward of the seventh degree of north latitude, or to the southward of thirty-six degrees of south latitude, as the case may be.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any ship or vessel shall have been fitted out on the Ships fitted aforesaid fishery, under the rules and restrictions contained in ou uj^eji the before recited adfcs, made and passed in the fifteenth and 1 ^gto sixteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, and shall 3f which ail*have set sail upon a voyage for such fishery, after the first day of ed between January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and be Jan. 1, and fore the said first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ^tftled^o # eighty six, and shall in all respects conform to the several and premiums, respective rules, regulations, and restrictions in and by the said recited acts directed and required, the owner or owners of every such ship or vessel shall be allowed and entitled to such one or other of the aforesaid premiums, granted by this atto the fifteen ships or vessels herein before mentioned, as such owner or owners would be entitled to if such ship or vessel had been fitted out, and had failed after the said first: day of May, and before the said first day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, in conformity to the regulations of this acct; and every such ship or vessel shall be accounted as one in the number of the ships or vessels to which the fifteen premiums hereinbefore mentioned are granted.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case all and every the several rules, regulations, and commiflicm restrictions, prescribed and directed by this at, shall have been ers of the cuf observed and fully complied with, it shall and may be lawful om may or for the of of his majesty's customs in England, or of the pte* any four QX fliofe of them, and tfip contqfissioners of his Ma miume.

jesty's

ted t6 soil to the east of Good Hope, s.

restriy>n$in their course.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 50. [1786.

jessy's customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them, so ord^r the receiver-general of his majesty's customs n England and Scotland respectively, to pay out of any money in his hands, arising by any duties under their management, to such person or persons as shall be legally entitled thereto, any of the premiums hereinbefore granted.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

at lt anc may fr any ddp or veffeij employa

<' L ed in carrying on the said fouthera whale fishery, to sail and pass for that purpose to the eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, and to the westward of Cape Horn, or through the Straights of Magellan \ any law, usage, or custom to the contrary not with

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any ship or vessel sailing to the eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, for the purpose aforesaid, shall not fail or pass to the northward of thirty degrees of south latitude, nor make more than fifteen degrees of east longitude from the said Cape of Good Hope; and that any ship or vessel so sailing or passing to the westward of Cape Horrid or through the Straights of Magellan, for the purpose aforesaid, shall not pass to the northward of the equinoctial line, nor make more than fifty degrees of west longitude from Capt Horn.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every ship or vessel employed in the said fishery, and intending to sail or pass to the eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, or to the westward oi Cape Horny or through the Straights of Magellan, hall before (he shall proceed on her voyage, be obliged to take a licence for each respective voyage, from the court of directors of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, for the time being, in the name and under the leal of the said company, specifying which of the said voyages such ship shall be licensed to perform, and such licence shall be va

Conditions on lid and effectual only for the voyage therein expressed; and the which such H said court of directors shall not be required to grant any licence

tt^ranted L to pasto^eastward f the Cape of Good Hope, to more than egran t. ten Qxips or vessels in any one year or season, nor to grant any licence to any ship or vessel to sail or pass to the eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, unless the person or persons applying for, or demanding such licence, shall deliver to the said court of directors a manifest or certificate under the hand of the collector or comptroller, or other chief officer of the customs belonging to the port or place from whence such ship or vessel is intended to clear out and sail, verified by the oath of the owner or owners, or the master of such ship or vessel, taken before and attested by any magistrate, or other person authorised by law to take affidavits, specifying the names and places of abode of the owner or owners, and master of the said ship, and also the spe*

1 ties, quantity, quality, and value of all goods then on board of such ship or vessel, and of all goods (if any) intended to be afterwards taken into, or on board of thef same, before her de

parturo

Ships sailing to the East of Good Hope, C to take a licence from the India company.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 50:

parture outwards; and also unless it shall, by such manifest or certificate, appear unto the said court of directors, that no goods or merchandizes whatever (save and except the {lores of such ship or vessel, and the tackle, materials, and other things necessary for the purpose of the voyage) are taken, or intended to be taken into or on board of such ship or vessel.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any ship or vessel Ships sailing to be employed in the said southern whale fishery, to the east> out of their ward of the Cape of Good Hope, or the westward of Cape Horn, jl^proper" shall proceed or go beyond the limits herein before specified or merchandise expressed, unless driven or forced beyond the same by stress of on board, weather, or other inevitable accident, or being so driven or liable to the forced, hall not return back within the limits herein before {^dh^the prescribed, with as much convenient speed as the safety of the eafmndies hip or other circumstances will admit; or if any hip or vessel without LI shall depart from any port or place without having first obtain cence.

ed such licence as aforesaid, and hall go or be found beyond the Cape of Good Hope, or beyond the Streights of Magellan, or in any other place within the limits of the said company's exclusive trade; or if any ship or vessel, being so licensed to proceed to the fiftier.y beyond the Cape of Good Hope, hall have on board, or shall take on board before her return, any manu fadlures, goods, or merchandise, other than and except such as shall have been specified and described in and by such manifest or certificate, and other than and except the oil, head matter, or bone of whales, or other fish or creatures caught or taken in carrying on the said fishery; every such ship or vessel, and the goods, merchandizes, and effects on board the same, and the owner and owners, master and crew thereof, shall be deemed and taken, to all intents and purposes, to be subject so the several provisions, regulations, penalties and forfeitures, by any act or acts, made or imposed upon any person or persons, or their hips, vessels, goods, merchandizes, and effedis, who shall repair, fail, adventure, or go to, or traffic, trade, or be found in the East Indies, or other place or places within the limits of the said united company's exclusive trade, without licence having been first obtained from the said company; and the offendersshall and may be sued and prosecuted, and the penalties and forfeitures incurredshall and may be recovered in any court of justice in Great Britain, or in the East Indies wherein suits may be instituted and brought for offences committed against the said acts, or any of them.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That within thirty days next after the return of any ship or Certificates to vessel from a fishing voyage from the eastward of the Cape ofbe delivered Good Hopei the master of such ship or vessel shall deliver, or tary of that cause to be delivered, to the secretary of the said united com east-india pany, for the use of the said court of directors, a certificate un company, der the haqd of the collector or comptroller, or other chief of hat uo pro ficer of the customs belonging to the port or place where the p^indie^ said hip or vessel shall arrive, verified by the oath of the find has been iat*

piafter.

554 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 56. [1786.

ported, to en matter taken before and attested by any magistrate or other title toapre person authorised bylaw to take affidavits, that no goods, or mmm. merchandizes whatever of the growth, produce, or manufacture of any place or places in the East Indies, China, or elsewhere between the Cape of Good Hope, and the Straights of Magellan, except'oil, head matter, or bone of whales or other fisti, have been taken On board such ship or vessel during the said voyage; but in case any such goods and merchandizes shall have been taken on board the said ship or vessel during the said voyage, then the said certificate shall specify the species, quantity, quality, and value of all such goods and merchandizes, and the cause or reason of taking the same on board; and the owner or owners of such ship or vessel shall not be entitled to any bounty*under the authority of this act, until such certificate as aforesaid shall have been delivered to the said secretary, and such delivery shall have been proved by a production of his receipt for the same.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore

Ships sailing said, That every ship or vessel intending to navigate within, or within the H frequent any part of the seas comprised in the boundaries of South Sea exclusive trade of the South Sea company, as described in

company, and by an act: of the ninth of her late majesty Queen Anne, must have LI shall, before (he shall proceed on every such voyage, be obliged cence from to take a licence for such voyage from the governor and come

company. pany of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seasr and other parts of America and for encouraging the fishery; and every vessel navigating such seas, without such licence, shall be liable to such forfeitures and penalties as are created and enacted by the said act; anything in this act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No ship en That no ship or vessel whatever shall be entitled, within or titled to more during the periods of time respectively limited by this act for than one pre such ship or vessel to sail on and to return from such voyage, to femefealbn. more tian one the premiums hereby granted, although such

ship or vessel shall make two voyages within any one of the periods aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

If water be That upon the return of every ship or vessel from the fisheries

mixed with aforesaid, in which ship or vessel any oil or head matter shall be

inf orted it ^mporte^5 and on account of which importation any of the pre ftahbe for nriums herein before granted shall be claimed or demanded, in feited, as well case there shall be any reason to suspect that such oil or head as the claim matter is mixed with water, or any other material or materials, to premium, in orcjer to increase the quantity thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the collector, or other principal officer or officers of the customs, at the port to which such ship or vessel shall so return, to nominate, and appoint, and such collector, or other principal officer or officers, is and are hereby required to nominate and appoint one or more (as the case may require) skilful person or persons to examine such oil or head matter, for

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 50* $55

the purpose of ascertaining whether such oil or head matter has been mixed with any water, or any other material or materials whatever (other than oil or head matter so taken as aforesaid), whereby the quantity of such oil or head matter is increased; if it shall appear, upon such examination, that there has been mixed with such oil or head matter any water, or any other material whatever, whereby the quantity of such oil or head matter is increased, the owner or owners shall not be entitled to any of the premiums granted by this act; and over and above the loss of the premium, such oil or head matter, so mixed as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs; and if any dispute shall arise whether there hath been In case of mixed with such oil or head matter any water, or any other dispute, the material or materials whatever, not being oil or head matter so ov7nertj^taken as aforesaid, whereby the quantity of such oil or head ruyvof the^u matter is increased, then, and in such case, the proof thereof shall lie on the owner or claimer of such oil or head matter, or on the person or persons claiming the premium on account of the importation of such oil or head matter, and not on the officer who shall seize or prosecute the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid /

before any of the premiums granted by this act shall be Quantity unpaid or allowed to any person or persons whatever, the exact ported to be quantity of oil and head matter taken together, imported in officer such ship or vessel, shall be truly ascertained by the proper offi of the cuf cer or officers of the customs, and such quantity shall be certi i toms, C be fied by them to the commissioners of the customs in England fosse Pre" and Scotland respectively. Mid*

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, p

That all oil, head matter, or other produce of fish or creatures Oil, See. may living in the seas, caught and taken in the manner and under the regulations and restrictions required by this act, as also all, of

sins of whales, and skins of seals, so caught and taken, and that all oil, head matter, or other produce of whales, or other creatures living in the seas, sins of whales, and skins of seals, taken and caught in any part of the ocean by the crew of any ship or vessel built in Great Britain, Ireland, or the islands of Guernsey,

Jersey or Man, wholly owned by his majesty's subjects, usually redding therein respectively, and navigated in manner aforesaid, shall, upon importation into Great Britain, be admitted to entry, and landed without payment of any custom or duty whatever.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Foreigners That if any person or persons who, not being subjects of his felled Majesty, 'have been heretofore employed in carrying on the said ^hcff^1a^htal^, fishery, and who shall have established themselves and their fa have carried milies in Great Britain, for the purpose of carrying on the said on the fishery fishery, in manner before mentioned, and who shall so have 5 years, natu carried on the said fishery, and imported the produce thereof the into Great Britain, for and during the space of five years fuc oath

ceffively \ giance.

5*55*' Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 50. [1786.

ceffively; all which fads shall be ascertained by a certificate or certificates from the proper officer or officers of his majesty?s customs; shall, upon taking the oath of allegiance to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in one of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster or Edinburgh, or at the general or quarter sessions of the peace where he or they reside, be considered, deemed, and taken to be his majesty's natural born subject or subjects, and be entitled to all the privileges and advantages of his majesty's natural born subjects 3 which oath so taken as aforesaid shall be enrolled by the court wherein the same shall be taken, and the record of such enrolment or a copy thereof, properly authenticated, shall be admitted and taken in all cases as evidence of the on the part of such person or persons as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No harpooner That no harpooner, line manager, or boat fteerer, belonging to pressed any ship or vessel, fitted out on the aforesaid fishery, shall be p*impressed from the said service, but shall be, and is hereby privileged and exempt from being impressed, so long as he shall belong to, and be employed on board any ship or vessel whatever in the fishery aforesaid. rt,

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Skips belong That if any person or persons, being protestants, and not being ingttcftf0teign fakje<^s f his Majesty, who have been heretofore employed in whomay* carrying on the whale fishery, and being the owner or owners come to re of any ship or vessel, and intending to resider, together with side in Great their families, in this kingdom, for the purpose of continuing Britain, C to carry on such fishery from thence, shall, on or before the twenty.fifth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, come into this kingdom, together with his or their family or families, and shall bring any ship or vessel, ships or vessels, built before the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, to Great Britain, the number of such ships or vessels, not exceeding forty in the whole manned with any number of seamen or fishermen not less than twelve, having been heretofore employed in carrying on the said fishery in every such ship or vessel, and it shall be made appear to the fa tisfaction of the commissioners of his majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, by the oaths (or affirmations if quakers) of such owners respectively, (which oaths or affirmations the said of are hereby respectively authorised and empowered to administer), and by other means that he or they, together with his or their family or families, (if any they shall have), are then actually resident in Great Britain, and that twelve such seamen or fiftiermen at the lead are brought intp Great Britain in every such ship or vessel, and the same shall be certified, by the said of in England and Scotland respectively, to his Majesty, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by and with the advice of his privy council if he shall see just cause so to do, to grant to the owner or owners of every such ship or vessel, ships or vessels,

before June5>1787*to be licensed^ but not entitled to premiums.

I; &6. j Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 0, $0

not exceeding in the whole forty in number, a licence or licences to fit out any fitch ship or vessel for the sole purpose of carrying on the said whale fishery from Great Britain, and to employ such ship or vessel in carrying on the same; and every such ship or vessel shall, from and after the granting of such licence as aforesaid, during the continuance of such licence, enjoy all the privileges, and advantages which now by law belong, or may at any time hereafter belong, to any British ship or vessel employed in the said fishery (except the premiums herein before granted); and shall be allowed to import oil, and all other produce of the whale fishery, subject to the regulations and provisions hereinbefore contained, and free from all duties or imports; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any such ship or vessel, so licensed as aforesaid, n ce the shall have been employed by such owner or owners as aforesaid, in carrying on the whale fishery from Great Britain, or shall be whose family continued in carrying on such fishery, in case of his or their de had been red cease, during five successive seasons, and it shall be made appear dent 5 years to the satisfaction of the commissioners of his Majesty Ycustoms employed the in England and Scotland respectiveljf* by a certificate or certifi jie term in cates, under the hands of the minister and churchwardens of the fishery. the respective parishes in which the owner or owners of every Licence to be such ship or vessel shall have resided, and by other proper f Brftlfti fcip*means, that he or they, or his or their family or families

been resident in such parishes respectively for the space of five years successively, and the same shall be certified by the said of respectively to his Majesty; then, and in such case, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by and with the advice of his privy council to authorise such owner or owners to register every such ship or vessel as shall have been so brought into this kingdom, and employed as aforesaid in the whale fishery from thence for five successive seasons, by virtue of such licence as aforesaid, in like manner as if the same were a British ship, owned by brilijhs\xtyzxsy and navigated according to law and every such owner or owners shall also, from thenceforth, in respect of every such ship or vessel be entitled to all such bounties as are herein before granted to British ships and vessels employed in carrying on the said fishery; and they, and each of them, shall have and enjoy the rights, privileges and advantages of natural born subje<rts of Great Britain, in like manner, and subject to the like disabilities, as the same may be granted to aliens by special a Sts of parliament.

XXVIII. Provided always, That all and every owner or Owner of owners of every such ship or vessel before he or they shall be thepoatii admitted to register any such ship or vessel, shall take and fub of allegiance, feribe the oath of allegiance to his Majesty his heirs and successors, in one of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster or Edinburgh* or at the general or quarter sessions of the peace held in the place where he or they reside; which oath shall Voi, XXXV Pp be

558 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. gu [1786.

be enrolled fey the court wherein the same shall be taken and subscribed, on payment of the like sum or sums to the officer or officers of such court for entering the same as are or shall be payable by law on the entry of such oath in the courts aforesaid, in any case where the same is by law required,

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore

Perfomgrant. laid. That if any person or persons whatever shall knowingly sauecertifi or grant any false certificate or certificates for any of the

cates, forfeit purposes required or directed by this act, such person or persons 500l. shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, and be rendered

incapable of serving his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in any office whatever: and if any person or persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter, or falsify any certificate or certificates required by this act, or shall knowingly or willingly make use of any falle certificate or certificates, or of any certificate or certificates so counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified, such person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds; and every such certificate or certificates shall be invalid and of no effectv

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore aretobea^That one moiety of the penalties and forfeitures inflicted propriatedf* by this act (except in such cases where other directions are given by this act), shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to such officer or officers of the customs as shall sue or prosecute for the same in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively, where the offence shall be committed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons whatever, for anything done in pursuance of this act, the defendant or defendants, in such action or suit,

[General issue.]

may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by the authority of this act: and if it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or shall discontinue his action, after the defendant or defendants bath or have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or de treble costs# fendants shall recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as defendants have in other cases by law

CAP. LI.

An act for letter securing the duties on Jlarchy and for preventing frauds on the said duties

[Preamble.]

fiereas, notwithstanding the many laws made for ficur

ing the duties on Jlarch^ and for protesting the fair trader, many gtofs frauds are fill frequently practised by various persons, to the great loss of the revenue, and the iyury of the fair trader; for

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c.$ti 59

remedy thereof \ be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the From June twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ^?5hntlcc eighty six, before any darch shall be put into the dove or any ofathe jn^e.n other place to dry, (except for cruding), all such darch shall be tien to paper put or wrapped in papers, and shall be tied in manner herein starch for dry ^fter directed; that when any darch maker shall be desirous ing, and of the of papering darch for drying, he, she, or they, shall give to thequan officer for the duties on darch, of the division or didrift where his, her, or their darch*house is situated, twelve hours notice in writing, if such darch house shall be situated within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, or if such darch house shall be situated in any other part of Great Britain, twenty-four hours notice in writing, of the particular time and hour when he, she, or they, intend to begin to paper his, her, or their darch for drying, and hall in such notice express the number of pieces intended to be papered, and into what particular dove or other drying place such pieces are intended to be put to dry; and in c3fe such darch maker shall not begin to paper his, her, or their darch at the time and hour mentioned in such notice. Starch shall be or within one hour next after, then every such notice hall bebeunobe void, and such darch maker shall be obliged to give a fresh and j a^hourau like notice in writing before he, she, or they shall begin to paper ter the time'his, her, or their darch; and when any such maker or makers expressed in of darch shall begin to paper such darch, he, she, or they shall the notice, proceed and continue to paper the same until all the pieces of darch mentioned in such notice shall be papered.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every maker of darch diall cause every piece of darch, Every paper

when papered, to be tied with drings eroding each Other on that of darch shall

side of the piece where the ends of the paper shall be folded thereon! C

and shall cause to be drongly affixed or pacted, with warm paste stamped'by the

made with glue, on every piece of darch so papered and tied, a officer, on pc

label, or piece of thin paper, three inches long and three inches nalty l00\*

broad at the lead, of a different colour from the paper in which the darch shall be wrapped; that is to say. If the darch shall bs

wrapped in blue or brown paper, the said label or piece of thin

paper shall be white; and if the darch shall be wrapped in white

paper, such label or piece of thin paper shall be blue; and such

label or piece of thin paper shall be affixed on that side of the

piece of darch where the ends of the paper shall be folded, and

in such manner as to prevent the opening of the said paper of

(larch without tearing the said label or piece of thin paper; and the officer of the duties on (larch for the division or didrift

where such darch house shall be situated, shall attend and see

such darch papered and tied in manner aforesaid, and such label

or piece of thin paper affixed on every piece of such darch, and shall take an account of every piece of such darch; and such

officer shall cause ev^ry piece of darch so papefed as aforesaid to

Every pareel, cof starch found un stamped, to be forfeited, and the owner fined acoh

560 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 51. [1786.

be stamped or sealed upon such label or piece of thin paper aforesaid, with such stamp or seal as shall be provided by the commissioners for the duties on starch in England and Scotland respectr ively for that purpose, before any such piece of starch shall be put into the stove to dry; and if any starch maker shall begin to paper his, her, or their starch without giving such notice as aforesaid, or having given such notice, and begun to paper his, her, or their starch as aforesaid, ftiali not proceed and continue to paper such starch in manner aforesaid, or shall not cause the same to be tied in manner aforesaid, and such labels or pieces of thin paper to be affixed thereon, as aforesaid, every starch maker so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, if any piece or pieces of starch papered, nor being stamped in manner aforesaid, or any piece or pieces of starch not papered, or loose starch, or crap ings of starch, shall be found in any stove or other place for drying belonging to any starch maker, (whether such place shaft be an entered place or not an entered place), all such starch papered and not damped, or not papered, or loose starch, or scrapings of starch, shall be forfeited, and the starch maker, in whose po session such undamped starch, loose starch, or scrapings, shall be found, shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds: provided that nothing herein contained shall extend to pieces of starch put into the stove for crufting only before the same shall be scraped.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners for the duties on starch in England and

ciu icaiu uu ctiand respectively, shall, on or before the said twenty-fourth ' tributvproper day f June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, pro stamps, to be vide proper (lamps or seals for stamping or sealing the papers, containing all pieces of (larch which shall be made and papered in England and Scotland respectively, and by this act directed to be stamped or sealed, and shall cause such (lamps or seals to be distributed to the respective officers for the purpose before mentioned; which officers are hereby enjoined and required in using the same, to do no hurt or damage, or the lead damage that may be, to the starch or paper containing the same to be so stamped or sealed, which (lamps or seals shall and may, from time to time, be varied or altered as often as the said respective of shall think fit to alter the same.

V. And, for the better preventing or discovering any frauds that may be attempted by J, hipping starch for exportation, in order to obtain a drawback of the duties thereupon, and afterwards relanding the same to be consumed in Great Britain, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any starch maker, or dealer in starch, who shall have paid all his majesty's duties upon any

______ quantity of starch, or shall have bought, or shall be lawfully en

cap774. every titled to any quantity of starch from the person or persons who actually

Commissioners for starch duties to dif

affixed without doing damage to the starch.

After notice given agreeable to act 15 Geo. 3.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. CT. 56r

actually paid the said duties thereupon, shall intend to export paper of any such fiardi, and shall have given such notice of packing up torch for the same, in order to be exported, to the officer appointed for tohtveapro that purpose, as is required by an act passed in the last session of per label put parliament, intituled An act for repealing the dutyimposed on tea by thereon by the an act passed in the last session of parliament, and for granting other officer. duties in lieu thereof; for repealing so much of several acts as relates to the removal of tea; for directing the officers of excise to examine and certify the exportation of exciseable commodities; and for better securing the duties on candles it shall be lawful for such officer, who shall attend to see the said (larch packed up, and he is hereby required to (lamp or mark every paper of (larch so intended to be packed up, in order to be exported, on the label or piece of thin paper herein before directed to be affixed thereon, with such (lamp or mark, having the word Exportation denoted thereon, as the commissioners for the said duties on (larch in England and Scotland respectively shall provide and direct to be used for that purpose; and the said respective of shall, on or before the said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, provide proper stamps or marks, having the word Exportation denoted thereon, and shall cause the same to be distributed to the proper officers respectively for the purposes last aforesaid, which stamps or marks shall and may, from time to time, be varied or altered, as often as the said respective of shall think fit to alter the same.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time forge or counter Persons forfeit any such (lamp or mark, which shall be provided for lamp ing any tomp ing or marking (larch intended to be exported, every person so to or ei 100' offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said officer or officers, who shall attend to see such No starch to (larch packed up in order to be exported, shall not permit to be he. exported packed up, in order to be exported, any piece or pieces of starch, label,

not having thereon the label, or piece of thin paper, stamped as P is herein before directed, entire and unbroken; and all such starch so intended to be exported shall be subject: to all the regulations required by the said act, made in the last session of parlia Ad not to ment, concerning starch intended to be exported; provided that extend to exnothing in this act contained shall extend to starch ground into ^rcffmad^ powder, commonly called Hair Powder, which shall at any time jnt0 ha; r be intended to be exported. powder.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth day or June one Starch lamp thousand seven hundred and eighty six, if any piece or pieces of ed for expor (larch, stamped with the said (lamp or mark as aforesaid, provided for stamping or marking starch intended to be exported, fcund'any shall be found upon land, except in the warehouse or place where where but the same shall be packed up before the same (ha W in removing from thence to be put on board the

Pp

'J be shipped, where packed ship in which fp'" eraov' the s f oro

562 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 51. f178^.

thence to be the same is intended to be exported, all and every such piece or ft'pb pieces of starch shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer

of the customs or excise, or for the duties on starch.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Regulation* That within one hour after the pieces of starch shall have been with regard to papered and stamped by the officer, all the scrapings belonging o^ft^ch^eft to ^uck p*eces of starch shall be weighed and taken account of aftemapering. ky the officer, and shall be put into water in frames, tubs, or*other utensils, and shall not be mixed with any other starch or preparation for making starch then in operation; and the said scrapings shall be immediately dissolved, and (trained through a lieve, and being so (trained, the officer for the duties on starch shall take an account thereof as a green water, and the same shall not be again disturbed or meddled with, until such notice shall be given for boxing the same, as is required by an a made in the fourth year of the reign of King George the Second,

4 Geo. a. Cintituled, An act to prevent frauds in the revenue of excise with re. a spect to starch, coffee, tea, and chocolate; and another ad, made in

the nineteenth year of his prefenb majesty's reign, entitled. An 19 Geo. 3. act for better securing the duties on starch; and the said scrapings of

C 40' starch, so put into water and dissolved, shall be chargeable, and shall be charged by the proper officer with all the same duties upon starch as any other starch, and in like manner as any other starch, or materials for making starch, are or ought to be charge ed with.

X. And whereas, it being required by this act that scrapings of starch Should be dissolved in water, and converted into green waters it is reasonable that an allowance Should be made for the said scrapings % out of the amount of the boxgage or boxgages of which the said scrapings have been a part; be it therefore further enacted by the authority Allowance to aforesaid, That after the scrapings of starch shall be weighed by te made for the officer, and the said scrapings shall be put into water, as by which^re^o5* l'xis ls required, the said officer shall deduct seven tenth parts be weighed by of the weight of such scrapings, from the amount of the box ap officer, and gauge of which such scrapings have been a parr, provided the dissolved and weight of such scrapings do not exceed one fifth part of the in one hour amount of such boxgage or gauges; but if the weight of

afterward, on such scrapings exceed the aforesaid proportion, yet no greater penalty of deduction shall be made than according to the said proportion 5

fcool, that is to say, No greater deduction shall be made, in any case,

than seven tenth parts of one fifth part of the said amount of the boxgage or gauges; and it shall be lawful for the officer to charge the starch maker with the duties from the amount of the boxgage or boxgages, after such deduction shall have been made therefrom, provided such amount, after such deduction made, shall not be less than the actual weight of the starch, when the same is removed from the (love, or other drying place or places, and weighed: provided also, that no allowance or deduction shall be made in cases where the duties shall be charged according to the gauge taken in the four waters, or in the green waters, together with the (limes, as directed by the said act, made in the

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 51. $63

nineteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, or by this and in case any starch maker shall neglect to put all such scrapings under water, and to stir the same until dissolved, and to strain the same through a sieve, within the space of one hour after the same shall have been weighed and taken account of by he officer, every such starch maker so offending shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds; and in case any starch maker shall. Scrapings not after such scrapings shall have been dissolved and drained into to be taken any frame, tub, or other utensil, wilfully cause the same to be notllwgivenut disturbed, or the whole, or any part thereof, to be taken away of boxing, nor before notice shall have been given of boxing the same, such increased in starch maker shall be deemed to have boxed starch without no weight, on tice, and shall forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds, as by the said ast made in the nineteenth year of his majesty's % reign is directed; and in case any starch maker, in order to increase the quantity of scrapings before the same shall be weighed by the officer, shall mix therewith any starch of the same, or any other making, or any flour, meal, or other material whatever, or wilfully cause any water, or other liquid, to be put to such scrapings, or by any means whatever cause the said scrapings to be increased in weight, such starch maker shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

XL. And whereas it may happen that the paper wherein any piece of starch shall he contained, after the same has been stamped as aforesaid, may, in thejiove or other drying place, or by taking from thefiove or other drying place, or otherwise by accident, be broken or damaged so as to be unfit for Jale \ it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That when the paper wherein any piece of starch shall Damaged be contained, shall by aoy accident be broken or damaged, and be replaced by the starch maker, to whom the same belongs, shall be desirous the officer. 1 of having the same repapered and restamped, such starch maker shall give to the said officer for the said duties, in the division or district in which his, her, or their starch house shall be situated, twelve hours notice in writing, if such starch house shall be situated within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, or if such starch house shall be situated in any other part of Great Britain, twenty-four hours notice in writing, that such starch maker desires to have such piece or pieces of starch repapered and restamped; and thereupon it shall be lawful for such officer, being satisfied that such piece or pieces of starch had before been duly damped, and that the paper or papers containing the same had been broken or damaged by accident, as soon as is convenient after the expiration of such twelve hours or twenty-four hours respectively, to restamp such piece or pieces of starch, the same being repapered and tied, and such label or piece of thin paper as aforesaid being affixed or pasted thereon in manner herein before directed.

XII. And, to the end that starch made in Great Britain, and charged with the duties on starch before the commencement of this act?, may not be improperly seized, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the respective of for the duties

P p 4 or

A

Starch in hand to be stamped, if application be made to the commissioners within three months aftet commencement of this act.

In tfyree months after June 4, i, all unstamped dardh above lb. feteable, and the owner to forfeit 103. per lb.

Not to extend to starch made into hair powder,

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. '[1786.

on starch shall, on or before the said twenty fourth day of yaw, pne thousand seven hundred and eighty six, provide proper stamps or seals for damping or sealing all 'flock of starch in the hands of any. starch maker, ?nd shall at all times, within three months, from the commencement of this at, at the request and desire of any such starch maker, order and direct the proper officer for the said duties to stamp or seal every piece of starch made in Greafr Britain, and charged with the said duties before the commencement of this act, and then remaining in the possession of such starph maker, with such mark, impression, stamp, or device as to such respective of shall appear moult proper for that purpose, such pieces of starch being papered and tied with firings, and such label or piece of thin paper being affixed or pasted thereon, in manner herein before directed, by the starch maker who shall desire the same to be so marked or stamped, and oath being made by such starch maker, or his, her, or their chief workman, that all such starch was made in Great Britain before the commencement of this act, and that the duties have been duly charged thereon; which oath the fqrveyor or supervisor of the division or district within which the starch house belonging to such starch maker is situated, is hereby authorised and required to administer; and all starch, so marked and stamped in pursuance of such orders and directions, shall and may be removed, sold, and disposed of, as if the same had been made fiince the commencement of this act, and the directions of this act fully complied with.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the end of three months after the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, all starch not being stamped as by this act is directed, and all loose starch exceeding the quantity of twenty-eight pounds weight, and all scrapings of starch which shall be found in the possession of any starch maker, or of any other person, for the ipse of such maker or dealer, or that shall be found removing or removed by land or by water, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer for the said duties, together with the chest, cask, sack, or other package containing the same, and the boat or vessel, horses or other cattle, wagon, cart, or other carriage, made use of in removing the same; and the starch maker or deal er in starch, or other person receiving starch to the use of such starch maker or dealer, in whose possession any such unstamped starch, or any such loose starch, exceeding the quantity of twenty-eight pounds weight, or such scrapings of starch, shall, after the end of the said three months after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, be found, shall forfeit the sum of ten Shillings for every pound weight of such unstamped starch, or of such scrapings, or for every pound weight exceeding twenty-eight pounds weight of such loose starch: provided that nothing herein contained shall extend tq starch made into hair powder, or to any quantity of starch taken put of the papers in the possession of any hair powder maker or

in

5^5

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 51.'

in the possession of any blue maker, or to any quantity of (larch taken but of the papers, not exceeding twenty-eight pounds weight, in the possession of any dealer in or seller of starch, nor to the returns from the sieves, that may be in the possession of any makers of hair powder,

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time forge or coun Persons forg terfeit any (lamp or seal, to resemble any stamp or seal which shall be provided in pursuance of this act for stamping or seal f^onyj ing starch made and papered in Great Britain after the commencement of this act, or the flock of starch in the hands of any starch maker, or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same upon the papers containing starch as aforesaid, thereby to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of the duties upon starch, then every person so offending, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy; and if any and persons person or persons shall at any time sell any starch with any such forged or counterfeit stamp or seal, or impression thereon, know 0 ei  ing the same to be forged and counterfeited, and with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or shall knowingly six, or cause to be fixed, any paper, stamped according to this act, to any piece of (larch, other than that which was originally enclosed in such paper, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds.

XV. And whereas, by the aforesaid act, made in the nineteenth

year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the better Recital of a securing the duties on starch, alljlarch makers are required to give 19 Geo. 3. such notices as in the said at are mentioned, before they begin to empty C 40# or wash out their vats, and before they begin to take off the flitnes or was) from the four waters; but there is not any time limited within which such f arch makers shall finish the emptying or washing out their vats, or the taking off the flimes or wash from the four waters: and whereas there is not any time limited therein for Jhifting the four waters or green waters, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of Vats to be June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, every maker emptied in 4$ of (larch, after he shall have begun to empty or wash out his foj^aters vat or vats, agreeably to the notice by the said act required, shall lifted in X proceed and continue to empty or wash out such vat or vats, hours, after until the whole of such vat or vats shall be emptied or walled beginning put, vyithout leaving off, except for the space of one night; and pe every such starch maker shall finish emptying or washing out naity of such vat or vats, within the space of forty-eight hours, from the time of beginning to empty or wash out the same; and every starch maker, after he shall have begun to take off the (limes or wash from the four waters, agreeably to the notice by the said ail required, shall proceed and continue to shift the said four waters until the whole is finished, and shall finish the (lifting the said four waters within the space of twelve hours from the

time

d by

to remain vndilturbed4 hours, after (lifting the four haters; of which Shifting a decla

Baity of 100i for offence in cither particular.

566 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. r.

[1786.

time of beginning to take off the said dimes or wash; and every starch maker who shall not finifti the emptying or waftiing out his, her, or their vat or vats, within the space of forty-eight hours from the time of beginning the same, or shall ndt finifti the (hiding the said four waters within the space of twelve hours, from the time of beginning to take off the said (limes or wah, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, er5fottfter8 That when any starch maker shall have finiftied the taking off

tjjc fljmes an(j wah from four waters, and the green waters shall be put into the frames, tubs, or other utensils, used for preparing and making the same into starch, the said green waters shall remain unmoved and undisturbed in the same frames, tubs, or other utensils, for the space of twenty-four hours at the lead

w from the time the (lifting of the four waters shall have been

tation is to be finiftied; and the said green waters shall not, during the said made, on pe space of twenty-four hours, be moved or disturbed in the said frames, tubs, or utensils: and that the officers for the duties upon starch may be able to ascertain when the said green waters were so put into the said frames, tubs, or other utensils, aftef the (lifting of the four waters had been finiftied as aforesaid, every maker of starch shall give, or cause to be given, to the officer for the said duties under whose fyrvey such maker of starch shall then be, a declaration in writing, specifying therein the particular hour or time of the day when such maker of starch did finifti (lifting the four waters; and if any maker of starch shall, after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, neglect to deliver such declaration last aforesaid, or shall move or disturb the green waters during the space of twenty-four hours after the (lifting the four waters shall have been finiftied, agreeably to such declaration last aforesaid, then every such maker of starch shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XVII. And, the better to prevent any frauds by the secreting or concealing of starch, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any officer or officers for the duties upon starch shall at

________ any time miss any quantity of starch, or materials for making

while making, starch, of which an account had been taken by gauge while the is missed, the same was in the green waters and in the (limes respectively, and before the said starch shall have been put into the boxes, and shall not, upon reasonable demand, receive satisfaction what is become of the same, then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful for such officer or officers to charge the maker of such starch according to the gauge or gauges taken of the same in the green waters, together with the (limes, and every such maker shall pay the duty so charged

XVIII. And whereof by the said act, made in the nineteenth year of his present Majestfs reign, it is enabled, That if any maker of starch should, at any time whilst his farch is in operation and under water, mix, or cause to be mixed, any of the Jlarch waters of one making with

tbofi

If starch, of which a gauge has been taken

duty on it to be charged according to that gauge.

xy86.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 51. 567

those of another making, 'every such maker ofjlarch shall forfeit and Ufa for every such offence one hundred pounds, except such mixing be made in presence of an officer for the duties on (larch: and whereas the mixing the Jlarch waters of one making with those of another making, although in the presence of an officer, is found to be inconvenient in afmueh as the officer is thereby prevented having an exact gauge of the Jlarch during its operation in the frames; to prevent the same for the future, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and The starch after the said twenty-fourth day of June, ones thousand seven hundred and eighty six, if any maker of starch shall, whilst his [n^not to e starch is in operation and under water, mix or cause to be mix mixed, on peed any of the starch waters of one making with those of another nalty of rool; making, every such starch maker shall forfeit and lose the fuifi of one hundred pounds: provided nevertheless, that (limes but dimes which shall have been entered on the officers books as dimes, ma? b<rmixed for the space of twenty-four hours, may be mixed in the pre au officer  fence of the officer for the duties on starch, and not otherwise.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any starch maker shall be desirous of removing his, Starch not to her, or their starch, after the same shall be dried from the bjf removed stove, every such starch maker shall give to the officer for the said duties of the division or district where his, her, or their out giving starch house is situated, twelve hours notice in writing, if such notice, on pe starch house is situated within the limits of the chief office of naity ofaool excise in London, or if such starch house is situated in any other part of Great Britain, twenty-four hours notice in writing of the particular time and hour when he, she, or they intend to begin to remove his, her, or their starch, after the same shall be dried from the stove; and in case such starch maker shall not begin to remove the starch from the stove, at the time and hour mentioned in such notice, or within one hour next after, then every such notice shall be void, and such starch maker shall be obliged to give a frefti and like notice in writing before he, she, or they shall begin to remove his, her, or their starch, after the same shall be dried from the stove; and if any starch maker shall begin to remove his, her, or their starch, after the same shall be dried from the stove, without giving such notice as aforesaid, he, she, or they so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose two hundred pounds.

XX. And whereas by the said afi made in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, (entitled, An act for the better secur Recital of aft ing the duties on starch), it is enabled, That no person or persons 19 Geo. 3. C whatsoever, residing within the limits of the head office of excise in 4*

London, shall be permitted to make entry of any workhouse or place for the making of Jlarch, as required by the Statutes in that case already made and provided, unless such person or persons hail occupy a tenement or tenements of the yearly value of ten pounds or upwards and for which he, he, or they shall accordingly be affieffed in their own name, and ball also pay to the parish rates; and that no person or persons njbatsoever residing in any other parts of the kingdom where there are rates to chyreb and poor shall be permitted to make

my

568 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 5r. [ 1js6.

any such entry, unless such person or persons shall be assessed and pay to church and poor in the several parishes and places in which they respectively reside: and whereas diverse evil minded and indigent persons have made entries of workhouses, or places for the making of Jiarch^ in places where there are not" rates to church and poor, and such evil minded and indigent persons do frequently commit many gross frauds against the revenue; for remedy thereof, \ be it further. No entry to enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thar, from and after the be allowed (in fajj twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred except topper anc e*8hty six, no person or persons whatever residing in any fonsaffefledto part of the kingdom out of the limits of the head office of ex the duties cife in London, and in any places where there are not rates to

granted by church and poor, shall be permitted to make entry of any

workhouse, or place for the making of starch, unless such person or persons shall be assessed in his, her, or their own name, and pay in the several parishes and places in which such workhouse or place for the making of starch shall be situated, to the rates and duties on houses, windows, and lights, granted by an act made in the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, inti ad 6 Geo. 3. tuled. An act for repealing the several duties upon houses, windows, C 38; and by and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other duties upon houses, windows, and lights); and unless such person or persons shall also be assessed in his, her, or their own name, and pay in the several parishes and places in which such workhouse or place for the making of starch shall be situated, to the rates and duties upon inhabited houses, granted by an act made in the nine teenth year of his pre 19 Geo. 3. sent majesty's reign, (entitled, An act for repealing the duties on all C inhabited houses, imposed by an act made in the la ft session of parliament,

and for granting to his Majesty other duties upon all inhabited houses in Great Britain, and for amending the said act \ and also for amending so much of an act, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as imposes a duty upon all servants retained cr employed in the several capacities therein mentioned), or by any other act or acts of parliament now in force; and that no entry of any workhouse or place for making of starch, already made, or to be made, as required by the Statutes in that case made and provided, in any place out of the limits of the head office of excise in London, and where there are not rates to chufch and poor, shall be of any avail to any person or persons not so qualified, or for any longer time than the person or persons so Persons make making entry shall be qualified as aforesaid; every person ing entries, making starch, not qualified as aforesaid, shall, notwithstanding jhfedhabie^o an? entry him, her, or them made, be deemed and taken to the penalties persons making starch without entry, and shall be subject to of making the like penalties and forfeitures as persons making starch with

starch without out entry are by the Statutes in such case made and provided ent, T now subject unto,

XXI. And whereas great quantities of starch are used in the make ing off one blue, and some evil minded persons, being makers of stone blue, do in a private and clandefine manner make farch, or otherwise manufacture meal or four for the purpose of making f one blu#.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii I. IT. C 51*

and thereby evade the payment of the duties upon ft arch, to the great loss of the revenues and the injury of the fair trade; which mischiefs might, in great measure, be prevented, if the makers of Jione blue were obliged to make entries of the places used by them for making or for keeping Jione blue, or materials for making the same, and if the officers of excise were authorised to inspect such places; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, on or be Makers of fore^the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hun ftoneblueto dred and eighty six, all and every person or persons, who now ^theirwos is or are, or shall then be a maker or makers of done blue for houses, con sale, shall make a true entry in writing of his, her, or their penalty of jot names, and place or places of abode, together with all and every the workhouse or workhouses, and all and every other place or places whatever that shall be made use of by such person or persons for the making of (lone blue, or for keeping done blue, or materials for making done blue, at the chief office of excise in London, if such person or persons now carry on, or shall then carry on, the business of making (lone blue for sale within the limits of the said chief office; or if such person or persons now carry on, or shall then carry on, the said business in any other part of Great Britain, then at the office of excise next to the place where he, (lie, or they now carry on, or shall then carry on, the said business; and all and every person or persons who, after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, shall become a maker or makers of (tone blue for sale, shall, before he, (he, or, they shall begin to make or manufacture (tone blue, make a true entry in writing of his, her, or their respective place or places of abode, together with all and every the workhouse or workhouses, and all and every other place or places whatever that shall be made use of by such person or persons for the making of, or for keeping (tone blue, or materials for making (tone blue, at the chief office of excise in London, if such person or persons shall carry on the said business within the limits of the said chief office, or if such person or persons shall carry on the said business in any other part of Great Britain, then at the office of excise next to the place where such person or persons flail carry on the said business, on pain of forfeiting and paying the sum of fifty pounds,

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any officer or officers of Officers may

excise, or of the duties upon (larch, at all times by day, at his bfue'tnd take

or their request, to enter the house or houses, workhouse or samples there

workhouses, and all and every other place or places whatever of, paying for

belonging to, or that shall be made use of by any maker or the same

makers of done blue for sale, for the making of (lone blue, or

for keeping (lone blue, or materials for making done blue, and

there to examine all and every parcel or parcels of done blue,

and to take and carry away any sample or parcel of the same,

paying a reasonable price'for the same, according to the price

that done blue shall then commonly bear and be sold for,

fro

No stone blue to be made from materials that have not paid duty, on forfeiture thereof, and also iool.

Unstamped starch in possession of stone blue makers, C to be forfeited, and the owner fined ros. per pound weight.

and if more than i81b. be found in an unentered place, to be forfeited, and a fine of 50l. Persons refusing officers samples of stone blue, paying for the same, forfeit jol,

Persons molesting officers in the execu*

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 51* [i 7#fv

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That no maker or makers of stone blue for sale, shall begin to make or manufacture, or cause of procure to be begun to be made or manufactured, any stone blue from any flour, meal, or other ingredients, or materials what foe ver, (other than the materials or ingredients for colouring the same except starch, for which all the duties due or payable in respect thereof have been first charged, on pain of forfeiting, for efery such offence, alt such stone blue, flour, meal, and other ingredients and materials whatsoever (other than the materials or ingredients for colouring such stone blue), together with the boxes, tubs, and vessels whatsoever containing the same, and also the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, after the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, any such maker of stone blue for sale, or maker of hair powder for sale, shall receive into his, her, or their possession, any starch in papers not damped as aforesaid, or any loose starch, or any scrapings of starch, he, she, or they so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of ten Shillings for every pound weight of starch so received in papers not damped as aforesaid, or of such loose starch or scrapings of starch; and all such starch in papers not damped as aforesaid, or loose starch, or scrapings of starch, that shall be foi received, or brought into the ponession of such maker of stone blue, or maker of hair powder, shall be forfeited, and may be feifced by any officer of excise, or of the said duties, anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and if any such maker of stone blue, or maker of hair powder, shall keep any starch above the quantity of twenty-eight pounds in any unentered place, the same shall be forfeited, and such maker of stone blue, or maker of hair powder, shall also forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any maker of stone blue for sale, upon request or demand made by any such officer or officers, as aforesaid, in the daytime, shall refuse to permit, or shall not permit such officer or officers, to enter and go into all and every the workhouse or workhouses, or all and every other place or places whatever belonging to, or that shall be made use of by him, her, or them, for the making of stone blue, or for the keeping stone blue, or any materials Tor making stone blue, or shall not permit such officer or officers to examine, and to take and carry away with him or them any parcel or sample of stone blue, upon his or their offering to pay for the same the price that stone blue shall then commonly bear and be sold for; every such maker of stone blue shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person whatever shall assault, oppose, molest, or hin <jer any officer or officers of excise, or for the duties on starch,

9 II

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. 571

in the due execution of any of the powers and authorities given ticm of their and granted by this act, all and every the party or parties so duty, forfeit offending shall, for every such offence respectively, forfeit and L lote the sura of fifty pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act, Howpenaltiea shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, are to be redo means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, may nro^riatwi3^ be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws P P of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively 5 and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced Limitation of against any person or persons for anything by him, her, or actions. them, done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county, and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit may plead the general issue. General issue* and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdict shall pais for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them. Treble cofu* against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LII.

An act for the more effectually preventing the fraudulent removal of tobacco, and for the ease of the fair trader; for discontinuing the discount upon payment on bonds before due, and establishing the duty to be paid upon tobacco of the growth of the British plantations, and the united fates of America.

WHEREAS the several provifms for preventing the frauds preamble.

lent removal of tobacco by land or water contained in an act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty,

(entitled, An act for the better securing the duties payable on Recital of 2$ tobacco), have commencement from the first day of January, one Geo. 3. C thousand seven hundred and eighty six, notwithstanding which provi jions, such tobacco as was imported before that time hath been or may be removed by land or water, otherwise than as by the said act is directed, inasmuch as the same having been imported before that time cannot be subject to the regulations prescribed by the said act: and whereas the continuance of this liberty may encourage the importers or possessors of uncujiomed tobacco to pretend that the same was imported before the said first day of January, one thousand, fey en hundred and eighty

572 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. i

tight? six, that pretence, tobacco inerted since that time

and tobacco stalks stripped, and fnujf tnanufawured therefrom, may be removed otherwise than by the J said act is directed, to the great prejudice both of the public revenue and of the fair trader: and whereas it is expedient that all such tobacco as shall have been lawfully imported, and was flock in hand before that time, Should be subject and liable to all and every the several and respective rules, regulations, and restrictions, directed and contained in the said herein be fore recited act; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and corifent of the lords? spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia jjnea4, ment assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from baccc>a&c?" anc ater twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hun thoughim dred and eighty six, no tobacco which shall have been imported ported prior into Great Britain before the said first day of January, one thousand rhfn*i, Ih8^ seven hundred and eighty six, nor any tobacco stalks stripped, reeutetioi^of nor manufactured from tobacco 16 imported, shall be re the recited moved, carried, or conveyed, either by land or by water, in any suft. other manner than as is directed by the said recited acct 5 and the same shall, in every respect, be under and subject to the several rules, regulations, oaths, and restrictions directed and contained in the said act; and that all and each and every the fines, penalties, and forfeitures, inflicted and incurred by the said recited act, on the removal of tobacco imported since the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, or tobacco stalks dripped, or snuff manufactured from tobacco so imported, contrary to the said recited act, and the several rewards and distributions therein directed, shall extend, and be construed to extend, to all intents and purposes, to the removal of tobacco which shall have been imported into this kingdom, previous to the said first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and to tobacco stalks dripped, and snuff manufactured from tobacco so imported.

II. And whereas, in and by the said recited act, it is provided. That if any importer or proprietor of tobacco, who hath given security for the payment of the duties in eighteen months, shall be desirous to discharge his bond or bonds, or any part thereof, in ready money, sooner than the expiration of the said eighteen months, so much shall be abated upon such bond or bonds as the discount, at the rate of seven pounds per centum per annum, shall amount to, in proportion to the time unexpired: and whereas it is expedient that the said discount Should be discontinued: be it therefore enacted by the authority nhdishuntfl aforefe^> That so much of the said recited act as provides, that on discharge^port^r or proprietor of tobacco, that hath given fecu of security rity as aforesaid, for the payment of the duties in eighteen

bonds. months, shall be desirous to discharge his bond or bonds, or

any part thereof, in ready money, sooner than the expiration of the said eighteen months, he shall be abated upon such bond or bonds so much as the discount, at the rate of seven pounds per centum per annum, shall amount to, in proportion to the time unexpired, shall be, nd is hereby repealed,

\  III And

1786.] Anno vicesirrro sexto gfedrgiliii. C 52. 573

III andwhereawtobacco of the growth of the hx\\\fh, colonies or plantations in America, or of the growth of the united fates of America, imported previous to the first day of January, one thousand J'even hundred and eighty six, is subject to the payment of the duty of fifteen pence, and two hundred and thirty-nine two hundred and fortieth parts of a penny, per pound weight, in case the duties are not paid down in ready money at the time of the entry of such tobacco, but the same are fcciired by bond, and the importers thereof are in titled to a discount after the rate of seven pounds per centum per annum, on the amount of certain of the said duties for the time unexpired in the bonds given for payment thereof: and whereas it would be et great hardship upon the importers of such tobacco, if they ivere

to pay such duties, be it therefore further enacted, That no to American tobacco imported previous to the first day of January, one thou ed^riorto^" land seven hundred and eighty six, and for which bond shall have been given for securing the duties payable thereupon, and remaining in which is now remaining unsold in the warehouse under the the king5a king's locks, shall be subject or liable to pay more than the to

duty of one shilling and twopence, and seventy nirte eightieth and 8oth3 parts of a penny, for every pound weight of the same, accord of id. per lb. ing to the weights of such tobacco, taken by the proper officers duty, of the customs on landing of the same at the importation thereof.

IV. Provided always, That the importer or importers of such Nodiscountto tobacco, Upon paying up the said duty of one shilling and two he allowed^on pence, and seventy nine eightieth parts of a penny, per pound the foid'duty. weight, shall not be intitled.to any discount whatsoever.

V Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall ex Duties to be tend, or be construed to extend, to, alter in any respect the appropriated manner of appropriating the duties upon such tobacco; and as ere 0 ore that the present duties of one shilling and twopence, and seventy nine eightieth parts of a penny, per pound weight, shall be appropriated in the same manner, and to the same branches to which such duties were applicable before the making of this at.

VI. And whereas tobacco, after having undergone certain kinds of

manufacture, becomes known by the respective names of Carrot or Roll, Pigtail or Twisted Tobacco, and, from the nature of the manufacture, necessarily imbibes and retains a quantity of water or other ingredients, whereby the weight becomes conpderably increased, and the revenue materially injured, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, upon the examination by the proper officer Roll tobacco Or officers of the customs, any carrot or roll tobacco, entered for exporta for exportation, shall be found to contain of water, or any in gredients other than tobacco, more than twelve pounds for tufe of more every one hundred pounds weight; or if any pigtail or twisted than ialb. and tobacco entered as aforesaid, shall be found to contain of water, twisted to or any ingredients other than tobacco, more than ten pounds or

for every one hundred pounds weight, all such tobacco shall be cwt!#0 ^pw forfeited. forfeited.

VII. And whereas there is a species of manufactured tobacco,

Vol. XXXV q.q known

Cut tobacco for exportation, containing more than 1-5th part (talk, forfeited.

How disputes relative to the mixture of tobacco, See. are to be determined.

Tobacco from his majesty's colonies in America, or the united dates, liable to the same

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 52. [1786.

"known by he name of Cut Tobacco, which aught not to contain a. greater weight ofjialk in proportion to the leaf than that of one pound offolk tofour pounds of leaf \ which, in the naturaljiate of tobacco, before it is so manufactured, is the usual proportion, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, upon the examination by the proper officer or officers of the customs, any cut tobacco entered for exportation shall be found to contain of stalk; more than the said proportion, all such cut tobacco shall be forfeited.

Vill. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any carrot or roll tobacco, or pigtail or twisted tobacco, shall be seized as containing more than the due proportion of water, or any ingredients other than tobacco, dr if any cut tobacco shall be seized as containing more than the due proportion of stalk, and the proprietor or proprietors of such tobacco respectively, or his or their agent, shall deny that the carrot or roll tobacco, or the pigtail or twisted tobacco seized, do reflectively contain more than the due proportion of water, or any ingredients other than tobacco, or that the cut tobacco does contain more than the due proportion of stalk, then, and in such case, the matter in dispute shall he referred to the determination of two indifferent persons, one of whom shall be named by the officer or officers who shall have seized the same, and the other by the said proprietor or proprietors, or his or their agent; and in case the two persons so nominated shall not agree, it shall and may be lawful for the said two persons to nominate a third person, who shall finally determine the matter in controversy: provided always, that such feferrence shall be made within the space of three days from the day of seizure; and that if at the end of the third day the referrees, nominated as aforesaid, shall not have decided, it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of the customs in England, or any four of more of them, or the commissioners of the customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them, respectively, or for the collector and comptroller, in any of the out ports, as the case may be, to appoint an arbitrator, who shall finally determine the matter in dispute.

IX. And whereas there is a difference at this time existing in the moneys payable upon the importation of tobacco of the growth or production of his Majests colonies, plantations, islands, or territories in America j or of the growth or production of the united Jlates of America; that is to say, Whether the duties are paid down in ready money, or whether they are secured by bond: and whereas it is expedient that such difference should be abolished, and that the moneys to be paid in future ball, in all cases, be in amount the same as the duties which would be due and payable in case the importer or proprietor had not secured the same by bond, but had paid down the duties in ready money; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, the moneys to be paid upon the importation into Great Britain, of tobacco of the growth of his majesty's colonies, plantations, islands, or territories in America,

or

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 53. 575

or of the growth or production of the united dates of America, duty, whether

whether the duties shall be paid down in ready money at the

time of importation or whether the same shall be secured by securecfby0

bond, as is now by law allowed, shall and are hereby directed bond.

to be the same which are now due and payable in the case of

an importer or proprietor of tobacco paying the duties down in

ready money at the time of the importation thereof, and not

securing the same by bond; any law, custom, or usage to the 1

contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

That no discount shall be paid or allowed, nor any allowance No discount

whatever shall be made to any person or persons whatever, to a*!owed

C r r J r r !/ - on bonus, en

upon payment of any lum or sums of money in dischargeot any tere(j into unbond or bonds already given or entered into in pursuance of der recited the said herein before recited act, or any other act or acts of act, unless^in parliament now in force, or which shall be hereafter given or entered into, in pursuance of the said herein before recited act, tobacco is re before the said twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven moved; hundred and eighty six, unless the person or persons so paying the same shall, within twenty days after he or they shall have so paid the same, take the tobacco for which he or they shall have so paid such sum or sums of money out of the warehouse or warehouses belonging to his Majesty, wherein such tobacco shall have been lodged or deposited.

CAP. LIII.

An act to continue several laws relating to the giving further encouragement to the importation of naval stores from the Britishh colonies iri America; to the allowance upon the exportation of British made gunpowder; to the further encouraging the manufacture of British sail cloth; and to the duties payable on foreign sail cloth; to the granting liberty to carry sugars of the growth, produce, or manufacture of any of his maielty's sugar colonies, directly to foreign parts, in ships built, in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; to the importing salt from Europe into the province of Quebec in America; to the discontinuing the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs lard, and grcafe; to the permitting the free importation of raw goat skins into this kingdom; to the repealing the duties upon pot and pearl ashes, wood and weed allies, imported into Great Britain; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; to the registering the prices at which corn is sold in the several counties of Great Britain, and the quantity exported and imported; and to the effectually encouraging the manufactures of flax and cotton in Great Britain; and to revivs and continue several laws relating to the allowing a drawback of the duties on rum, shipped as (lores, to be consumed on board merchant ships on their voyages; and to the granting a bounty upon the importation of hemp and rough and undressed flax from his majesty's colonies in America.

So much of 8 Geo. 3. c. 12. as relates to the importation of wood, timber, and lumber, from America, further continued until Sept. 29, 1792, etc. Act Geo. a. C 29. as to gunpowder, further continued until Sept. 19, 1791. Act 9 Geo. 2. c. 37. as to sail cloth, further continued until Sept. 29, 1792. Act 12 Geo. 2. c. 30. as to sugar, further continued until Sept. 29, 1792. Act Geo. 3. c. 19. further continued until June 24, 1790. Act 7 Geo. 3. c. 12. as to tallow, etc. further continued, wntii March 25, 2788. Act ij Geo. 3. c. 3$. as to goat skins, further

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 54  56. [1786.

continued until June 20, 1790. Act 20 Geo. 3. c. 3$. as to pot and pearl allies, further continued until May 31, 1789. Act io Geo. 3. c. 39. as to corn, further continued for seven years from its expiration. Act 33 Geo. 3. c. 77. as to flax and cotton manufactured in Great Britain, further continued for two years. So much of act 19 Geo. 3. C *. as relates to a drawback on rums shipt as stores for merchant ships, revived, 1 and further continued until April 1, 1788. Act. 4 Geo. 3. c. 26. as to hemp and flax imported, revived, and further continued until June 24* 1806.

CAP. LIV.

An act for continuing the salaries and profits of the of, clerks, and other officers of the (lamp office rateable to the land tax, in Shire Lane Ward, within the division of Saint Clement Danes and Saint Mary le Strand, in the liberty of Westminster, notwithstanding the said office Should be removed into any other division or place.

Act of present session, C 3. recited. Commissioners, clerks, and other officers of the stamp duties to be afiefled on the said act to the land tax for their salaries, and other profits of their places in Shire Lane Ward, though the office be removed, so that the proportion afiefled in St. Clement Danes and St. Mary le Strand in 1785, be again afiefled thereon, and so as any other division to which the said office may be removed, be not charged with a greater proportion, in respect of the said salaries and profits, than it was in 1785. Out of such assessment one fourth part to be paid to the collectors of the district to which the office shall be removed, and also the whole of the land tax for all additional of, clerks, and other additional officers of the said duties, created since Dec. 25.1785, or which may hereafter be created, to be applied in aid of the assessment laid on such division, C To be a public act.

CAP. LV.

An act to enable the justices of the peace for the county of Middlesex to raise money, in manner therein mentioned, for erecting a house of correction within the said county.

Justices may raise money for purchasing ground, and erecting a proper. and commodious house of correction thereon, with necessary conveni encies, by granting annuities for lives, with or without benefit of survivorship, out of the county rates. Annuities charged upon the county rates. Grants may be transferred. The money received for the purchase of annuities, to be applied in paying for ground, and erecting buildings thereon, for the purpose aforesaid; and sitting up and furnish ing the same, and the overplus to be applied in payment of the said annuities. The justices to lay a sufficient rate for the purposes of the county, and also for paying the annuities. Justices to appoint a treasurer, and to take security from him. Accounts to be kept of the receipts, and disbursements. The justices may sell, let out, or otherwise dispose of all or any part of the quakers' ground (adjoining to the present house bf correction) and also the present house of correction, and the fcite thereof, and the premises belonging thereto, and also of any ground purchased for the same, which hall not be used for the same, or for the yards, outlets, and airing places belonging thereto. Saving to the justices the powers given by any former acts. Tb be a public act.

CAP. LVI.

an act for obliging overseers of the poor to male upon oath,

to certain questions specified, to the state of the poor.

[Preamble.]

X / the great and of maintaining

V and providing for the that part of Great Britain

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 56. 77

tain called England, and the continual distresses of the poor not with standing, make it highly expedient for the legislature to take that subject into their mofe serious confederation: and whereas information of the state of the poo7\ and the nature of those expenses, may be necessary to he procured, in order to enable parliament to judge of proper remedies to redress those grievances; but it is apprehendedfeuch information cannot be effectually obtained without the aid and authority of parliament; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That a sufficient number of Printedcopiea printed copies of this act, and also of the schedule hereunto an of this act to nexed, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing^hereof, be transmitted by George White esquire, one of the clerks of the peace of the house of commons, to the clerks of the peace of the feve to be distri ral and respective counties, ridings, divisions, precincts, fokes, butedamongst franchises, liberties, cities, and towns corporate, in England and the justices, Wales; and that the said several clerks of the peace shall, and etc? they are hereby required, with all convenient speed, to cause the said act to be distributed among the adding justices of the peace within their respective limits, and also to cause a sufficient number of the schedule to this act annexed to be delivered to the high constable, or other proper officer who hath the execution of precepts from justices of the peace, within their respective limits, at the Midsummer quarter sessions of the peace, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and also to the town clerks, or other proper officers, of every city, borough, town corporate, or place, in which quarter sessions of the peace are usually held, situate in the county, riding, division, city, liberty, soke, franchise, town corporate, or place, for which the said clerks of the peace, or town clerks, shall respectively act; and the said Returns made clerks of the peace shall also receive the answers and returns by the over made by the overseers of the poor, pursuant to the directions leers to be herein after given, and transmit the same to the clerk of the theclerkoftq parliaments with all convenient speed, in order that the same the parlia may be inspected by parliament, upon pain of forfeiting, for ments. every neglect and default, a sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds, at the discretiorv of the justice or justices before whom complaint thereof shall be made.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several justices of the justices toap peace, within their respective jurisdictions in England and Wales, point a meet shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the said Midsummer in of oyer' quarter session in the year one thousand seven hundred and [h^mmfum61^ eighty six appoint a time and place, or times and places, which mer session* or times shall be on or before the twentieth day of Otto and Oct. 20, her, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, for the over 1786, to give seers of the poor of the several parishes, and also of the several ^creturns* townships and places which maintain their poor separately and C fuftipdtly from the parish at large within their respective juris

clq I didtions*

Arffco vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 56. [1786.

diflions, to attend them at such meeting or meetings for the purposes of this acv, with returns and answers to the questions Rated in the schedule to this act annexed; and two or more of the said justices shall, and they are hereby required to cause notice thereof to be given to such overseers respectively, and also to the high constables, and, where there are no high constables, to such other proper officers who have the execution of precepts from justices of the peace to inferior officers, within such re spedhve jurisdictions, requiring their attendance at such meetings for the purposes of this ah

III. And be it further enacted, That the said justices of the Justices, at the peace shall and they are hereby authorised and required, at such receivcfthe meet'ng or meetings so to be appointed by them as aforesaid, to returns, etc. receive and take the answers and returns to be made by the andadrrfnifter overseers of the poor, pursuant to the directions aforesaid, and an oath to the then and there administer to them respectively the oath con o veneers, etc. tained in the said schedule; and such justices, if they see cause,

may examine such overseers upon oath, touching any of the matters contained in such questions and answers, and call for the accounts of the overseers of the poor for each of the three preceding years, if they shall see fit, in order to explain and verify the said accounts as shall be then made; and the said justices shall then deliver such answers and returns to the respective high constables r other proper officers as aforesaid, in order that the same may be by them transmitted to the clerks of the peace or town clerks, as herein is directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said high constables,

or other proper officers within the respective jurisdictions aforesaid, shall, at the Midsummer quarter sessions, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, pursuant to the directions aforesaid, receive from the said clerks of the peace or town clerks the said printed schedules, and deliver, or cause to be delivered, one such schedule to one of the overseers of the poor of (every parish, township, or place, as well within towns corporate as without, within their respective limits, and, when required by the respective justices of the peace as aforesaid, attend the said respective meetings, and then and there receive the several answers and returns made by the overseers of the poor, and endorse upon the back of each of them the name of the hundred, rape, Wapentake, lathe, precinct, soke, franchise, liberty, city, or town corporate, wherein the said parish, township, or place, therein mentioned, is situate, and transmit the same, together with a true and perfect list of the names of the overseers of the poor of every parish, township, and place, to whom such schedule had been delivered as aforesaid, to the several clerks of the peace and town clerks, at the then next Michaelmas quarter sessions of the peace, or adjournment thereof, (which adjournment the justices at such quarter sessions are required to make to some convenient day, within seven days after the said twentieth day of October^ in cases where such returns shall not be made at the Michaelmas quarter sessions); upon pain of forfeiture, for every' default

Duty of the high confta bie prescrib ed.

Penalty for neglect.

579

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 56.

default and neglect in the matters aforesaid, a Turn not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds, at the discretion. of the justice or justices of the peace before whom complaint thereof shall be made.

V. And be it further enacted, That the overseers of the poor Overseers to of every such parish, township, and place, shall, and are hereby deliver in required to attend the justices of the peace at such meeting or ^th^a return meetings, and then and there deliver to the said justices, signed to the justices, by them, a just and true answer and return to the said questions, etc.

upon oath, as before directed, and at the same time produce to the said justices the assessments under which the money was collected, and the accounts of all the expenses respecting the poor for each of the years for which such returns are to be made, for their inspecftion and examination; and that every overseer, making default in any of the matters hereby required, shall, for every such neglect and default, forfeit a sum not exceeding ten Penalty on pounds, nor less than five pounds, at the discretion of the justice neglect or justices, before whom complaint thereof shall be made: and, Overseers to in order to enable the said overseers to make answers and returns take copies of as aforesaid, they are; hereby authorised and empowered to call qfc^cedins for, inspecft, and take copies of the accounts of the overseers, overseers.ins for each of the said years, or so much thereof as shall be necessary, in whose hands soever they shall happen to be; and every person or persons, in whose custody or power every such account or accounts shall be, shall, and are hereby required to produce and deliver such respective accounts to the said overseers, for the purposes aforesaid, upon pain of forfeiting, for Penalty on re every default or neglect in the premises, a sum not exceeding ten fusing to depounds, or less than five pounds, at the discretion of the justice acor

justices before whom complaint thereof shall be made.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any overseer, or per Persons make son required to make any such return or returns as aforesaid, ingfalfere shall conceal any matter or matters, directed to be inquired into turns, to forby the said schedule, or shall knowingly or wilfully make a el 5*false or imperfecft return, every such overseer, or person so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, in the counties palatine of Lancaster, Chester, and Durham, or the great sessions in the principality of Wales.

VII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid Fees to be aland allowed, for the trouble and expenses of the several persons lowedforeaclj employed in the transactions aforesaid, for every return which return>viz* shall be so made and transmitted to the clerks of the peace and

town clerks respectively, pursuant to the directions aforesaid, the sums following, and no more videlicet:

To the clerk of the peace, or town clerk, for the return which To the clerk shall be made from every parish, township, and place, the sum of the peace, of one shilling;

q.q 4 To

High con liable, is. 6d.

Overseers, as.

Justices clerks, is.

Penalties how to be recovered and applied.

Persons making false oaths liable to the penalties of corrupt perjury.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 56. [1786.

To the high constable, or other proper officer, for the like, the sum of one shilling and sixpence::

the overseers of the poor, for the like, the sum of two (hi! lings:

To the clerks of the justices of the peace, for the like, the

sum of one shilling:

And that the said justices of the peace, at their respective quarter sessions which shall be held next after Michaelmas, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, shall, and are hereby required to make an order upon their respective treasurers, to pay the same out of the rates to be made and collected for the respective counties, ridings, divisions, precincts, fokes, franchises, liberties, cities, and towns corporate.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the several forfeitures and penalties inflicted by this act shall, unless otherwise directed by this act, if not immediately paid, be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and seal of any justice of the peace having jurisdiction where such offender shall dwell, rendering to the said offender the overplus (if any) after the charge of such distress and sale shall be deducted; and in case sufficient distress shall not be found, then it shall be lawful for such justice to commit such offender to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail, or mainprize, for a term not exceeding twelve calendar months, unless the said forfeiture and charges shall be sooner paid 5 and the said forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid and applied, one moiety to the informer, and the other moiety to the said respective treasurers, in aid of the rates aforesaid; and any person shall be deemed a competent witness, for the execution of any of the purposes of this act, notwithstanding his paying, or being liable to pay, to such county rates.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person or persons shall wilfully and corruptly make a false oath touching any of the matters contained in this act, every such person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be, and is hereby declared to be, subject and liable to such pains and penalties as by any law now in being persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to

SCHEDULE

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 56.

SCHEDULE.

Questions, to which, by direction of an act passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, (entitled. An act for obliging the overseers of the poor in the several parishes or places within that part of Great Britain called England, to male returns, upon oath, to certain questions specified therein, relative to the fate of the poor,) answers are to be returned by the overseers of the poor of every parish township, and place, in writing upon oath, and signed by them; for which purpose the said overseers are to attend the joffices of the peace within their respective jurisdictions, at such times and places as they shall appoint, on pain of forfeiting, for every default or neglect, a sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds

Question ift. What money was raised by assessments, for the relief of the poor, in the respective years ending at Easier 1783, 1784, and 1785?

2d. What number of poor received constant, and what num ber occasional relief, during each of the said three years, as near as you can ascertain the same?

'3d. How much was paid out of the said money, in each of the said three years, forexpences of overseers in journeys and attendances on magistrates and others; and how much for entertainments at meetings of the inhabitants, on affairs relative to the poor?

4th. What payments were made out of the said money for law business, and for orders, examinations, certificates, and other proceedings respecting the poor, in each of the said three years?

th. How much of the money collected under these assessments was applied for the payment of county rates, or any other, and what, purposes, that did not concern the poor?

6th. How much of the money so raised has been expended ir providing materials and utensils for setting the poor to work?

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 56. [v7e6.

ANSWERS Jo the Questions contained in the Schedule annexed to the Act (entitled, for obliging of the Poor to make Returns, upon oath to certain Questions Specified therein, relative to the State of the Poor), returned by the Overseers of the Ppor of the Parish [sy. as the Case ] of in the County [fsv. as the Case shall be]of

Answers. To ift Question. To 2d Question. To 3d Question. To 4th Question To 5th Question. To rh Question. Remarks upon the ad Part of the 5th Question.

for What Vear. Money raised - Assessment. Poor who received constant Relief. Poor who received occa ft onal Relief. Expenses ofo verfeers in jour nies and Attendances on the magistrates. Expenses of Entertainments at Meetings of the Inhabitants. Expenses in Law Business, Orders, Examinations, Certificates, and other Procedings respecting the Poor. Amount of Money applied for County Rates. Expended for other Purposes which did not concern the Poor. Expended in providing Materials and Utensilsfor setting the Poor to Work. ' V

s. d. No. No. . /. 1 d.  s. d.  s. d.  j. d.  s. d.  s. d.

1783* 1784. 1783.

Here the Person making the Return must subscribe his Name,

(j

C

O

O

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. 0: 57.'

Form of the Oath referred to by this at.

y*ou/balljwear, That the answer and return now made by you to the several questions contained in the schedule hereunto annexed is a full and true answer to the said questions, to the best of your knowledge, information, and belief.

583

CAP. LVII.

An act for the further regulation of the trial of persons accused of certain offences committed in the East Indies $ for repealing so much of an aci, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for the better regulation and management of the affairs of the East India company, and of the British possesstons in India and for establishing a court of judicature for the more speedy and effectual trial of persons accused of offences committed in the East Indies), as requires the servants of the east-india company to driver inventories of their estates and effects; for rendering the laws more effectual against persons unlawfully resorting to the East Indies; and for the more easy proof in certain cases, of deeds and writings executed in Great Britain or India.

[Preamble.]

wrhereas, by an act, made in the twenty fourth year of his

Majestfs reign, intituled An act for the better re Recital of act gulation and management of the affairs of the East India com 4 Geo. 3. pany, and of the British possessions in India 5 and for establish C ing a court of judicature for the more speedy and effectual trial of perfops accused of offences committed in the East indiesy diverse provisons were made and enabled for the more effectually prosecuting and bringing to speedy and condign punishment the crime of extortion, and other misdemeanors, committed in the East Indies by British subjects, in the service of his Majesty, or of the said company; and particularly for constituting a special court of judicature for the trial of any information, to be exhibited in his Majestfs court of king's bench, against such offenders, under and by virtue of a commission, to be awarded under the great seal of Great Britain, directed to four members of the house of peers, six members of the house of commons, and three of the judges of his Majestfs courts of law at Westminster, such members and judges to be selected and chosen in the manner prescribed by the said a CL and the said special of, to be so.

'constituted by such commission, or any seven or more of them, (of whom one of the said three judges was to be one), were, by the said act, invested with full power and authority to hear and determine every such information, and to pronounce judgement thereon, according to the effect of the judgement at common-law, upon convictions had and obtained according to the course, of the common-law, for extortionor other misdemeanour: and whereas the selection of the members of the said respecthe houses of parliament, for the purposes aforesaid, may be rendered more easy and convenient: and whereas it is judged expedient, that, instead off f 'even, not less than ten of to be

constituted

5h

Within the first 30 sitting days of every section, lists of6 names to be delivered in sealed up, by the members of the upper house, from which shall be select da 6 peers \

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 57. [1786.

tcnstituted by such commission as aforesaid, should have authority to hear and determine any such information, and for that punpose, that a greater number of members of each house of parliament, than is directed by the said act, shouldy together with the said three judges y be named and authorised as of in and by such commission: and whereas it is also expedient, that, for giving greater vigour and efficacy to the proceedings and judgements of the said [pedal of, further regulations should be provided and established: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted 3 and be it enacted by the king's fnoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the members of the house of lords, by the said act directed to be named by the said house for the purposes aforesaid, shall be chosen, nominated, and appointed in the manner following, and no otherwise, anything in the said recited a contained to the contrary notwithstanding; (that is to say). That, within the first thirty sitting days of the house of lords in every future section of parliament, the members of the said house, or any of them, may respectively deliver in at the table, lists enclosed in covers, sealed up, and having the words East India Judicaturey and their respective names or titles of honour, by which they are generally known and distinguished, endorsed on the outside thereof, in their respective proper hand writing; every such list containing the names or titles of twenty six peers; and that, on the first sitting day after the expiration of the said thirty days, the clerk of the parliaments, or his deputy or assistant, or such other personas the said house shall direct, shall prepare and lay upon the table of the said house a list of the names or titles of the lords who shall, within the said thirty days, have delivered such lists; and that, on the next sitting day of the said house, the said covers shall be open ned by the clerk of the parliaments, or his deputy or assistant, or such other person as the said house shall direef, by the order of the speaker of the said house, during the sitting of the said house, and all the lists which shall be so delivered shall be taken out of the said covers and put into a box; and the said lists shall be referred by the said house to a committee, who shall examine the same, and within such time as the said house shall direct, report to the house the'name or title of every lord whose name or title shall appear inten or more of such lists; and if the names or titles of the respective members so returned shall not amount to twenty six members at the least, exclusively of such of the members so returned as shall be struck out of the said lists according to the directions of this act, the members of the said house, or any of them, may, on any of the next seven sitting days of the said house, deliver in frefti lists in covers sealed up, and endorsed in the manner herein before directed, each of such lists containing a number of names or titles of members of the said house, equal to that number by which the list returned by the committee shall, exclusively of the members struck out as aforesaid

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 57. 585

said, fall Short of twenty six; and the said covers shall be opened, and the lists disposed of, referred, and proceeded upon after the end of the said seven days, in the manner herein before directed - in respect to the said former lists.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the members of the house of commons, to be named by and in the that house for the purposes aforesaid, shall be chosen, nominated, i^egr^ and appointed in the manner following, and no otherwise, any commoners thing in the said recited act contained to the contrary not with to be delivered landing; (that is to say), That within the first thirty fitting ins from days of the said house in every future session of parliament, the Q

members of the said house, or any of them, may respectively Members

which shall be

deliver in at the table lists, enclosed in covers, sealed up, and having the words East India Judicature, and their respective. endorsed on the outside thereof, in their respective proper hand writing, each of which lifts shall contain the names of forty members of the said house; and that, on the first sitting day after the expiration of the said thirty days, the clerk of the said house, or his deputy or assistant, or such other personas the house shall direct, shall prepare, and lay upon the table, the names of all the members who shall have delivered such lists; and that on the next sitting day of the said house, the clerk of the said house, or any or either of such other persons as aforesaid, shall, at the table, during the sitting of the said house, by the order of the speaker, take the lists out of the said covers, and put the said lists together into a box; and the said lists shall be immediately referred, by the said house, to a committee, who shall examine the same, and within such time as the house shall direct, report to the house the name of every member whose - shall appear in twenty or more of the said lists; and if the names so returned shall not amount to forty at the least, exclusively of such of the said members therein named as shall be struck out of the said lists according to the directions of this act, the members of the said house, or any of them, may, on any of the next seven sitting days of the said house, deliver in at the table of the said house fresh lists, in covers, sealed up and endorsed in the manner herein before directed, each list containing a number of names of members of the said house equal to that number by which the list returned by the said committee shall, exdulively of such of the said names as shall be so struck out, fall Short of forty, and the said' lists shall be opened, disposed of referred, and proceeded upon, after the end of the said seven" days, in the manner herein before directed in respect to the said lifts: and the like order and course reflectively as foresaid shall be taken in each house of parliament, until the said numbers of twenty six members of the house of lords, and forty members of the house of commons, shall have been returned to the said respective houses, by the committees to whom the said lists shall be referred, exclusively of such of the members so returned as shall be struck out of the said lists according to the? directions of this act.

586

Persons holding offices under the crown, chir ing pleasure, C to be ftrnck out of the lists.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 7. [1786.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any of the persons named in any of the lists returned by the said respective committees, shall appear to hold any civil office of profit under the crown, during his majesty's pleasure, or to be, or to have been, a commissioner for the affairs of India, or to be, or to have been, a director of the said company, or to hold, or to have: held, any office or employment in the service of the said company in India, the names of all and every such persons shall be (truck out of the said lists, by the order of the said respective houses of parliament.

Mode of deli

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the de

vering in of livery of the said lists at the tables of the respective houses of par

lists left tot e ]jament in the manner directed by this at, shall occasion any houses or par. '. X*r r .' r..-

liament, if interruption or other business, or be round inconvenient in any

that proposed other respect, it shall be lawful for both or either of the said houses, by their order or orders, to substitute such other mode for the delivery of such lists as the said houses shall respectively think fit, and that the said lists shall, after the making of any such order or orders, be delivered according to the tenor and directions thereof respectively; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That the names of the twenty*six peers and forty members of the house of commons, which shall have been so chosen by the said respective hdufes of parliament, or the names of the twenty six peers and forty members of the house of commons, which (in case the said lists of both or either of the said houses shall happen to contain a greater

be found in convenient.

The party accused may challenge 13 peers and 20 commoners contained in the lists, as the names are

drawing by number of members than as aforesaid, respectively) shall have lot in the pre been drawn by lot, according to the directions of the said former fence of the act, or of such of them as shall personally appear at the time and gording^o"the pace appointed, in the manner by the said act directed, shall be

recited act.

Prosecutor

put into a box, to be drawn by lot, in the presence of the judges, to be appointed according to the directions of the said recited act, and of the parties to the information to be tried, or their counsel or agents: and the person or persons against whom the said information shall have been exhibited, shall have the liberty, as the said names are drawn out, to make peremptory challenges, to the number of thirteen of the peers, and twenty of the members of the house of commons, whose names shall have been put into the said box; and his majesty's attorney ge thevame neral, or other prosecutor, as the case may happen, and also the number party or parties against whom such information shall have been exhibited as aforesaid, shall respectively have power to make challenges to any of the names which shall be so drawn out, and to assign for cause of challenge any such matter as, in the opinion of the three judges, or the majority of them, shall appear, in their discretion, sufficient to set aside the person or persons so challenged, for the purpose of obtaining equal justice: The first five and the first five names of the said peers, and likewise the first peers, and the seven names of the said members of the house of commons, first (even which being drawn out shall not be so challenged, or against

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 57. 587

whom no challenge shall have been allowed, shall be returned commoners, by the said judges to the lord high chancellor, or lord keeper, or n*mes lords commissioners for the custody of the great seal of Great nd Britain, who shall cause the said five peers, and the said seven challenged, to members of the hpufe of commons, by their respective proper be, with the riames or titles of honour, together with the names of the said three judges, three judges, to be inserted in the special commission to be issued com

by virtue of the said recited act, and of this present act; and the missioners. persons who shall be so named and authorised in and by the said commission, shall appear within ten days, at the time and place to be appointed by the said three judges, and shall then and there take the following oath, before the lord high chancellor, or lord keeper, or lords of of the great seal of Great Britain, for the time being, or any one of them:

I A.B. do swear, That? as a commissioner appointed by his Ma Commission

jesty's commission for the trial of the information nozu at issue r8 oath agahifl C D. I will diligently attend such trial, and that I will hear and determine the same to the best of my judgement, according to the evidence which shall be given.

So help me GOT).

VI. And be it further enacted, That if, by reason of the chal challenger lenges as aforesaid, the number of names so drawn out as afore ^rnber^o said shall be reduced to less than five peers and seven members [ef8 than of the house of commons respectively, then, and in such case, peers and fe the said three judges shall forthwith certify the same to the speak yen commoners of the respective houses of parliament, who shall lay the same before the said houses respectively; and the said houses shall re out spectively proceed, within any of the next seven days on which the said houses shall respectively fit for the dispatch of business, to choose, nominate, and appoint twenty six members of the house of lords, and forty members of the house of commons, after the manner and course aforesaid, the lists of which said respective members, so chosen and appointed, shall be transmitted to the clerk of the crown in his majesty's high court of chancery, or his deputy, and be inserted in a new commission, to be issued in the manner herein before and in the said former act directed: provided always, That no day on which the house of commons shall have adjourned, for want of the presence of a sufficient number of members to execute the provisions of the several acts passed in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of his present Majesty, to regulate the trials of controverted elections or returns of members to serve in parliament, shall be accounted one of the sitting days of the said house, for any of the purposes of this act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said special com Power of the missioner to be appointed as aforesaid shall have full power and commission authority to bear and determine every such information, and to ers# pronounce judgement thereon according to the effect of the judgement of the common-law, upon convictions had and obtained

5*8

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 57.'[1 jt6i

tained according to the coutfe of the common-law, for extortion, or other misdemeanof, and also to declare the party so convicted incapable of serving the king's majesty, his heirs or successors, or the said united company, in any capacity whatever; and such judgement so pronounced by the said special of as aforesaid, upon such information, shall be good and effectual, and shall be conclusive, to all intents and purposes; no Certiorari shall be granted for removing the proceedings of the said special of, on such information, into any court whatever; and the proceedings of the said special of shall not be impeached, or the validity thereof questioned, in any action or suit, or other proceeding, in any court of law or equity.

Ten commis

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every Patent toact the powers and authorities given and granted by the said recited*al, and by this present act, unto the said special of, shall and may be executed by or before any ten or more of them (of whom one of the said three judges shall always be one); and that no act done or executed by or before the said of, unless ten or more of the said of (of whom one of the said three judges shall be one) shall be present at the doing or executing thereof (save and except in the particular cases herein after specially provided) shall be valid or effectual; anything in the said former at contained to the contrary not with standing.

Majority to jx. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That whenever an^the prelipecia^ of shall not concur in opinion, upon

dent to have a any question or matter to be decided by or before them, every catting vote, such question or matter shall be determined by the greater number of the said of who shall be then present, so that the number of of then present be not less than ten as aforesaid; and if the said of shall at any time be equally divided in opinion, on any question or matter depending before them, the judge then sitting as president shall have two voices, or the calling vote'.

If by death, X And be it further enacted, That if any of the said special or otherwise, of shall depart this life, or be excused from attend flioidd^e rem le manner k}t this ac directed, before the said commis duced under fion shall have been fully executed, so that there shall not be a ten, a new sufficient number of of to proceed in the due exe commission to cution of such commission, according to the true intent and be made out. mean; ng of this act; or if all the said three judges shall happen to die, or be excused from attending in the manner by this at directed, whilst the said commission shall be depending; then, and in either of such cases, and from thenceforth, the said commission, and the force and effet thereof, shall cease, and a new commission shall be awarded for hearing the matter of such information, for which such former commission was issued, and the trial of such information shall begin de novo; save only and except with respect to the examinations or depositions of any witnesses (if any) which shall have been taken in writing under the

a said

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 57. 589

said former commission, which examinations or depositions shall and may be received and admitted as evidence under such new commission.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said special commis commission sioners shall severally attend in court during the whole trial for ^hn/the which they shall be appointed as aforesaid, and none of the said whoie trial, of shall in any wise absent himself from the same unless absent (except as hereafter is provided); and the said court shall at no by leave, time proceed in the said trial until all the said special of, not having obtained such leave of absence, or not having been excused as herein after is provided, shall be met and assembled; if the said special of (except as afore If all do not said) shall not all meet and assemble withia the space of one mettle ma hour after the time to which they shall have adjourned, such of them as shall be then present, or the major part of them, shall y j make an order for a further adjournment of the trial, in which order the cause of such further adjournment shall be expressed, and a copy of such order, signed by the register to the said of, shall be served upon, or left at the usual or last place or places of abode of, the said absent commissioner or of respectively; and at such further adjourned meeting the <^ause of ab cause of his or their absence shall be inquired into by the special of who shall be then present, before the said com ^uire m missioner shall proceed to any other business; and if it shall not be made appear, to the satisfaction of the said of, by fads specially stated, and verified before them upon oath (or, in the case of such fads being verified by a peer of the realm, then upon his honour) that such absent commissioner or of was or were, by sudden accident, or by necessity, pre venred from attending at the said former sitting, it shall and may be lawful for the special of then present, or the major part of them, to pass such censure upon such commissioner Absentees or of who shall have been so absent, as they shall ^re^or^ned think fit, and also to impose upon such commissioner or com and disabled*respectively, for such neglect cf duty, or upon any from acting. commissioner or of who shall depart from the said court during the sitting, and before an adjournment thereof, such fine or fines as the said of, or the greater number of them then present, shall think fit, so that no'such fine shall exceed the sum of five hundred pounds; which fine or fines shall How fines are be forthwith estreated by one or more of the said three judges, tobelevied. into the court of exchequer, and the like process shall be awarded by the said court of exchequer, for levying the said fine or fines for his majesty's use, as is usually awarded for the levying of other fines estreated into the said court of exchequer; and the said special of shall also have full power and authority to order or declare, that any commissioner or of, who shall be so censured, or on whom any such fine or fines shall be imposed, shall be disabled from acting in the further execution of such commission.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shaft Leave of ab vol. XXXV Rr and fence may be

hours, except oin occasions herein specified.

590 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 57. [1786.

granted to ard may be lawful for the said of, or the greater

ers^ho how number them, to grant leave of absence to any of the said com ever, are dif*missioner, upon proof, to their satisfaction, of sickness or other qualified. urgent occasion; and such of the said of who shall obtain leave of absence as aforesaid, and shall accordingly be absent during any part of such trial, shall be no longer capable of acting under such commission; anything contained in the said former act, or in this aff, to the contrary notwithstanding. thltcom3 al

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That after the missioners nottria^ any information shall have commenced and been begun to adjourn for by and before the said special of, the said commis mqre than a4 sioners shall sit every day, Sunday, christmas^day, and Good Friday, only excepted 5 and the said of shall never adjourn for a longer time than twenty-four hours, unless a Sunday, christ mas day, or Good Friday, shall happen to intervene, in which case their adjournment shall not exceed twenty-four hours, exclusive of such Sunday, christmas day, or Good Friday: provided also. That if the number of the said special of capable of acting in the execution of such commission, according to the directions of this as, shall, by death or otherwise, be reduced to ten, and any of such ten of shall be prevented by sudden accident, or by necessity, from attending such trial, the said other of, or the greater number of them, shall and may, at their discretion, adjourn and suspend the proceedings upon such trial, from time to time as circumstancee may require, so that any such adjournment shall not exceed three days, and the number of such successive adjournments shall not, in the whole, exceed ten adjournments; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said special of to constitute and appoint such clerks, tipstaffs, messengers, and other officers, to attend upon them in the execution of their said commission, and to do and perform all such matters and things as shall be ordered or given to them in charge by the said of, as the said of shall think fit; and such several clerks and other officers shall be diligently attendant upon, and subject and obedient to the said of, and may be suspended, removed, or discharged, or be punished by fine or fines, to be imposed by the said of, for any neglect of duty or disobedience, at the discretion of the said of; which fines shall he estreated into his majesty's court of exchequer, by one or more of the said three judges, and shall and may be levied and recovered, for his Majesty's use, by the process of the said

of may appoint clerks, See. who may be removed, chow

clerks, care to be paid.

court; and all and every of such clerks and other officers shall be paid, by the parties informant or informants, and defendant or defendants, named in such information, the same or the like fees and allowances as the respective officers attendant upon his Majesty's court of king's bench, upon trials of informations for misdemeanours prosecuted in the said court, are entitled to receive from the parties thereto, respectively, according to the stations

and

591

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. 0*57*

and duties of such officers respectively,

XV. And be it further enacted, That whenever an informa Court of tien shall be exhibited in the said court of king's bench, against king's beqch^ any person or persons, for the crime of extortion, or other mif an ant^for demeanour, committed in the East Indies, in every such case, up apprehending on a certificate from the coroner and attorney of our lord the persons accu king, (commonly called The Clerk of the Crown in the court of of extor king's bench, or The Majlerof the Crown Office in the said court), [h^eastindk*. or any or either of his sworn clerks in the said office, that such information hath been filed, (which information, in case the same shall be filed when the court of king's bench shall not be sitting, shall be considered as filed on the last day of the preceding term), it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord chief justice, or any of the other judges of the said court, at the infiance of such prosecutor or prosecutors, to issue his warrant, under his hand and seal, directed to all sheriffs, mayors, bailiffs, eonfiables, and other peace officers, and to such other person or persons as shall be named for that purpose by such prcrfecutor dr prosecutors, for apprehending and attaching the party or parties defendant or defendants to such information; and if such party or parties shall escape or go into, reside, or be in any place within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, it shall and may be lawful for the sheriff or steward depute of substitutt*, or any justice of the peace of the county or place into which such party or parties shall escape or go, or in which he or they shall reside or be, to endorse his name on the said warrant; which warrant so endorsed shall be a sufficient authority to all persons ro whom such warrant was originally directed, and also to all sheriffs officers, stewards officers, eonfiables, and other peace officers of the said county or place, by the sheriff, steward depute or substitute, or justice of the peace whereof such warrant shall be so endorsed, to execute the said warvant in the same county or place, by apprehending the party or parties against whom such warrant shall have been granted, and to convey and bring such party or parties in safe custody before the said court of king's bench, or before the lord chief justice or any of the judges of the said court, to be further dealt with according to the directions of the said former act, and this present act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Parties infor lawful to and for the party or parties against whom any such in raed asainst formation shall be exhibited as aforesaid, (not being attached), n^edor"to to surrender himself or themselves in the said court of king's jjndbailt bench at. any time during the sitting of the said court, to be dealt

with according to the directions of the said former act, and this present act, or if the said court shall not be sitting, unto the said' lord chief justice, or any other of the judges of the said court; and that when and so often as any such party or parties shall surrender himself or themselves out of court as aforesaid, or shall, during any vacation, or when the said court shall not be sitting, be attached and brought before the said lord chief justice, pr Other judge, under any warrant or attachment issued by virtue of

R r a V the

592 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 57. [1786.

the said former act or this present act, the said lord chief justice, or other judge, shall and may order such party or parties to stand committed to the prison of the Matjhalfea^ or to the tower of londotiyot to the gaol of Newgcte, at the discretion of the said lord chief justice or other judge, there to be detained until he or they shall be delivered by due courfeoflaw, or until he or they, together with two Sufficient Sureties, shall have entered into a recognisance unto the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, in such sum of money, and with such condition for his appearance, and for Submitting to the judgement to be pronounced in and upon such information, as the said lord chief justice, or other judge, shall, in his discretion, order and dire. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said of to order any person in custody, under the provisions of this act, to be from time to time brought up and remanded in such manner as to the said of shall seem meet.

Mode of pro

XVII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often a ceedtngr when any party or parties, against whom any such information as afore fcond*said ^hibited, not be attached, or shall not have

Surrendered as aforesaid, and proof shall be made, by any affidavit or affidavits, to the satisfaction of the Said court of king's bench, that such party or parties is or are beyond the feasor that, upon inquiry at his or their usual place or places of abode, or last known place or places of resideoce in Great Britain he or they could not be found, and that there is just ground to believe that such party or parties is or are gone, or doth or do continue out of the realm, or doth or do otherwise abscond, to avoid being attached to answer the matters charged in and by such information; then, and in such case, the said court shall and may make a rule or order, directing and appointing such party or parties to surrender himself or themselves in the said court, or to the lord chief justice, or one of the other judges of the said court, at a certain day in and by such rule or order to be limited and expressed, at the discretion of the Said court; and a copy of such rule or order shall, within twenty days after the making thereof, be inserted three Several times in the London Gazette \ and another copy of such rule or order shall, within the time aforesaid, be affixed in some conspicuous and publick place in the India house: and if the said party or parties shall not surrender himself or themselves respectively, according to the tenor of such rule or order, within the time therein to be limited for that purpose, or within such further time as the said court shall appoint or direct (which the said court is hereby empowered to do, of application being made on the behalf of such party or parties, if the said court shall see cause), then, on proof being made of the publication of such rule or order in manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for his majesty's attorney general, or other prosecutor, by rule and leave of the said court (which rule and leave the said court is hereby empowered to grant) to cause an appearance, and the plea of not guilty, to be entered for such party or parties charged by the said information p

593

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 57.

and the said information shall thereupon proceed as if the party or parties had appeared and pleaded not guilty thereto.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Notice of all cases where the plea of not guilty shall be entered for the trial to be party or parties defendant or defendants to any information, by Slven* the prosecutor or prosecutors thereof, by virtue and according to

the directions of this alit shall be sufficient, in order to the hearing and determining of such information, for such prosecutor or prosecutors to give fourteen days notice of the day appointed for the trial thereof, by advertisement in the London Gazette; any law, usage, or practice, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any party or par Judgement to ties charged by any such information as aforesaid, shall make de ^ecfb^the1" fault in his or their persona! appearance, at the pronouncing of commission. judgement, in the matter of such information, by and before the ere, though said special of; it nevertheless shall and may be law the parties full for the said of to pronounce judgement upon do not appear, such information, in the same manner as if the said party or

parties was or were personally present; and every such judgement shall be as valid, effectual, and conclusive, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if the said party or parties had been personally present at the pronouncing thereof; xany law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That whenever the party or Parties dur parties charged by any such information shall personally appear becommittcs. before the said special of, on the hearing or trial

thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said special of, at any time during the course of such trial, to order such party or parties to stand committed to the prison of the Marshalsea, or to the tower of London, or to the gaol of Newgate, at the discretion of the said special commissioners, there to be detained until judgement shall be pronounced in the matter of the said information, unless he or they shall be previously delivered or discharged by the rule or order of the said of.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per Disturbers of fons shall be guilty of any contempt or disturbance in the court assfo com^the said of, during the sitting of the court, it shall mitted.

and may be lawful to and for the said of to order such person or persons to be taken into custody, by any officer or officers to be appointed by the said of to attend the said court, and to stand committed to the prison of the Marshalsea, or the gaol of Newgate, at their discretion, to be there kept for such time as the said of shall order and direct.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the judgements which Judgements of

shall be made and pronounced by the said special commissioners, loners" ?o^be according to the directions, and under the authority of the said executed by recited adfr, and this present at, shall, when and so soon as the the court of fard judgements and other proceedings shall have been delivered king'* bench, over, by the register to the said of, to the clerk of to be final.

94 Ann vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 57. [1786.

the crown in the said court of king's bench, otherwise called The Coroner and Attorney of our Lord the King, or The Master of the Crown Office in the said court), in the manner directed by the said former act, be executed and enforced by the authority of the said court of king's bench, and such proceedings to outlawry, and other proceedings, against the several and respective defendants thereto, shall and may be had thereon, in the like manner as, according to the course and practice of the said court, may be had upon judgement made and pronounced by the said court; and the judgements of the said special of shall be final and conclusive, to all intents and purposes whatever, and shall not be arrested, deseated, reversed, or avoided, or liable to be arrested, deseated, reversed, or avoided, for or by reason or means of any error, desect, or want of form in any such judgement, or in the information whereon the same shall be given or pronounced, or in the award of any process thereon, or in the record of the issue for the trial thereof; any law, Statute, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declar this, or the ed. That nothing in the said recited act, or in this present act recited act, contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to deprive persons of any therprofeoutor or prosecutors of any such information as afore right they are fd, or the party or parties defendant or defendants thereto!, of entitled to by any right, liberty, benefit, pr advantage, to which, by the law jaw, etc. of the land, or the rules of practice of the court of king's.bench, such prosecutor or prosecutors, defendant or defendants, is or are, or would, could, or might have been entitled, upon any other information of a like nature, depending in the said court of king's bench, before issue in joined therein; nor to prevent or restrid the said court of king's bench from exercising any such power or authority as would, could, or might have been legally exercised by the said court of king's bench, in the matter of any such information, before issue in joined therein, if the said former act, or this present act, had not been made; anything in the said former act, or this present act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

'mode of pro

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the ee*din8j party or parties charged by any such information as aforesaid, murrersare enter a demurrer to such information, and such demurrer

entered, shall he overruled by the said court of king's bench., such party "or parties shall, within eight days next after the said court shall - have given judgement on such demurrer, unless a writ of error shall be brought thereon, and then within eight days next after such judgement shall be affirmed, or such writ of error shall be nonpros'd, enter the plea of not guilty to such information, or, in default thereof, the said plea of not guilty shall and may be entered, for and in the name or names of such party or parties, by his majesty's attorney general, or other prosecutor; and the said information shall proceed in the like manner as if no demurrer had been entered thereto; any law, or the usage or practice of the said court to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. Pro

59s

L Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 57.

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared.

That if his majesty's attorney general, or other prosecutor or Informations prosecutors of any such information, shall be desirous of having my be deter the same proceeded in, tried, and determined in the said court ^urtofking'a of king's bench, and hall move the said court for that purpose, bench, then, and in every such case, the said court shall grant a rule

or order for retaining such information in the said court, and the said information shall be accordingly retained by the said court of king's bench, and shall be heard, tried, adjudged, and determined by the said court of king's bench, in such and the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as an information of the like nature would, could, or might have been proceeded in, heard, tried, and determined, in and by the said court, in case the said former actor this present act had not been made; anything in the said former actor this present act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the party How fines, or parties, against whom any such information shall have been etc are exhibited as aforesaid, shall be adjudged to pay a fine or fines to recotere his Majesty, his heirs or successors; and also whenever any recognisance or recognizances entered into under the said former

actor this present act, shall become forfeited, the said court of king's bench, or, in case the said court shall not be then sitting, the lord chief justice of the same court, shall and grey forthwith, at the instance of his majesty's attorney general, or other prosecutor, deliver to the lord chief baron, or any other of the barons of the court of exchequer, an estreat of the fine or fines, recognisance or recognizances, so adjudged or become forfeited respectively as aforesaid; and the said lord chief baron, or other of the said barons, shall thereupon, at the requisition of the said attorney general, or other prosecutor, authorise and direct the proper officer of the same court to award, and such officer

shall accordingly forthwith award, under the seal of the same court, one or more special writ or writs of extendi facias and capias, or other special process, against the said party or parties adjudged to pay such fine or fines, or the principal or principals, and sureties, in such recognisance or recognizances respectively, and their lands, tenements, and hereditaments, goods, chattels, and effects, directed into such county or counties, cities, places, or liberties, to the proper (fieriffs, or other officers of the same respectively, for the due execution thereof, as the said attorney general, or other prosecutor, shall desire or require in that behalf; and if such party gr parties, or such principal or principals, and sureties, or any of them shall have, or be seized or possessed of, or entitled to, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, goods, chattels, estate, or effects, situate, lying, or being within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or mall be resident in that part of the said united kingdom, then, and in either of such cases, his majesty's court of exchequer in Scotland, or, when the said court shall not be sitting, the lord chief ifgrort, or any other of the herons of the said court of exchequer

Rr in

59^ Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 57. [1786.

in Scotland, upon a copy or transcript of the estreat of such fine or fines, recognisance or recognizances, being sent' or transmitted into the same court, or delivered to the said lord chief baron, or any other of the barons of the same court, from and under the seal of the court of exchequer m England, or under the hand and seal of the lord chief baron, or any other of the barons thereof, (and which copy or transcript the said court of exchequer in England, or, when the said court shall not be sitting, the lord chief baron, or any other of the barons of the same court, is and are hereby required, at the instance of his majesty's attorney general, or other prosecutor, to send and transmit accordingly), shall and may forthwith, at the instance of the said attorney general, or other prosecutor, carry on such proceedings, and award such and the like process and processes as is and are competent by the lav of that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for recovery of debts due to the crown. f

Mode of re

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any fromo ert mace appear, to the satisfaction of the said court of

intepeaftein exchequer in England, at the instance of his majesty's attorney dies, when the general, or other prosecutor, by motion in the said court on his effetfs in Bri or their behalf, that such party or parties, principal or princi tam are infus pals, or sureties, as aforesaid, or any of them, have no lands, cient* tenements, or other estate or effects in Great Britain, or that the same (if any) are not sufficient to answer the sum or sums forfeited by such recognisance or recognizances, or due for such fine or fines, respectively, and that such party of parties, principal or principals, or sureties, or any of them, shall have, or be seized or poflfefied of, or entitled to, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, goods, chattels, debts, estate, or effects, within any of the British possessions in the Edjl Indies, respectively, (the said sum or sums, fine or fines, not being paid and satisfied), then, and in every such case, the said court of exchequer shall and may, by rule or order of the said court, cause one or more transcript or transcripts of the estreats of the said recognisance or recognizances, fine or fines, to be sealed with the seal of the said court, or to be otherwise attested, as the said court shall direct, and the same, so sealed or attested, shall be closed up under the seals of any two of the barons of the said court, directed to the supreme court of judicature in Bengal, and to the mayor's courts at Madras and Bombay, ox to any or either of the said courts, as the case shall or may require; and the same shall be delivered by the said barons, or one of them, to such agent or agents as the prosecutor or prosecutors shall nominate or appoint for that purpose; which agent or agents (or, in the case of his or their death, the person into whose hands the same shall come), shall deliver such transcript or transcripts to one of the judges of the said supreme court, or mayor's courts, respectively, as the case may be or require, and make oath that he or they did receive the same from the hands of one of the said barons (or in what other manner the same came into his or their hands), and that the same

597

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 57.

same hath not, or have not, been opened or altered since he or they To respectively received the same, (which oath any of the said judges of any of the said courts in India are hereby authorised and required to administer); and thereupon such transcrfpt or transcripts shall be filed and recorded in such of the said courts in India to which the same shall be so directed, as the case may require j and, upon motion to be made in such courts or court for that purpose, for and on the behalf of such prosecutor, or prosecutors, the like process and proceedings shall and may, from time to time, be awarded and had, by and in the said supreme court of judicature, and the said mayor's courts at Madras and Bombay, respectively, or any or either of them, against the lands, 'tenements, or hereditaments, goods, chattels, debts, estate, and effects of the said party or parties, principal or principals, and sureties, within the limits of the jurisdictions of such respective courts in the East Indies, as might or could have been awarded or had in the said court of exchequer in England, against the lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods, chattels, debts, estates, and effects of the same party or parties, principal or principals, or sureties, in England; and the same shall be valid and effectual, any law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And whereas it is by the said recited act enafied, That Recital of a & in all cases of informations laid or exhibited, by virtue of the said act, 24 e' j*c# in the court of king's bench, for misdemeanours or offences committed in % 9

India, it shall be lawful for the said court to award a writ or writs of mandamus to the chief justice and judges of the supreme court of Fort William, or the judges of the mayor s court of any of the british settlements in India, as the case may require, who are thereby respectively authorised and required accordingly tox hold a court for the examination of witnesses, and receiving other proofs concerning the matters charged in such informations respectively y and that such examination shall be then and there openly taken, and reduced into writings in manner therein mentioned, and sent to his Majesty, in his court of king's bench, closed upy and under the seals of two or more of the judges of the said supreme courts and that one or more of the judges of the said supreme court shall deliver the same to the agent or agents of the party or parties requiring the same which said agent or agents (or, in case of his or their death, the person into whose hands the same shall come) shall deliver the same to one of the clerks in court of his Majesty's court of king's bench, in the public office, and make oath that he received the same from the hands of one or more of the judges of such court in India (or in what manner the same came into his bands j, and that the same hath not been opened or altered since he so received the same: and whereas a doubt may arifey whether such examinations as may be taken by the judges of the mayor's court in any of the British settlements in India, by force and virtue of the said alls may be lawfully sent, closed up, under the seals of the same judges, and whether any one or more of the same judges is or are im powered to deliver the same to the agent or agents of the party requiring the same 1 be it therefore enacted, That every examina examinations

C tien in India to be

59

scaled of and given to the agents of the parties, to be delivered to the clerks of the king's bench.

terfqns refluent in India amenable to the courts there.

Governor, etc. of Fort Saint George, etc. to have jurisdiction in all matters civil and criminal.

So much of recited a as relates to delivery asia

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 57. [1786.

tfon which shall or may be had or taken by the judges of the mayor's court of any of the British settlements in India by force and virtue of the said act (being reduced into writing, as in the said act is directed or mentioned) shall be sent to his Majesty, in his court of king's bench, closed up, and under the seals of two or more of the judges of the mayor's court of any of the British settlements in India, and one or more of the judges of the same court shall deliver the same to the agent or agents of the party or parties requiring the same; which said agent or agents (or, in case of his or their death, the person into whose hands the same shall come) shall deliver the same to one of the clerks of his majesty's court of king's bench, in the public office, and make such or the like oath as is in and by the said act diredfced and prescribed; anything in the said act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That as well the servants of the said united company, as all other of his majesty's subjects resident or to be resident in India shall be, and are hereby declared to be amenable to the courts of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery, and courts of general or quarter sessions of the peace, in any of the British settlements in India for all mureters, felonies, homicides, manslaughters, burglaries, rapes of women, perjuries, confederacies, riots, routs, retainings, oppressions, trespasses, wrongs, and other misdemeanours, offences, and injuries whatsoever, by them done, committed, or perpetrated, or to be by them hereafter done, committed, or perpetrated, in any of the countries or parrs of Asia, Africa, or America, beyond the Cape of Good Hope to the Straights of Magellan, within the limits of the exclusive trade of the said united company, whether the same shall have been done, committed, or perpetrated, or shall hereafter be done, committed, or perpetrated, against any of his majesty's subjects, or against any other person or persons whatever.

XXX. And be it further enacted and declared, That the governor or president and council of Fort Saint George for the time being, in their courts of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery, and quarter, or general sessions of the peace, and also the mayor's court at Madras, according to their several and respective judicatures, shall have cognizance and jurisdiction, as well civil as criminal, over all British subjects whatsoever, who now reside or shall hereafter reside within any of the forts, factories, towns, lands, or territories, in the possession of the said united company, on the coast of Coromandel, or in any other part of the Carnatic, or in the five northern circars, including those parts of the said circars which lie within the kingdom or province of Orixa, or within any of the dominions or territories of the fpubah of the Deckan^ the nabob of Amt or the rajah of Tanjore.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited act as requires or directs any person or persons now being, or who may hereafter be, in the service of the said united

company

1786.] Anno vicesimo facto Georgii 1h. C 57. 599

company in India to deliver any particular or inventory of his ventories of or their lands, tenements, goods, chattels, debts, securities for effects, etc. money, and other real and personal estate and property, or as repeaed* subjects any such person or persons to any pain, penalty, or forfeiture for any neglect or omission therein, or for any untrue specification of his or their estates or properties, or as directs any allowance or reward to be made or given to any person making discovery of any estate or property concealed, or not specified, disclosed, or described, by any such particular or inventory as aforesaid, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XXXII. And whereas [unity acts of parliament have been heretofore made and are now in force for securing the whole [ole and exclusive trade into, and from the East Indies, and all places between the Cape of Good Hope and the Straights of Magellan, to the said united company, by which said alls or some of them, the offenders against the same are made subject and liable to diverse punishments forfeitures and penalties in the said a fts respectively mentioned which offences may be prosecuted, and the said forfeitures and penalties sued for and recovered in some or one of his Majestfs courts of record at Westminster: and whereas it may be necessary and proper, in certain cases, that the said offences Should be prosecuted, and the said forfeitures and penalties sued for and recovered in the courts of justice in the East Indies: be it therefore enacted, That all of From Jan. r fences which shall be committed after the first day of January 1787, oflfencet one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, against any law ffwsfor fe now in force for securing the exclusive trade in, to, and from curing the the East Indies, and places aforesaid, to the said united company, east-india and all forfeitures and penalties to be incurred after the said trade may be first day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty East Indies seven, for illicitly trading or for being in the East Indies, or doing any other act against the said laws or Statutes, or any of them, shall and may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered in the supreme court of judicature at Fort William in Bengal or in the respective mayor's courts of Fort Saint George and Bombay, in like manner as the same can or, may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered in any of his majesty's courts of record at weji minster*and it shall and may be lawful for the said respective courts in the East Indies to pass and give the like judgement, in such prosecutions, actions, and suits, as might be passed and given, for the like matter, cause, or thing, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster* and to carry such judgements into execution, and to order any offender or offenders, after conviction for any such offence, to be sent and conveyed to Great Britain:anything contained in any of the said acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That when any ship, causesoffei vessel, goods, merchandise, or other effects, shall be seized in sure may be the East Indies, or other parts within the limits of the said th^etftt^11 company's exclusive trade, under the authority or for the use Q"

of the said united company, for or by reason of any forfeiture incurred, or suggested to have been incurred, by the owner or owners

expired, fub je to the penalties of unlicensed persons.

Q*vicesimo sexto Georgii III. 0*57. [1786.

owners thereof, under any of the laws or Statutes aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said supreme court, or either of thetaid mayor's courts, to hear and determine the cause of fitch seizure, or any matter of complaint concerning the same, and to proceed to condemnation or restoration of the property and effects so seized, and to give judgement thereon, and to carry such judgement into execution, in like manner as his majesty's court of exchequer could or might have done, if such seizure had been made in any port or place in England any law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And whereas doubts have arisen, whether such persons resident within the limits of the said company's exclusive trade, whose licences shall have expired, or who shall have ceased to be employed in the service of the said company, are subject to the several regulations provisions, penalties, and forfeitures, by any act or acts of parliament made or imposed touching such persons as shall go to, traffic, trade, or adve7iture in, or be or be found within the limits aforesaid, contrary to the prohibitions and restrictions in the said several alls con

Persons whose tained; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and licences have every person and persons whose licence or licences to go to, or trade, traffic, or reside within, the limits aforesaid, shall have ceased and determined, or who shall have been dismissed from, or resigned the said company's service, and shall be found within the limits aforesaid after such time as shall be allowed by the governor and council of the respective presidencies in India wherein such person or persons shall be found, hall be deemed and taken, to all intents and purposes, to be subject to all the provisions, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures by any act or acts made or imposed upon any person or persons who shall repair, fail, or go to, or traffic, trade, or adventure in, or be or be found in any place within the limits aforesaid, without licence having been obtained from the said company, or without having been in the said company's service.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the powers and authorities in and by the said acts, and every or any of them, given, granted, or provided, for taking, arresting, seizing, remitting, sending, or bringing to England, any person or persons being in the East Indies, or in the limits or parts aforesaid

-. to the provisions of the said acts, or of this act, and

etci for seizing any ships, vessels, goods, or effects, made liable to

seizure by the said company by any law now in force, shall and may be enforced and put in execution by, or by the order and authority of the governor-general and council of Bengal, or the president and council of Fort saint.George and Bombay, respectively, or by any resident at any other of the British settlements in tfre East Indies, for the time being, respectively, or by, or by the order and authority of the company's council of supercargoes for the time being, at the town or factory. of Canton, within the said town or factory, and upon the river of Canton, and by such other person or persons as shall, from time to time, be specially deputed and authorised for that purpose by the

court

Powers of

seizing, etc. tmlicensed persons and hips, may be exercised by the governor,

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. 0*57. 601

court of directors of the said company for the time being, in the name of the said company.

XXXVI. Provided always, nevertheless, and be it enacted and declared, That no person now being in the East Indies or Persons to other parts within the limits of the company's exclusive trade, ^and who shall not have had notice given to him, by the order notbte^gi^f or authority of the said court of directors, or by the governor en, may congeners! and council of Fort William, or the governor or prefi tinue in the dent and council of Fort Saint George or Bombay, before the paf Indies till Jan. sing of this act, to remove or withdraw himself from the said 1 % 17*parts and limits, shall, before the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, be liable to be arrested, seized, or brought to England, under the authority of this act, on account of his going to, or tracting, trafficking, redding, or being found in the East Indies, or parts aforesaid, without licence or other lawful authority in that behalf; to the intent that every such person may have a reasonable time to settle and adjust his private affairs; anything in this act, or in any other ad, contained to the contrary notwithstanding: provided also, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the go Governor!,vernor general and council of Fort William, and the governor "at!licencei and council of Fort Saint George and Bombay, and the resident for two ycarg at Fort Marlborough, within their respective presidencies or LI from Jan. 1, mits, to grant licences, in their discretion respectively, under737* their hands and seals, to any of his majesty's subjects now resident, in the presidencies or places aforesaid, for permitting such subjects respectively, or any of them, to remain and continue to trade or reside within the said presidencies, or other places aforesaid, (such person or persons not being, by reason of his or their holding any office or employment, offices or employments, or in any other manner, disabled, or prohibited from trading in the East Indieor parts aforesaid, by any act or acts now in force), for any term not exceeding two years, to be computed from the first day bf January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, the persons receiving such licences first entering into the like covenants as are ufuatly entered into by persons licensed by the said company, or such other reasonable covenants as shall be directed by the court of directors of the said company for the time being; and that all and every of such licences shall be of the same force and effect, during the term for which the same shall be so lawfully granted, (unless the same shall be sooner revoked by the said court of directors, or by the governors and councils of the said respective presidencies in India, who are hereby authorised, in their discretion, to revoke and determine the same), as if such licences had been granted under the seal of the said company; anything in this act, or in any former act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any suit or action shall be brought or commenced against the said company, or any of their servants, or against any persons acting by

/ -

6ot Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 57. \ijt6.

their authority, for the recovery of any costs or damages for the unlawful taking, arresting, feizktg, imprisoning, sending, or bringing to England, of any person or persons found in the East Indies, or other parts aforesaid, within the limits of the said company's., exclusive trade, or as not being authorised to reside or traf&ck there, the defendant or defendants to such suit or General issue. action shall and may plead the general ifltie, and give the special matter in evidence, for his or their defence \ and the proof shall lie on the plaintiff or plaintiffs, upon the trial of the iitue, to shew that at the time or times of arresting or seizing such person or persons respectively, for the cause aforesaid, in the manner in which the same shall be laid or charged to have been done, in and by the declaration or declarations in such suits or actions, the person or persons so arrested or seized was or were in the military or marine service of the king's majesty, his heirs or successors, or was or were under covenant to serve the said company in India, or was or were duly possessed of a licence or licences in writing, authorising him or them to go to or reside and traffic in India, or other the said parts and limits, or that the person or persons (not being in his majesty's service) was or were, at the time or times of his or their being so seized or arrested entitled or authorised, by the stipulations of such covenants or licences respectively, to remain and continue in India, or other the parts and limits aforesaid $ in failure of such proof, the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfurted, and in such case, or in any other case wherein the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any such suit or action shall become nonsuited, or wherein judgement shall be given against such plaintiff or plaintiffs upon demurrer, or where a verdict shall pass for the defen treble costs. dant or defendants, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded, to be paid by the respective plaintiff or plaintiffs in such suit or action; any law, Statute, or provision, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And whereas great difficulties % expense, and delay, often arise in giving proof in Great Britain, of the execution of bonds and other deeds and writings, executed and witnessed by persons resident in the East Indies y and the like difficulties, expense9 and delay, also arise in giving proof in the East Indies, of the execution of bonds, and other deeds and writings, executed and witnessed by persons resident in Great Britain; for remedy thereof, be it en edin th^east a<^e^ That whenever any bond, or other deed or writing, exe indies shall be cuted in the East Indies, and attested by any person or persons evidence in resident there, shall be offered in evidence in any of the courts Britain, and of justice in Great Britain, it shall be sufficient to prove, by one onpniof of the or more crc^ible witness or witnesses, that the name or names hand writing subscribed to such bond, deed, or writing, purporting to be of of the parties, the hand or hands writing of the obligor or obligors to such bond, or of the party or parties to such deed or writing, is or are of the proper hand writing or hands writing of such obligor or obligors, party or parties, respectively, and that the name or names set and subscribed of the witness or witnesses attesting the

execution

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georon Ilf. .5$.

execution of the same, respectively, is or are of the proper hand, or hands writing of the witness or witnesses so attesting the same, and that such witness or witnesses is or are resident in the East Indies \ and, in like manner, all courts of justice in the East Indies shall admit the like proof of the execution of bonds and other deeds and writings executed in Great Britain) and witnessed by any person or persons resident in Great Britain z and such proofs shall be deemed and taken to be as valid and sufficient evidence of the due execution of such bonds, and other deeds and writings, as if the witness or witnesses thereto was or were dead,

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this a d shall be Public deemed and taken to be a public act, and shall take place and have commencement in Great Britain, immediately after the commence same shall have received his Majesty royal assent; and shall talee ment thereof place and have commencement in and throughout the East Indies and parts within the limits of the exclusive trade granted to the said company, from the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

CAP. LVIII.

An act for procuring upon oath returns of all charitable donations for the benefit of poor persons, in the fever at parishes and places within that part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS it is proper that the legislature, who are dir eft ing inquiries into the state and condition of the poor, Should be informed of the several charitable donations for the use and benefit of poor persons; which information cannot be effectually obtained without the aid and assistance of parliament: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and comnftons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That a sufficient number of printed copies of this act, and also of the schedule hereunto annexed, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing hereof, be transmitted, by George White esquire, one of the clerks attending the house of commons, to the clerks of the peace of every county, riding, division, city, liberty, soke, franchise, town corporate, and place, having clerks of the peace, in England and Wales; and that the said several clerks of the peace shall, and they are hereby required, with allconvenient speed, not exceeding fourteen days after receiving the same, to cause a sufficient number of the schedule to this act annexed to be delivered together with a printed copy of this act, to every high constable, or, where there shall be no high constable, to such other proper officer who hath the execution of precepts from justices of the peace within such respective jurisdictions, and also to the town clerks or other proper officers of every city, borough, town corporate, or place, in which quarter sessions of the peace are

- usually

[Preamble.]

Printed copies of this act to be transmitted to the clerks of the peace, to be distributed amongst the high constables, etc

L

604 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 58.

[17$6.

usually held, situate within the county, riding, division, city, liberty, soke, franchise, town corporate, and place, for which the said clerk of the peace or town clerk shall respectively act; and the said clerks of the peace and town clerks shall, and are hereby required to receive the same, and also to receive the answers and returns to be made by the ministers and churchwardens, or other persons, pursuant to the directions herein after given: and the said town clerks and other officers shall, as too a as conveniently may be after receiving the said answers and re returns made urns, subscribe and deliver the same to the said several clerks by the mini of the peace from whom they received the schedule; and the fters and said several clerks of the peace shall transmit such answers and

den^tobe* returns to the clerk of the parliaments, with all convenient

transmitted to spee^j order that the same may be inspected by the parliament, the clerk of upon pain of forfeiting, for every neglect or default, a sum not ex the parlia ceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds, at the discretion of ments. the justice or justices before whom complaint thereof shall be made

Duty of the n. And be it further enacted, That the said high constables, ble8 etc ore town c^er^s5 or other proper officers To defer!bed as aforesaid, feribed. P shall receive from the said clerks of the peace the said acts and printed schedules, and shall, within seven days after the receipt thereof, attend two or more of the justices of peace acting within their respective limits, with some of the said printed schedules, and at the same time produce, shew, and deliver to each of such justices one of the said printed acts and schedule, in order that they may appoint a convenient time and place foi the meeting herein after directed; and the said justices are hereby required to appoint the same, and to sign the precept contained in the said schedule, as herein after mentioned; and the said high constables, or other proper officers, after receiving such precept, shall fill up the blank in the precept, in every schedule, directing the time and place of the meeting, in like manner as they shall be appointed and filled up by the said justices, and shall, with all convenient speed, deliver, or cause to be delivered, one or more of such schedule to the rector, vicar, or officiating minister, and also to the churchwarden or churchwardens, chapelwarden or chapelwardens, in every parish, townftlip, or place, within their respective limits, and in places where there are no minister, churchwarden, or chapelwarden, to the overseer or overseers of the poor for such parish, township, or place, if any, and if there shall be no such overseer, to some substantial householder residing within the same, and shall also deliver to every such minister one of the printed copies of this act; and the said high constables, or other proper officers, shall subscribe their names at the foot of the precept contained in the said schedule, under the words there written for that purpose, before they deliver the same; and shall attend the said respective meetings so to be appointed by the justices, and then and there produce the said at, and receive the several answers and returns made by the minister and churchwarden, or other person before described, and endorse upon the back of each of them the

name

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 58. 605

name of the hundred, riding, division, rape, wapentake, lathe, precinct, franchise, liberty, city, or town corporate,

wherein the said parish, township, or place, therein mentioned, is situate, and transmit the same, together with a true and perfect list of the names of the minister and churchwarden or cha pelwarden, overseer and householder, of every parish, township, and place, to whom such schedule had been delivered by them respectively as aforesaid, to the several clerks of the peace, at the then next Michaelmas quarter sessions of the peace, or the adjournment thereof, (which adjournment the justices at such Michaelmas quarter sessions of the peace are required to make to some convenient day within one calendar month after such Michaelmas quarter sessions, in cases where any such return shall not be made at the said Michaelmas quarter session); and every such high constable, or other proper officer, shall forfeit, for every default or neglect in the premises, a sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds, at the discretion of the justice or justices before whom complaint thereof shall be made.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several justices of Justices to ap the peace, within their respective jurisdictions, to whom such porto Od: schedule shall have been delivered as aforesaid, shall, as soon as 1786, for conveniently may be after receiving the lamd, and seeing the the attend^act, appoint a time and place, or times and places, (which ance of uuui* time or times shall be before the fifteenth day of October, one ^hurchwar thousand seven hundred and eighty fix), for the rector and dens, vicar, or, in their absence, for the officiating minister and churchwarden or chapelwarden, or for the overseer or substantial householder, where there shall be no churchwarden or chapelwarden

as aforesaid within their respective jurisdictions, to attend them at such meeting or meetings for the purposes of this act, with returns and answers to the questions stated in the said schedule; and two or more of the said justices shall, and are iiereby required to cause notice in writing to be given of such meeting to such minister, and churchwardens or chapelwardens, overseers, or householder, respectively, by their precept, as hereinbefore directed, twenty-eight days at least before the day to be appointed for such meeting, requiring their attendance at such meeting for the purposes of this act; which precept shall be in the form or to the eftedt: contained in the said schedule.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the minister and church Ministers, et?. warden, chapelwarden, overseer, or householder, as aforesaid,

of every such parish, township, and place, shall, and are hereby ^"writtenre required to attend the justices of the peace at such meeting or turn upon meetings, and then and there deliver to the said justices in writ oath, ing, signed by them, upon oath, a just and true account of all charitable donations which have been, according to the best of their knowledge and information, given, by deed or will, for the benefit of poor persons, within their respective parishes or places, distinguishing, as far as they are able, by whom, when, and in what manner, and for what purpose, given; likewise,

Vol. XXXV S s whether

6o6 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 58, [1786.

whether such respective donations were in land or money, and in whom now vested, and what is the annual produce thereof, respectively; by way of answer and return to the said questions, as before directed.

Justices to V And be it further enacted, That the said justices of the turns etc and Peace and they are hereby also required, at such meeting administer an or meetings so to be appointed by them as aforesaid, to receive oath to the and take the answers and returns to be made by the minister minister, etc. and churchwardens, or chapelwardens, overseers, and householders, respectively, pursuant to the directions aforesaid, and then and there administer to them respectively the oath contained in the said schedule; and such justices, if they see cause, may, and they are hereby authorised to examine such minister, churchwarden, chapelwarden, overseer, and householder, respectively, upon oath, touching any of the matters contained in such questions and answers; the said justices shall then deliver < such answers and returns to the respective clerks of the peace, or town clerks, pursuant to the directions aforesaid, in order that the same may be transmitted to the clerk of the parliaments, as is herein directed

Penalty on

VI. And be it further enacted, That every minister and for^egledt.10' churchwarden, or chapelwarden, overseer, or householder, as aforesaid., making default in any of the matters hereby required,

shall, for every such neglect or default, forfeit a sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds, at the discretion of the justice or justices before whom complaint thereof shall be made.

a&toberead

VII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be pub fumrre^quar read in open court, at the next Midsummer quarter feffiter sessions ons f the peace, in every county, riding, division, city, liberty, wherever soke, franchise, town corporate, and place, where any general held, and in quarter sessions of the peace shall be held, and also by the church the ciating minister, in every parish church or chapel in that part Sunday next f Great Britain, called England, the first Sunday on which di after July 31, vine service shall be performed after the thirty first: day of July, 1786. one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, immediately after

Penalty on such service; and that in case any person or persons seized or making ais ny nor money which had, at any time before

covery of the said thirty first day of July, been conveyed or given, by lands or mo deed or will, to or for the use or benefit of any poor person or per ney. m their fons, shall wilfully neglect to make discovery thereof, on or be for charfuble ore le thirtieth day of September now next ensuing, to the purposes, pri minister, churchwarden, chapelwarden, overseer or householder, or to Sept. 30, of the parish or place where the persons live who are the objects s786.1 of such charity, he, (he, cr they so neglecting shall forfeit, for every such neglect, a sum equal to one half of the value of the land or money so given as aforesaid, to be recovered by a6iion, 'bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, in the courts of great session in Wales, or in the courts of the counties palatine oi Chester, Lancaster, and Durham > one moiety of the said penalty or forfeiture to go to9the

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 58. 607

the informer, or person suing for tljp same, and the other moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for such uses and purposes as he or they shall in their great wisdom direct.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid Fees to be aland allowed, for the trouble and expense of the several persons lowed for each employed in the transactions aforesaid, for every return which return

shall be so made and transmitted to the clerk of the peace pur -- suant to the directions aforesaid, the sums following, and no more; videlicet:

To the clerk of the peace, for the return which shall be made To the clerk from every parish, township, or place, the sum of one shilling: of the peace. To the high constable, town clerk, or other proper officer. High confta for the like, the sum of one shilling and sixpence: ble, C 13.6d.

To the clerk of the justices of the peace, for the like, the justices sum of sixpence. clerk, d.

And that the justices of the peace, at their respective quarter sessions which shall be held next after Michaelmas, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, shall, and are hereby required to make an order upon their respective treasurers, to pay the same out of the rates to be made and collected for the respective counties, ridings, divisions, precincts, fokes, franchises, liberties, cities, towns corporate, or places, herein before mentioned.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several forfeitures and How penalties

penalties inflicted by this act, where the method for recovering are to be thereof is hot hereby particularly directed, if not immediately anc

paid, shall be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods

and chattels, by virtue of a warrant under the hand and leal of any justice having jurisdiction where such offender shall dwell, rendering to the said offender the overplus (if any), after the charge of such distress and sale shall be deducted; and in case sufficient distress shall not be found, then it shall be lawful for such justice to commit such offender to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail, or main prize, for a term not exceeding twelve calendar months, nor less than six calendar months, at the discretion of such justice, unless the said forfeitures and charges shall be sooner paid; and the said forfeitures and charges, when recovered, shall be paid and applied, one moiety to the informer, and the other moiety to the said respective treasurers, in aid of the rates aforesaid; and any person shall be deemed a competent witness, for the execution of any of the purposes of this act, notwithstanding his paying or being liable to contribute to such rates.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any person shall Persons make wilfully and corruptly make a false oath, touching any of the ingfalfe oaths matters contained in this act, and be thereof duly convicted, he shall be, and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such comiptper pains and penalties as by any law now in being persons con jury, vided of wilful and corrupt perjury are liable to.

S s 2 SCHEDULE.

ai*no vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 58.

[1786. SCHEDULE;

Questions, to which answers are to be returned, by virtue of art act passed in the twerfty sixth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled An act for procuring returns upon oatby of all charitable donations, for the benefit of poor per fonsy in the several parishes or places within that part of Great Britain called England.

Question the ift. What charitable donations have been given, by deed or will, for the benefit of poor persons, within your parish [or place]; by whom, when, in what manner, and for what particular purpose, were they given, to the belt of your knowledge, information, and belief?

Question the 2d. Were the said respective donations in land or money; in whom are they now vested, and what is the annual produce thereof respectively, to the best of your knowledge, information, and belief?

Form of the Oath,

you shall sweary That the answers and return now made by ypuy^to the questions contained in the schedule hereunto annexedy are full and true answers to the said questions, to the befi of your know ledgey information, and belief

The RETURN to be annexed to the schedule, and endorsed by the high constable, town clerk, or other proper officer, receiving returns from the justices: Thus;

ANSWERS returned to the questions in the schedule annexed, from the parish [or place] of in the hundred [rape, wapentake, lathe, precinct, soke, franchise, liberty, division, city, town corporate, or place] of [as the case may be] the day of

ANS WERS to the First Question.

Name of the person who gave the Charity. When given. Whether by Will or Deed. For what Purpose given.

ANSWERS

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 58.

ANSWERS to the Second Question.

Whether in Land or Money. In whom now vested. Amount of in Money. Annual Produce.

L S. d.  S. d.

PRECEPT to the high constable, etc. [as the case shall be] m appointing a day and place for taking the answers and returns, and requiring the attendance of the minister and churchwardens, etc.

County, etc. 1 To the constable [or town clerk, etc.] of

5^.' [or ] within the hundred, [division, liberty,

to wi. j city, Qjr town QS caje may fcj Of jn

said county, etc. [as the case shall be],

IN order to carry into execution an at, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, for procuring returns, upon oath, of all charitable donations given by deed or will, for the benefit of poor persons, in the several parishes and places within that part of Great Britain called England, you are hereby required, with all convenient speed, to give, or cause to be given, notice to the rectors and vicars, or officiating ministers, churchwardens, and chapelwardens, of every parish within your district aforesaid; and, in places where there shall be no officiating minister, churchwarden, or chapel warden, to the overseer or overseers of the poor \ and if no overseer, to some substantial householder of such place, by delivering to each of them a printed copy of the schedule to the said act, with the time and place for the meeting filled up in the precept as herein appointed, that they are required to appear at on the day of next, at the hour of in the forenoon, then and there to deliver, upon oath, a just and true account of all charitable donations given by deed or will, for the benefit of poor persons, within their respective parishes and places, distinguishing, as far as may be, by whom, when, and in what manner, and for what purpose, given; likewise, whether such respective donations were in land or money, and in whom they are now vested, and what is the annual produce thereof respectively, on pain of forfeiting a sum not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds, for every neglect or

S s 3 default.

io Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59. [1786.

default. Given under our hands, the day of ja

the year of our Lord

The above precept contains the notice I am directed to give*yu

[Here the officer, required to give the notice, is to subjbibe his Name.]

NB. The high constables, town clerks, or other proper officers before they deliver the schedule, are required to fill up the blanks which shew the appointment of the day and place for the meeting, in the manner they are filled up by the justices who signed the precept.

The following list, when made out, must be signed by the high constable, C

List of the names of the minister and churchwardens or chapelwardens, overseers, and householders, [as the case shall be], of every parish, township, or place, to whom I have delivered the schedule, pursuant to the directions of this acct.

CAP. LIX.

An act for repealing certain duties now payable on wines imported, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof, to be collected under the management of the commissioners of excise.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled, Recital of 18 An act for granting to his Majesty several additional duties upon Geo. a. C 9. all wines imported into Great Britain, and for raising a certain and sum of money by annuities and a lottery, in manner therein mentioned, to be charged on the said additional duties), it was enacted, That, from and after the twenty fifth day of March, one; thousand seven hundred and fortyfive, over and above all subsidies of tonnage and9poundage, and all other subsidies and impositions whatsoever, due or payable for all wines imported into Great Britain, by any act or acts of parliament then in force, there Should be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, (before landing thereof), the additional impositions, rates, or duties following, without any discount or deduction inwards, or drawback upon the exportation afterwards; (that is to say). For every tonne of French wine which Should be imported into this kingdom, the sum of eight pounds, and so after that rate for any greater or leffier quantity \ and also for every tonne of all other wines imported into this kingdom, the sum of four pounds, and so after that rate for any greater or lesset* quantity: and also by another act, made in the third year of the reign A & 3 Geo. 3. of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for granting to his Mats 1*4 and jesty several additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom, and certain duties upon all cyder and perry; and for rising the sum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities and lotteries to be charged on the said

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59. Cn

duties), it was enacted, That, from and after the thirty first day of March, one thousand seven bundled and six ty three, over and above all subsidies of tonnage and poundage, and all other subsidies, additional duties, and other impositions whatsoever, due or payable for all wines imported into Great Britain, by any act or adds Gf parliament then in force, there Should be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, (before landing thereof), the additional impositions, rates, or duties following, without any discount or deduction inwards, or drawback upon re exportation afterwards; (that is to say). For every tonne of French wine which Should he imported into this kingdom, the sum of eight pounds, and so after that rate for any greater or lesser quantity; and also for every tonne of all other wines imported into this kingdom, the sum of four pounds, and so after that rate for any greater or lesser quantity: and also by another act, made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty several additional Act 18 Geo. 3. duties upon wines and vinegar imported into this kingdom), it C i \ was enacted, That, from and after the twentieth day of April, one thousand feveti hundred and seventy eight, over and above all subsidies of tonnage and poundage, and all other subsidies, additional duties, and impositions whatsoever, due or payable for all wines imported into Great Britain, by any act or acts of parliament then in force, there Should be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, (before landing thereof), the additional impositions, rates, or duties following, without any discount or deduction inwards whatsoever, or any drawback upon re exportation afterwards, except as therein after was provided; (that is to say). For every tonne of French wine which Should be imported into this kingdom, the sum of eight pounds and eight shillings, and so after that rate for any greater or lesser quantity \ and also for every tonne of all other wines imported into this kingdom, the sum of four pounds and four billings, and so after that rate for any greater or lesser quantity: and whereas, by virtue of another act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his said present Majesty, (entitled, An act for granting to his Majesty a6ti9geo.3. additional duties upon the produce of the several duties under, 25; and the management of the respective of of the customs and excise in Great Britain), an additional impofi or duty, after the rate of five pounds per centum, became charged upon the produce and amount of the said additional impositions, rates, or duties, so by the said in part recited acts imposed on French wine and other wines as aforesaid; and also by another act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his said present Majesty, (entitled, An act for granting a 20 Geo. 3. to his Majesty several additional duties upon wines and vinegar C 305 and imported into this kingdom), it was enacted, That, from and after the tenth day of May, one thousand feveti hundred and eighty, over and above all subsidies of tonnage and poundage, and all other subsidies, additional duties, and impositions whatsoever, due and payable for all wines imported into Great Britain by any act or acts of parliament then in force, there Should be raised, levied, collected and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, (before landing thereof), the additional impositions, rates, or duties following, without any dif

S $ 4 count

i Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59. [1786.

ar deduction inwards whatsoever; f rto ij to fayj, mry

tofi French wine which Should he imported into this kingdom, the sum of eight pounds, yi after that rate for any greater or lesser

quantity; and also for every tonne of all other wines imported into this kingdom, the sum of four pounds, and so after that rate for any greater or lesser quantity; and that the said additional duties thereby granted Should be also subject and liable to an additional impostor duty of five pounds per centum, as in the said act is mentioned: and whereas, by virtue of another att, made in the twenty second year of the reign of his said present Majesty, (intituled an act for granting C to his Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the several duties under the management of the respective of of the customs and excise in Great Britain), an additional impostor duty, after the rate of five pounds per centum, became charged upon the produce and amount of the said additional impositions, rates, or duties, Jo by the said in part recited acts imposed on French wine and other wines as aforesaid, except and exclusive of the additional impostor duty of five pounds per centum, commonly called The Impost one thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, which was granted by 1 an act made in the nineteenth year of his Majesty's reign, (entitled.

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon the produce of the several duties under the management of the respective of of the customs and excise in Great Britain): and whereas it is expedient to repeal the said additional impositions, rates, or duties herein before particularly mentioned, and by the said in part recited acts imposed on French wine and other wines respectively as aforesaid, and also the said additional impofls or duties so charged as aforesaid upon the produce and amount thereof; and in lieu thereof to grant unto his Majesty the several inland duties herein after mentioned: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia from July 5, ment assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from 1786, the ad an(j after tfre fifth fiay of July, one thousand seven hundred and onw^nes be 3 eighty fix the said additional impositions, rates, or duties herein fore specified before particularly mentioned, and by the said in part recited to cease. acts imposed on French wine and other wines respectively as aforesaid, and also the said additional imposts or duties so charged as aforesaid upon the produce and amount thereof, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering any arrears thereof respectively, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any penalty or forfeiture, penalties or forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred upon or at any time before the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.

II. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, From July jr, That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand 1786, the fol seven hundred and eighty six, there shall be raised, levied, col to'b*e^aid^for anc pad unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, over

wines unport and above ajl fubfjdies of tonnage and poundage, and all other d. subsidies.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59.

subsidies, duties, and impositions whatsoever (not repealed by this act) due and payable for any wine imported into Great Britain, by any act or acts of parliament now in force, the several inland duties herein after mentioned; (that is to say). For every tonne of French wine, which shall be imported into Great Britain, the sum of thirty-five pounds fourteen Shillings, and so after that rate for any greater or letter quantity; and also for every tonne of all other wines imported into Great Britain, the sum of seventeen pounds seventeen Shillings, and so after that rate for any greater or lesser quantity: provided always, That nothing in this a d contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make chargeable with the said duties hereby imposed, or any of them, any wines damaged, corrupt, or unmerchantable, and for which the merchants.or importers thereof shall refuse to pay or secure the duties, and which, by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, (entitled, An act for the improvement of his Majesty's revenues of customs, excise and inland duties), are on such reiufal directed to be received inro the custody of the proper officers of the customs, to be publicldy sold in order to be distilled into brandy, or to be made into vinegar.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such of the duties by this act imposed as shall arise in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the management of the commissioners of excise in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall aiiie in Scotland, shall be under the management of the commi limners of excise in Scotland for the time being.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That within twenty days next after the matter or purser for that voyage, of the ship or vessel wherein any foreign wine shall be imported or brought into this kingdom, shall have or ought to have made a just and true entry or report upon oath of the burden, contents, and lading of such ship or vessel, in pursuance of the directions of an act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, (entitled. An act for preventing frauds and regulating abuses in his Majesty customs), the proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, consignee or consignees, of any such foreign wine, shall make due entry with the collector of excise, ir the port or place where such wine shall be so imported, of all such wine, on board of such ship or vessel, belonging'to such proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, consignee or consignees, Ipecitying in such entry, if such wine be French wine, whether the same is French red wine or French white wine, and if such wine be foreign wine other than French wine, whether the same is foreign white wine or foreign red wine, not French; and shall then, and before the landing of any such wine, satisfy and p3y the duties by this act imposed on such wine, and shall also, within such twenty days, land all such wine; and if such proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, consignee or consignees shall

negleil

613

For French wine, 35l.143* per tonne:

for other wines, 17k 17s. per tonne.

Not to extend to damaged wines, which are to be foldt to make brandy, C

Duties to be under the management or the excise

If within to days after entry (hold be made of the vessel, according to act 13 & 14 Car. C 11. due entry of the wine be not made at the port of.impor tation, cit may be conveyed to the king's ware house, and in three month foid, ifthe duties, C be not paid

'Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59. [1786.

neglect or refuse to make due entry, or to pay such duties, or to land any such wine within such twenty days, it shall and may be lawful for any officer or officers of the customs or excise to convey such wine, together with the calks, bottles, and packages containing the same, tp his majesty's warehouse or warehouses, for security as well of the said duties by this at imposed on fudh wine, as also all other duties due or payable in re spedfc of such wine; and if as well the said duties by this act imposed on such wine, as all other duties due or payable in respect of such wine, shall not be fully paid and satisfied within the space of three months from the time such wine shall be so conveyed to such warehouse or warehouses, the said respective of of the customs in England and Scotland, or the major part of them, for the time being (in case such wine shall be so conveyed to such warehouse or warehouses by any officer or officers of the customs), and the said respective commissioners of excise, of the major part of them, for the time being (in case such wine shall be so conveyed to such warehouse or warehouses by any officer or officers of excise), shall and may cause such wine, casks, bottles, and packages to be publicly sold to the best bidder, at such places as the said respective of of the customs or excise, as the case may require, shall think proper, for and towards satisfying as well the said duties hereby imposed on such wine, as all other duties due or payable in respect of such wine, and also the costs, charges, and expenses attending the conveying of such wine, casks, bottles, and packages, to such warehouse or warehouses, and of the keeping and sale of such wine, calks, bottles, and packages; and if the money arising from the sale thereof shall be more than sufficient to pay and satisfy the duties hereby imposed, and all the money due or payable for the custom duties for and in respect of such wine, together with such costs, charges, and expenses, the respective receivers general of the customs in England and Scotland for the time being (in case the said respective of of the customs, or the major part of them respectively, shall cause such wine to be sold) shall pay over to the said respetftivjc of ot excise so much of such excess or surplus as will be sufficient to satisfy the duties hereby imposed on such wine; and the said respective commissioners of excise (in case they, or the major part of them respectively, shall cause such wine to be sold) shall pay over to the said respective receivers general of the customs so much of such excess or surplus as will be Efficient to satisfy the money due or payable for the custom duties for or in respetft of such wine; and the overplus (if any be) shall be paid to the proprietor or proprietors, or other person or persons authorised to receive the same: and in case the money arising from the sale of the said wine shall not be sufficient to satisfy the whole of the said duties hereby imposed on such wine, and all the said custom duties due or payable in respect of such wine, together with such costs, charges, and expenses as aforesaid, the said respective of of the qustoms or excise, as the

case

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59; i

case may require, shall first discharge and pay all such costs,

charges, and expenses, and shall divide the residue of such money into two sums of money! in the proportion of three to two; and the said respective of of the customs (in case they, or the major part of them respectively, shall cause such wine to be sold) shall pay over the least ol such two sums of money to the said respective commissioners of excise, towards satisfying the duties hereby imposed on such wine; and the How the mo said respeuve commissioners of excise (in case they or the ma ney arising jor part of them respectively shall cause such wine to be sold) shall pay over the greatest of such two sums of money to the e dead said respective receivers general of the customs, towards satisfy when infusing the money due or payable for the custom duties for or in cient to pay respect of such wine. the whole of

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 1 e uties# That the receipts of the said respective commissioners of excise Receipts of shall be a sufficient discharge to the said respective receivers general

of the customs, foj^such money as they shall so pay to the excisean(j said respective commissioners of excise; and the receipts of the customs to aid respective receivers general of the customs shall be a suffi be sufficient cient discharge to the said respective commissioners of excise, for discharges. such moneys as they shall so pay to the said respective receivers general; and such receipts shall severally be allowed by the proper officer or officers, in passing the accounts of the said re spe&iye commissioners of excise and receivers general of the customs

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all foreign wine which shall be unshipped, landed, or de Wine landed livered from or out of any ship, vessel, or boat, before as well before the da the duties hereby imposed, as all other duties payable in respect foerfeftr^p.aand of such wine, shall be fully paid or secured to be paid, shall be persons a/fift /orfeited and lost, together with the calks, bottles, jars, and ing the rein, packages containing the same, and such wine, calks, bottles, etc. to forfeit jars, and packages, shall and may be seized by any officer or the officers of the customs or excise; and if any person or persons w; northeast shall unfship, land, or deliver, or cause or procure to be unshipped, landed, or delivered, or be aiding or assisting in the un shipping, landing, or delivering, from or out of any ship, vessel, or boat, any foreign wine before as well the said duties hereby imposed, a all other duties payable in respect of such wine, shall be fully paid or secured to be paid, or shall hide or conceal, or cause or procure to be hidden or concealed, any such wine so unshipped, landed, or delivered as aforesaid, or hairre ceive into his, her, or their hands, custody, or possession, any such wine so unshipped, landed, or delivered as aforesaid, he, she, or they, knowing the same to have been so unshipped, landed, or delivered as aforesaid, such person or persons, and each and every of them, shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose treble the value of such wine, to be estimated according to the belt and highest rate and price which wine of

6 % 6 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59* [178&

the best quality, of that kind, shall sell for in London at the time when such forfeiture shall be incurred.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Wine brought That where any wine shall be imported or brought into Great tnore^than 60* Britain or into any port, harbour, haven, or creek thereof, tonnes forfeit from foreign parts, in any ship, vessel, or boat, of the burden ed, with the of sixty tonnes or under, then not only the said wine, but also the vessel, unless said ship, vessel, or boat, in which the same shall be so import such wine be^with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and ap the crew^and Parel, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by not greater in any officer or officers of the customs or excise: provided always.

That nothing in this at contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to forfeit any wine for being imported or brought into Great Britain, or into any port, harbour, haven, or creek thereof, in any ship, vessel, or boat of the burden of sixty tonnes, or under, or any such ship, vessel, or boat, for having so imported or brought therein any such wine (provided there be no spirituous liquors on board such ship, vessel, or boat, at the time of such importation or bringing of any such wine), if such wine so imported or brought shall be for the use of the seamen then belonging to and on board such ship, vessel, or boat, and shall not exceed the quantity of two gallons for each such seaman, or in case any spirituous liquors shall, at the time of such importation or bringing of any such wine, be on board such ship, vessel, or boat, for the use of such seamen, and shall be less in quantity than two gallons for each such seaman, if the quantity of wine and spirituous liquors, taken together, be not more than two gallons in the whole for each such seaman.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven

1786, whole hundred and eighty six, no person or persons shall deal in or sale dealers m fej[ foreign wine by wholesale, without first taking out a licence to^ake outsr tat purpose, in manner herein after mentioned, before he, 7 licences, (he, or they shall so deal in or sell foreign wine by wholesale; are to and that if any such licence shall be taken out within the limits^thrantfd of the chief office of excise in London, the same shall be granted wi out ees. uncjer tie kancjs and seals of two or more of the commissioners of excise for the time being, or of such person or persons as the said commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, for the time being, shall from time to time appoint for that purpose; but if any such licence shall be taken out in any part of England or ivales, not within the said limits, or in the town of Berwick upon Tweed, the same shall be granted under the hands and seals of the several collectors and supervisors of excise, within their re spedfive collections and districts; and in case any such licence shall be taken out within the limits of the city of Edinburgh, the same shall be granted under the hands and seals of two or more of the commissioners of excise in Scotland, for the time being, or of such person or persons as the commissioners of excise in Scotland,

quantity than herein speci

ed.

From July 5,

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59, 617

Scotland, or the major part of them, for the time being, shall from time to time appoint for that purpose; or if any such licence shall be taken out in any other part of Scotland, without the said limits of the city of Edinburgh, then the same shall be granted under the hands and Teals of the several collectors and supervisors of excise in Scotland, within their respective collections and districts; and such respective commissioners of excise, or two or more of them, respectively, and the persons so to be appointed by them, or the major part of them, respectively, and also all such collectors and supervisors, are hereby respectively authorised and required to grant such licences, to the persons who shall apply for the same without fee or reward.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons shall deal in foreign wine by whole Licences to sale, after the expiration of twelve months from the time of be renewed taking out any such licence as aforesaid, unless such person or annua h persons shall take out fresh licences, in the manner herein be fore directed, ten days at lead before the expiration of twelve months from the time of taking out such former licence, and foin like manner from year to year; and that if any person or persons fellfng persons shall deal in foreign wine by wholesale, without first wine without taking out such licence, and renewing the same yearly, in man for

ner aforesaid, he, she, or they, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose one hundred pounds: provided always, That per One licence fons dealing in or selling foreign wine by wholesale, in partner Efficient for a ship, and in one house or (hop only, shall not be obliged to o^house* take out more than one licence in any one year for dealing in or selling foreign wine by wholesale; and that no one licence No licence to which shall be granted by virtue of this act, shall authorise or authorise the empower any person or persons to deal in or sell foreign wine in sale of wine any other warehouse, storehouse, roomj (hop, cellar, vault, or jha^the^ace other place, (other than and except on the lawful quays upon oftntry.* which such wine shall have been first landed, and whilst such wine shall be openly lying on such quays), than such warehouses, storehouses, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, or other places, whereof entry in writing shall be made at the office of excise, according to the directions of this act, at the time of granting such licence.

X Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for commissioff the said respective commissioners of excise, or the major part of ers may im- them for the time being, to authorise and empower any audio 5oneew tofell near, duly licensed according to an a eft, made in the nineteenth foreign wine " year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for al by auction tering, amending, and enforcing so much of an act, made in the seven on proof of teenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences to be taken 3*out by all persons acting as audioneers; and certain rates and duties on all lands, houses, goods, and other things sold by auction, and upon indentures, leases, bonds, deeds, and other instruments, as relates to the method of granting licences to auctioneers,

arid

61 $ Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 53. [ 17 SG.

end to the collecting the duties on estates and goods sold by auslion^ to sell by auction, and for such auctioneer, so authorised and im. powered, accordingly to sell by auction, any foreign wine, if it be first proved to the said respective of, or the major part of them, that all the duties due or payable in respect of such foreign wine have been fully paid, the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgement of the said respective of, or the major part of them; and such auctioneer, so authorised and empowered, shall not be liable to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture by this at imposed, for or in respect of such sale.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, out licen?1"^anc every person and persons to whom any licence for

forretauing retailing of foreign wine shall be granted, and who shall not foreign wine, take out either a licence for retailing spirituous liquors, or a LI to be deemed cence for retailing of beer, ale, or other exciseable liquors, shall wholefave be deemed and taken to be a dealer or dealers in foreign wine the/have not Y wholesale, within the meaning of this ai; and if any wine, licences for either foreign wine, or by the person or persons dealing in or retailing fpi selling the same pretended to be foreign wine, shall at any time rituous LI be sold by any such person or persons, such sale shall be deemed ^ethave 'to an taken to be a dealing in and selling foreign wine by whole bedeemedre fa^e> within the meaning of this al 5 and that all and every tail dealers, person and persons having a licence granted to him, her, or them, either for retailing of spirituous liquors, or for retailing of beer, ale, or other exciseable liquors, shall be deemed and taken to be a dealer or dealers in foreign wine by retail, within Not to extend the meaning of this act: provided always, That nothing herein t the two before contained shall in any wise be prejudicial to the privileges umveritiea. Of the two universities in that part of Great Britain, called England, or either of them, nor to the chancellors or scholars of the same or their successors; but that they may use and enjoy such privileges as they have heretofore lawfully used and enjoyed, anything herein contained to the contrary not with (landing: provided also, That nothing herein before contained shall extend to be prejudicial to the master, wardens, freemen, and commonalty of the vintners of the city of London, or to any other city or town corporate; but that they may use and enjoy such liberties and privileges as they have heretofore lawfully used and enjoyed: provided nevertheless. That no person who shall be admitted to the freedom of the said company of vintners of the city of London by redemption only, shall be exempted from the obligation of taking out a licence for selling or uttering wine by retail, but that the freemen only of the said company who have been already admitted to their freedom, or who shall be admitted to their freedom in right of patrimony or apprenticed, shall be entitled to such exemption: provided also. That nor thing herein before contained shall in any wise extend to debar or hinder the mayor or burgesses of the borough of Saint Albans, in the county of Hertford, or their successors, from enjoying, wsing, and exercising all such liberties, powers, and authorities

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59. 6ig

to them heretofore granted, by several letters patent under the great seal of England, by Queen Elizabeth and King James the First, for the erecting appointing, and licensing of three several wine taverns within the borough aforesaid, for and towards the maintenance of the free school there \ but that the same liberties, powers, and authorities shall be and are hereby established and confirmed, and shall remain and continue in and to the said mayor and burgesses, and their successors, to and for the charitable use aforesaid, and according to the tenor of the letters patent aforesaid, as though this act had never been made; anything in ad contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: provided always, and be it declared, That nothing herein con No person tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt any whatsoever to person or persons who shall sell or utter any kind of wine or wines, or any liquor called or reputed Wine, by the pint, quart, without tak pottle, or galion, or by ny other greater or less measure, or in ing out a II bottles in any less quantity than shall be equal to the measure cence. of the cask, or vessel in which the same shall have been, or may lawfully be imported, from taking out a licence for retailing wine in such and the same manner as they now are by law required, and as if this act had never been made.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all dealers in and sellers of foreign wine shall make true Entry to be and particular entry in writing of all warehouses, storehouses, ^rehouses rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, and other places, by him, her, or on pe them respectively made use of for the keeping of wine for sale, at nalty of 100l. the office of excise within the compass or limits whereof such and forfeiture respective warehouses, fiorehouses, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, ^et^?nwme and other places, shall be situated, on pain of forfeiting the sum 1 of one hundred pounds for every such warehouse, storehouse, room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place, which shall be so made use of by any such dealer or dealers, or seller or sellers, without having made such entry as aforesaid, together with all wine that shall be found therein, and also the calks, jars, bottles, vessels, sind packages whatsoever, containing such wine: provided always,

That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be deemed Exception or construed to extend, to make any dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of, foreign wine by wholesale, liable to the said penalty of one hundred pounds, for or by reason of any sale of any foreign wine, whilst the same shall be lying openly on the lawful quays on which such wine shall have been first landed.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any entry shall be made by any dealer or dealers Persons make in, or seller or sellers of, foreign wine, of any warehouse, lore ins enti7 of house, room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place, for the keeping tered tctbe of wine for sale, no other dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers deemed deal of wine, not being in partnership with such dealer or dealers, or ers without seller or sellers, making such first entry, shall, on any pretence entry, C whatsoever, make entry of the same, or of any other warehouse, 'storehouse, room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place whatsoever, within the same house or tenement in which such first entry (half

then

Every place for keeping or selling wine must have thereon the words dealer fn foreign wine, on penalty of 50l.

Persons putting those words, on unentered places, to forfeit 100l. can

account of the wine in ftdre on July 5, 17s6, to be delivered at the next office of excise, within three days, or the same to^eforfeited.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 55^ fi

then be existing; but every such dealer or dealers, or seller or sellers, making such further entry of the same, or any other such warehouse, storehouse, (hop, room, cellar, vault, or other place, in such same house or tenement, shall, notwithstanding such further entry by him, her, or them made, be deemed and taken to be a dealer in foreign wine without entry, and shall be subject to the like penalties and forfeitures as dealers in foreign wine without entry are subject unto by virtue of this al

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all, and every dealer and dealers in, and seller and sellers of, ^foreign wine by wholesale, shall cause to be painted or written, ^, r in large legible characters, over the outer door, or in the front

or on some conspicuous part of each and every house, warehouse, storehouse, room, (hop, cellar, vault, and other place, by him, her, or them respectively made use of for the keeping of foreign wine for sale, the words Dealer in Foreign Wine, upon pain of forfeiting, for every such house, warehouse, storehouse, room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place which shall be so made use of by any such dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of, foreign wine respectively, without having the said words painted or written as is hereby directed, the sum of fifty pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever, other than such as shall have duly made entry at the proper offices of excise of the places by them respectively made use of for keeping foreign wine for sale, shall paint or write, or cause to be painted or written, over the door, or in the front of any place to them respectively belonging, the words Dealer in Foreign Wine, every person and persons respectively offending therein shall forfeit and lose the lum of one hundred pounds, and shall also be subject to the several penalties and forfeitures to which persons selling of, or dealing in, foreign wine without entry are subjected to by virtue of this act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all dealers in, and sellers of, foreign wine shall, on the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, or within three days then next ensuing, deliver, or cause to be delivered, at the office of excise within the limits whereof their respective warehouses, storehouses, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, and other places, by him, her, or them made use for keeping wine for sale, shall be situated, a just, true, and particular account in writing of the quantity of all the foreign wines which shall, on the said fifth day of July, be or have been in the custody or possession of any such dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of, foreign wine, distinguishing such foreign wines from each other, according to the true denominations thereof, under the following descriptions of French red wine, and French white wine, in case the same be French wine, and of foreign red wine not French, and foreign white wine not French, in case the same shall be foreign wine, other than French wine, on pain of forfeiting, for every neglect to deliver or cause to be delivered such account, all

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59. 621

such foreign wine whereof no such account shall be so delivered, together with the calks, bottles, jars, vessels, and packages, containing the same; and such foreign wine, calks, bottles, jars, vessels, and packages, so forfeited, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise; all wine in bottles to be so accounted for without expressing the number of gallons which they contain.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the officers of excise, Officers may, qr any or either of them, from time to time, and at all times, by* ^eesj day and by night, upon his or their request, (but if in the night, houses, C to in the presence of a constable or other officer of the peace), to en take an ac ter into all and every the warehouses, storehouses, rooms, (hops, count of cellars, vaults; and other places made use of by any dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of, foreign wine, whether by wholesale pr by retail, for keeping wine, and by tailing, gauging, or Otherwise, to take an account of the quantity and quality of all the wine and other liquors which shall at any time be in his, her, their, or any of their custody, in cask, or in any vessel or vessels except bottles; and also to take an account of the wine or other liquors which shall at any time be in his, 'her, or their custody, ia battles, in any other manner than by tasting the same, or by. uncorking or opening the bottles containing such ^.:

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the officers Officers to be of excise, or, any or either of them, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to take, at any time or times, a sample or on"payfog for, fanh.ples of foreign wine, whether in bottles or in cask, or in the same, on any other vessel or vessels, paying far the same, for every quart penalty of of wine, the usual price thereof; and in case any dealer or deal lool' ers in, or seller or sellers of, foreign wine, or any workman or servant to him, her, or them belonging, shall refuse to permit such officer or officers to take such sample or (ampies as aforesaid, upon his, or their offering to pay for the same after the rate aforesaid, or shall anywise obstruct or hinder him or them in taking such sample or samples, such dealer or dealers ih, or seller or sellers of, foreign wine, shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all dealers in and sellers of foreign wine, who shall have The quality or receive into their custody any foreign wine, shall, from time ad quantity to time, distinctly mark in the most conspicuous part of each and e marked every cask, jar, bottle, and other vessel capable of containing on au vessels, above the quantity of three galions, and in which they shall containing keep any foreign wine, the number of gallons which such cask, moj*e than 3 jar, bottle, and other vessel is capable of containing, and also the sort of such wine then kept or contained therein, specifying, if it be French wine, whether the same is French red wine ox French white wine; and, if the same be foreign wine other thaxi French Vol. XXXV T t wine,

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59. [1786.

yvine, whether the same is foreign red wine, or foreign white wine on pain of forfeiting such wine as shall at any time be kept or contained in any such cask, jar, bottle, and other vessel, together with such calk, jar, bottle, and other vessel containing such wine; and all such wine, together with such cask, jar, bottle or other vessel, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of, 'foreign wine, is and are hereby required to shew to the officer of excise

a^ping, wmt't r r J a1 /fitii t 1

to be shewn to under whose survey he, she, or they shall then be, each and the officer, or every cask, vessel j and utensil capable of containing above the If quantity of three galions, and every bin, or other place, irv

which he, she, or they shall keep any foreign wine, on pain of forfeiting all such wine as shall at any time be found in any such cask, vessel, utensil, and bin, or other place, used for keeping of wine, which has not been so shewn to such officer as aforesaid, together with such cask, vessel, or utensil; and.such cask, vessel, or utensil, so forfeited, together with such wine found therein, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise; and such officer shall mark such calks, vessels, utensils, bins, or other place, used for keeping of wine, so shewn to him, or any or either of them, with a particular, distinct and durable mark; and if any person or persons whatsoever shall, at any time after made b the any bin, cask, vessel, or utensil shall have been so marked Officer noto by such officer as aforesaid, rub out or deface any such mark so be defaced, on fixed upon any such cask, vessel, utensil, or bin, or other place,

Calks and

placea for keeping wine

the wine to be forfeited.

Marks on calks, e

penalty of

I

No bin, C containing more than 3. galions, to be erected, enlarged, or used, without notice being given to the excise, on penalty of L

used for keeping of wine, by such officer as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of, foreign wine shall, without notice first thereof given at the office of excise, within the compass or limits whereof his, her, or their respectivq warehouses, storehouses, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, and other places shall be situated, ered or let tip any vessel, utensil, or other convenience for keeping or containing wine, and capable of containing above the quantity of three galions, or alter or enlarge any bin, vessel, or utensil for keeping or containing wine, and capable of containing above the quantity of three galions, which is already erected or setup, or shall hereafter be eredfed or setup, or shall have or keep any bin, vessel, or utensil for keeping; or containing wine, and capable of containing above the quantity of three galions, other than such as are openly kept and used in his, her, or their entered warehouse, storehouse, room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place made use of by him, her, or them for keeping of foreign wine, and discovered and known to the officer of excise under whose survey such dealer or dealers, or seller or sellers, shall then be, on pain to forfeit and lof for every such bin, vessel, or utensil so. erected or setup, or

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. zfy Gzg

hereafter to be erected or setup, or altered or enlarged or kept without such notice given as aforesaid, or without being so discovered and known, the sum of fifty pounds.:

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

all and every dealer and dealers in, and seller - sod sellers -

of, foreign wine by wholesale, shall, before he, she, or they shall intention to begin to draw off or bottle any foreign wine, give' to the officer'draw off of excise under whose survey such dealer or dealers, or seller or ^, ene sellers shall then be, six hours notice in writing, within the limits of the chief office of excisein London and twelve hours notice in cer mav at writing in other places in Great Britain of his, her, or their intend, and tention to draw off or bottle any foreign wine, and of the time declaration to when, and the particular warehouse, jftorehouse, root {je^lace0 cellar, vault, or other place, in which such foreign wine is in where it is ta tended to be drawn off or bottled, and the quantity thereof, and be deposittd. into how many casks, bottles, or other vessels the same is intended to be drawn off or bottled; and if such wine, so intended to be drawn off or bottled, be French wine, whether the same is French red wine or French white wine; or, if such winey' so intended to be drawn off or bottled, be not French wine, whether the same is foreign red wine, riot French, or foreign white wine, not French, and from what particular cask or other vessel, or casks or other vessels, such wine is so intended to be drawn off or bottled; and such officer shall, if he, shall deem it expedient so to do, attend to see such foreign wine drawn off or bottled, and the same shall be drawn off or bottled in the presence of such officer, if he shall attend pursuant to such notice; and such wine shall also be packed or piled in the presence of the officer of excise under whose survey such dealer or dealers, or seller or sellers, shall then be, or, in default of the same being packed onpiled in the presence of such officer, such dealer or dealers, or seller or sellers, shall, immediately upon such wine being drawn off or bottled as aforesaid, or in case the officer shall not be then present, then upon such officer's next survey, make to such officer a declaration into what particular bin, or in what particular part of his warehouses, storehouses, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, or other entered places, such wine is intended to be, or hail, have been, paeked, piled, or deposited, and when such dealer or dealers, or seller or sellers, intends or intend to pack, pile, ordeposit the same, according to such declaration, and such wine shall be piled or deposited according to such declaration; and ho foreign No wine tcf wine shall be removed from the bin or place in which the same be. removed shall be paeked, piled, or deposited, according to the directions^p 1 of this at, into any other bin or place, in any such warehouses storehouses, rooms, shops, cellars, vaults, or other entered places before such dealer or dealers, or seller or sellers, shall have given to such officer six hours notice in writing, within the limits of the said chief office, and twelve hours notice in writing, in other places in Great Britain, of his, her, or their intention so to remove the same, and of the particular bin or place, in any such warehouses storehouses rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, or other

'Penalty on bottling

624 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. 0* 59. [1786.

entered places, to which the same is intended so to be removed; and if any such dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of, foreign wuic C w*ne> shall begin to draw off or bottle any such/foreign wine, w^ontgiving w^bout giving such notice as is in that behalf herein before di dne notice. 5 redted to; be given, or, in default of such wine being packed or piled in the presence of such officer as aforesaid, shall neglect to make such declaration as aforesaid, or to pack, pile, or deposit such wine according to such declaration, or shall remove any foreign wine from the bin or place in which the same shall be paeked, piled, or deposited, according to the directions of this adfc, into any other bin or part of any such warehouses, storehouses, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, or other entered places, without giving such notice as is in that behalf herein before directed to be given, he, (he, pr they shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds: provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to make any dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of, foreign wine liable to the said penalty of fifty pounds, for or by. reason of his drawing off or bottling any foreign wine bottles drawn; mo a number of bottles more or less, by a small quantity, than notice Specified, in such notice herein before directed to begiv

en, as the number of bottles into which such wine was intended' If wine be to be drawn off or bottled: provided also, That if any dealer oc not begun to dealers, in, or seller or sellers of, foreign wine by wholesale, foin j with to an tt tending to draw off or bottle such foreign wine, shall not begin hour after the and proceed to draw off or, bottle such wine at the time mention time men ed in such notice in that behalf herein before directed, or with

tioned, the in one hour after such time, then such notice shall be void, and

vdd* to^fpch dealer or dealers, or seller or sellers, so intending to draw off or: bottle such wine, shall give a fresh notice to such officer or officers of the time when, and the particular warehouse, storehouse, room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place in which such wine is intended to be drawn off or bottled, and the quantity thereof, and into how many casks, bottles, jars, or other vessels, the same is intended to be drawn, off or bottled; and, if such wine so intended to be drawn off or bottled be French wine, whether the same is French red wine or French white wine, or, if such wine faintended to be drawn off or bottled be not French

Persons not liable to penalty for a small difference in the number of

wine, whether the same is foreign red wine or foreign white wine, and from what particular cask, jar, or other vessel, casks, jars, or other vessels, such wine is so intended to be drawn off or Wine may be bottled s provided always, nevertheless, That nothing in this act drawn off at contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to be^fcntout make !t unlawful to or for any dealer or dealers in, or seller or

immediately. V foreign wine by wholesale, to draw off or bottle any

foreign wine, at his, her, or their free will and pleasure, for the purpose of immediately sending out the same, without giving such notice to the officer of excise under whose survey such dealer or dealers, or seller or sellers, shall then be, of his, her, or their intention to draw off or bottle such foreign wine \ but that ft shall and may be lawful to and for any such dealer or

u dealers.

He. )y

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59. 625

dealers, or seller or sellers, to draw off or bottle any foreign wine, at his, her, or their free will and pleasure, for the purpose of immediately sending out the same, without giving such notice to the officer of excise under whose survey such dealer or dealers, or seller or sellers, shall then be, of his, her, or their intention to dtaw off or bottle such foreign wine, without being liable to the said penalty of fifty pounds for drawing off or bottling such foreign wine without giving such notice as is herein before directed to be given; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every dealer and dealers in, and seller and sellers Different sorts of, foreign wine, shall keep all French red wine, in his, her, or of wines to be their custody or possession, separate and apart, and in separate^casks, bottles, jars, vessels, utensils, piles, pareels, and divi I00j4 1 y fions, from all other wine; and shall also, in like manner, keep all French white wine, in his, her, or their custody or possession, separate and apart, and in separate bins, casks, bottles, jars, vessels, utensils, piles, pareels, and divisions, from all other wine; and shall also, in like manner, keep all foreign red wine, (other than French wine) in his, her, or their custody or possession, separate and apart, and in separate bins, casks, bottles, jars, vessels, utensils, piles, pareels, and divisions, from all other wine; and shall also, in like manner, keep all foreign white wine (other than French wine) in his, her, or their custody or possession, separate and apart, and in separate bins, casks, bottles, jars, vessels, utensils, piles, pareels, and divisions, from all other wine, upon pain of forfeiting, for every such offence, the sum of fifty pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all dealers in, and sellers of, foreign wine, otherwise than Penalty on by wholesale, who shall have or receive into his, her, or their retajl dealers custody, any cyder, spirituous liquors, or other liquors, shall keep cvder&c^in the same separate and apart from foreign wine, upon pain of separateplaces forfeiting the sum of ten Shillings for every gallon of cyder, from foreign spirituous liquors, or other liquors, which shall not be so kept wines, separate and apart from foreign wine, together with all such foreign wine, cyder, spirituous liquors, and other liquors, and the casks, bottles, jars, vessels, and other packages containing the same; and such foreign wine, cyder, spirituous liquors, and other liquors, casks, bottles, jars, vessels, and packages, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of, foreign wine, Dealers in so shall have in his, her, or their custody or pefsession, any British rcisn wine made wine or sweets, oq pain of forfeiting all such british mae j wine or sweets which shall be at any time found in the custody possession, on or possession of such dealer or dealers, or seller or sellers, and penalty of also the sum often Shillings for every gallon of such British wine forfeiture, cor sweets, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity:eex "

provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or qj^ntity in

T t 3 be hand, on July

An account to be kept of the qnan tity of wine daily sold.

62$ Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59. [1786.

5, 1736, which be deemed or construed to extend, to prevent any dealer or deal*j*15Y bt^o]d rs in^or seller or sellers of, foreign wine, from having in his, 1786? CC her, or their custody Qr possession, or from feeling, at any time before the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, any rrilish made wines or sweets, which he, she, or they, shall really and bona fide have in his, her, or their custody or possession, at the time of the delivery of such account of the quantity of the foreign wines in the custody or possession of such dealer or dealers, or seller or sellers, at the excise office, as is herein before directed.

XXVI. Andy for the better ascertaming the quantities of foreign wine which shall from time to time be sold by dealers iny and sellers ofy foreign ivine^ be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such dealers in, and sellers of, foreign wine, shall from time to jtime keep an account of all foreign wine which they, or any of them, respectively shall fell, send out, or consume in each day, in small quantities under three galions, expressing the number of gallons or bottles fp sent out or consumed; and shall every day enter into a book, to be kept for that purpose, an account of the grof quantities of the said foreign wine which have beer by him, her, or them respectively, so sold, sent out, or contained, in she preceding day, in small quantities under three gal r Ions; and such dealers in, or sellers of, foreign 'wine, shall also keep one other book, wherein they shall respectively enter each parcel of foreign wine of the quantity of three gallons or more, which they shall respectively sell or send out in each day, expressed The quantity sing the number of gallons or bottles so sold or sent out; which' lon^not to be parpe's of foreign wine, of the quantity of three gallons or re moved more, shall not be removed out of the respective sellers custody out a permit without a permit, signed by the proper officer or officers of excise, expressing the quantity of all such foreign wines, distingui thing in such permit such foreign wines from each other, according to the denominations thereof specified in the request note, according to the directions of this at, and expressing the name and names of the person or persons so selling or fending' out, and of the person or persons to whom the same is intended to be sent, and the place, to which the same is intended to be carried, and that the duties by this act charged on such foreign wines were paid, or that the said foreign wines were condemned as forfeited, or were part of the flock in hand of some person or persons, expressing his, her, or their name or names, of which an account had been taken in pursuance of this act; which said books shall be, and are hereby directed to be prepared for the cife/and when making such entries as aforesaid, and delivered, upon demand, filled up, to unto such dealers in, and sellers of, foreign wine respectively, by be returned the said respective commissioners of excise, or such person or per to the officer, fons as tkey pe laid comn>ifljoners, or the major part of them.

Entry books to be provided by the ex

yerined on oath

shall for that purpose direct and appoint: provided always, That ip such dealer or dealers, or seller or sellers, shall have in his, her, or their custody more than one such book of each fort at 3 time, and when the said books in their custody shall be filled up,

lip

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59; 627

the same shall from time to time be severally returned to the respective officers from whom the same was respectively received, and the truth of the entries made therein shall be verified upon the oath of such dealer or dealers, or seller or sellers, or his, her, or their servant or servants who kept the same, and made the entries therein, according to the best of his, her, or their knowledge and belief (which oath such respective officers are hereby authorised to administer), and one or more new book or books shall thereupon be delivered to such respective dealers in, or sellers of, foreign wine, in the room of such book or books so returned, and so toties quoties, as often as such book or books shall be filled up with such entries; which said books, so kept by such reentry books spective dealers or sellers, shall from time to time lie open to be ^, ie open perused by the officer of excise under whose survey such respective speftion of dealers in and sellers of foreign wine shall then be, the better to the officer, enable them to keep their flocks of the increase and decrease of such foreign wine; and that such dealers in and sellers of foreign wine shall, immediately upon every request of the officer of excise under whose survey such respective dealers in and sellers of foreign wine shall then be, fill up such book and books re spedhvely with the quantities by them sold in each day: provided, Penalty on always. That if any such dealer or dealers, seller or sellers, shall neglect or refuse to keep such bpoks, and make such entries*therein, or to permit the officer or officers of excise, under whose survey such respective dealers or sellers shall then be, to inspect them, or not return the said books, or not fill up such books on request as aforesaid, according to the directions of this actor shall make any false entry in such book or books, he, she, or they shall? for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any officer or officers of excise shall at any tiipe or times an e*ceft

discover or find, that the quantity of French red wine, French *

white wine, foreign red wine (other than French red wine) or founrj jt -13 foreign white wine (other than French white wine) in the flock forfeited and of any dealer or dealers in or seller or sellers of foreign wine by also double it wholesale, added to the quantity for which permits shall have value been granted since the last account was taken of such flock, and also to the quantity or quantities sold, sent our, or consumed in small quantities under three gallons since such last account was taken, and for which proper entries shall appear to be made in the book herein before directed to be kept for entering therein such wine as shall be sold, consumed, or sent out in small quantities under three galions, according to the directions of this act, exceeds the flock left in hand on the taking of such last account, added to the quantity of such wine since received by permit, the quantity of wine so found in excgfs, by whatever liquor the same shall have been made, and whether the same shall be mixed or mingled, or unmixed or unmingled, shall be deemed and taken to be made by foreign wine for which no duty has been paid, and which had been privately brought in by such dealer or

a Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59. [1786.

dealers, or seller or sellers, without permit 5 and quantity equal to the quantity of wine so found in excess shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized and taken by the officer or officers of excise who shall discover the same, from and out of the said dock or (locks in which such quantity of wine shall be so found in excess, and the person or persons in whose dock such quantity of wine so found in excess shall be discovered or sound, shall also forfeit double the value of the quantity of wine so found in excess.

Not to extend

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That to aa excels nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be deemed or con receiving^drued to extend, to forfeit any part of such dock or docks, or to wine from make any person or persons liable to the said penalty of double any lawful the value of such wine so found in excess, for or by reason of

quay. any such quantity of wine found in excess, if such excess shall

arise and be occasioned wholly from wine which shall have been lawfully received into such dock, since such lad account was taken, direcuy from any lawful quay or quays on which the same shall have been first landed, and shall not exceed the importation guage of such wine more than two gallons upon each tonne thereof; and if such wine shall also then be, and continue in the original cask, vessel, or package in which the same was imported, and no part thereof drawn off or taken out from such cask, vessel, or package; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all cyder, sweets, british mii&t wine, mead, spirituous liquors, and other liquors whatsoever, which at any time shall be found in the warehouses, storehouses, rooms, shops, cellars, vaults, and other places, of any dealer or dealers in, or seller or sellers of, foreign wine by wholesale, entered for the keeping or selling wine, shall be deemed and taken to be foreign wine, within the meaning of this act, of the same sort and denomination as the wine with which the same shall be kept, or if kept separate from any wine, then the same shall be deemed and taken to be French red wine

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Permits to be That where any dealer or dealers in or seller or sellers of foreign gwen without w*me wholesale, duly licensed according to the directions of

this act, shall have occasion to remove such wine from any such entered warehouse, dorehouse, room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place, the officer or officers of excise of the respective di vifioni or places where such entered warehouse, (torehouse, room, (hop, cellar, vault, or other place, shall be situated, shall, without fee or reward, from time to time, upon a request note being made and delivered, according to the directions of this act, by such dealer or dealers, or seller or sellers, grant and give a permit in writing, signed by the said respective officer or officers, expressing the quantity of all such wine so to be removed, distinguiffiing in such permit such foreign wines from each other, according to the denominations thereof specified in the request

note,

pyder, C found in the possession of a whotefale dealer, to be deemed foreign wine.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59. 629

note, according to the directions of diisladt, and expressing the name and names of the person or persons from whom the same k intended to be removed, and to whom the same is to he removed, and that the duty of such wine, so intended to be removed, has been paid, or that the same hath been condemned as forfeited, or was part of the stock of some dealer or dealers in or seller or sellers of foreign wine by wholesaie, of which an account has been delivered at the office of excise pursuant to this act; and all officers of excise, granting or giving such permits,

shall limit and express, in such permits, the time within which the said wine, in such permits mentioned, shall be removed from and out of the (lock of the persons taking out such permits, and also the time within which the said wine shall be delivered and received into the warehouses, storehouses, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, or other places, of the person or persons respectively to whom the same is so permitted to be sent.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no such permit for the removal of any foreign wine Permit not to shall be granted, or be valid, unless such dealer or dealers, or be granted, seller or sellers of foreign wine, requiring the same, shall make quevcontains and send, or deliver, to the officer or officer? of excise hereby au quantity thorised to grant such permit, a request note, in writing, speci toberemoved, fying the name of the person to whom such wine is intended to C be sent, the quantity of each sort of such foreign wine intended to be removed, and for the removal of which such permit is required, and, if such wine be French wine, whether the same is French red wine or French white wine, or, in case such wine is not French wine, whether the same is foreign red wine net French, or foreign white wine not French, and also the number and contents of the calks, bottles, jars, or vessels, containing the same, and likewise whether the same is to be removed by land or by water, and by what mode of conveyance such wine is intended to be sent; and all such wine, which shall be removed Wine remov under a description not conformable to this actor under a false to

description, together with the calks, bottles, jars, vessels, and ac ll2ie "other packages containing the same, and the horses, cattle, carts, 5 boats, barges, and other carriages used in the removal or carriage thereof, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be Seized by any officer or officers of excise.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no wine shall be brought into any warehouse, lore Wine brought

house, room, (nop, cellar, vault, or other place, made use of by any dealer or dealers in or seller or sellers of foreign wine, with without per

out an authentic permit, granted and given according to the mit to be for

directions of this act, which permit shall be produced to and feited, etc.

+left with the officer of excise under whose survey such dealer or dealers, or seller or sellers, shall then be, on pain of forfeiting all such wine so brought in without such permit, together with the calks, bottles, jars, vessels, and packages containing the same, and such wine, with the casks, bottles, jars, vessels, and

Permits to be granted for the removal of wine belonging to private per fms, but if removed contrary hereto, 'forfeited.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59. [1786.

packages containing the same, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any person or persons, not being a dealer or dealers in or seller or sellers of foreign wine, either by wholesale or by retail, shall have occasion to remove any foreign wine from any part of this kingdom to any other part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the officer or officers of excise of the respective divisions or districts in which the place from whence such wine is intended to be removed shall be situate, upon such person or persons, or his, her, or their known servant or servants, proving to the satisfaction of the said respective commissioners of excise, or of the collector or supervisor of excise of the collection or district in which the place from whence such wine is intended to be removed is situate, that all the duties for such wine have been fully paid, and upon a request note, in writing, made and sent, or delivered, to such officer or officers of excise authorised to grant a permit thereupon, under and by virtue of this act, specifying the quantity of each sort of such foreign wine intended to be removed, and for the removal of which such permit is required, and, if such wine be French wine, whether the same is French red wine, or French white wine, or, in case such wine is not French wine, whether the same is foreign red wine not French, or foreign white wine not French, and also the number and contents of the casks, bottles, jars, or vessels containing the same, and likewise whether the same is to be removed by land or by water, and by what mode of conveyance such wine is intended to be sent, to give and grant, without fee or reward, a permit or permits in writing, signed by such officer or officers, expressing the quantity of such wine so to be removed, distinguishing in such permit such foreign wines from each other, according to the denominations thereof specified in such request note, according to the directions of this act, and expressing the name and names of the person or persons from whom the same is intended to be removed, and to whom the same is to be removed, and that the duty of such wine, so intended to be removed, has been paid, or that the same hath been condemned as forfeited, or was part of the flock of some dealer or dealers, or seller or sellers of foreign wine by wholesale, of which an account has been delivered at the office of excise, pursuant to this act; and all officers of excise, granting or giving such permit or permits, shall limit and express therein the time within which such wine, in such permit or permits mentioned, shall be removed from and out of the possession of the persons taking out such permit or permits, and also the time within which such wine shall be delivered and received into the possession of the person or persons respectively to whom the same is so permitted to be sent; and all such foreign wine, which shall be removed under a description not conformable to this act, or under a false description, together

with

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59.' 631

with the casks, bottles, jars, vessels, and other packages containing the same, and the horses, cattle, carts, boats, barges, and other carriages used in the removal or carriage thereof, t

shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no foreign wine exceeding the quantity of three gal Wine exceed ions, shall be removed or carried from any part of this king j.ng Z galions, dom to another, by land or by water, without being accompa foundremov nied with a proper permit from some or one of the officers of ing. without excise, according to the directions of this act, on pain of forfeit permit, ing the wine which shall be found removing or carrying, or removed or carried from one part of this kingdom to another, without such permit as aforesaid, together with the casks, bottles, jars, vessels, and packages containing the same, and the horses, cattle, boats, barges, and other carriages used in such removal or carriage thereof.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any such wine mentioned or specified in any such Wine remov permit, shall be removed or sent away from or out of the ware hi

houses, storehouses, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, and other f^e^mited places, of the person or persons to whom any such permit shall to be deemed be granted, within the time expressed and limited therein, and as removing such wine shall not, within the time limited and expressed in without a per j such permit, be actually delivered and received into the ware mit houses, storehouses, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults, and other places of the person or persons to whom the same is by such permit authorised to be lent, then, and in every such case, all such wine so removed or sent away as aforesaid shall be deemed and taken to he wine removed without permit, unless it be proved, to the satisfaction of the said respective commissioners of excise, that such wine, through unavoidable accident, could not have been so delivered and received.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That but such wine if any such wine, casks, bottles, jars, vessels or packages, shall shall be re be seized as forfeited, under and by virtue of the next preceding recognisance clause, the same shall be restored and delivered up without de being entered lay by the officer or officers seizing the same, to the person or into, to prove persons having the charge or custody thereof at the time of such^n seizure, if such person or persons shall and do, before any one^time of his majesty, justices of the peace redding near to the place

where such seizure shall be made, enter into a recognisance, with one or more other sufficient surety, to be approved of by such justice of the peace, to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, in double the value of such seizure (which recognisance such justice is hereby authorised and required to take), with condition to prove, within one month then next ensuing, to the satisfaction of the said respective commissioners of excise, that such wine, through unavoidable accident, could not have been so delivered and received, and upon such recognisance being enterecl into, such justice of the peace shall certify, upon the

632 Ando vicesimfc sexto Georgii III. c. 59. [1786.

back of the permit accompanying such wine, that a recognisance has been entered into in pursuance of this act, and shall also, by endorsement on such permit, allow such further time, as to him shall seem meet, for such wine to be delivered and received into the warehouses, storehouses, rooms, (hops, cellars vaults, and other places of the person or persons to whom the same was by such permit authorised to be Tent; and such endorsement shall, during such further time, be of the same force and effect as a permit granted according to the directions of this at; and such justice shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to transmit every such recognisance to the king's remembrancer in the courts of exchequer in England and Scotland respectively.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore if vtrne be said. That if any permit or permits shall be granted by any of not Tent away, ficer or officers of excise, to any dealer or dealers in or seller or dealers agree ^e^ers f foreign wine, for the removal of any foreign wine from able to persone pace to another, and if, within the times limited in such T: mit, theymuft permit or permits respectively for that purpose, such deafer of be returned, dealers, or seller or sellers, to or for whom such permit or per treble the * mts f granted, shall not either actually and really send

value away all the wine by such permit or permits authorised to be

*, lent away pursuant to the true intent and meaning of such permit or permits, or, in default of so sending away such wine, shall not, before the expiration of the time limited in and by such permit and permits respectively, return such permit and permits to the officer or officers who granted the same, then, and in every such respective case and cases, such dealer or dealers, or seller or sellers, to whom such permit or permits, or for whose use such permit or permits shall have been granted, shall for every gallon of such wine mentioned in such permit or permits, and not removed according to the purport thereof, forfeit and lose treble the value of such wine, to be estimated according to the best and highest rate and price which wine of the best quality of that kind shall sell for in London at the time when and if on tak such forfeiture shall be incurred; and if such permit or permits decrease*are not returnec* as aforesaid, and in case, upon taking an ac port^onateto count by any officer or officers of excise, of the flock of so the contents reign wine remaining in the hands or custody of the dealer or of the permit dealers', or seller or sellers, from or out of whose flock the wine dear a^ike" ment*lonecl in such permit or permits as aforesaid are thereby quantity may authorised to be removed, there shall not appear a sufficient de be seized, etc. crease to answer the removal of the wine mentioned in such' permit or permits as aforesaid, respectively, then and in such case the respective dealer or dealers, or seller or sellers, from or out of whose flock such wine mentioned in the said permit or permits shall be authorised to be removed, shall forfeit and lose the like quantities of wine so permitted to be removed, and not removed according to such permission, to be seized and taken by the officers of excise, or any or either of them, out of any foreign wine of the denomination given in such permit or permits

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59;

mits to the wine so authorised to be removed, and then in the custody or possession of the dealer or dealers, or seller or sellers, forfeiting the same; and if such dealer or dealers, or seller or sellers, shall not then have in his, her, or their custody or pof session, suchlike quantity of wine of that denomination theti and in such case such dealer or dealers, or seller or sellers, shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any permit or permits, for the removal of any Private per foreign wine from one place to another, shall be granted by fonsnot're any officer or officers of excise, to any person, other than a dealer to

or dealers in or seller or sellers of foreign wine by wholesale or permits, mult retail, and if within the times limited in such permit or permits return them, respectively for that purpose, such person or persons to or for on penalty of whom such permit or permits shall be so granted, shall not [J ^va*' either actually and really send away all the wine by such permit wine.

or permits authorised to be sent away, pursuant to the true in t tent and meaning of such permit or permits, nr, ih default of so sending away such wine, shall not, before the expiration of the time limited in and by such permit and permits respectively, return such permit and permits to the officer or officers who granted the same, then, and in every such respective case and cases, the person or persons, other than such dealer or dealers in or seller or sellers of foreign wine by wholesale or retail, to whom such permit or permits, or for whose use such permit or permits shall have been granted shall, for every gallon of such wine mentioned in such permit or permits, and not removed according to the purport thereof, forfeit and lose treble the value of such wine, to be estimated according to the bed and highest rate or price which wine of that kind shall, sell for in London at the time when such forfeiture shall be incurred.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall counterfeit Perform giving or forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any permit for C

the removal of any foreign wine from one part of this kingdom forfeit 500l. to any other part thereof, and for the removal of which a permit is by this act required; or if any person or persons shall knowingly or willingly give any false or untrue permit for such. of foreign wine, or shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any false or untrue permit with any such wine removed or to be removed as aforesaid; or if any person or persons shall fraudulently alter or erase any such permit, after the same shall have been given or granted by the proper officer of excise; or if any person or persons shall knowingly or willingly publifti or make use of any such permit, so counterfeited, forged, false, untrue, altered, or erased; every person or persons so offending shall, for each and every such offence, severally forfeit and lose the sum of five hundred pounds,

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall counterfeit or Penalty on forge, or cause to be counterfeited or forged, any certificate of fogging cer

such tlhcate of rew

iucn cognizance.

In every action for the said penalty, sufficient bail to be given.

Wine fraudulently hid to be forfeited.

How officers are to proceed when they suspect wine is fraudulenty deposited.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59.

such recognisance as is herein before required ta.be taken being entered into, or any such indorsement'as is hereinbefore directed to be made, or shall knowingly or willingly give atiy such false or untrue certificate or indorsetaient, or shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any such false or untrue certificate or endorsement with any such wine removed or to be removed, as aforesaid, or shall fraudulently alter or erase any such certificate or endorsement granted or made by any such justice of the peace, or shall knowingly or willingly publish or make use of any such certificate or indorsenaent so counterfeited, forged, falle, untrue, altered, or erased, the person or persons so offending shall, for each and every such offence, severally forfeit and lose the sum of five hundred pounds

XLI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon every action, bill, plaint, or information, entered or filed in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster^ or court of exchequer in Scotland, for any or either of the said penalties of five hundred pounds, z capias in the first procefsv shall and may issue, specifying such penalty or penalties; and die defendant or defendants shall be obliged to give sufficient bail, by natural born subjects, persons naturalised, or denizens, to the person or persons to whom such capias shall be directed, to appear in the court out of which suchcapias shall issue, at the; day of the return of such writ, to answer such suit or profeeu tien; and shall likewise, at the time of such appearance, give" sufficient bail or security, by such persons as aforesaid, in the said court, to answer and pay such penalty or penalties of five hundred pounds, in case he, she, or they shall be convicted thereof, or to yield his, her, or their bodies to prison.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any foreign wine shall be fraudulently deposited, hid, or concealed in any place whatsoever, with an intent to defraud his Majesty of the duties thereon, such foreign wine shall be forfeited and lost, together with the casks, bottles, jars, vessels, and packages whatsoever containing the same, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise; and the better to enable such officer or officers to discover such foreign wine so fraudulently deposited, hid, or concealed, if any such officer or officers shall have cause to suspect that any foreign wine shall be fraudulently deposited, hid, or concealed in any place whatsoever, with intent to defraud his Majesty of the duties thereon, then, and in such case, if such place shall be within the cities of Londofi or Westminster, or within the limits of the chief office of excise in London; and if the officer or officers so having cause to suspe6l be an officer or officers of excise, upon oath made by such officer or officers, before the commissioners of excise for the time being, or any two or more of them, or, in case such place shall be in any other part of Great Britain 5 or if the officer or officers so having cause to suspect be an officer or officers of the customs, upon oath made by such officer or officers of the customs or excise,

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59.

before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, replace, where such officer or officers shall fn/pedt the same to be deposited, hid, or concealed, setting forth the ground of his or their suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, or any two or more of them, or the justice or justices of the peace respectively, as the case may require, before whom such oath shall be made, if they or he (half judge it reasonable, by special warrant or warrants under his and their respective hands and seats, to authorise and empower such officer or officers, by day or by night, but, if in the night time, in the presence of a constable or other lawful officer of the peace, to enter into all and every such place or places, where he or they shall so suspect such foreign wine to be so fraudulently deposited, hid, or concealed, and seize and carry away all such foreign wine, which he or they shall then and there find so fraudulently deposited, hid, or concealed, as forfeited, together with all the casks, bottles jars, vessels, and packages wherein the same shall be contained.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the officers of excise, or any of them, to go on board, and enter into any ship or vessel whatsoever, which shall be within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coast thereof, and to continue on board the same, and to examine and search, in like manner as the officers of the customs may now legally do, for all foreign wine whatsoever, and to seize for his majesty's use all such foreign wine there found, as by the laws thereunto relating shall be forfeited, together with the calks, bottles, jars, vessels, and packages containing the same, and also such ship or vessel, if the same shall be forfeited for or on account of such wine.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall give, or offer to give, any bribe, recompense, or reward whatsoever, to any officer or officers of excise, to connive at or permit any foreign wine to be run on shore, or to connive at any false or Short entry of any such foreign wine; or shall give or offer to give, any bribe, recompense, or reward whatsoever, in order to corrupt, persuade, or prevail upon any such officer or officers, either to do or perform any act or acts, thing or things whatsoever, contrary to the duty of such officer or officers in execution of this actor to neglect to do or perform any act or acts, thing or things, whatsoever, belonging or appertaining to the business and duty of such officer and officers in execution of this actor to connive at or conceal any fraud or frauds relating to the duties on foreign wines, or not to discover the same, every such person or persons shall, for every such offence, whether the same offer or proposal be accepted or not, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall assault, refill,

635

Officers of excise may go on board ships, and search them, in like manner as officers of the customs.

Persons attempting to corrupt officers forfeit iool.

Persons obstructing officers in the

63 6

execution of their duty, etc. forfeit iool.

No drawback to be allowed on the expor tationoswine, unless the regulations herein prescribed are conformed to.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C.

[1786.

oppose, molest, obstruct, or hinder any officer or officers of excise in the due execution of this a, or of my of the powers or authorities hereby given or granted to any such officer or of > fleers*.or Aiall by fforee^qr rvipfence refctie, or dause to be refcu.^3, anyjforeign wine after the same shall have been seized by such officer or &ffi?er?*& aforesaid, prfoah.auempt or endeavour so to do, or, after jguch felzare, or whilff any such officer or officers is or are attempting to seize any such foreign wine, shall ftaye* break, or otherwise destroy or damage any cask, vessel, bottle, jar, or other package wherein the same shall be contained, all and every person or persons.so offending shall, for every such; offence, for which no: other penalty is particularly provided by this act forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no drawback of any duty on any foreign wine whatsoever, shall be allowed, upon, the exportation of such wine from this kingdom, unless such wine shall be exported under and subject to the rules, regulations, terms, conditions, and directions herein after mentioned, and prescribed, over and besides the rules, regulations, terms, conditions, and directions, other than where the same are altered. by, this act, now commonly practised or enforced by the officers of the customs, upon the exportation of such wine, in order to obtain the drawback or drawbacks upon the exportation thereof (that is to say), The person or persons intending to ship and; export any such. wine shall, in case such wine is intended to be packed up for exportation, give six hours notice in writing, in case such wine is, intended to be pacjced up within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, and twelve hours notice in writing, in case, such wine is intended so to be packed up in any place out of the said limits in Great Britain, of his intention to pack up any fqch wine for exports tien, and of the time and place when and where the same is intended to be packed up, to the officer or officers of excise who shall be appointed for that purpose by the respective compsif sioners of excise in England and Scotland or the major part of them for the time being, of the particular port or place to which such wine is intended to be exported, and of the quantity of such wine so to be shipped and exported; and if the same be French wine, whether it is French red wine, or French white wine, or, if such wine so to be shipped and exported be foreign wine, other than French wine, whether the same is foreign red wine, not French, or foreign white wine, not French; and such officer or officers shall attend to see such wine packed up, and the same shall be packed up in the presence of such officer or officers, and shall be secured with such fastenings, and sealed with such seal or mark, and in such manner, as the said respective commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, shall direct; and the officer or officers who shall have seen such wine; packed up, shall take an account of ie quantity of such wine, so intended to be exported, and in such account shall specify (if the same be French wine) whether the same is Frenchred wine

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59.' 637

or French white wine, or, if such wine so intended to be exported be not French wine, whether the same be foreign red wine, not French, or foreign white wine, not French, and such officer or officers shall make a return thereof to the officer who shall be appointed by such respective commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, to receive the same, at the port of exportation, without any fee or reward for so doing; and the person or persons intending to ship any foreign wine for exportation, shall give six hours notice in writing, within the limits of the said chief office, and twelve hours notice in writing in other places in Great Britain, of the time and place of shipping such wine, unto such officer or officers of excise of the place where the same shall be shipped, as shall be appointed for that purpose by the said respective of, or the major part of them for the time being, and of the name of the ship or vessel in which the same is intended to be shipped and exported, and of the matter or commander thereof, and of the particular port or place to which wine is intended to be exported, and of the quantity of such wine so to be shipped and exported; and if such wine be French wine, whether the same be French red wine or Frencfy white wine; and if such wine, so to be shipped and exported, be not French wine, whether the same is foreign red wine, not French, or foreign white wine, not French', and if any such foreign wine so intended to be packed for exportation, shall not be begun to be paeked, or if any such foreign wine, so intended to be exported, shall not be bbgun to be shipped, at the time mentioned for the respective purposes aforesaid in such notice respectively, or within one hour after such time, then such respective notices shall be void, and the like respective notices in writing shall be again given unto such officer or officers, previous to the packing up of such wine for exportation, or previous to the shipping of any foreign wine for exportation, as the case may require.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons (save and except the proper offi Packages, cer of the customs, and the officer of excise, at the port of ex sealed for exportation herein after mentioned), shall open any such package, tobe^ened, after the famre has been so secured and sealed as aforesaid, or etc. on pe*wilfully destroy or deface such seal or mark, every such nalty of jol. person and persons, so offending, shall forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum of fifty pounds.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the exporter of any such foreign wine Bond to be shall also, before the shipping the same, give bond, with suffici given for ex ent security, to be approved of by the respective commissioners of excise in England and Scotland, or the major part of them, or oath, macje the person by them appointed for that purpose, in treble the that the du amount of all the duties intended to be drawn back on such ex ties thereon portation of such wine, that the particular wine so intended to ha7f been be exported, and every part thereof shall (the danger of the pai*seas and enemies excepted) be shipped and exported to the port

63s Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59. [1786.

or place to which such wine is in such notice, in that behalf herein before directed to be given, declared to be intended to be exported, and shall not be exported or carried to any other place or country whatsoever, and shall not be unshipped, unladled, or laid on land, or put on board any other ship, vessel, or boat, in Great Britain, ((hipwreck or other unavoidable accident excepted); which bond the officer of excise of the port or placet from whence such wine shall be exported, appointed for that purpose by the said respective commissioners of excise, or the major part of them for the time being, is hereby directed to take, in his majesty's name, and to his majesty's use; and the said exporter shall also, before the shipping of such foreign wine, make oath, that he believes the duties upon such foreign wine have been fully paid, which oath they the respective commissioners of excise, or any one or more of them for the time being, are, and the surveyor or supervisor, or other officer appointed for that purpose by, the said respective commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, for the time being, is hereby authorised and required to administer; and such respective of of excile, or any one or more of them, or such surveyor or supervisor, or other officer, being satisfied of the truth of such oath, shall, within one month after the actual exportation of such wine, give to the said exporter, or his clerk or agent, a certificate or debenture, expressing the quantities of such wine Certificates of fq shipped; and, if such wine so shipped was French wine, whe expone^etc er lie ^ame was rene rec w^ne or French white wine; or if to be given to such wine so shipped was not French wine, whether the same*entitle expor was foreign red wine not French, or foreign white wine not ter to the fol French; and that all the duties hereby imposed on such wine backs^diaw* ave keen P for the same; and that bond, with sufficient fer curity, hath been given, before the shipping the same, for the due exportation thereof; and such certificate or debenture'being produced to the collector of excise of the portor place from whence such wines were so exported, he shall forthwith pay or allow the person or persons so exporting the same, or their agents, out of the duties by this at imposed on foreign wine, the following drawbacks or allowances, (that is to say);

for every tonne "For every tonne of French wine, for which all duties due and wineexported paya^e in respect thereof have been fully paid, exported from to America, this kingdom to any British colony or plantation in America, or the East or to any part of the united dates of America, or to any British ladies, 19l. settlement in the East Indies, as merchandise, the sum of niner i36*'* teen pounds, thirteen Shillings; and foin proportion for any

greater or lesser quantity:

foreve^ton And for every tonne of such French wine, exported from this pacejslskingdom to any other part or place beyond the seas, as merchandise, the sum of eleven pounds, five Shillings; and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity:

For every tonne And for every tonne of foreign wine, other than French wine,

reien wine to or duties due and payable in respect thereof have

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59. 639

been fully paid, exported from this kingdom, to any British co America, 14l. lony or plantation in America, or to any part of the united 7s*5 states of America, as merchandise, the sum of fourteen pounds, seven Shillings; and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity:

And for every tonne of such foreign wine, other than French For every tonne wine, exported from this kingdom to any British settlement in of other so the East Indies, as merchandise, the sum of nine pounds, seven [heeaftlndies teen Shillings; and foin proportion for any greater or lesser IS; 9

quantity:

And for every toil of such foreign wine, other than French For every ten wine, exported as merchandise from this kingdom to any other of other so part or place beyond the seas, the sum of five pounds, thirteen other Shillings 5 and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity. piace> 5\ 130.

And if such collector of excise shall not have money in his Drawbacks hands to pay the same, then the respective of of may he paid excise in England or Scotland are required to pay the said draw ^on^estrlfiris back or allowances out' of any money in their hands, arising from duties 5 from the duties hereby imposed, or any of them: provided al imposed by ways. That it shall and may be lawful for the officer attending this a ft. the shipping of such foreign wines, if he thinks it necessary, at Officers may the port or place of exportation, and also for the proper officer Pe" and in "of the customs, if he shall think it necessary, upon the shipping packed for any such wine for exportation, to open and examine such foreign exportation, wine as shall be so paeked, in order that he may be satisfied and if any part that such wines are the same that are described in the account be so sent by the officer in whose presence any such wine was foe r U paeked: provided always, That if, after the shipping any such foreign wine, and the giving such security as aforesaid, in order to obtain a drawback or allowance of any of the duties before paid thereupon, the same wine, or any part thereof, shall be unshipped, unladled, or laid on land, or put into any other ship, vessel, or boat; within this kingdom ((hipwreck, or other unavoidable accident, excepted), that then, and in every such case, over and above the penalty of the bond, which shall be levied and recovered to his majesty's use, all the said wine which shall be so unshipped, unladled, or laid on land, or put into any other ship, vessel, or bot, within Great Britain ((hipwreck, or other unavoidable accident, excepted), or the value thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such bond, herein before directed to be given, shall howimporta be discharged in manner herein after mentioned; (that is to sin bonds say). For such of the said wines as shall be entered for, or land charged^ed in Ireland, the condition of the bond shall be, to bring in a g certificate in discharge thereof, within six months from the date of the bond, and within twelve months for such of the said wines as shall be entered for, or landed in any other port or place in Europe; and within eighteen months for such of the said wines as shall be entered for, or landed in any of his

U Majesty's

Officer not entitled tore ward, unless notice of seizure be given within i hours. Account of seized wine to be taken, and not removed without permit.

No dealer in wine to acte as a joffice of peace in matters concerning this act.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59. [1786.

majesty's plantations in America or Africa, or any of the united states of America; and within twenty-four months for such of the said wines as shall be entered for, or landed in any port or place at or beyond the Cape of Good Hopei which said certificate for such wine as aforesaid as shall be landed in any port or place where any officer or officers of his majesty's customs shall be resident, shall be signed by the proper officer or officers of his majesty's customs there, importing that such wines were thereland ed, testifying the landing thereof; and if no officer of his majesty's customs shall be resident in such port or place where such wines shall be landed, such certificate shall be signed by the British consul, or other person acting as such there, importing that such wines were there landed, testifying the landing thereof; and if no officer of his majesty's customs, or British consul, or other person acting as such, shall be resident in such port or place where such wines shall be landed, such certificate shall be under the common seal of the chief magistrate in such port or'place, or under the hands and seals of two known British merchants, then being at such port or place, that such wine was there landed; or such bond or bonds shall be discharged, upon proof, in either of the said cases, that such wines were taken by enemies, or perished in the feasor by fire, or were spent and consumed on board the ship or vessel in which the same were exported during the voyage, the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgement of the said respective commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, for the time being.

L And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no officer of the customs shall be entitled to any reward given on the seizure of any wine by virtue of this at, unless notice of such seizure be by him given, within twelve hours next after such seizure, at the next office of excise, or to the supervisor of excise of the districsb where such seizure shall be made, who shall be obliged, on such notice, to take a particular account of the species and quantities of all such wine so seized; nor shall any such wine be afterwards removed without a permit or certificate signed by such officer of excise, or supervisor of the place or district from whence such wine is to be removed, under the penalties of such wine being forfeited, and the same shall and may be seized as forfeited by any other officer or officers of the customs, or by any officer or officers of excise.

LI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person whatsoever, being a dealer in or seller of foreign wine, or who is or shall be anyway interested or concerned in the trade or business of dealing in or selling wine, shall, during such time as he shall be so interested or concerned in the trade or business of dealing in or selling wine, at as a justice of the peace in any matter or thing whatsoever which shall anywise concern the execution of the powers or authorities given or granted by this at; and if any such person or persons shall, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof, presume to exercise any such powers or authorities, or to do any at hereby

641

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59j.

authorised to be done by any justice or justices of the peace, all such acts, so executed or done by such person or persons, shall be utterly null and void, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

LII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons who shall be convicted of wilfully Persons tak taking a false oath, in any of the cases in which oaths are re ing false oaths quired to be taken by virtue of this act, shall be liable to the pains and penalties to which persons are liable for wilful and rers. corrupt perjury.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the moneys arising by the duties imposed by this act, Duties to be (all costs, charges, and expenses, of raising, receiving, collect exchequer ing, levying, accounting for, and paying the same, being sir ft lna applied to deduded), shall from time to time be paid by the said respective the purposes commissioners of excise into the receipt of the exchequer, and of therepealed shall be applied to the same uses and purposes, and under such duties, regulations, as the moneys arising by the said additional impositions, rates, or duties, and additional impositions or duties upon the produce thereof, by this act repealed, where applicable unto before the passing of this act.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties, for Powers of ad feitures, clauses, matters, and things, which in and by an act, 14 c*r# fumade in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Southeast putl^forces cond, intituled An act for taking away the court of wards, and where not liveries, and tenures in Capite, and by knights service, and purvey hereby repeal ance> and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or e by any other law now in force relating to his majesty's revenue of excise upon beer, ale, and other liquors, are provided and established, for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (othjer than in such cases for which other penalties or provisions are made and prescribed by this act), shall bepractised, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the said duties upon foreign wine hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if all and every the said powers, rules, diredfons, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re enacted iq this present act.

LV\ And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act, Howpenal

shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, ties are to be

means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be and

+sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59. [1786.

LVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Limitation of That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced actions. against any person or persons, for anything by him or them done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing General imie. one, an fce ja|j in t|le proper county, and the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their adioa or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or de treble costs fendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

LVII. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid. Probable cau That in case any information or suit shall be commenced and t^indentnify brought to trial, on account of the seizure of any wine seized the officer. as forfeited by virtue of this or any act or acts of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to the duties on foreign wine, or of any ship, vessel, or boat, or of any horse, cattle, or carriage, used or employed in removing or carrying the same, wherein a verdict shall be found for the claimer thereof, and it shall appear to the judge or court, before whom the same shall be tried or heard, that there was a probable cause of seizure, the judge or court, before whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall certify that there was a probable cause for making such seizure, and in such case the claimant shall not be entitled to any costs of suit whatsoever, nor shall the person or persons who made such seizure be liable to any action, indictment, or other suit or prosecution, on account of such seizure; that in case any action, indictment, or prosecution, shall be commenced and brought to trial against any person or persons whatsoever, on account of the seizing any such wine, or of any such ship, vessel, boat, horse, cattle, or carriage, used or employed in removing or carrying the same, whether any information shall be brought to trial to condemn the same or not, and a verdict shall be given against the defendant or defendants, if the court or judge before whom such action, indictment, or prosecution, shall be tried, shall certify that there was a probable cause for such seizure, then the plaintiff, besides the thing so seized, or the value thereof, shall not be entitled to above twopence damages, nor to any costs of suit, nor shall the defendant in such prosecution be fined above one shilling.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, o or^cefsto That no writ or process shall be sued out against any officer or tula month's cers the customs or excise, or against any person or per notice has - fons acting by his or their order, and in his or their aid, for h?n given, anything done in the execution, or by reason of this act, until one calendar month next after notice in writing shall have been delivered so him of them, or left at the usual place of his or

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59. 6^2

+their abode, by the attorney or agent for the person or persons who intends or intend to sue out such writ or process as aforesaid; in which notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the cause of action, the name and place of abode of the person or persons in whose name such action is intended to be brought, and the name and place of abode of the said attorney or agent;

and that a fee of twenty Shillings, and no more, shall be paid Fee of notice

for the preparing and serving of every such notice.

LIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any such officer or Tender of officers, or other person or persons acting in his or their aid, amends to be to whom such notice shall be given as aforesaid, at any time of^aion"^within one calendar month after such notice shall be given, to

tender amends to the person or persons complaining, or to his, her, or their agent or attorney, and in case such amends are not accepted, to plead such tender in bar to any action to be brought against him or them, grounded on such writ or process, together with the plea of not guilty, and any other plea or pleas, with leave of the court in which such action shall be brought; and if, upon issue joined thereon, the jury shall find the amends so tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall give a verdict for the defendant or defendants; and in such case, or in case the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue such addon, or in case judgement shall be given for such defendant or defendants upon demurrer, then such defendant or defendants shall be entitled to the like costs as he or they Costs. would have been entitled to in case he or they had pleaded the general issue q^nly; and if upon issue so joined the jury shall find that no amends were tendered, or that the same were not sufficient, and also against the defendant or defendants in such other plea or pleas, then they shall give a verdict for such plaintiff or plaintiffs, and such damages as they shall think proper.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs, in any case No evidence where an action shall be grounded on any act done by the debe produc fendant or defendants, shall be permitted to produce any evi containedfo* dence of the cause of such action, except such as shall be con the notice, tained in the notice to be given as aforesaid, or shall recover etc. any verdict against such officer or officers, or person or persons acting in his or their aid, unless it shall be proved on the trial of such action that such notice was given, and that in default of such proof the defendant or defendants in such action shall recover a verdict and costs as aforesaid'

LXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any such officer or officers, or others acting in his Money may or their aid, shall neglect to tender any amends, or shall have ^qupr^asint: 0 tendered insufficient amends, before the action brought, it shall amends and may be lawful for him or them, by leave of the court in which such action shall be brought, at any time before issue joined, to pay into court such sum of money as he shall see fit,

UU4 where

conditions, but the proprietors not be entitled to damages.

644 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59. [1786.

whereupon such proceedings, orders, and judgements, shall be had, made, and given, in and by such court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court

A noli prose

LXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any profecu

entered'wh re tien commencec^ by any fficer or officers of the cuf

penaltierhave toms or exc^e^recovery of any penalty incurred by vir been uninten tue of this at, it shall and may be lawful for his majesty's at tionally in torney general, in case it shall appear to his satisfaduon that curred. such penalty was incurred without any intention of fraud, to flop all further proceedings, by entering a noli prosequi, or otherwise, upon every such information, as well with respect to the share of such forfeiture to which any officer or officers of his majesty's revenue shall be or may claim to be entitled, as to the share thereof to his Majesty belonging.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid Goods unin That in case any goods or commodities whatever, or any ships, forfeited may vessels, bots, horses, cattle, or carriages, shall be seized as for be restored on feited, by virtue or in pursuance of this act; it shall and may be lawful for the of the customs or excise respectively, on evidence given to their satisfaction, that the forfeiture arose without any design or intention of fraud in the proprietor of proprietors of such goods or commodities, ships, yefifels, boats, horses, cattle, or carriages, to order the same to be restored to such proprietor or proprietors, in such manner and on such terms and conditions as under the circumstances of the case shall appear to the said of of the excise and customs respectively to be reasonable, and as they shall think fit to direct; and if the said proprietor or proprietors shall comply with the terms and conditions prescribed by such of respectively, it shall not be lawful for the officer or officers who shall seize such goods or commodities, ships, vessels, boats, horses, cattle, or carriages, or any other person or persons whatever, on his or their behalf, to proceed in any manner for the condemnation thereof; but if such proprietor or proprietors shall not comply with the terms and conditions prescribed by the said of respectively, such officer or officers shall be at liberty, and is and are hereby authorised to proceed for the condemnation of such goods or commodities, hips, vessels, boats, horses, cattle, or carriages, as if this law 'had not been made; and if such proprietor or proprietors shall accept the terms and conditions prescribed by the said of of the customs and excise, such proprietor or proprietors shall not have, or be entitled to any recompense or damage on account of the seizure or detention of such goods or commodities, ships, vessels, boats, horses, cattle, or carriages, or have pr maintain any action whatever for the same; any law, custom, pr usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIV. And whereas, by. an act made in the twenty third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better preventing frauds in the landing and removing of wines in this kingdom, and to prevent the relanding of refined sugar, entered

Recital of aft3 Geo P 70.; and

(jock^lc

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 59, 645

for exportation, to obtain the drawback or bounty; it was en afledy That, from and after the first day September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, no wine of any forty in any hogfheady or other cask whatsoever, Should be removed or carriedy either by land or by water, from any outporty creeky or haven, in Great Britain, not being within the limits of the port London, to any other town, forty or place whatsoever, within the same lingdomy without a certificate first had and obtained from the collector and comptr oiler, or the chief officer of the customs at or near eft to the towny forty or place from which such wine was intended to be so removedy certifying that the duties due and payable for such wine had been paid at the port or place of importation, or that the same was wine sold for falvagey or that the same had been compounded for, or condemnedy as the case might bey referring to the time wheny and the place wherey such wine was enteredy foldy compounded for, or condemnedy and expressing the *quantity and sort of winey with the marks of the package thereof \ to what placey and to whom the same was consignedy and by what carriage y and by whom the same was intended to be removedy which faffs Should be verified by the oath 1f the importer or proprietor of such wine; and if the wine was to be removed by landy the certificate Should also express and' limit the time for which such certificate Should continue in force: and whereas by an other affy made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his said Majesty, intituled An act to re a&14 Geo. vive and continue several laws relating to the allowing the ex 3*

Eortation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to a is majesty's sugar colonies in America; and to the allowing a drawback of the duties on rum shipped as (lores to be consumed on board merchant ships on their voyages; and to extend the provisions of an at of the twenty-third year of his present majesty, relative to the removal of wine in casks, to wine removed in bottles, and other packages; reciting the said clause herein before recited of the said affy made in the twenty-third year of his said present Mqjeflf s reigny and that great quantities of wine which had been clandestinely imported into. the out ports of this kingdom, and run on shore without payment of the duties due for the famey had been afterwards removed from thence to other parts within this king doniy and into the port of London, in bottles and other small packages y it was enaffedy Thaty from and after the twentieth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, the said in part recited affy and every clause and matter therein, so far as the same related to the removal of wine in hogsheads or other tasksy or infliffed any penalty or forfeiture upon the removal of such wine without such certificate, or upon persons who Should falsely make oath to any of the faffs therein required to be fworny or who Should forgey counterfeit, erafey altery or falsify any certificatey or knowingly make use of any certificate so forgedy counterfeit edy erafedy olteredy or falfifiedy Should extend, and be construei to extend, in like manner, to the removal of any sort of wine in bottles, or any other packages whatsoever, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clausesy r efir iff ions y penalties, and forfeitures relative thereto were again repeated and re en qffed in that aff; and whereas the good purposes by the said clauses clauses of the

intended recited acts.

forbidding the removal of wine from any out port without certificates, repealed.

Commencement of this act.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 60. [1786.

intended, will be effectually answered by the provisions of this act, and the said clauses will therefore be unnecessary to be continued in force; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said recited clauses shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

LXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall commence and take eflfedt, as to all such matters and things therein contained in respect ?whereof no special commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.

CAP. LX.

An act for the further increase and encouragement of hipping and

navigation.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the wealth and frength of this kingdom, and the prosperity and safety of every part of the British empire, greatly depend on the encouragement given to hipping and navigation: and whereas it is proper that the advantages hitherto given by the legislature to Ships owned and navigated by his Majestfs subjects Should from henceforth be confined to hips wholly built and fitted out in his Majesty's dominions: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, From Aug. i, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hun bum^out ofp an eihty*fix, no ship or vessel foreign built (except such

his majesty's or vessels as have been or shall hereafter be taken by any

douim msex f his majesty's ships or vessels of war, or by any private or cept prizes, other ship or vessel, and condemned as lawful prize in any fe en "court of admiralty), nor any ship or vessel built or rebuilt upon rnviieles^fa any forsign made keel or bottom, in the manner heretofore. British Oiip; practised and allowed, although owned by british subjects, and but foreign navigated according to law, shall be any longer entitled to any

ihip9, built of the privileges or advantages of a british built ship, or of a

owned by british subjects; and that all the said privileges hereby to be ar, d advantages shall hereafter be confined to such ships only as rirpnved ot are wholly of the built of Great Britain or Ireland, Guernsey, t he privileges Jersey, and the isle of Man, or of some of the colonies, planta wv now tiens, islands, or territories in Asia, Africa, or America, which now belong, or at the time of building such ships or vessels did belong, or which may hereafter belong to, or be in the possession of his Majesty, his heirs or successors: provided always, That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit such foreign built ships or vessels only as, before the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, did truly and without fraud wholly belong to any of the people of Great Britain or Ireland, Guernsey, Jersey, and the isle of Man, or of any of the aforesaid colonies, plantations, islands, or territories, as the proprietors and right owners thereof, and which

ey now See

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 60.

which shall be navigated according to law, and shall also be registered in manner herein after directed, from continuing to enjoy the privileges and advantages they have hitherto enjoyed, or from importing or exporting such goods or commodities as may now be legally imported or exported by such ships or vessels, into and from such ports and places as is now by law allowed, and under such rules, regulations, and restrictions as have heretofore been made touching such foreign built ships or vessels, and subject and liable to all such duties as have been imposed on any goods or commodities imported or exported as aforesaid in such foreign built ships or vessels, by any act or acts of parliament; and provided also, That nothing herein contained, shall extend or be construed to extend, to deprive any ship or vessel, which before the passing of this acct hath been built or rebuilt upon any foreign made keel or bottom, and which, before the said first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, was duly registered as a British ship, from continuing to enjoy any privilege or advantage to which such ship or vessel is now by any law or usage entitled; nor to prevent any such ship or vessel which shall have been begun to be repaired or rebuilt before the said first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, from being registered according to, and in pursuance of this acct, by an order under the hands of the commissioners of his majesty's customs in England, or any four or more of them, or of the commissioners of his majesty's customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them; which order the said of respectively are hereby authorised and empowered to grant, if it shall be made appear to the satisfaction of the said of respectively upon oath, that such ship or vessel was stranded by the act of providence, and not with a fraudulent intent, and was, at the time of being so stranded, the sole property of some foreigner or foreigners; or that such ship or vessel was a droit of admiralty, and it be in like manner fully and clearly ascertained, to the fa tisfaction of such of respectively, that the said ship or vessel, from the damage received by being so stranded, was xrendered unfit to proceed to sea without undergoing a thorough repair in this kingdom, and that (he was necessarily sold for the benefit of the foreign owner or owners, or, being a droit of admiralty, was sold by virture and under the authority of an order or commission from the court of admiralty, and that (lie was fairly and openly purchased by a British subject or subjects, and, being the foie and entire property of such British) subject or fub jech, that die hath been so much repaired that two thirds of her at the lea ft are of British built.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, re

That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven built, or where hundred and eighty six, no ship or vessel shall be deemed or repairs ex taken to be british built, or enjoy the privileges thereunto be longing, which shall from thenceforth be rebuilt or repaired in rein port, to any foreign port or place, if such repairs shall exceed the sum of fifteen British built.

r

ption in our of ex aordinary damages sustained on voyages.

Expenses of repairs to be certified, on arrival, to an officer of the customs.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 60.

[178&

fifteen Shillings for every tonne of the said ship or vessel according to the admeasurement thereof, unless such repairs shall be necessary by reason of extraordinary damage sustained by such ship or vessel during the absence of such ship or vessel from his majesty's dominions, to enable her to perform the voyage in which (he shall be then engaged, and to return in safety to some port or place of the said dominions; and that before such ship or vessel shall be repaired, so as to exceed the sum aforesaid, the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall report the ttate and condition thereof upon oath, or (being a quaker) upon affirmation, to the British consul, or other chief British officer, if there shall be such consul or officer at the port where it shall be necessary to repair such ship or vessel, and shall cause such ship or vessel to be surveyed by two fit and proper persons to be approved of by such consul or chief British officer; and shall deliver to such consul or chief British officer, in writing, the particulars of the damage sustained by such ship or vessel, and shall verify upon oath, or (being a quaker) upon affirmation, (to be administered by such consul or chief British officer), the particulars and amount of the repairs of such ship or vessel; and that the same were become necessary in consequence of damage sustained during the voyage to that port, to enable such ship or vessel to prosecute the voyage then intended, and to return to some port or place of his majesty's dominions, which the said consul, or chief British officer, is hereby required to certify under his hand and seal; and if there shall not be any British consul, or chief British officer, resident at or near the port or place where such repairs may be necessary, then that such survey shall be made by two fit and proper persons, to be approved of by two known British merchants residing at or near such port or place; and that such matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall produce to such merchants as aforesaid, vouchers of the particulars and amount of the repairs of such ship or vessel, whose certificate of the same shall be of the like force and effect as that of the British consul, or chief British officer resident in any foreign port or place; and in case any ship or vessel shall, after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, be repaired in any foreign port or place, the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command thereof, shall make proof on oath, or (if a quaker) by affirmation, before the collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the customs in the port of his majesty's dominions where the said ship or vessel may first arrive (if required by them so to do; which oath or affirmation the said collector and comptroller, or other principal officer, or either of them, is and are hereby authorised and empowered to administer), describing the nature and amount of the charge or expense of such repairs; and if such charge or expense shall appear to exceed the before mentioned sum of fifteen Shillings for every tonne of the

admeasure

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 60. 649

admeasurement of such ship or vessel, and the said matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall neglect or refuse to deliver to such collector and comptroller, or principal officer of the customs, or to one of them, the certificate so required to be produced in such cases as aforesaid, the said ship or vessel shall be deemed and taken to be a foreign built ship or vessel, to all intents and purposes whatever.

III. And whereas it is highly expedient that the provisions made for the regi/lry of Ships and vessels by an act, made and passed in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of his late majesty King William the Thirds (entitled, An act for preventing frauds, and regulating abuses in the plantation trade), Should be altered and amended, and that the same Should be extended and applied to Ships and vessels other than those which are therein particularly described; be it therefore enacted, That all and every ship or vessel having Provisions of a deck, or being of the burden of fifteen tonnes, or upwards, be 7 & 8 Guh longing to any of his majesty's subjects in Great Britain, or extended^o^ Guernsey, Jersey, and the Isle of Man, or of any of the aforesaid vesse]s Of, 5 colonies, plantations, islands, or territories, shall, from and after tonnes, and up the respective times herein after expressed, be registered in manwards, and ner herein after mentioned; and that the person or persons reffiftrtoli. claiming property therein shall cause the same to be registered, tainedf and shall obtain a certificate of such registry from the collectpr and comptroller of his majesty's customs in Great Britain or the Isle of Man, or from the governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief, and principal officer or officers of his majesty's revenue of customs, residing in the islands of Guernsey or Jersey, or in any of the said colonies, plantations, islands, or territories, respectively, in.manner herein after directed; that the form of such certificate shall be as follows 3 videlicet:

In pursuance of an act passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of Certificate of King George the Third, intituled An act [here insert the title British regi of the act, the names, occupation, and residence, of the fub ftry* scribing owners], having taken and subscribed the oath required by this act) and having sworn that he, [or, they,] together with [names, occupation, and residence of non subscribing owners,] is [or are] foie owner [or, owners] of the ship or vessel called the [ship's name] of [place to which the vessel belongs], whereof [matter's name] is at present wafer, and that the said ship or vessel was [when and where built, or captured, and date of condemnation]; and [name and employment of the surveying officer] having certified to us that the said ship or vessel is [whether British, Foreign, or British plantation built], has [number of decks] decks, and [number of mails] mafis, that her length, from the forepart of the mainfiem. to the after part of the fisrn pofl aloft, is [number of feet and inches], her breadth at the broadefi part, whether above or below the main ivales, [number of feet and inches], her height between decks [number of feet and inches, if more than one deck, and if not, then] the

650

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 60. [1786.

depth of the hold [number of feet and inches], and admeasures [burdens] tonnes that she is a [kind of vessel, and how built], has [whether any or no gallery]gallery^ and [kind of head, if any] heady and the said subscribing owners having consented and agreed to the above description and admeasurement, and having caused sufficient security to be given, as is. required by the said act9 the said [kind and name of the vessel] has been duly registered at the port of [name of the port].

Given under our hands and seals of office, at the custom bcufe in the said port of [name of the port], this [date] day of [name of the month], in the year [words at length].

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No registry That no such registry shall hereafter be made, or certificate made, chut thereof granted, by any person or persons herein before autho which a vessel to make registry, and grant such certificate, in any belongs, ex other port or place than the port or place to which such ship or cept for prizes vessel shall properly belong, except so far as relates to such ships condemned at or vesse}s as shall be condemned as prizes in any of the islands Sleft autho' Guernsey, Jersey, or Man which ships or vessels shall in fu rifed by the ture be registered in manner herein after directed; that all of and every registry and certificate granted in any port or place to of the customs. which any such ship or vessel does not properly belong, shall be

utterly null and void, to all intents and purposes, unless the officers aforesaid shall be specially authorised and empowered to make such registry, and grant such certificate, in any other port, by an order in writing under the hands of any four or more of the commissioners of his majesty's customs in England, or of any three or more of the commissioners of his majesty's customs in Scotland, for the time being, which order the said of are hereby respectively authorised and empowered to issue, in manner aforesaid, if they shall see fit.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The port from That the port to which any ship or vessel shall hereafter be and to which deemed and taken to belong, within the intent and meaning of

this act, shall be, and is hereby declared to be, the port from and to which such ship or vessel shall usually trade, or (being a new ship) shall intend so to trade, and at or near which the husband, or acting and managing owner or owners of such ship or vessel usually resides or reside.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au

No registry to thority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall ex sot vessels tend' or be construed to extend, to require to be registered, ac belonging to cording to the directions of this act, any ship or vessel of war, the royal fa or any other vessel, of whatever built the same may be, or under roily. whatever description the same may fall, being the property of his Majesty or the royal family, or any of them, or any lighters, barges, boats, or vessels of any built or description whatever, used solely in rivers or inland navigation.

a ship usually trades, to be deemed her port.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 60. 6$ t

VII. And it is hereby declared, That no ship or vessel built No ship built in any of the colonies of North America, now calied, The United l*n*te<l States of America, during the time that any act or acts of parlia dur?

ment made in Great Britain, prohibiting trade and intercourse ing the exist with those colonies, was or were in force, nor any ship or vessel enee of any which was owned by, or belonged to the subjects of the saidprhibttory united states, or of any of the said dates respectively, during^be^egifter the existence of those acts, and not registered before the com^thereof, is or shall be entitled to be registered under this present actor to any.of the privileges or advantages of a British built ship or vessel, unless such ship or vessel shall have been taken and condemned as lawful prize, or, having been stranded, shall have been built or rebuilt, and registered in the manner heretofore practised and allowed.

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no No subject re

subject of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, whose usual residing out of

fidence is in any country not under the dominion of his Ma

his heirs and successors, shall be deemed or entitled, dur to be entitled

ing the time he shall continue so to reside, to be the owner in to be the whole or in part of any British ship, or vessel, required and au owner of any

thorised to be registered by virtue of this act, unless he be a auth o j '^nzea to be rc

member of same British factory, or agent for, or partner in, any giftered, ex

house or copartnership, actually carrying on trade in Great Bri cept a mem

tain or Ireland. her of a fac

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, t01T> etc That so much of the said recited act passed in the fevemh and Oath required eighth years of the reign of his late majesty King William the by the reqited Third, as directs the oath therein contained to be taken on reap. of gui 3m giftering the ships and vessels therein described, shall be, and the iepeaiea* same is hereby repealed.

X. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That No registry no registry shall henceforth be made, or certificate granted, unto be

till the following oath be taken and subscribed before the person f^fjowin or persons herein before authorised to make such registry, and be taken? grant such certificate respectively, (which they are hereby respectively empowered to administer) by the owner of such ship or vessel, if such ship or vessel is owned by or belongs to one person only; or, in case there shall be two joint owners, then by both of such joint owners, if both shall be resident within twenty miles of the port or place where such register is required, or by one of such owners, if one or both of them shall be resident at a greater distance from such port or place; or if the number of such owners or proprietors shall exceed two, then by the greater part of the number of such owners or proprietors, if the greater number of them shall be resident within twenty miles of such port or place as aforesaid, not in any case exceeding three of such owners or proprietors, or by one of such owners, if all shall be resident at a greater distance.

T ABOS [place of residence and occupation] do make oath,

That the ship or vessel [name] of [port or place] whereof [mailer's

Addition to be made to the oath when the requisite number of members do not attend.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 60. [1786.

ftetvname] is at present master, being [kind of built, burden, fcfr. as described in the certificate of the surveying officer] was [when and where built, or if prize, capture, and condemnation] and that the said AB. [and the other owners names and occupations, if any, and where they respectively reside, videlicett Town, place or parish, and county, or if member of, and resident in any factory in foreign parts, or in any foreign town or city, being an agent for, or partner in any house, or copartnership actually carrying on trade in Great Britain or Ireland, the name of such factory, foreign town or city, and the names of such house or copartnership] am [or are] foie owner or owners] of the said vessel and that no other person or persons whatever hath or have any rights title, interest^Share or property therein or thereto; and that I the said AB. [and the said other owners, if any] am [or are] truly and bona fide a subject or subjects] of Great Britain; and that I the said AB. have not [nor have any of the other owners, to the bed of my knowledge and belief] taken the oath of allegiance to any foreign state whatever [except under the terms of some capitulation, describing the particulars thereof], or that since my taking [or his or their taking] the oath of allegiance to [naming the foreign states respectively to which he or any of the said owners shall have taken the fame] and prior to the passing of an all in the twenty sixth year of the reign of King George the Third, (entitled, An act for the further increase and encouragement of shipping and navigation), I have [or he or they hath or have] become a subject or subjects] of Great Britain [either by his majesty's letters patent, as a denizen or denizens, or naturalised by act of parliament, as the case may be, naming the dates of the letters of denization, or the act or acts of parliament for naturalisation respectively] or [as the case may be] I have [or he or they hath or have] become a denizen or denizens, or naturalised subject or subjects, as the case may be] of Great Britain, by his Majesty's letters patent, or by an act of parliament passed since the first day January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty fiixy [naming the times when such letters of denization have been granted respectively, or the year or years in which such act or acts for naturalisation have passed respectively], and that no foreigner, direfib or indirectly, hath any Share or part or interest In the said ship or vejfet.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, in case the number of joint owners or proprietors of any ship or vessel shall amount to three or more, and three of such joint owners or proprietors shall not personally attend to take and subscribe the oath herein before directed to be taken and subscribed, then, and in such case, such owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, as shall personally attend, and take and subscribe the oath aforesaid, shall further make oath, that the part owner or part owners of such ship or vessel' then absent is or are not resident within twenty miles of such port or place, and hath or have not, to the best of his or their knowledge or

belief.

belief, wilfully absenred.himself or themselves, in order to avoid the taking the oath herein before directed to be taken and subscribed, or is or are prevented by illness from attending to take and subscribe the said oath

XII. And, in order to enable the proper officer or officers of his Majesty's customs to grant a certificate, truly and accurately defer ibitig every jship or vessel to be regifieredin pursuance of this act, and also to enable all other officers of his majesty's customs, on due examination, to difebver zvhether any fiuh ship or vessel is the same with that for which a certificate is alleged to have been granted; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, previous to the registering or Ships to be granting of any certificate of registry as aforesaid, some one or examined, etc. more proper person or persons, appointed by the commission catesare* ers of his majesty's customs in jengland and Scotland, or by the granted, etc. governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief for the

time being in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Man, or of the colonies, plantations, islands, or territories aforesaid reflectively (taking to his or their assistance, if he or they shall judge it necessary, one or more person or persons killed in the building and admeasurement of Chips) shall go on board of ev$ry such ship or vessel as is to be registered, and shall ftridmy and accurately examine and admeasure every such ship or vessel, as to all and every particular contained in the form of the certificate herein before directed, in the presence of the matter, or of any other person who shall be appointed for that purpose on the part of the owner or owners, or, in his or their absence, by the said matter, and shall deliver a true and just account in writing of all such particulars of the built, description, and admeasurement of every such ship or vessel as are specified in the form of the certificate above recited, to the person or persons who shall be authorised as aforesaid to make such registry and grant such certificate of registry; and the said matter, or other person attending on the part of the owner or owners, is hereby required to sign his name also to the certificate of such surveying or examining officer in testimony of the truth thereof, provided such matter or other person shall consent and agree to the several particulars set forth and described therein.

XIII. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That f

if such person or persons so appointed to examine and admea tins ormak sure such ships or vessels as aforesaid, shall wilfully deliver to any ing false re person or persons authorised to make registry and grant certi giftries, etc. ficates of registry as aforesaid, a false description of any of the ^p8*for % particulars hereby required to be contained in such certificate; X or if any person or persons herein before authorised to make such registry, and grant such certificates of registry, shall know ingly make any false register, or grant any false certificate, in regard to any of the particulars required by this present at, he or they, on being convicted thereof by due course of law, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, in the court of justiciary, or the court of exchequer in Scotland, or in any court of record in the colonies, plantations, islands, or territories.

Vol. XXXV

X X

or

654 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. co.

[1786.

or in the royal court in Guernsey or Jersey, or in the superior court of justice in the isle of Man, as the caje may be, shall respectively forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and be for ever incapable of holding or enjoying any office or employment under his Majesty'

And whereas the officer or officers so appointed to examine and admeasure such Ships and vessels as aforesaid, may not always be enabled to cave such hip or vessel to be laid on bore, for the purpose of ascertaining her tonnage, according to the rule now by law prescribed for that purpose: and whereas it would in some cases endanger such hip or vessel so to do: be it therefore enacted by the authority

Method of as aforesaid, That in cases where it may be necessary to ascertain

tonrfa^when ie tonnase^any ue p.s. or ve^s when afloat, the follow vesselfare*ing method shall be observed; videlicet. Drop a plumb line over afloat. the stern of the ship, and measure the distance between such

line and the after part of the stern port, at the load water mark; then measure from the top of the said plumb line, in a parallel direction with the water, to a perpendicular point immediately over the load water mark, at the forepart of the main Item, fubtradting from such measurement the above distance, the remainder will be the ship's extreme length, from which is to be deducted three inches for every foot of the load draught of water, for the rake abast, and also three fifths of the chip's breadth, for the rake forward, the remainder shall be esteemed the just length of the keel to find the tonnage; and the breadth shall be taken from outside to outside of the plank, in the broadest part of the ship, either above or below the main wales, exclusive of all manner of (heathing or doubling that may be wrought upon the side of the ship; then multiplying the length of the keel for tonnage, by the breadth so taken, and that product by half the breadth, and dividing by ninety four, the quotient shall be deemed the true contents of the tonnage: provided always, that nothing herein befare contained shall in any wise be construed to alter the manner of admeasuring the tonnage of any ship or vessel which has heretofore been practised for the purpose of ascertaining the light duties, or any other duties or imports whatever, payable according to the tonnage of any ship or'vessel.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Bond to be thaty'at the time of'obtaining the certificate of registry as afore given, not to fold, sufficient security by bond shall be given to his Majesty, c^escand to his heirs and successors, by the master and such of the owners return them as shall personally attend, as is herein before required, such fern cases herein curity to be approved of and taken by the person or persons specified. herein before authorised to make such registry, and grant such

certificates of registry, at the port or place in which such certificate shall be granted, in the penalties following; (that is to say)

If such ship or vessel shall be a decked vessel, or be above the burden of fifteen tonnes, and not exceeding fifty tonnes, in the penalty of one hundred pounds; if exceeding the burden of fifty ions, and not exceeding one hundred tonnes, in the penalty of

three

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 60.

three hundred pounds; if exceeding the burden of one hundred tonnes, and not exceeding two hundred tonnes, in the penalty of five hundred pounds; if exceeding the burden of two hundred tonnes, and not exceeding three hundred tonnes, in the penalty or eight hundred pounds; and if exceeding the 'burthen of three hundred tonnes, in the penalty of one thousand pounds: and the condition of every such bond shall be, that fubh certificate shall not be sold, lent, or otherwise disposed of, to any person or persons whatever, and that the same shall be solely made use of for the service of the ship or vessel for which it is granted; and that in case such ship shall be lost, or taken by the enemy, burnty or broken up, or otherwise prevented from returning to the port to which she belongs, the certificate, if preserved, shall bd delivered up, within one month after the arrival of the matter in any port or place in his majesty's dominions, to the collector and comptroller of some port in Great Britain, or of the isle of Man, or of the British plantations, or to the governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief, for the time being, of the islands of Guernsey or Jersey \ that if any foreigner, or any person or persons for his use and benefit, shall purchase or otherwise become entitled to the whole, or any part or Chare of, or any iniereft in such ship or vessel, and the same shall be within: the limits of any port in Great Britain, Guernsey, Jersey, Many or the British colonies, plantations, islands, or territories aforesaid, then and in such case the certificate of registry shall, within seven days after such purchase or transfer of property in such Chip or vessel, be delivered up to the person or persons hereinbefore authorised to make registry, and grant certificates of registry, at such port or place respectively, as aforesaid; if such ship or vessel shall be in any foreign port when such purchase or transfer of interest or property shall take place, then that the same shall be delivered up to the British consul, or other chief British officer, resident at or nearest to such foreign portor if such ship or vessel shall be at sea when such purchase or transfer of interest or property shall take place, then that the same shall be delivered up to the British consul, or other chief British officer, at the foreign port or place in or at which the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall first arrive after such purchase or transfer of property at sea, immediately after his arrival at such foreign port; but if such matter, or other person who had the command thereof at the time of such purchase or transferof property at sea, shall not arrive at a foreign port, but shall arrive at some port of Great Britain, Guernsey, Jersey, Man, or his majesty's said colonies, plantations, islands, or territories, then that the same shall be delivered up in manner aforesaid, within fourteen days after the arrival of such ship or vessel, or of the person who had the command thereof, in any port of Great Britain, Guernsey, Jersey, Man, or any of his majesty's said colonies, plantations, islands, or territories: and that if any pass commonly called A Mediterranean Pass shall have been obtained

X X a; or

656

Mediterrane

with certificates.

Tenor of in dorfements on

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 60. [1786.

or procured for any such ship or vessel, then and in such case defiverevu^6 shall be delivered up at the same time, and in like

p manner, with the certificate of registry aforesaid, to the person or persons hereinbefore authorised to receive such certificate of registry: and such certificates so delivered up shall forthwith be transmitted to the of of his majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively: such Mediterranean passes shall be also transmitted to the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain by the person or persons herein before authorised to receive such certificates and passes, in order that the same may be cancelled.

XVI. And whereas the provisions made in and by the aid recited act) touching the endorsement on certificates of regijby, in case of any. alteration of the property in any ship or vessel, in the same port to which the ship or vessel belongs, have been jound insufficient; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, in every crtukate8s of besides the endorsement required by the said recited

registry, etc. acts, there shall also be endorsed on the certificate of registry, before two witnesses, the town, place, or parish where all and every person or persons to whom the property in any ship or vessel, or any part thereof, shall be so transferred, shall reside; or if such person or persons usually reside in any country not under the dominion of his Majesty, his fyeirs and successors, but in some British factory, the name of such factory of which such person or persons is or are member or members; or if such person or persons reiide in any foreign town or city, and, are not members of some British factory, the name of such foreign town or city where such person. or persons usually reside, and also the names of the house or copartner ship in Great Britain or Ireland, for or with whom such person or persons is or agent or partner, or agents or partners; and the person or persons to whom the property of such ship or vessel shall be so transferred, or his or their agent, shall also deliver a copy of such endorsement to the person or persons authorised to make registry, and grant certificates of registry, as aforesaid, who are hereby required to cause an entry thereof to be endorsed on the oa\h or affidavit upon which the original certificate of registry of such ship or vessel was obtained; and shall also make a memorandum of the same in the book of registers which is hereby directed and required to be kept, and shall forthwith give notice thereof to the of of his majesty's customs in England or Scotland, under whom they respectively adh

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when and so often as the property in any ship or vessel, belonging to any of his majesty's subjects, shall be transferred to any other or others of his majesty's subjects, in whole or in part, the certificate of the registry of such ship or vessel shall be truly and accurately recited, in words at length, in the bill or other instrument of sale thereof, and that otherwise such bill of Tale shall be utterly null and void, to all intents and purposes.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

Certificate to be recited in all transfers of property.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. co. 657

That when and so often as the matter, or other person having Changes of or taking the charge or command of any ship or vessel, registered in manner herein before directed, shall be changed, the matter endorsed on or owner of such ship or vessel shall deliver to the person or per certificates of fons herein before authorised to make such registry, and grant registry, C such certificates of registry, at the port where such change shall take place, the certificate of registry belonging to such ship or vessel; who shall thereupon indorse and subscribe a memorandum of such change, and shall forthwith give notice of the same to the proper officer of the port or place where such ship or vessel was last registered pursuant to this act; who shall likewise make a memorandum of the same in the book of registers which is hereby directed and required to be kept, and shall forthwith give notice thereof to the of of his majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively.

XIX. And whereas many frauds are committed by the frequent, change of names given to Ships and vessels, and the difficulty of comparing the entry in the book of registers, herein after directed to be kept by all such person or persons as are authorised to register Ships and vessels, and to grant certificates of the J'ame, with the registers of which they claim the benefit, is thereby greatly increased; be it there change to fore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall not be law ships^ames full for any owner or owners of any ship or vessel to give any which, and name to such ship or vessel, other than that by which (he was their ports, first registered in pursuance of this act; and that the owner or must be paint owners of all and every ship or vessel which shall be so register on The

ed, shall, within one month from the time of such registry, paint vessels. or cause to be painted, in white or yellow letters, of a length not less than four inches, upon a black ground, on some conspicuous part of the stern (provided there shall be sufficient space for that purpose, but if not, then in letters as large as such space will admit) the name by which such ship or vessel shall have been registered pursuant to this act, and the port to which (he belongs, in a distinct and legible manner, and shall so keep and preserve the same; and that if such owner or owners, or matter, look penalty or other person having or taking the charge or command of such

or vessel, shall wilfully alter, erase, obliterate, or in anywise hide or conceal, or cause or procure, or permit the same to be done, unless in the case of square rigged vessels in time of war, or shall in any written or printed paper, or other document, describe such ship or vessel by any name, other than that by which (he was first registered pursuant to this act, or shall verbally describe, or cause or procure or permit such ship or vessel to be described, by any other name, to any officer or officers of his majesty's revenue, in the due execution of his or their duty, then, and in every such case, such owner or owners, matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such 'ship or vessel, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every person and persons who shall apply for a cer Persons ap tificate of the registry of any ship or vessel, in Great Britain, cerftfiqates in

X X 3 Great Britain,

658 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 60.

[178 6.

&c.to produce Guernsey, Jersey, or The isle of Man, which shall be built, or X whole building shall be completed after the first day of August, the ships one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, shall, and they are

from the hereby required to produce to the person or persons authorised

builders, and to grant such certificate, a true and fuii account, under the hand thdc*dath*to le ^u*er of such ship r vessel, of the proper denomination, C - and of the time when, and the place where, such ship or vessel was built; and also an exa<$l account of the tonnage of such ship or vessel, together with the name of the first purchaser or purchasers thereof, (which account such builder is hereby directed and required to give under his hand, on the same being demanded by such person or persons so applying for a certificate as aforesaid); and shall also make oath, before the person or persons herein before authorised to grant such certificate (which oath he or they are hereby authorised to administer) that the ship or vessel for which such certificate is required, is the same with that which is so described by the builder as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons make qqlat a]] an(] every person or persons who, from and after the 'thfntnvhe first day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty colonies, after seven, shall apply for such certificate, as aforesaid, in any of his

majesty's said colonies, plantations, or territories, shall, before such certificate is granted, produce the like account, under the hand of the builder, and take the like oath as is herein before required to be produced 2nd taken by persons applying for the like certificate in Great Britain.

XXII wand be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the certificate of the registry of any ship or vessel which shall be obtained in pursuance of this act, shall happen to be lost, or mislaid, a register and certificate de novo, in the form hereinbefore diiedted, shall be granted for such ship or vessel, according to the regulations contained in an act passed in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for further regulating the plantation trade > and for relief of merchants importing prize goods from A merica; and for preventing collusive captures there; and for obliging the claimers of vessels seized for exportation of wool, or any unlawful importation, to give security for costs; and for allowing east-india goods to be taken out of warehousesy in order to be cleaned and refrcjhed.

xxill. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every such case such security shall be given as is herein before directed; and that in lieu of the oath directed to be taken by the said recited acts, the like oath shall be taken and subscribed, as is herein before directed to be taken and subscribed by the owner or owners of such ships and vessels as are required to be registered by virtue of this act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any ship or vessel, after (he shall have been registered pursuant to the airedlions of this act, shall in any manner whatever be altered in form or burden, by being lengthened or built

- upon,

Security to be given, on receiving fresh'and oath. made as herein before directed, instead of the oath 15 Geo. 2.

C 31.

Ships, if altered, nmft be registered a

Jan. 1, i7*7> to conform to the particulars in the last clause.

If certificates be lost, new ones to be granted, according to act 15 Geo. 2. c. 31.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 5o. g

upon, or shall be altered from a (loop to a brigantine, or from new, or to be any one denomination of a vessel to another, by the inode Orde.eme * method of rigging or sitting, in such case such ship or vessel re, sn*

shall be registered de novoy in manner herein before required, as soon as she returns to the port to which (he belongs, or to any other port in which (he may be legally registered by virtue of this acton failure whereof such ship or vessel shall to all intents and purposes be considered, and deemed and taken to be a foreign ship or vessel.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the owner or owners of all such ships and vessels as shall The condem be taken by any of his Majesty's ships or vessels of war, or by nation of pri any private or other ship or vessel, and condemned as lawful zes, and the prize in any court of admiralty, shall, upon registering such ship theveffeu8&c. or vessel, before he or they shall obtain such certificate as afore must be pro*produce to the proper officer of his majesty's customs a duced, to en certificate of the condemnation of such ship or vessel, under the to a cer- hand and seal of the judge of the court in which such ship or veltd shall have been condemned (which certificate such judge is hereby authorised and required to grant), and also a true and exadi account, in writing, of all the particulars contained in the certificate heroin before set forth, to be made and subscribed by one or more Skilful persons to be appointed by the court to survey such ship or vessel^and shall also make oath before the said officer (which he is hereby authorised and required to administer) that such ship or vessel is the same vessel which is mentioned in the certificate of the judge aforesaid.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no ship or vessel which shall be taken frizes Gotland condemned as prize in any court of admiralty as aforesaid, demned in shall be registered in the islands of Guernsey Jersey, or the ijje Guernsey, Matty although belonging to his majesty's subjects residing interedatesouth those islands, or in focne one or other of them: but in order ampton, C that the duties now by law due and payable to his Majesty on such ships and vessels may be levied and collected, the same shall be registered either at Southampton, Weymouth, Exeter, Plymouth,

Falmouth, Liverpool, or Whitehaven, by the collector and comptroller at such ports respectively, who are hereby authorised and required, after the receipt of the said duties, to register such ship or vessel, and to grant a certificate thereof, in the form, and under the regulations and restrictions in this act contained.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all the cases where any ship or vessel, so taken and con Tfie sum m demned as aforesaid, in any of his majesty's colonies, planta oath, for tiens, islands, or territories, aforesaid, shall be registered, and which a prize obtain a certificate of such registry, in manner herein before di sold in the co redied, an exact and particular account shall be subjoined to such joined to certificate, of the sum for which such ship or vessel shall have the certificate been sold, verified by the oath of the person or persons who shall apply for such registry and certificate, in order that the aforesaid duties due and payable to his Majesty may be the better levied

66o Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 60. f 1786.

and colle&sd, upon the arrival of such ship or vessel in any port or place of Great Britain where such. duties are by law due and payable.

XXVIII. And whereas the trade to and from his majesty's European dominions, and the colonies, plantations, islands, and territories, in Asia, Africa, and America, to his Majesty belonging, is liow by law confined to such Ships only as are of the built of Great Bri*and Ireland, the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Man, and of the said colonies, plantations, islands, and territories: and whereat Ships wholly owned by British subjects, and navigated according to law, can be legally used and employed only in the European trade of this kingdom, and the same are, by virtue of this act, allowed to be continued in the said trade until the same shall be worn out; and it is therefore vecessary to distinguish such ships and vejfeis respectively in the certificates to be granted pursuant to this act; be it therefore enacted by Certificate to the authority aforesaid, That the certificates which shall hereaf hat part the ter be granted in pursuance of this ah shall distinguish whether ship was built. such ships or Vessels be of the built of Great Britain ox Ireland, Guernsey, Jersey, or the Isle of Man, ox the colonies, plantations, islands, or territories aforesaid, or of any foreign country; and shall, if british built, be entitled, Certificate of British Plantation Regifiry\ and if such ships be foreign built, shall be entitled Certificate of Foreign Ships Registry for the European Trade, British Property, as the case may be.

XXIX 'And whereas many ftiteign luilt ships and vejfeis belbnginjr to, or pretending to belong to, his majesty's subjects, have by fraudulent contrivances, and under false pretences, obtained registers, by virtue of which such Ships and vessels are at present used and employed, contrary to the laws now in force, in the trade to and from his ma iefiy's colonies, plantations, islands, or territories, in Asia, Africa, and America; and it is therefore expedient and necessary, for detesting the frauds at present committed, and for preventing the same in future, that all registers heretofore granted Should be called in, and delivered up to the proper officer to be cancelled, and that new registers, of the form hereinbefore described, Should be granted in lieu thereof, in the manner hereinbefore directed, to all such ships or vessels as shall appear, to be legally entitled to the same: and whereas it is expedient tojpecify and dir eft at what time, and in what manner, all aether ships and vejfeis, which are not now by law required to be rggifiered, Should hereafter be registered, according to the intent and meaning of this act, and Should receive certificates according to the form and in the manner herein before directed: be it therefore enacted by the authority ghipfi already aforesaid, That the of of his majesty's customs in registered to England and Scotland, respectively, be authorised and required, cmificaiterfeir an they are hereby authorised and required, to give public for new ones; notice, by al such ways and means as they shall judge most pro and others per and effectual, that within a certain reasonable time or times now required as ny be best adapted to the distance of the ports to which the led to^ppiy r ftips and vessels owned by his majesty's subjects shall respectively for certifi belong, to be by them specified and published, certificates of resales, &c, giftry, according to the form herein before described will by '..' :, ready

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 60. 661

ready to be granted, in manner herein before directed, to all such ships and vessels as shall be legally entitled thereunto, and that the owner or owners of every such ship or vessel, not heretofore required to be registered, shall, on the first arrival of every such ship or vessel at the port or place to which (he belongs, after the expiration of the notice herein before directed, cause such ship or vessel to be registered, and shall obtain a certificate thereof, in manner herein before directed; and that the owner or owners of any ship or vessel, which shall have been heretofore registered, shall in like manner, upon the first arrival of such ship or vessel at the port or place to which (he belongs, after the expiration of the notice herein before directed, cause such ship or vessel to be again registered, and obtain a certificate thereof, according to the form and in the manner herein before described, and shall then deliver up the register before granted, if the same be not lost or mislaid; and if the same shall have been lost or mislaid, shall make oath before the proper officer of the customs that such register has been lost or mislaid, and shall give security in like manner as is directed and required by the said act passed in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, in the case of registers and certificates de novo.

XXX. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the expiration of the notice herein before Times allow directed, twelve months shall be allowed to all ships and vessels fd for obtain belonging to any of the ports of Great Britain, or the islands of ccr*

Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, to be registered and obtain certificates f according to the form and in the manner herein before described 5 and that, in like manner, froth and after the expiration of the notice herein before directed, eighteen months shall be allowed to all ships and vessels belonging to any of the ports in his majesty's colonies, plantations, islands, or territories in Africa or America, to be registered, and to obtain certificates according to the form, and in the mariner herein before described 5 and that, in like manner, from and after the expiration of the notice herein before directed, thirty months shall be allowed to all ships and vessels trading or fifning beyond the Qape of Good Hope, or Gape Horn, to be registered, and obtain certificates according to the form, and in the manner herein before described: and that at the end of the said term of twelve months, with respect to such ships and vessels as belong to the ports of Great Britain, and the islands of Guernffi, Jersey, or Man and in like manner, at the end of the said term of eighteen months, with respect to all ships and vessels that belong to any of the ports of his majesty's colonies, plantations, islands, or territories, in Africa or Atnericai and in like manner, at the end of the said term of thirty months, with respect to all ships and vessels trading or fishing beyond the Cape of Good Hope, or Cape Horn, no other register or certificate shall be of force or effect, except such as shall be granted in puf fuance of this act j and that all other registers and certificates?

shall from thenceforth be utterly null and void, to all intents and purposes whatsoevetv

"f'XXXI Pro

662 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 60. [1786.

XXXI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by Certificates the authority aforesaid, That in case it shall happen that any may be grant such ship or vessel, from any unavoidable necessity, or reasonable ^munavoid cau^ej all not return to the port to which Ihe belongs within able necessity, the rhyme herein before limited, it shall and may be lawful for, application the of of his majesty's customs in England and scot could not be lan&reflectively for the time being, and they are hereby required, Emited* time upon prof being made to their satisfaction of such unavoidable necessity or reasonable cause, to cause such ship or vessel to be registered

upon the terms and conditions, and under the regulations and restrictions directed and required by this act j anything herein contained to the contrary thereof not with (landing.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore ships leaving said. That no ship or vessel, which by this act is directed to be certificat hereafter registered, or which is directed, instead of the register forfeited slow re(lu're^ by law, to take out a new register, according to the

form, and in the manner herein before described, shall be permitted, after her first arrival at the port to which (he belongs at the expiration of the notice herein before directed, to clear outwards to foreign parts or coastwise, or to proceed to sea in order to fish on the coasts, or for any other purpose whatever, as a British ship or vessel, or shall be in any wise entitled to the pri, yileges of a British ship or vessel, unless the owner or owners

thereof shall have obtained a certificate according to the form, and in the manner herein before described; and in case any such ship or vessel shall depart from such port without being registered, and without having obtained a certificate as aforesaid, every such ship or vessel shall be subject to forfeiture, and also all the guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, to such ship or vessel belonging.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority If ships be aforesaid, That if, after the expiration of the notice aforesaid, any the^rt tou* or vee' (being square rigged) shall be found in any. port which they within the distance of twenty leagues by water from the port to belong, with which (he belongs, or if any vessel, hot being square rigged, be out certifi found within any port, other than that to which lhe belongs, must be^iven wbhout having obtained the certificate of registry herein before that theygshall directed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the principal of be procured, ficer or officers of such port, and he or they is and are hereby

required to detain such ship or vessel, qntil the matter, or other person having or taking the charge or command thereof, shall, if such ship or vessel be under the burden of fifty tonnes, give security by bond in the penalty of fifty pounds, in manner herein after directed; and if such ship or vessel shall exceed the burden of fifty tonnes, and shall not exceed that of one hundred tonnes, then until the master, or other person having or taking the charge or command thereof, shall, in like manner, give security by bond in the penalty of one hundred pounds; and if such ship or vessel shall exceed the burden of one hundred tonnes, then until the

master, or other person having or taking the charge or command

thereof.

hosted by

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. co. 66j

thereof, shall, together with one sufficient security, (to be approved by such principal officer or officers), give bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to be taken by such officer or officers, in the penalty of two hundred pounds, with condition that such matter, or other person so having or taking the charge or command of every such ship or vessel, shall forthwith repair with her, as soon as conveniently may be, (or being employed in the fish ery on the banks of Newfoundland, and parts adjacent, at the end of the filling season), to the port to which (he belongs, and there cause her to be registered, and procure a certificate of such registry, in the form and manner herein before directed, and produce and deliver to such officer or officers such certificate of registry, within the time limited in the condition of such bond; which limitation of time such officer or officers is and are hereby authorised to fix, according to the distance which such ship or vessel may be from the port to which (he belongs, and the nature of the voyage in which (he may then be engaged, and on failure of producing and delivering such certificate as aforesaid, such bond shall be forfeited; but if such certificate shall be produced and delivered to such officer or officers within the time so limited in the bond, such bond shall be void and of none effect, and he or they is and are hereby authorised and required to cancel the same: and in case any square rigged ship or vessel, after theex if square rig pi ration of the notice aforesaid, shall be found in any port distaot ed vessels more than twenty leagues by water from the port to which (he the porttto* belongs, or that the water at the entrance of the port to which which they be such ship or vessel belongs shall be so shallow as not to admit: long, certifi her entrance into the same, without endangering the fafetyjoif b.c.

such ship or vessel, the matter, or other person having the charge thefr teing or command of such ship or vessel, shall, within forty-eight hours surveyed, caster his arrival at such port as aforesaid, make known his arrival at the port to the collector and comptroller of the customs, or other princi whee they pal officer of such port, and shall require such collector and touc (comptroller, or other principal officer, to cause his ship or vessel to be surveyed by the proper officer at such port, who shall be appointed pursuant to the directions of this act to survey ships and vessels there, and who shall accordingly make a perfect and accurate survey thereof, and certify the several particulars thereof in like manner as is herein before directed, and such collector and comptroller, or other principal officer, shall immediately transmit the said certificate of survey to the persons authorised to register ships and vessels, and grant certificates of registry, at the port to which such ship or vessel belongs, who thereupon, and upon all the other reiquifites of this act being complied with,

shall register such ship or vessel, and grant a certificate of the registry thereof pursuant to this act; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the colleddr and comptroller, or other principal officer or officers of the customs in the port where such ship or vessel shall be so found, and he or they are hereby authorised and required to detain such ship or vessel until a perfect and

accurate

664

produced at every port, on penalty of lool.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 60. [1786.

accurate survey thereof shall be made in manner herein before directed.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore certificates of said, That after the expiration of the notice herein before re registry to be quired, the matter, or other person having or taking the charge r command of every ship or vessel which shall have been registered, and shall have procured a certificate of the registry, according to the directions of this act, shall, upon demand, produce such certificate of registry to the principal officer or officers of every port in his majesty's dominions, or to the British confui or chief British officer in any foreign port in which such ship or vessel shall arrive, for the inspection of such officer or officers, jbritish confui, or chief British officer, in order to satisfy him of them that (he has been properly registered, under the penalty of one hundred pounds.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the proper officer at every port and place where registers and certificates shall be granted in pursuance of this act, shall progressively number the same as they shall be severally count of them granted, beginning such progressive numeration at the com to be trans hiencement of each and every year; and shall enter an exact copy mhted to the every such certificate, with the number thereof, in a book to commission kept for that purpose; and shall also forthwith, or within one "month at the furthest, transmit to the of of his majesty's customs in London and Edinburgh, under whom they re fp6tjvfely at, a true and exact copy, together with the number jbf fevfcry certificate which shall be by him so granted 5 and that if ny such officer or officers shall neglect or refuse so to do, he or they so offending shall, for the first offence, forfeit the sum of rone hundred pounds, and shall, for the second offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, and be dismissed from his or their office or offices.

Certificates, C to be numbered, and an ac

ers of Customs.

Penalty for neglect.

Copies of

XXXVI. And be it also further enacted by the authority certificates aforesaid, That the of of his majesty's customs in Scotland to^Scotland shall in like manner transmit, at the end of every month annually in each year, to the of of his majesty's customs in transmitted to England, true and exact copies of all such certificates as shall be the custorn grafted by them, or by any officer or officers within the limits of knd m"eng' their commission, in pursuance of this act.:

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore sums to be said, That in lieu of all stamp duties now by law imposed on reeflh*n offt ch bonds as shall be entered into by the owner or owners of ships built any or vessel built before the first day of May, one thousand prior to May seven hundred and eighty six, or by any person or persons on 1, 1786, in their behalf, upon such ship or vessel being first, registered, and obtaining a certificate, in pursuance of this act, there shall be u ies> ct paid the sum of one shilling, and no more; and that in lieu of all fees and perquisites now payable to any person or persons, on the registry of any ship or vessel, so built before the said first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, there shall be

paid

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 60. 665

paid on the first registry of every such ship or vessel, pursuant to this adfc, the following sums, and no more (that is to say), By all ships or vessels deeked, or of the burden of fifteen tonnes, and not exceeding fifty tonnes, the sum of one shilling and sixpence, and no more; and by all ships or vessels exceeding fifty tonnes, and not exceeding one hundred tonnes, the sum of two Shillings and sixpence, and no more; and by all ships or vessels exceeding onfe hundred tonnes, and not exceeding two hundred tonnes, the sum of three Shillings and sixpence, and no more; and by all ships or vessels exceeding two hundred tonnes, the sum of five Shillings, and no more; which several sums shall be payable to such officers respectively, in the same shares and proportions in which the sums now payable are distributed: provided always, That the stamp duties stamp duties, sees, and perquifltes now due and payable upon continue to the registry of, or transfer of'property in any ship or vessel, shall transfersof continue to be paid as heretofore, save and except upon the first property, registry in pursuance of this act, of any ship or vessel built and registered before the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.

XXX

VIII. And whereas fence the conclusion of the late war, re gifiers have been granted or promised to ships and vessels not thereunto by law entitled, by his Majesty's governors, or by the officers of his Majesty's customs, in consideration of services rendered to the public by the owners of such ships and vessels, at the time of evacuating the countries, or towns, and posts held by his Majesty's forces in the countries now belonging to the unitedfates of America, or in confederation of the removal offamilies, to whom fetch flnps and vessels belongs into the countries now belonging to his Majesty: and whereas regift ers have also in some cases been so granted or promised to other ships and vessels by the governors of his Majesty's colonies, plantations, islands, and territories under mtjconception of the laws relating thereto, and the property of such ships or vessels has bona fide, and without fraud, been transferred to others of his Majesty's subjects, who under the protection thereof now use and employ feuch ships and vessels: and whereas it may be therefore just and reasonable, in particular cases, where no fraud or collufeon shall appear to have been praftifedy that such ships and vessels Should be admitted to a regiflry9 and that a certificate Should be granted to the owners thereof pursuant to this act: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and Privy council tnay be lawful to and for his Majesty, by and with the advice of order his privy council, to order any such ship or vessel, under the cir stead to eumstances before mentioned, to be registered, and to have a wh0m they certificate thereof, according to the form and in the manner have been herein before described and directed, if his Majesty in his wif granted or dom shall think fit; and in case any fuif shall have beeri com conjuration menced for the condemnation of such ship or vessel, it shall and of thei7fer a may be lawful for his Majesty, by order in council, to direct all vices, though proceedings thereupon to be staid, either absolutely, or upon such not otherwise terms or conditions as his Majesty shall think fit. entidedtherc

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore toc said, That it shall and may be lawful for any governor, lieutenant

governor.,

666 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 60* [ijsg.

Suits com governor, or commander in chief of any of his Majesty V coio mencedinthe nies, plantations, islands, or territories, and they are hereby retouching fp^tvely authorised and required, in any of the cases aforesaid, giftersgranted if any suit, information, libel, or other prosecution or proceeding such'ftnps of any nature or kind whatever shall have been commenced, or aybe ftpt shall hereafter be commenced, in any court whatever, in any of rest 'sokafure tie cones plantations, islands, or territories, respectively, be known. touching the force and effect of any register granted to any ship or vessel, in any of the circumstances aforesaid, upon a representation made to any such governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief, to cause all proceedings thereon to be staid, if he shall see just cause so to do, until his majesty's pleasure be known, and certified to him by his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council; and such governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chiefs is hereby required to transmit to one of his majesty's principal secretaries of state, to be laid before his Majesty in council, an authenticated copy of the proceedings in every such case, together with his reasons for causing the same to be staid, and such documents (properly verified) as he may judge necessary for the information of his Majesty.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty on That if any person or persons authorised and required by this neglect of act, in respect of his or their office or offices, to perform any act

uty* or thing directed and required to be done or performed pursuant to any of the provisions of this act, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to do or perform the same, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, every such person or persons so neglecting or refusing shall, on being, duly convicted thereof, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, and for the second offence shall forfeit, in like manner, the sum of five hundred pounds, and shall from thenceforth be rendered incapable of serving his Majesty in any office or employment relative to the revenue, or in any civil capacity whatever.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons make That if any person or persons shall falsely make oath to any of ing false oaths the matters herein before required to be so verified, such person ^er^ur r or persons foam suffer the like pains and penalties as are incurred and falfiifving by persons committing wilful and corrupt perjury; and that if or using false any person or persons shall counterfeit, erase, alter, or falsify any certificates to certificate required or directed to be obtained by this actor shall forfeit 500l. knowingly or wilfully make use of any certificate so counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified, such person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, How penalties That all the penalties and forfeitures inflicted and incurred by are to be re this a shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered in wh^i^the courts anche disposed of in such manner, and by such

officers share, ways, means, and methods, as any penalties or forfeitures inflicted, or which may be incurred, for any offence committed against the laws of customs, may now legally be sued for, pro si fecuted.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 61. 667

fecuted, recovered, and disposed of; and that the officer or officers concerned in seizures or prosecutions under this act, shall be entitled to and receive the same share of the produce arising from such seizures, as in the case of seizure for unlawful importation, and to such share of the produce arising from any pecuniary fine or penalty, for any offence against this act, as any officer or officers is or are now by any law or regulation entitled to, upon prosecutions for pecuniary penalties.

XLIII. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every matter contained in the said Act acts rela herein before recited acts, or in any act or acts of parliament in

heretofore passed, touching the trade, shipping, and navigation forccj except of Great Britain and the colonies, plantations, islands, and ter such parts as ritories aforesaid thereunto belonging, which is not hereby ex are hereby re pressly altered or repealed, shall remain and continue in full force Pealec* and effect, to all intents and purposes whatever 3 and so far as the same relate to the registry of ships and vessels, shall be deemed and taken to extend and apply in every respect to all ships and vessels authorised and required by this act to be registered, and to have certificates of registry.

XLIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Ships of Ire the ships and vessels belonging to his majesty's subjects redding land (awfully in the kingdom of Ireland, being duly qualified and registered registered211 according to the laws now in force, shall continue to enjoy all there, to en the privileges and advantages to which such ships and vessels joy the privi were by law entitled before the passing of this act, until the end Bri

of four calendar months from the commencement of the first*8 session of the parliament of Ireland which shall hereafter sit,during the space of four calendar months, without prorogation or dissolution; and that from the end of that time, every ship or vessel which shall, by virtue of the authority of any act that may be passed in the said parliament of Ireland be qualified and registered in any of the ports of the said kingdom of Ireland under similar regulations and restrictions to those herein before contained, shall continue to enjoy, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, all the privileges and advantages of a british built ship, or foreign built ship owned by his majesty's subjects, as the case may be, according to the provisions of this act.

CAP. LXI.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of pariia meat.

4, 600, 0001, granted out of the sinking fund, for the service of the current year; to be issued by the treasury accordingly. Treasury impow ered to raise the sum of a, 600, 0001. or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the sinking fund. All persons who shall lend any money upon the credit of this act to have a tally of loan, with orders for repayment of the money, with interest. Orders to be registered in course. No undue preference to be given in payment. No fee

to

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 6 f i

to be taken, for book or registers, or entries, views, or searches, on for feiture of treble damages, with full colts. Penalty of undue preference in point of registry or payment of thq value of the debt. Auditor, etc. neglecting his duty, liable for damages, and costs; to be recovered at Westminster. No undue preference in the registering; where orders, are brought the same day; nor if subsequent orders are paid before others not brought in course, so as money be reserved for the preceding orders. Power of alignment, and method of transferring of orders by endorsement, and to be entered with the auditor. If it shall be judged more adviseable, the treasury may raise the said sum by exeebequer bills instead of loans; and the bills in such case to be made in the manner prescribed by the land tax act of this session. All advantages and penalties in the said act of this session, relating to loans or exchequer bills thereby an thorised to be made forth, extended to this act. The said exchequer bills, interest, and charges, are to be paid out of the sinking fund. Bank authorised to lend to his Majesty the sum of 2, 600, 000b notwithstanding an act of 5 and 6 Gul. & Marias. The sum of 581, 4881. 15s. 9d. 3q. remaining in the exchequer on Jan. 5, 1786; 628, 9811. os. id. fuplus of sinking fund, April 5, 1786; 81, 3861. surplus of 6d. deduction on salaries C April 5, 1786; 16, 491l. 5s. surplus of wine duties, granted by 18 Geo. 2. April 5, 17865 after payment of annuities on single lives by said act to Jan. 5, 1786; ao, i8il. 155. surplus of glass duties, remaining April 5, 1786, after paying annuities on lives granted by 19 Geo. i. C to Jan. 5, 1786; 12, 735b 15s. surplus of vellum duties, etc. remaining at April 5, 1 786, after paying annuities on lives granted by 30 Geo. a. C to Jan 5, 17861 40, 414b 9s. 5d. 3q. surplus of 2-7u1s excise, regaining in the exchequer, April 5, 1786, granted by 5 & 6. W. and M. after satisfying charges thereon, for the half year then ended; 100, 5081. 13s. id. 3q. of impressed, and other money remaining in the exchequer for disposition of parliament; 290, 8101.4s. 6d, iq. surplus of grants for land services in 1784, remaining in the exchequer; and 21, 568l. 138.2d. 3q. surplus for Chelsea hospital, for the year 1785, remaining in the exchequer to be issued towards the supply, by. order of the treasury; 575b 4s. id. aq. of army savings in 1785, to be applied towards the extraordinary expenses of the land forces, from Dec. 24, 1784, to Dec. 24, x785, not provide ed for. Moneys arising by the land tax aft, malt aft, loans, (1, 500, 000b) C 31. further loans, (i, oooo, ooool.) C 33. further bills, (3, 000, 000b)lottery' aft, and also 581, 482b 15s. 9d. 3q. remaining in the exchequer, Jan 5, 1786, surplus of the sinking fund subject to disposition of parliament; 628, 982b id. overplus of grants in 17865 82, 386b surplus of sixpence deductions; 16, 491b 5s surplus of wine duties; 20, 281b 15s. surplus of glass duties; 12, 735b 15s. surplus of vellum duties; 40, 414b 9s. 5d. 3q. surplus of two sevenths excise; 100, 508b 13s. id. 3q. of impressed; and also 290, 810l. 48.6d. iq. for land forces, etc. 1784; 21, 568b 13. id. 3q. for Chelsea hospital, for 1785; a, 6oo, ooool. granted by this act out of the sinking fund, shall be applied ( with the residue of the moneys arising from the sale of French prizes, taken before the war in 1756, to the uses following; 2, 428, 326b 18s. 8d. for naval services, viz. for victuals, wear and tear of the navy, and the victualling thereof, for the office of ordnance for sea service, for ordinary of navy, for half pay to sea and marine officers; and for maintaining 3620 marines, and rebuilding and repairing ships of war for 17865 287, 096b 178. id. for the charges of the office of ordnance, for land service, 1786; 59, 781b for completing works at Portsmouth, and Plymouth; 1, 978, 154b 15s. od. 3q. towards maintaining the land forces, etc. viz. 647, 005b 8d. for defraying the charge of 17, 638 effective men, officers, etc. 134, 160b 5s. nd. for forces in the plantations, and Gibraltar, for 1786 5 6, 358b 3 for difference between British and Irish establishments of six regiments, of foot at Gibraltar, in North America, and the West Indies, etc for the same year; 6, 409b 8s. for pay of general and staff officers, in Great Britain, for the same year 5 24, 378b 78. 8d. iq. for fupet* numerary efficers, etc. for 365 days in the same year; 8, 130b 8s. yd, ig. for regiment of light dragoons, and 5 battalions of foot, fervtng in the East Indies, for 17865 59, 320b 33s. jd. to the paymaster general, Secretary

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C

at war, commissary general of musters, judge advocate general, comptrollers of accorapts, etc. for exchequer fees and for poundage, for the same year; 11, 409l. 79. 6d. for widows pensions, for the same year 5 171, 6661. 10s. jd. for reduced officers, for the same year; 333l.9*. 7d. for reduced officers, etc. of the horse guards, for the same year; 175, 016l. 7s. 9d. for Chelsea hospital, for the same year; 53, 502l. 178. ad. for officers of British American forces, for the same year; 3, 535l. 6d. for officers late in the service of the states general, for the same year; 1, 377l. 8d. 2q. for difference between the British and Irish establishments for several battalions in784 and 1785; 364!- 5*. lid. for difference between British and Irish establishments for tour companies of foot in 1786, for 275 days; 573, 0871. 8s, 2d. 2q. for extraordinary expenses of land forces, to Dec. 25, 1785, not provided for; j 80, 000l. to discharge exchequer bills of 22 and 23 Geo. 3. 30, 0001. to discharge arrears of civil lists to Jan. 5, 1786; 1, 500, 000l. to discharge exchequer hills of is Geb. 3;

1.000. 000l. more for paying off exchequer bills, 25 Geo. 3. 1,000, cool, for paying off bills made out by virtue of another act of the same year; a4oooo3ooool. for paying off bills of 21 Geo. 3. 12, 259!, 98. 2d. issued ih pursuance of addresses of the house of commons; 25, 0001. towards carrying on the buildings at Somerset house; 6, oobi. for erecting a house adjoining the Admiralty, to keep books/papers, etc. in; 3, 85*1. 178. 6d. for the civil establishment of Nova Scotia, 900l. for the civil establishment of the iffand of St. John in America; 1, 8*61.58, yd iq for a demand due to the late John Else, esq. late agent for the province of West Florida, surplus of his account between June 24, 1772, and June 24. 1776; 2, 66ol. for the civil establishment of the Bahama Islands, in addition tofalaries on duty fund, charged from Jan. 1, 1786, to? Jan. r, 1787; 2, Tool, for the island of Cape Breton, to June 24, 1787; 580l. for the salary of the chief justice of the Bermudas, to June 24, 1787; 4, 3001. for the civil establishment of New Brunswkk in America to the same time;3, 0ool. for forts, etc. in Africa; 6, 500l. for purchasing lands in St. Vincent; 6, 356l. for the purchase of the soil of the Bahama Islands;

9.0001. to the of of public accounts; i, ooool. to make good a like sum issued to the secretary to th said of; 1, 68tl. 183. 4d. for prosecution ofpoinersj 14, 939l. 5s. od. iq. for the mint, in 17855 5, 7841. for new roads, etc. in the highlands, in 1786; io, ooool. to the Commissioners for inquiring into claims of American loyalists, Without fee; 178, 750v. to persons who have proved Ioffe* in America, by act 25 Geo. 3. C Proportions to American ftifferers, to be not more than 40). percent, to those bearing arms, and 30l. percent, to those other resident in America during the war; 55, 0001 for relief of American civil officers, etc. for one year; 3, 888l. 4s. to make good a like sum issued to the secretary of the of; 61, 0591. 58- to make good alike sum issued to American civil officers; 3, 7501. 148. to make good a like sum paid to Though. Cotton, esq. for fees at the exchequer, o'n receipt of 50, 000! granted to loyalists lait session; 4261. 98. to make good a like sum issued to the said Though. Cotton, Thp. Dundas, and Jeremy Pemberton, esqrs. for passage, etc. of of of American claims, appointed to goto Nova Scotia or other part of American colonies and the expenses of their secretaries and clerks; 16, 061l. 16s. 3d. to make good a like sum issued to discharge bills drawn by governors of Nova Scotia, New brunswick, and Cape Breton, in America, and expense of convicts at Portsmouth, and Plymouth, etc.; 13377l. 6s. for damages sustained at saver Sham, in Kent, by the blowing up of powder Mills, in 17 & 1; 4, 106l. ios. to Joseph Iodin Du Mauvoir, for loss by seizure of the ship La Grue, at Portudal, (a French factory), in 1776, by the Lord Dartmouth armed ship, sent from Fort Louis in the river Senegal for that purpose, by Matthias Macnamara, esqr. then lieutenant governor, cof Senegambia; 2, 5001. to Louis Borel, and Abraham Henry Bore!, dyers, for the disclosure of a method of dying Turkey Red, upon cotton in hanks, and in the piece; 3, 6321. ns. 50. for the payment for lands purchased under

23 Geo. 3. c. 87; 12, 869l. ns. 7d. 3q. for compensation for lands purchased near Portsmouth, under 24 Geo. 3. c. 29; 17, 388l. 12s. id. VOL, XXXV Yy for

670 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 62. [1786.

for compeofation for lands purchased, etc. near Plymouth, under aft 14 Geo. 3. C a, etc.; 11, 560). 58. t7d. to Duncan Campbell, esq. for maintaining convids, etc.; and 31, 1991* 108. for transportation, etc. of convicts; 365, 7191. 28. 4d. aq. to replace a like sum paid out of the linking fund for deficiencies of duties on tea, etc. to July 5, 1785; 16, 588). 48* 6d. 3q. to make good deficiencies of the fund for paying annuities granted 31 Geo. a. to Jan. 5, 1785; 180, 3571. 38. 6d. iq. 'to make good the deficiency on the grant for payment of annuities, 18 Geo. 3. 177& to July 5, 1785; 15, 991l. 5. ad. aq. to make good the deficiency on the grant for payment of annuities, 19 Geo. 3. 1779 to July 5, 1785; 141, 8641. ns. 8d. to make good deficiency on the grant for payment of annuities, 29 Geo. 3. 1770, to the same time; 361, 9631. 3s. 4d. to make good the deficiency on the grant for payment of annuities, 23 Geo. 3. 1783, to the same time; 202, 581l. 7s. ?d. aq. to make good the deficiency on the grant for payment of annuities, 14 Geo. 3. 1784, to the same time; 127, 1381. 38. ad. 5 ths, to make good deficiencies of grants for 1785. Supplies not to be applied to any other uses than are directed by this act. Rules to be observed in the application of the sum of 172, 666l. jos. 5d. granted last year, for half pay. By an act 25 Geo. 3. a sum not exceeding 197, 7031. 78. lod. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers. Overplus moneys, above satisfying half pay officers, to be disposed of to officers who were maimed, etc. in the late wars, or to officers widows and children, as his Majesty shall direct.

CAP. LXII.

An act to enable the east-india company to raise money by a sale of annuities, and by increasing their capital stock.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the public Jland indebted to the united company of merchants England trading to 'the East Indies, in the sum of four millions two hundred thousand pounds, lent, at various times, under the authority of fever alafts of parliament, for which an annuity is now payable to the said united company, to thf amount of one hundred and twenty six thousand pounds, being an intereji on the said debt, at and after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum: and whereas (he [aid united company, pursuant to the powers contained in an act of parliament made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled.

Recital of aft An act for giving further time to the proprietors of annuities

2, 3 Geo. 3. C after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to subscribe the same in the manner and upon the terms therein menfidn ed; and for redeeming such of the said annuities as shall not be so subscribed; and for impowering the East India company to raise certain sums by transferable annuities; have borrowed and '. taken in by subseripiion, from sundry persons, the sum of two millions

nine hundred ninety-two thousand four hundred and forty pounds, five billings, by a grant of annuities called India Annuities, which now carry an interest at the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, amounting to the yearly sum of eighty nine thousand seven hundred and sevenly three pounds, four shillings; and whereas, for the purpose of enabling the said united company to carry on an extended trade, and also to discharge the demands to which they are liable, it is necessary and expedient that the said united company Should be enabled to raise a further sum of money than they are now enabled to do: may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty that it

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 62. 6yi

may be enacted, be it enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice nd consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and Company may may be lawful to and for the said united company, and they borrow, with are hereby authorised and empowered, by and with the consent tien^hhe and approbation of the commissioners of his majesty's treasury treafary, any for the time being, or any three of more of them, or of the"sum at 3l.per high treasurer for the time being, at such time or times, and in cent, the an such manner, as they shall find to be most for the advantage of of which^o s the said united company, to borrow and take in by subscription flot exceed or otherwise, from any person or persons, bodies politic or 36,*61. xs corporate, who shall be willing to advance the same, any sum or Aims of money, by the sale or mortgage of a fund attended with an annuity at the rate of three pounds per centum per annum not exceeding in the whole the annual sum of thirty-six thousand two hundred and twenty six pounds, sixteen Shillings, being an annuity due to the said united company from the public, in consideration of one million two hundred and seven thousand five hundred and fifty-nine pounds, fifteen Shillings, part of the said sum of four millions two hundred thousand pounds; which said sale shall and may be made at such price or prices as the court of directors of the said united company, by and with the consent and approbation of the commissioners of his majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall thiflk fit; and that Theadditioiti from and after the time of such sale, the said annuities shall be ons h

paid and transferred in like manner, and the proprietors and terms^as

holders shall, in all respects, hold their respective ftiares of the the money said fund, to be purchased as aforesaid, in like manner, and borrowed un > upon the same terms as the respective present proprietors now dertherecited hold and enjoy the respective sums belonging to them in the curedby The said annuity fund of two millions nine hundred ninety-two public in the thousand four hundred and forty pounds, five Shillings; and the same manner said annuities, so to be sold as aforesaid, shall be consolidated with the said fund of two millions nine hundred ninety-two thousand four hundred and forty pounds, five Shillings; and the said debt of four millions two hundred thousand pounds, due from the public to the said united company, and the annuities payable in respect thereof, shall be a collateral security to I

the proprietors and holders of the said annuities, so to be sold or mortgaged as aforesaid, in the same manner as for the said sum of two millions nine hundred ninety-two thousand four hundred and forty pounds, five Shillings, heretofore sold under the before recited act of the twenty-third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, but subject nevertheless to such and the like proviso, or condition of redemption by the company, as the said sum of four millions two hundred thousand pounds, due to the company by the public is or shall be subject and liable by any act or acts of parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Companymay y y 2 it a, M to their

6y2 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 62. [1786.

capital frock it shall and may be lawful to and for the said united company, fubi*nti n7 an are lier?by authorised and empowered, by and with cnp n the consent and approbation of the commissioners of his majesty's treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or of the high treasurer for the rhyme being, at any time or times hereafter, to open books, and ifo receive subscriptions from any person or persons, natives of foreigners, bodies politic or corporate, for enlarging their present capital stock or fund of three millions two hundred thousand pounds, to any sum not exceeding the furtherfum of eight hundred thousand pounds capital frock, so as to make their whole capital frock the sum of four millions; which said additional capital frock shall be subscribed and paid for at the rate of one hundred and sixty pounds for every one hundred pounds of such frock, or at such other rate as the court of directors of the said united company, with the consent and approbation of the commissioners of his majesty's 1 treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, or of the high treasurer for the time being, shall dire<fr; which said subscription shall be made, and the money for the said act ditional frock shall be paid in such manner and Form, and by such instalments and proportions, as the said court of directors, with such consent and approbation as aforesaid, shall appoint; and the capital frock so subscribed and paid for, shall, from and after the time of such payment, be deemed, considered, and taken, as and for a part or the capital frock of the said com subscribers to pany; and the said subscribers, from and after the time of make be uicorporat ing fu]j payment for the said additional frock, and their respectcampany etc tive executor or administrators and assigns, shall at all times'be deemed and reputed to be members of the said united company, and incorporated therewith, and shall be entitled unto, and have, hold, and enjoy all and every the profits, benefits, privileges, advantages, and immunities, and be subject and liable to all and every the regulations, rules and orders, where to y the present stockholders and members of the said united company,

in respect of the frock held by, and belonging to them, are respectively entitled, subject, and liable unto, by any act or acts of parliament, charter, or bye-law, or otherwise howsoever; and the said additional frock shall be transferable and afrignable in the like manner, and the proprietors and holders thereof shall hold their respective shares of the said additional frock in like manner, as the respective present stockholders of the said company now do, and hereafter shall hold and enjoy, the respective sums now belonging to them in the present

capital frock of the said united company; and the same shall, in all respects, be consolidated and united as one joint frock.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Dividends on That the said united company shall and may, from time to the additional time, make and pay the like dividends, to the proprietors of the piid asoifthe^additional frock, as they now do and hereafter shall and present dock. may make and pay to the proprietors and holders of the present frock of the said united company; the first of which said dividends

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 61i 673

dends shall commence from such time as shall be specified in the proposals or terms to be offered for the said subscription by the said court of directors, with such consent and approbation as aforesaid.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Preference in the said court of directors, with such consent and approbation subscribing as aforesaid, to give the option and preference, in subscribing

for the said additional (tock, to such persons as shall hold the nny be given said company's (lock at the time or times of such subscription to the present as aforesaid, as far as, and not exceeding the amount of fifty proprietors, so pounds per centum on the capital stock which shall then be held as xot tj> ex' by each stockholder so subscribing, for all such sums as they ent.*on the" shall subscribe on or before the first day of September one thou stock now sand seven hundred and eighty six; and in case the subscrip held by them, tiens, made by them on or before the said first day of September, I so fab

one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, shall exceed the mo^etharifuf sum proposed to be sold at that time, a proportionable deduc ficient, a pro" tien shall be made from each subscription; and if such subscript portionable tien shall, on the close thereof, on the first day of September deduction to one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, fall Short of the be sum proposed to be sold, the deficiency shall be disposed of to 11 cnp'

other persons, as the said court of directors, with consent and approbation as aforesaid, shall think fit.

V Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing herein contained shall extend, Court of di or be construed to extend, to prevent or restrain the court of felfthe whole directors of the said united company, by and with such consent or part of the and approbation as aforesaid, from agreeing with one or more stocktooneor person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, for the sale of more person the whole of the said annuity hereby authorised to be sold, or ^t.^the^coa for the sale of the said additional capital stock, or for such part penvt ^pthe or parts thereof respectively as they shall from time to time treasury. think fit, and find it necessary and proper tdtell; but it shall and may be lawful for the said court, with such consent and approbation as aforesaid, to contract for and agree to sell the whole, or any part thereof, respectively, to one or more person or ersons.

VI. And be it further enacted, Thar, as soon as reasonably Receipts to be may be after the deposit or first payment shall be made for the given for de said annuites, hereby authorised to be sold, or for the said addi Posits aid to tional flock to be subscribed for the said company's cashier or bfe^y^n ^" treasurer shall give a receipt for the same, and fe from time to dorfement, time as future payments shall be made, which said receipts shall be assignable and transferable by endorsement thereon; and when the first payment shall be made on the said annuities, to be sold, and on the said additional flock to be subscribed for as aforesaid, the holder of such receipt, on delivering up the same, shall have his or her name entered, in proper books to be keep by the said utiited company for those purposes, with an account of the anituity fund or the capital stock belonging to each pro

Y y 3 prietor.

Guardians may purchase for infants, etc.

074 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii IIIC, % [1786.

prietor, in like manner as the apcount of the present proprietors of India annuities alid flock are respectively kept.

VII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, Pepofitstobe That in case any subscriber or subscribers, after having subscrib^ fbb^ri^ions ec all ^. making all or any the payments agreed at the are not duly respective times for such payments, then, and in every such paid. case, the said united company shall and may take in ftibfcrip

tiens for and fell the annuity fund, or flock subscribed' for by such defaulter, to any other person or persons, and all deposits and payments made by such defaulter previous to such default, (half be forfeited to, and become the property of the said united company.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any guardian or trustee having the disposition of the money of any infant, to purchase the said annuities, and subscribe and pay for the said additional flock, or any part thereof respectively, upon the terms and conditions contained in this act; and such ipfant, upon the payment of such sum or sums by such guardian or trustee, shall be entitled unto the annuities or flock, so subscribed and paid for on his account, and to all advantages in respect thereof, in like manner as any other purchaser or subscriber; and the said guardian or trustee, as to the sum or sums advanced by him, shall be, and is hereby discharged in respect thereof, fp as the name of such infapt shall be expressed in the receipt or receipts for fuph money.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a public at; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXIII.

An act for the further preventing frauds and abuses attending the payment of wages prize money, and other allowances, due for the service of petty officers and seamen on board any of his majesty's Ships.

WHEREAS great frauds and abuses are daily practised in the receiving of seamen's wages, notwithstanding former acts of parliament made for preventing the same: for remedy whereof be it enacted by the king's mo ft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and cptrfmons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of Augujly one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, no letter of attorney, made by any petty officer or seaman in the service of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or letter of attorney made by the executors or administrators of any such officer or sea irian, in order to empower or entitle any person or persons to receive any wages, pay, or allowances of money of any kind, due or to grow due for such service, shall be good and valid, or sufficient" "' " for publick act.

freamfclp.

From Aug.?, 1786, noletter of attorney of a petty q ficer, C to he Talid, unless made re

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 63. 675

for that purpose, unless such letter of attorney shall be made and declared to be revocable by the express words thereof; and that no letter of attorney, or will, made by any petty officer or sea Letters of atman

in the service of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, torney, C to

.. J J u C be attested by

whereby any Wages, pay, prize money, or allowance or money the captai?1 of

of any kind, due or to grow due for such service, is authorised the Ship, C

to be received or bequeathed, shall be good and valid, and sufficient

for the purpose, unless such letter of attorney, or will, if

made by any such officer or seaman then in the service cff his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall be signed before, and

attested by, the captain, or by the officer then commanding,

and one or other of the signing officers of the ship to which such petty officer or seaman shall belong, and shall specify in the

body thereof the name of the ship, and also the number at

which the maker of such will, or letter of attorney, stands upon the ship's book; or by the agent of any of his Majesty's hospitals

or quarters appointed to receive lick and wounded Teamen,

commonly called Sid Quarters, in which such petty officer or

seaman may be for the time; and unless such letter of attorney,

or will, if made by any such officer or seaman who shall have been discharged from the service of his Majesty, his heirs qr

successors, or if such letter of attorney is made by the executors

or administrators of any such officer or seaman, and made if made with

within the bills of mortality of the cities of London and Westminster, Is attested by an officer to be appointed by the treasurer beatfefted by

of his majesty's navy, for the purpose of inspecting the wills, an officer ap

and letters of attorney, of such officers and seamen, or, if made poinred for

at any of the ports where Teamen's wages are paid, is attested ft

by the treasurer of the navy's chief or second clerk there, or if the

made at any other place, is attested by the minister and church treasurer of

wardens of any parish in England or Ireland, or in that part of the navy's

Great Britain called Scotland, by the minister and two elders of clerk; and the parish where such petty officer or seaman, executors or ad ^ace^y the

ministrators, shall respectively reside. minister, etc.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every such letter of attorney, and will, shall contain the name of the Particulars to ship to which the person granting the same la ft belonged, and specified m <ktfo the full del'cription of the residence, profession, or business, lorney and of the person to whom or in whose favour the said letter of at wills torney, or will, is made, and also the day of the month, and place where the said letter of attorney, or will, was executed.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That after

such letter of attorney, or will, shall be executed under the Letters of at hand and seal of the party, and attested in manner above men torney, etc to tioned, the same shall not be delivered to such party himself, or toth^iw^or to any person or persons for his behalf, but the same, if executed gc^ and h*nrt abroad, shall be, with all convenient speed, sent by the com boards, etc mander of any of his majesty's ships, or agent of his majesty's hospitals or sick quarters, at the times when they transmit their respective returns to the navy and sick and hurt boards; or, if

Y y 4 executed

6j6 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 63. [i; 85.

executed in Great Britain or Ireland, shall be seat by the commander of any of his majesty's ships, agents of his majesty's hospitals or sick quarters, treasurer of the navy's clerks, minister of the parish, or whoever of them shall] attest such letter of attorney, or will, by the general post, addressed to the treasurer or paymaster of the navy, at the navy pay office, London.

Letters of at

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the bt'delivered^0 treasurer or paymaster of the navy shall immediately deliver to the officers over beame to the fficer before mentioned, appointed for appointed to inspecting the will? and letters of attorney of seamen; in in spet them, spedor shall, immediately on receipt of such letter of attorney, Wifter them or duly res^er the same in a numerical and alphabetical e9manner, in a separate book or books, to be kept by him for the purpose of registrating such letters of attorney, and wills, specifying the date of such letter of attorney, or will, and the place where executed, the name and addition of the person in whose favour such letter of attorney is granted, and the name and addition of the executor or executors named in such wills, and the names and qualities of the witnesses attesting the same; and and to exa the said inspector is directed and hereby required, if the same mine the fig shall appear to be witnessed by the commander of any ship, or ydtneffies*1 C agent f his majesty's hospital or sick quarters, or treasurer of the navy's clerks, to examine and compare his signature to the attestation of such letter of attorney, or will, with that set and subjoined to the pay or muster books of such ship, or with the returns made by the agent of such hospital or sick quarters, or any public accounts signed by such clerk of the treasurer of the navy, to all which documents it is hereby directed he shall have free access at all times, or with any other instruments and where which he may have in his possession or power; and in case it n^t^to^be ee appear to bim that such letter of attorney, or will, is not

mime, to flop genuine and authentic, he shall not pass the same, 'but shall them and ac give notice by letter, to be sent by the general post, to the per quaint the son in whose favour such letter of attorney is granted, or person parties there or persons named executor or executors in such will, informing him pr them that the said letter of attorney, or will, is stopped, If genuine, and the reason thereof; but if, upon such examination and en to btftan^pt quiry>^shall appear to the said inspector that the said letter of thereon, and attorney, 'or will, is genuine and authentic, he, or a person kept as authorised to officiate for him, shall sign his name to such letter vouchers of Gf attorney, or will, and also put a (lamp thereon, to be made counts anc kept orb pupp^e> m token of his approbation thereof;

and every such letter of attorney shall be kept as one of the vouchers of the treasurer of the navy's accounts: and the said inspector shall, immediately after such inquiry and approbation. Notice to be gjvg notice by letter, to be sent by the general post to the per tornies when" on^favour such letter of attorney is granted, that he powers are has received and approved of the same, and he shall at the same approved, and time send to such attorney a cheek, specifying the number of also checks to such letter of attorney, the name and addition of the person u pnze granting the same, the name and addition of the person in whose

favour

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c677

favour the same is granted, the date and place when and where them to re executed, and the names of the witnesses attesting the same, ce*ve themo -- which said check shall be signed and stamped by the said in ney spe6lor, or person authorised to officiate for him, and shall to such attorney (land in the place of his original letter of attorney, and shall be to him a sufficient authority to demand payment of and discharge all such wages, pay, prize money, or allowance of money, to which the person granting the same was entitled for his service on board any of his majesty's ships; and the said / shall in like manner give notice, to be sent by the general post to the person or persons named and appointed executor or executors in such will, that such will is received and approved of; and the said inspector shall number and register Notice of ap the said will so signed and stamped by him as aforesaid, and shall probation of make out a check, in the manner as above directed with respect to be tent C to letters of attorney, which check he shall forward in like man which willau ner to the said executor or executors, and which shall be a fuf thorize the ficient authority for them, or for their attorneys, to apply, upon executor to the testator's death, to the said inspector, requesting that the pro will may be directed and sent by him to a prodtor in Doctors Commons, where they may, on application, obtain probate thereof; which probate, when obtained, shall be lodged with the Probates to be said inspector of seamen's wills, who, or the person authorised to officiate for him, is hereby directed to certify, upon the check and The same formerly delivered, that a probate has been granted, and the certified upon check shall then, to such executor or executors, (land in the the check.

place of such probate, and shall be to him a sufficient authority to demand payment of and discharge all sums that shall be due to him as executor to the party who made the said will.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Tnspector to abovementioned inspector shall, in return to all letters of at ch^clf torney and wills received by him from ministers of parishes, ^otrtnfmits give notice as aforesaid to the said minister who transmitted the powers ofat same, and not to the grantor thereof, of his having passed and torney, etc. to approved of such letter of attorney, or will, and (end the check bedeliveredto by the general poll, made out in the manner abovementioned, the grantors to the said minister; which notice from the said inspector shall be addressed to the minister of the parish, (naming the same), without inferring the name of such minister, to be delivered to him at his manse or dwelling house; every such minister cf a parish shall deliver the said check to the party who executed such letter of attorney, or will: and all letters and Letters packets addressed to, or sent by, the said treasurer or paymaster to', C

of the navy, or inspector to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, paftfree of from and after the passing of this act, he sent and received free postage. from the duty of postage, in the same manner, and under the same restrictions, as the clerk assistant, and chief clerk without doors, of the house of commons of Great Britain now send and

receive the same.

VI. And be it enacte<j by the authority aforesaid, That all Grants of let. captains and commanders of ships shall, upon their monthly ter8f r musterney to be '

678

ferted in the monthly returns.

The steps to betaken to recover wages, etc. due to men dying intestate.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 63. [1786.

muster books or returns, specify which of the men mentioned in the said returns have granted any letter of attorney during that month, or space of time from the preceding returns, by inserting the date thereof opposite to the party's name.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any petty officer or seaman belonging, or who shall have belonged to any of his majesty's ships, shall die intestate, leaving any wages, pay, prize money, or allowance of money of any kind, due to them in respect of such service, the same shall not be paid unto any representative of such intestate, but upon letters of administration to be obtained in the following manner; videlicet, The person claiming such administration shall give in a note or petition to the inspector of seamen's wills, dating the name of the deceased, and to what part of his majesty's dominions he originally belonged, and the name or names of the ship or ships on board of which he served, together with his own name and addition at full length, and his relation to, or connexion with the deceased, and also what other relations, to the best of his knowledge, the deceased has alive at the time, and where they are resident; and which petition shall be certified by two reputable housekeepers of the parish, town, or place where such petitioner is resident, certifying that they believe the Contents of the said petition to be true; and which petition and certificate shall be further certified by the minister of the parirti, and two of the churchwardens, or two of the elders, certifying that the two persons who certified the petition, in manner abovementioned', are resident within the parish, and persons of good repute: whereupon the inspector of seamen's wills, as aforesaid, shall make such inquiry as to him shall appear necessary for ascertaining the truth of the said petition; and if, upon such inquiry, he shall be satisfied of the truth thereof, and it also appearing that no will of such deceased has been lodged with him, he shall deliver or send, to the person claiming to be such admirlistrator, an abstract of the said petition, with a note or ticket subjoined thereto, signed by the said inspector or person authorised to officiate for him, and marked with his stamp, certifying that the contents of the said petition appear to him to be true, and that the person claiming to be administrator may obtain letters of administration to the deceased, provided he is otherways entitled thereto by law; which certificate shall be directed by the inspector to a prodtor in Doctor's Commons, for the purpose that letters of administration may pass in favour of the petitioner, if entitled thereto by law, but not otherways; and such original petition and certificate shall be lodged and remain in the records of the treasurer of the navy, and be preserved by him; and the letters of administration, when obtained, shall be lodged and registered, in the same manner with the probates of wills, in the hands of the inspector, who is hereby directed to grant a check, signed and stamped by him, or by the person authorised to officiate for him, to the administrators, or their attorneys, which shall

e (land

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. 0, 64. 679

(land in the place of the administration, and be to them a sufficient authority to demand payment of and discharge all sums that shall be due to them as administrators to the party deceased.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any proctor, Penalty on register, or other officer of any ecclesiastical court, shall be aid proctors, etc. ing and assisting in procuring probate of the will, or letters of administration, for the purpose of enabling any person to reprobates of eeive the wages, pay, prize money, or allowance of money of wills, etc. any kind due or becoming due for their service on board any contrary to ship or ships then in, or formerly belonging to his Majesty, his this act heirs and successors, without first obtaining the certificate from the inspector of Teamen's wills and letters of attorney, or person authorised to officiate for him, in manner above directed, every such proctor, register, or other officer, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds, and for ever after be incapable of acting as proctor, register, or in any other capacity, in any ecclesiastical court in Great Britain ox Ireland.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That the Abstracts of lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the commissioners for this act to be executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, shall direct abstracts of this act to be printed, and that a competent and no cap number of the copies of the said abstracts be delivered to the tain to have

captain or commander of every ship and vessel of his Majesty, his general his heirs and successors; such captain or commander, as 1

soon as the ship or vessel by him commanded shall be put into board;

are fa

sea pay, shall cause one of the said printed abstracts to be hung tisfied it ha up and affixed to the most public place of such ship or vessel, been done, and shall cause the same to be constantly kept and renewed, so that they may at all times be accessible to the petty officers and featnen on board of such ship or vessel; the of of the navy are hereby charged and directed strictly to inquire'whether the directions hereby given for hanging up and affixing the said abstracts,; as aforesaid, have been duly observed by the captain or commander of such ship or vessel, and not to grant such captain or commander his general certificate until they are fully satisfied thereof.

CAP. LXIV.

An act to discontinue, for a limited time, the federal duties payable in Scotland upon low wines and spirits, and upon wortsj wash, and other liquors, there used in the distillation of spirits 3 and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the mode established by the laws and regulations

now in forte, for charging and securing the rates and duties imposed upon wort, wash and other liquors, used, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the distilling of spirits for home consumption, hath not been found to answer the good purposes thereby intended within that part of the united kingdom, and it is therefore expedient tot impose, in lieu thereof \ a moderate duty upon the said

wort)

68q

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 64. [1786.

wdrty tva/b, and other liquorf, to be ascertained by the size or con tent of the jtius there lawfully used in the making of low wines and Spirits and to impose a further equalising duty upon such spirits, made in Scotland for home consumption, as shall be brought from thence into any other part of the united kingdom; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's mod: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the The duties same, That the several rates and duties granted and imposed by htscofiand6 any a or as parament now in force, or which (land and on distillation remain discontinued or suspended, for any time or term, upon of spirits, C any wort, waft), or other liquor, or any mixture with the to be disconti same, for extracting oflow wines or spirits in Scotland, or upon Year? from the ow w*nes or fyirhs there made or manufactured, or upon july^any licence required to be taken by any distiller or maker of spirits from corn or malt in Scotland (save only and except any arrears now due in respect of such rates or duties), shall be discontinued for the space of two years, to be computed from the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, From July 5, That, from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand shall hi lieu even hundred and eighty six, there shall be substituted, charged, of the present anc Pai^ to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by the distill duties, bepaid lers or makers of spirits in that part of Great Britain, called the following, Scotland, for and during the aforesaid term of two years, theiz# rates and duties following $ that is to say.

For every ft ill For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the nuas for capacity or content of each and every still, including the head each englhh thereof, which shall be used or employed by such distiller or wine gailon maker of spirits, for the making of low wines or spirits from ofitscontents, corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder, or perry, or other waft) or LI where British quor maje or brewed from any sort or kind of British mate

n)2tcri3i3 jrc

used. rials, or any mixture with the same, the yearly sum of one

pound ten Shillings sterling:

For each gal For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the ca lon ot its con pacjty or content of each and every still, including the head where^melaf thereof, which shall be used or employed by such distiller or fes or sugar is maker of spirits, for making low wines or spirits from melasses used. or sugar, or any mixture therewith, the yearly sum of two

pounds ten Shillings sterling::

for every For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the ca gallon where pacity or content of each and every still, including the head materi^are thereof, which shall be used or employed by such dirt filer or used^8^maker of spirits for making low wines or spirits from foreign refused wine, or foreign cyder or waft) prepared from foreign materials, except melasses and sugar, or any mixture therewith the yearly sum of three pounds sterling:

No wash still Which said respective duties shall be paid by the person or per under jo gal fons

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 64.

fons, and at the respective times, and In the manner herein? Ions to be h after mentioned: provided that no wah still to be so licensed, ^enc<unieft shall be of a less content or capacity, including the head thereof, therewith be than fifty galions, English wine measure; and that there be at licensed a fpi the same time licensed with every wah still, or low wine still, rit (till of one or spirit still, of a content or capacity not less than one fourth fourth of it part of the content or capacity of such wah still qon cn

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said No distiller to fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six,

no person or persons whatever shall by him, her, or themselves, 0[jt a i{ceacc# or by any other person or persons whatever, employed by him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their ufc or benefit, work er erect any still or ftiils, for the distilling, making, or manufacturing of low wines or spirits, from malt pr earn, or any of xhtb materials aforesaid, in Scotland without first taking out a licence or licences for that purpose; which, licences dial) be, from time to time, granted by such persons in Scotland as the of of his majesty's treasury, or the lord high trea

hirer for the time being shall authorise and appoint, and which persons shall be under and subject to the order, and control of the commissioners of excise in Scotlandr, in such manner as the said of of the treasury, or the lord high treasurer, shall declare and direct, and which licence the said person or persons so to be authorised are hereby directed to grant to all persons who shall apply for, and be duly qualified to receive the same, ten days at least before he, (lie, or they shall so erect or work such still or ftiils, and first paying into, the hands of the proper officer of excise such proportion of the yearly rate or duty hereby imposed, according to the content or capacity oath still or ftiils so to be worked or erected as aforesaid, as is herein after directed.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it Distillers may shall and may be lawful for any distiller or distillers, after ob Prepare wwt taining such licence as aforesaid, to prepare wort, wall, or^co" m tilts, for the space of ten days before the time fixed by the said mencement of licence for commencing distillation; also. That such licences but distiller or distillers shall not begin to distill any low wines or incur pe spirits, previous to the time fixed by the said licence for that purpose, upon pain of incurring all the penaltigs and forfeitures censed (tills, directed to be inflicted on persons forking with unlicensed ftiils. if they begin

V. And be it further enacted, That every licence to be to be granted by virtue of this act shall continue in force twelve ca mence^nent" 1^ lendar months from the date thereof, and no longer; and that Licenses to" all and every person or persons who shall take out any such LI be renewed cence as aforesaid, and who shall intend to continue to work annually, ten any still or ftiils, after the expiration of such licence, is and are days before hereby required to take out a fresh licence, ten days at least expirauon# before the expiration of twelve calendar months after taking,

out the former licence, in manner before directed, and tq pay the like sum upon the granting every renewed licence, as is by

this

Licences may be taken out within six weeks after July j, 1786, which will continue in force till July J, 1787, etc.

684 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 64, [1786.

this act provided and directed in the case of the original dt first licence.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for every person or persons to take out a licence or licences under this act, at any period within the space of six weeks after the commencement of this act, which licence or licences shall continue and be in force until the fifth day of July, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven; at which period every licence taken out under this act shall cease and determine, unless renewed in the manner herein after directed: provided also, That every such person or persons who shall take out any licence or licences within the said six weeks after the commencement of this act, shall be obliged to pay in advance for such licence or licences a rateable proportion of the licence duty by this act imposed, corresponding to the number of weeks or days that shall be to run before the said fifth day of July, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons to take out a licence, or licences under this act at any period during the first year of this act, which licence or licences shall be current to the fifth day of July, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven; and such person or ersons, upon taking out such licence or licences, shall pay down the licence duty by this act imposed, as if such licence or licences had been taken out at the expiration of the said first six weeks as aforesaid, and shall also pay per advance such rateable proportion of the duty for the time that shall remain of the said licence or licences being in force, in the manner herein aft? directed.

VIII. And be it further enacted/that if any person or persons shall, after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, erect, work, or use any (till or (tills for the distilling, making, or manufacturing of low wines or spirits from malt or corn, or any other of the materials afore

et and the said, in Scotland, or keep any such (till or (tills, without first be destroyed0 tans out licence, or renewing the same yearly, in many*aforesaid, ht, lhe, or they shall respectively forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of three pounds sterling for each gallon English wine measure of the capacity or content of such (till or (tills; and such (till or stills, with the whole utensils for brewing or manufacturing worts, wah, low wines or spirits, in the possession of such person or persons, shall be seized and "forfeited, and the said (till or stills shall be compleatly destroyed in the presence of the magistrate before whom the said (till or ltills and utensils shall be condemned; which sums shall be levied and taken from every offender, without deduction or mitigation by any court or magistrate whatever, any act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

Licences may be taken out at any time during the first year, on the terms herein specified.

Unlicensed persons using stills forfeit 3]. for each gallon of their con

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 64:683

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no distiller Persons using or distillers, maker or makers of low wines or spirits from malt

or corn, or any other of the materials aforesaid, shall erect, forfcif 3*01^ work, use, or have in his, her, or their possession any still or each gallon of stills, upon any pretence whatever, in any^house or place other their contents, than the house or place previously entered by him her, or and foj them, at the proper office of excise, according to the several working  laws in that behalf made and provided, on pain of forfeiting and iofing the sum of three pounds sterling for each gallon of the capacity or content of such still or stills, and of the further sum of two hundred pounds sterling for each time it shall be proved that he, she, or they hath or have used such still or stills, the famer to be levied without mitigation in the manner aforesaid, and the said still or stills shall be seized, forfeited, and destroyed in the manner aforesaid, any a or acfts to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That upon, or previous to One sixth the granting of any such first or renewed licence, the person or Part persons applying for the same shall, before he, she, or they to b^paid^ shall be entitled to such licence, make payment in advance to when licences the proper officer of excise appointed to receive the same, of one are granted, sixth part of the annual duty hereby charged upon his, her, or and stills, and shall afterwards, at the expiration of the first two

months, and so afterwards at or before the end of every two months after months of the unexpired term of his, her, or their said annual wards, licence, make payment in advance of a further proportional part of the said annual duty, in such form and manner as that the said duty shall always be paid two months in advance into the receipt of the excise.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons None but the shall be capable of taking out or receiving any such licence as owners of aforesaid, lave only the actual owner or owners of the still or ^vitjed^to stills intended to be worked by virtue thereof, and of the imple fences.  ments thereto belonging, and every person and persons demanding such licence shall, if required, take and subscribe an oath,

before one or more of the commissioners of excise in Scotland, or any justice of the peace for the county in which he, she, or they shall happen to reside, (and which oath such of or justice are and is hereby empowered to administer), that the said still or stills, and implements, are his, her, or their property, and that the work intended to be carried on is at his, her, or their risque, and on his, her, or their account; and in every LI Licences to cence, which shall be granted by virtue of this there shall express the be pepressed and specified the christian name or names, and the Party, s ban[ic* Surname or surnames of the person or persons to whom the same shall be respectively granted, the place or places of his, her, or their respective residence, and the name of the parish or place where such still or stills are intended to be setup, ereested, and used, together with the respective dimensions or gauges of such (till or stills, and declaring for what particular use each respective still is intended to be employed, whether it be for the distillation

684 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 64/ [1786.

of low wines, or for the distillation of wash, and if for the distillation of wash, specifying from what materials such wash shall be prepared, and also specifying the sum or form paid for the duty, and the times when the future payments shall rc spectively become due, and when such licence will cease and _ expire.

Sufedas^

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no words spirit Hill, etc. contained in the said licence shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any distiller or distillers to use his wash still in distilling of spirits, or his spirit or low wine still in distilling of wash, upon notice being previously given to the officer, and the causestated for such alteration in the said notice, f^rit^efc

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful

not to' have for the person or persons to be named as aforesaid to grant, or licences for to authorise any other person or persons to grant, to any redr distihing, etc.; fier or compounder of spirits, or to any common brewer or victualler, any licence for working, erecting, or keeping of any at one time. or ftdls, for the distilling of wash or low wines, so long afs he, she, or they doth or shall continue to carry on the business of a redifier or compounder of spirits, or common brewer or victualler for brewing or selling of beer or ale, in Scotland; and that no person or persons shall be allowed during the continuance of this act, to carry on the trade of a distiller with that of common brewer or victualler, or the trade of a rediner of spirits with that of a common brewer or victualler, at one and the same time, on pain that every such person or persons shall be deeftii ed to carry on such respective trades contrary to law, and be liable to the several pains and penalties instided against pev tonnes carrying on the trade of a distiller or redifier without licence.

bevalfd tfllt0

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, during the continue indorsed by'ance f is ad, no licence to be granted as aforesaid shall be the officer of available or of any effect until the same shall have been produced excise of the to, and a copy thereof delivered to, the officer of excise of the district. division, district, place, or bounds wherein the still or stills thereby to be licensed is or are erected, or intended to be erected, the production and receipt of which licence every such officer is hereby required to acknowledge and certify gratisy under his hand, by endorsement upon such licence (if the party shall require the same), and that such production and delivery shall be deemed and held as a sufficient entry of such still or stills; anything herein, or in any other act or acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

New stills, of

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any such still or (tills, the same cato be so licensed as aforesaid, shall, during tbg continuance of be^reftedfn ^cence> by any unavoidable accident, be destroyed or ren

piace^f de dered unfit for use, the owner thereof shall immediately give stroyed ones, notice in writing of such accident to the proper officer or super without a new visor of excise of the division, district, place, or bounds, and licence. shall at liberty forthwith after such notke so ered a new still or stills; in case such new erected still or stills be not of a

larger

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 64. 685

larger capacity or content than the said former still or stills respectively, it shall be lawful for such owfier or owners to work the same, during the term to come and unexpired of his, her, or their subsisting licence or licences, without taking out any new licence for that purpose; but if such new erected still or stills shall be of any larger capacity or content respectively than the said former still or stills, the owner or owners thereof shall take out a new licence for erecting and working the same, which new licence shall have duration only for the unexpired term of the' old licence, and an additional duty for such unexpired term shall be advanced and paid according to the increased capacity or content of such new still or stills, on the taking out of such new licence.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if the owner or own If licences be fers of any licensed still shall not, within the time limited by this not renewed, act for the renewal of licences, renew his, her, or their licence mu

for the next ensuing year, such owner or owners shall, immedi own etc, ately after the expiration of his, her, or their said licence, 'either wholly pull down his, her, or their still or stills, in the presence of the proper officer of excise of the division, district, or place, or deposit in the excise office of the division, district or place, the head of every such still, and such of the utensils or implements belonging to such still as such officer shall think proper to feled, and also remove and take away the several pipes and worms of such still or stills, to the satisfaction, and under the direction of the said officer, so as thereby effectually to render'such still or stills incapable of being worked or used, in which state such still or stills shall remain and continue until the same shall be either again duly licensed, according to the directions of this act, or be absolutely and wholly pulled down, removed and disposed of, in the presence of the proper officer of excise 5 and if any such owner or owners shall neglect or refuse to observe or Penalty on comply with any of the directions hereby given, he, she, or they neglect. shall forfeit and lose, for every such neglect or refusal, the sum of three pounds sterling for each gallon of the content of such still or stills5 and every such still or (tills shall also be lost and forfeited, and be utterly destroyed in the presence of the magistrate before whom the same shall happen to be condemned.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often Notice of the as the property and possession of any licensed still or stills shall be change of changed, the person or persons becoming entitled thereto shall property in forthwith, after such change of property and possession, and be fore any such still or stills is or are by him, her, or them at officer of e tempted to be charged and worked, give notice thereof in writing cite, to the proper officer of excise of the division, district, place, or bounds, within which such still or stills shall be situated; shall thereupon, and upon making oath before a magistrate of his, her, or their property therein, if required by such officer, be permitted to work such licensed still or stills, for the unexpired term of the subsisting licence, upon the same conditions as are expressed and specified in such licence.

Host ed by

686

Notice must be given by the purchaser of a licensed fill!, if he does not intend to work it, etc.

Persons neglecting to

using other than licensed stills, not to have licences granted, etc.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 64.

[178&

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if upon any such change of property and possession of or in any such licensed still or stills, the person or persons becoming in titled thereto shall not be desirous of working such still or stills, such person or persons shall, within three days after his, her, or their title thereto shall have accrued, signify the same in writing to the proper officer of excise, and deposit with him the head or heads belonging to such still or stills, and also such of the utensils belonging thereto as the said officer shall select, in order to render such still or stills incapable of being used, and such still or stills shall not be again used until a new licence shall be granted for that p, ur^ofe, and the duty which would have become due for the unexpired term of the subsisting licence, to be computed from the time of giving such notice as aforesaid, shall cease to be paid; but no claim shall lie for repayment of any part of the duties which shall have been paid in advance as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or pefr the duties ons keing ^icensed as before mentioned, shall neglect to pay the

re^ularlv^or ^ut'es imposed by this actor any part thereof, in advance,

'b 'in the manner and at the time or times directed by this actor

if any person or persons shall eredi, work, or make use of, any other still or stills, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, than what shall be specified in his, her, or their licence, whether of the same, or of any different description, capacity, or content, than shall have been so specified, every such person or persons shall be subjected and liable to the pains, penalties, and forfeitures, which are herein before inflicted for the offence of eredoing or using an unlicensed still or stills, and shall be rendered incapable of receiving any licence for carrying on any distillery ih future.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any redtifier or compounder of spirits, or r y chemist, druggist, or perfumer, or any

dfftftur^who person whatever, other than a licensed distiller, shall have in his, frail distill, her, or their possession any wort, wash, tilts, or other fermented

etc. liquor, capable of being distilled into low wines Or spirits, or shall distill or extradvany low wines or spirits from wort, wah, tilts, corn, melasses, sugar, cyder, refused wines, or other liquor, every such person or persons so being in possession of any such materials, prepared for the purpose of being distilled into low wines or spirits, shall forfeit and lose the sum of five pounds for every gallon of such wort, waffi, tilts, or other fermented liquors, together with all the wort, wah, tilts, or other liquors in his, her, or their custody or possession; and every such person or ersons, so unlawfully diddling or extracting as aforesaid, shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of five pounds for every gallon of the capacity or content of his, her, or their still or stills; and such still or stills, together with the implements and utensils thereunto belonging, shall be seized and forfeited, and shall, on the condemnation thereof, be destroyed in the manner herein before directed in other cases of the forfeiture of any still or stills; and such person or persons shall moreover forfeit and

lose

Penalty on persons not being licensed

i?86.] Aristo vicesimo sexto geobgh III C 64. 687

Jose all the worts, wall, tilts, and spirits in his, her or their custody.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons No cheroift, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall, during the to uueti* <6ntinuarice of this act, be Capable of carrying on the trade or^0 business of a cfieraift, druggist, or perfumer, who shall use any fiill or stills, or any other trade or business requiring the use of any (till or stills, without first taking out art annual licence for that purpose from the person or persons to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, and which licences the said person or persons shall and are hereby required to grant accordingly, upon the payment of such fees for the same as are herein after directed to be paid for such licences, but free from the payment of every duty of excise; and every such licence so granted shall specify the christian name or names and the surname or surnames trade and business, of the person or persons thereby licensed, and the place where such trade or business is intended to be carried on and the number of their respective stills and the capacities or contents thereof respectively; and no chemist druggist, or jj?* to' have perfumer, shall use or have in his, her, or their possession any greater capa still or stills of any greater capacity or content than that of fifty cjty than 50 galions, English wine measure, upon pain of forfeiting the sum galions, on of five poqnds sterling for every gallon which the content of Pena, ty such still or stills shall exceed the quantity of fifty gallons as [on above that aforesaid and every such licence shall be produced, and a copy quantity, thereof delivered, by qr on behalf of the person or persons taking out the same, unto the excise officer of the division, district, place, or bounds, before the same shall be available in law; and such officer shall, on the requisition of the party or parties, ae* knowledge, in writing to be endorsed on such licence, the production thereof, and the receipt of such copy and every such licence shall remain and continue in force from the date thereof for and during the space or term of twelve calendar months next qnsuing, and may be renewed for a further term of twelve calendar months within the space of ten days before the expiration thereof; and if any chemist, druggist, perfumer or Other person Cheriiifts, etc.' or persons, shall use any still or stills, for any purpose whatever, ^|f0u[iis without first taking out a licence for the same, and producing jjceilce, etc such licence, and delivering such copy thereof to the officer of forfeit icob excise as aforesaid, or shall make use of any other still or stills than such as shall be specified in such licence or shall make use of any such licensed still or stills at any place other than the place which shall be specified in the said licence or in any house or place other than his her, or their usual dwelling or known place of carrying on his, her or their trade and business, every such person or persons shall respectively forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds sterling for every such offence, to be levied and paid without mitigation.

xxil And be it further enacted, That, for and upon the fees tote paid content or capacity of every still of one hundred and twenty gal j?n tak, RS olit ions or upwards, for which any licence shall be granted under 1ci)ce8#

2 2 and

50 galions, may be granted, to carry on chemical experiments, etc.

688 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. 64

[1786.

and by virtue of this a, there shall be paid, by the person taking out such licence, a see after the rate of one peony sterling per galion, and for every other licence to be granted by virtue of this act, a licence fee of five Shillings sterling, which fees shall be received by and belong to such officer or other perfoft who Sham be appointed as aforesaid; in consideration thereof, the persons who shall be intitled to the benefit of the said fees shall keep a register of all the licences which shall be granted by virtue of this act, and shall, twice in every year, or oftener if required by the said commissioners, deliver a duplicate thereof into the general excise office in Edinburgh, for the safe custody thereof.

XXIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted.

Licences for That if it shall be made appear to the said co mini (Turners of ex capacitythlr c1^e' t*lat any processes or experiments in chemistry, iri

that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall require a (fill otis ills of greater content or capacity than that or fifty gallons English wine measure, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful U and for the said of to authorise and direct a licence or licences to be granted to the owner or owners of such chemical work or works, to use, for the purposes aforesaid, a (fill or if ills of any larger content or capacity than as aforesaid 5 which licence or licences shall be in force fof the space of one year and no longer, and for each of which licences a see of five Shillings, and no more, shall be paid to the person or officer to be appointed as aforesaid, and which said chemical works, if specified in any such licence to be lecrer works, shall not be liable to visitation by any officer or officers of excise, excepting only under the conditions and limitations, according to which the chemical works, which are or shall be carried oaby Archibaldearl of Dundonald., his executors, administrators, or assigns may or can be lawfully visited and examined.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if, ^jg on any such visitation or examination, it shall befoxmd that any'

forfeited etc suchfiill orftilte of such larger content or capacity have been used in the distilling of spirits, low wines, or wadi, wort, or tilts, prepared from any of the materials aforesaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said licence, such (till or tills, and all the utensils thereto belonging, shall be seized, lost, forfeited, and destroyed, as aforesaid, and the owners thereof shall be liable to the several pains and penalties imposed by this aeft upon unlicensed distillers.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons, occupying any house or tenement in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall permit any unlicensed still orffills to be setup or used in such house or tenement by any person or persons, for the making or distilling of low wines or spirits, without giving notice thereof to the proper officer of excise, within the space of three days after he or they shall have knowledge of the fat, such occupier or occupiers shall incur and be subject and liable ta the same pains and penalties as are by law directed to

But if used for distilling spirits, to be

Persons permitting ftilis to be setup in unlicensed places, liable to the penalties of tiling wnlicensed (tills.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c/64.

to be imposed or inflicted on persons adtaally using any unlicensed still.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Officers may lawful for any officer or officers of excise in Scotland, to enter, examine during lawful hours, into the still house, or other place where

any still or (tills (whether the same be licensed or not Kcensed) found work shall be kept, worked, or used, or where any wort, wash, low ing contrary wines, or spirits, are prepared or distilled, and to examine the?: a

same; and in case any still or stills shall be there found in a state forfeited^capable of being worked, the same not having been duly licensed, or in case any wort, wash, low wines, or spirits, shall be there found contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ac, every such still or stills, and the liquor therein, with all the utensils and implements thereto belonging, or therewith used, and also such wort, wash, low wines, and spirits, shall be seized by any officer or officers of excise, and shall be lost and forfeited and the said still or stills shall be destroyed in the manner herein before directed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every officer of ex Officer ea

cife who shall, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, seize allon

and bring to condemnation any still by this act made liable to of thecogntents seizure and forfeiture, (except in the case of such still or stills of stills seized being seized on the discovery of any other person, in the manner on his own herein after specified), shall be entitled to a reward of two soil

lings and sixpence sterling for every gallon of the content or ca otto exceed pacity of such still, including the head thereof, to be paid out of a, i. for one his majesty's duties of excise in Scotland, upon an order from the still. said commissioners of excise, which order the said of are hereby authorised and required to grant: provided neverth$ less, That such reward shall not exceed the sum of twenty-one pounds sterling for any one still so seized as aforesaid: if any person (not being an officer of excise) shall make discovery of Persons, not any still liable to seizure and forfeiture as aforesaid, so as that the same shall be seized and condemned, such person or persons of^ftius liable shall be entitled to a reward of one shilling and sixpence sterling to seizure, for every gallon of the capacity or content of such still, to be and theoffi paid on the condemnation thereof: provided also, that such re ward shall not exceed the sum of ten pounds and ten Shillings rewards as sterling for any one still so forfeited as last aforesaid; the of herein spe ficers or officer of excise, by whom the same shall be seized, shall cifitd. also be entitled to a reward of one shilling sterling for every gallon of the content or capacity of such still, so that such last mentioned reward shall not, for any one still, exceed the sum of ten pounds and ten Shillings sterling; and that such fe.vera rewards shall be paid by the order of the said commissioners of excise as aforesaid; and if, by reason of the small size of any such still or stills, the said commissioners of excise shall think any of the rewards aforesaid insufficient, the said of shall, and they are hereby authorised to augment the same respectively, not exceeding the respective sums aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any officer of Officers not.

Z z 3 excise feizinsitiiis

j. 6d. per

gallon to be allowed inno

spirits to Jbe removed from the manufactory

6^0 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 64. [> 786,

in 14 hours excise (h; ajlf for the space of twenty-four hours after he shall

after iufpr have rccc; ve<j information of any still being unlawfully erected, mation.tobe r.,  J , 3

dismissed etc. vccvpf kept, or of any wort, warn, tilts, or low wines, prepar

ed and intended to he unlawfully fed in distillation, wilfully negjedt tp fei^e the same respectively, every such officer so offending shall, upon complaint made thereof, and proof of the facs, to the fati^faclipn of the commissioners of excise in Scotland, be dismissed from his or their office, and shall never afterwards be payable of serving his Majesty in any office or place of trust whatever, and shall moreover forfeit and lose all such salary as shall be due to him at the time of his dismission; in case the person or persons making such complaint shall be the same person or persons who gave the information as aforesaid, to the officer formers make or officers so dismissed, such person or persons shall be entitled ing complaint f0 a reward of one shilling and sixpence sterling, for every gal fehhig618 dot ppntept or capacity of the said still or stills, to be paid by the order of the said commissioners of excise out of the revenues of excise.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no spirits, made from any of the materials aforesaid, shall be removed or fern from the place of their manufacture, without being accompanied by a cer withoutcerti tificate, subscribed by the licensed distiller or maker thereof, dr from the his known and authorised agent, expressing that the same were quantity etc ac ty anc a specifyiflg the quantity of such spirits,

-# the number of casks or packages in which the same are

Contained,

d byslari^0v"*XXX And be it further enacted, That, from and after the carriage from fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, no Scotland into spirits, whether raw, rectified, or compounded, made from any England, to be of the materials aforesaid, in that part of Great Britain called forfeited, etc. ^ofland\ by any person or persons whatever, shall be removed or sent from that part of Great Britain called Scotland, into any other part of Great Britain, by land carriage; and if the same shall be so sent of removed, the said spirits, with the package and casks containing the same, shall be forfeited and lost, with the horses and carriages employed in conveying the same.

XXXI nd be it further enacted, That all spirits, whether m e^raw, rectified, or compounded, made from any of the materials England, to be aforesaid, which shall, from and after the fifth day of July ond forfeited if not thousand seven hundred and eighty six, be removed or conveyed accompanied by Water from any past of Scotland., to any other part of the uriit aceiu ej shall be accompanied by a certificate from the

maker, distiller, retftifier, or compounder thereof, or his known and authorised agent, specifying the number and the respective marks of the several packages, and the quantity of gallons contained in each of such packages', and the respective degrees of strength of the spirits in efcch package, together with the different species or kinds of the said spirits, and shall also be accompanied by a regular clearance from the proper customhouse in Scotland*and that all spirits which shall be removed or conveyed, or be attempted to be removed or conveyed from Scotland

a'l spirits removed by water into

i cert ficate, etc.

I7u6 ]Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 64. 91

into any other part of the united kingdom, without being accompanied by such certificate and clearance as aforesaid, shall, together with the packages containing the spirits, and the ship or vessel conveying the same, with her floret and tackle, be seized, lost, and forfeited.

XXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when Rectified fw any rectified or compounded spirits shall be sent from that part ^ve^ rnfit of Great Britain called Scotland by water into any other part of the*1 the united kingdom, the same shall, over and besides such certi excise. ficate and clearance as aforesaid, be accompanied with a permit

from the proper officer of excise, or, in default thereof, such spirits, with the packages containing the same, shall be lost and forfeited; provided always, That no such spirits, ship or vessel, as aforesaid, shall be liable to seizure for or on the account of any small difference or deficiency in the gauge of such spirits at the time of their arrival in port, or any other deficiency, wheh the same shall be proved to have been occasioned by accident an without fraud.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after Duties to be the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty a^j^n0f*c six, all spirits of a strength not exceeding that of one to ten over spirits from hydrometer proof, which shall be manufactured in Scotland, and Scotland into brought from thence into any other part of the united kingdom, England, shall, upon the arrival thereof, be charged with a duty of two

Shillings upon each galion, English wine measure; sum, together with the duties by this act directed to be paid in scot land upon licences, shall be held and deemed to be equivalent to the duties payable in England upon spirits of English manufacture, not exceeding the strength aforesaid; if the strength of any spirits manufactured in and arriving from Scotland as aforesaid, mall be of a greater strength than one to ten over hydrometer proof, and such excess shall not exceed three per centum over and above the said strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, as aforesaid, then and in such case the said spirits shall be charged with a further duty proportioned to their said surplus strength; and the said respective duties shall be paid to fhp pro per officer of excise at the port or place of entry inwards, upon at^the port of the landing of any such spirits, which said duty or dgties payable entry, and to upon importation shall be under the receipt and management of be applied as the commissioners of excise in England for the time being, and ?utles m be by them ordered, appropriated, paid, and applied, to and for wor/etc?1* the same uses and purposes as the rates and duties payable in

England upon wort, wall, and other liquor, used in the distillation of spirits there for home confmpption, are directed to be appropriated, paid, and applied; and that such spirits, whether raw, rectified, or compounded, after being so landed and warehoused, shall be considered as made or rectified in that part of the united kingdom where the said spirits have been so landed and warehoused, and shall be entitled to the same allowances as the flocks of distillers or rectifiers in that part of the united kingdom are intitkd to '

'" Z XXXIV And

692 j^nno vicesimo jfcxto Georgii III. c. 64* [ 17 86,

Spirits of a xxxtv* And be it further enacted, That if any spirits ^onfthan manufasured in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, of a in the 100 ^rength exceeding that of one to ten over hydrometer proofs above 1 to 10 fllajl be Shipped on board any vessel in order to their being fetit over hydro or conveyed from that part of the united kingdom to any other ^b^fors^t Part the united kingdom, and such excess shall amount to ed etc?r CL*more than three pounds per centum above the said strength of* one to ten over hydrometer proof, such spirits, with the casks

and packages containing the same, shall be seized, lost, and forfeited.

sp?r|ts

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all

1786, ncrtlia*spirits which shall have been made in that part of Great Britain'ble to duty on called Scotland, amd bona fide put on board any ship or vessel oh landing in or before the fifth day or July, one thousand seven hundred and England. eighty six, and shall be accompanied by a proper permit, shaft and may be landed in any other part of the united kingdom without being subject to the payment of any equalising duty, in the like manner as the same could or might have been landed irv case this act had not been made.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners of excise in Scotland shall, within pullicates of the space of one month after the time of granting any permit for ed^srotlaftd le ^moval, any Briiiji) brandy, rectified British spirits or com for removal pounds, from any port or place in Scotland, to any port or place of spirits to in England', transmit the counterpart of such permit, or cause the England, to be same to be transmitted, to the commissioners of excise in eng the^if^etc0^order that they may, and they are hereby directed and, required to cause same proper officer or officers to examine and

cheque therewith the permit by which such British) brandy, and rectified British spirits and compounds, respectively, shall have been removed as aforesaid; and in order that a further cheque may be had upon the removal of such spirits, a duplicate of such clearance shall be forthwith transmitted to the proper officer or officers of the customs at the port in England where such spirits. are intended to be landed, who are hereby authorised and required to compare the same with the spirits on their arrival, maker to

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every maker of

annuahi 311 ft^s in Scotland shall, from and after the fifth day of July, one cence* stamp thousand seven hundred and eighty six, take out an annual LI his (tills, and cence from the officer so to be authorised as aforesaid to grant Fefce to the same, and renew such licence from year to year, and shall thattheymay Pa? a ^ee ^ve (hdl*ngs for each of such licences, and no more; be gauged.*and every such maker or makers shall (lamp his or their name or names, and the progressive number, and the content or capacity of every (fill made by him, her, or them, upon the / shoulder thereof; and in order that the contents of the said (till

hr stills may be distinctly ascertained, the said maker or makers shall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required, within three days after finishing any ft ill, to give notice to the excise officer of the district where such (till hath been so made, that the same is ready to be gauged and stamped $ and such officer is; ' - hereby

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto geokxsiiiii. 0.64, 93

hereby required, within three days after such notification, tq gauge fucfi still, and to grant a certificate, specifying the number, content, and maker's name or names of such (till; and in Penaltyonnot case arty such maker or makers shall fail to give such notice giving notice, to the said officer as aforesaid, such maker or makers shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten Shillings for each gallon of the content or capacity of every such still so made by him, her, or them.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person Persons ina pr persons shall import or bring any still or (tills into Scotland, porting still from that part of Great Britain called England, or from foreign withoutgiv" parts, such person or persons shall, within three days after the fog notice to arrival of such (till or stills, give notice of the number, size, and the officer, content of the same, and of the place where the same is depo forfeit job sited, to the officer of the division, district, place, or bounds;

and such officer shall, within twenty-two hours after the receipt of such notice, gauge and damp, or cause to be gauged and damped, the said still or stills, in the same manner as is hereinbefore directed in the case of a (till or stills being made in scot land; and if the person or persons who shall so import or bring, any still or stills into Scotland, shall neglect or omit to give such notice thereof as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds sterling for every still so imported or Stills not to brought; and in case any such still or stills shall be erected with b^5r^e<inti^ out being previously gauged and marked by the proper officer f^fekureof of excise, every such still or stills shall be forfeited and lost, and the stills, etc. the owner and owners thereof shall also forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds sterling, over and besides all other penalties and forfeitures to be incurred for the unlawful using the same.

XXXIX. Provided always, That nothing in this act can, Redifiers, C gained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, alter, fuhjets: as

or change any act or acts now in force for the surveying and furves&ct0 keeping a regular account of the flocks of redifiers, and com u* pounders, of spirits and dealers, but that the said redifiers, compounders, and dealers, shall remain subjected to the surveys of the officers of excise, and to all other regulations made and provided by any law now in force, in the same manner as if this act had not been made; saving and excepting, that redifiers land compounders, as well as makers or distillers, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, may send spirits to any pare or place in that part of the united kingdom of whatever strength he, she, or they may think proper.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the several duties on Duties to be licences, by this act granted, shall be under the receipt, collec underthema tien, and management of the of and officers of his "he majesty's revenue of excise in Scotland for the time being, and sioners of recall be appropriated td such and the farpe uses and purposes as venueinscot the duties by this act suspended or discontinued would have land etc. been subject and liable to, if this act had not been made

XLI. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained This act not shall discharge or acquit any distiller, or other person, from any to discharge 4<"'*';penalty pnaltl8 alm

6g4- Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 64. [1786.

wady incur penalty or forfeiture already incurred under any former act or t^repeal the as fr granting any duties upon wort, wash, or other liquor. Jaws respect or rom payment of any arrears of such duties accrued, due ing exporta prior to the commencement of this act; nor shall anything in tien to foreign this act contained extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal parts, etc or alter any law or laws now in force with respect to the making of British spirits for exportation to foreign parts; or to repeal or alter any part of an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for repealing so much of an act, made in the last session of parliament, as relates to the distillation of corn spirits in small stills*certain counties or dftrifts in the highlands in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for authorising the commissioners of excise in Scotland to grant licences, to persons living in the said counties or difirifts, to distill spirits from barley, bear, or tigy the growth of the said counties; and for imposing a duty on such licences; nor to prejudice the right and privilege granted to Archibald earl of Dundonaldy his executors, administrators, or assigns, by an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for vesting in Archibald earl of dun donald, his executors, administrators, and assigns y the sole use and property of a method of extra sting or making tary pitchy essential oilst volatile alkali mineral acids falls and cinders, from pit coal, throughout his Majesty's dominions for a limited time.

Karl of Duo

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That not donaldtogive withstanding anything in the said last mentioned act contained, accent of said earl, his executors, administrators, or assigns, shall be,

toftillsetc. an or they is and are hereby required to deliver to the officer or officers of excise of the division, district, place, or bounds, within which any of his or their said works or stills are or shall be erected*account in writing, specifying the number of his or their said stills, with a description of the same, and the purposes for which such stills were reflectively erected; reserving to any of his majesty's officers of excise, under the conditions and limitations herein after specified, at all lawful hours, to visit such work or works, and such (till or stills, and to examine by all proper means the liquor or matter coming from the said till or stills, but not to open the said (till or stills, unless the said officer or officers shall not otherwise be allowed to examine the liquor or matter coming from the said still or stills.

Officernot to

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it inspect his shall not be in the power of any officer of excise to visitor in etc without Pe workhuse r workhouses, or the said still or stills,

order from or house or houses, or places thereto belonging, unless the said the commis officer or officers shall have previously obtained an order from sioners of ex the commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, in that matlotof0^ Part Great Britain called Scotland, or shall proceed upon a their being signed information in writing, and upon oath made, and re illegally duced also into writing, before any one or more of the said

worked. commissioners of excise, or before any one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, certifying that the said works or stills in the said act described, in place of being bona fide used for

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 64i 695

for the purposes therein mentioned, are or have been used inextracting low wines or spirits from wort, wash, or other materials whatsoever; in which case such written information, and oath and warrant proceeding thereupon, shall be lodged, if required, with the manager of the said works so visited, upon the said manager's granting a receipt for the same; and if the said If found tobc still or (fills shall be at such visitation, or have been previously to be used after being erected in the said works, for the purpose of forfeited, etc. distilling wall, worts, low wines, or spirits, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said act, such still or stills, and utensils belonging thereto, shall be seized and forfeited as unlicensed stills, and the owners and users thereof subjected to the pains and penalties in that behalf made and provided by this act.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per Persons ob fens shall obstruct, refill, oppose, molest, or hinder any officer stru<^in3 or officers of excise in the due execution of any of the powers dutvforfdt or authorities given or granted to such officer or officers by this aoou ad, every person or persons so offending shall forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum of two hundred pounds sterling.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, etc. powers and authorities, directions, rules, methods, penalties, f 1 % car and forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, which in and byxfondedcto" an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles this act. the Second, intituled An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenants in Capite, and by knights service, and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise, or inland duties under the management of the commissioners of excise, are provided, settled, or established, for securing, enforcing, managing, raising, levying, collecting, paying, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the duties or penalties thereby granted and infiided, and for the preventing, deteding, and punching frauds relating thereto (other than lhi such cases for which other penalties, provisions, and regulations are prescribed by this act), shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, adjudging, ascertafriing, recovering and paying, the several duties hereby gfanted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, directions, ihethods, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enacted in this present act.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all the penalties and Howpenaltie* forfeitures imposed by this act, shall be sued for, recovered, and are to be levied by such ways, means, and methods, as any penalty or aa

forfeiture is or may be sued for, recovered or levied by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in his Majesty's courts of exchequer in England or Scotland respectively; and that one moiety of every such penalty or forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors and 1':, '+-: 'the

Limitation of actions.

General issue

Treble costs

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 65. [1786.

the there moiety to him, her, or them, who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

ixlvii, And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons, for anything by him, her, or them done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within six months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county; and the defendant or defendants, in such action or suit, may plead the general issue, and give this at, and the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdit shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or if judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants (halt have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LXV.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

688, 7501. to be raised by a lottery. All persons who have made depor sits, pursuant to the resolution of the house of commons, of June a, 1786, are required to pay the remainder of their fqbscriptions at certain times specified. Deposit il. 8s.; ao July al.; 13 Aug. il. 8s.; 20 O stal. 15 s.; a 1 Nov. al.; 18 Dec. al.; and 17 Jan. 1787, a I. 4s." 6d. Cashier to give security, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the treasury; and to pay all moneys received into the exchequer. of of the treasury empowered to apply the money paid in by the cashier to the services voted this session; 500, 0001. the amount of the prices, to be paid otft of any supplies granted this session. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books. Ticket.

LOTTERY for 1786.

The bearef of this ticket will be entitled to such beneficial chance a fshall belong thereto, in the lottery to be drawn by virtue and under the directions of an act passed in the twenty sixth year of his present Majesty's reign.

Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver then? to the cashiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the same. Cashier* to return the books, with the undisposed tickets, with an account of moneys received and paid in Undisposed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or (ilk; and cut off indentwise into a bore marked with the letter (A), and put into another box to be locked up, and sealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 50, 000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of fortunate tickets are, a of ao, ooool. each; 3 of io, ooool. each; 5 of 5000l. eaph; 10 of a, ooool. each; 15 of ijooool.each; 30of jool. each; 100of 100l. each; 150of50l.each; 16, 175 of 20l. each: and also i, oopl. to the first drawn ticket of the first day; X oooo!. to ditto the 4th day; i, ooool. to ditto the 7th day; i, ooool. to ditto the 10th day; i, ooool. to ditto the 13th day; i, ooool. to the first drawn ticket the 16th day; i, ooool. to the last drawn. Tickets in the buterntoft column of the last mentioned books to be rolled up and tied.


1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 66, 67.

and cut off into a box marked with the letter (B), C Public notice to be given of putting thie tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on Feb. 12, 1787. Method to be observed in drawing, C Number of the fortunate tickets, and the sums, to be printed. Difpttfes to be adjusted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets, C felony, death. Offenders (not in prison) discovering person3 guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50l. reward. Proviso, to cause corruption of blood, loss of dower, or di&erifon of heirs. Managers to be sworn. The oath:

I A.B. as a manager and director of the lottery to be drawn in pursuance of an act of parliament, made in the twenty sixth year of his majesty's reign, do swear, That I will faithfully execute the trust reposed in me; and that I will not use any indirect art or means, or permit or direct any person to use any indirect art or means, to obtain a prize or fortunate lot therein, for myself, or any other person whatsoever; and that I will do the utmost of my endeavours to prevent any undue or sinister practice to be done by any person whatsoever; and that I will, to the best of my judgement, declare to whom any prize, Jot, or ticket of right does belong, according to the true intent and meaning of the said act.

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Cashier may receive the furas subscribed before receiving the lottery book; giving a note for the same; which shall entitle the bearer to ticket for every 13l. 15s. and 6d. paid. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their deposits, and the tickets to be returned to the managers, C Commissioners of the treasury may reward the managers, cas they shall think fit. The 500, 000l. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any supplies granted this session; shall be paid to the proprierors, without any deduction, on June 1, 1787, etc. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, C and signed by the managers. Commissioners of the treasury empowered to defray the incidental expenses attending the execution of this act. No see to be taken for receiving or paying contribution moneys, or for any receipts, con penalty of aol.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for appointing of further to inquire into the fees, gratuities, perquisites, and emoluments, which are, or have been lately, received in the several public offices therein mentioned; to examine into any abuses which may exist in the same; and to report Aioh b fervations as shall occur to them, for the better conducing and managing the business transacted in the said offices.  This at the same as last year.

a5 Geo. 3. c. 19, continued in force^till the end of the next session of parliament.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for appointing and enabling of further to examine, take, and state the public accounts of the kingdom.

William Roe, esq; appointed a commissioner/and the act of 25 Geo. 3.

C 68. and the former acta continued till one year after July aa, 1786.

e a p.

[Preamble.]

Geo. 3. c. 80.

Commissioners.i

of to be sworn.

The oath.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 68. [-1786.

Cap. LXVIII

act for appointing of further to inquire into the loffei and services of all such persons who have suffered in their rights,properties, and profefftohs, during the late Unhappy dissensions its America, in confluence of their loyalty io his Majesty, and attachment to the British government.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the tibenty third year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An act for appointing of to inquire into the Losses and services of all such persons who hare suffered in their rights properties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissensions irt America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government), and also by an act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, Certain persons were conjlituied of for inquiring into the respective lojfes and services of all such person and persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty+ and attachment to the British government: and whereas the purposes intended by the said acts are not yet completed, and it is therefore nicessary that the said acts Should be further continued; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That John Wilmot esquire, colonel Robert Kingston, colonel Thomas Dundas, John Marsh esquire, Jeremy Pemberton esquire, and Robert Mackenzie esquire, shall be, and they are hereby constituted of for the ptfrposes in the said recited acts mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That any two of in this act named, before they enter upon the execution of the same, shall take an oath before the master of the rolls for the time being, or one of his majesty's justices of the court of king's bench, common pleas, or barons of the exchequer,

(which they or either of them are hereby authorised and required to administer) in the form following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, That, according to the best of my skill and knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly execute the several powers and trusts vested in me by an act, (entitled, An act for appointing of further to inquire into the Losses and services of all such persons who have suffered in their rights, properties and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in consequence of, their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government) according to the tenor and purport of the said act.

And every other of the said of, in this act named shall likewise take the same oath before the said two commis

o doners*

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 68. 699

(ldhfers, who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same, after they shall themselves have taken the said oath as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be commissiob lawful to and for the said of, or any two or more era may exa* of them, and they are hereby authorised, empowered, and re mine parties quired, to examine upon oath (which oath they, or any two or on oa more of them, are hereby authorised to adtriinifter), all persons

whom the said of, or any two or more of them,

shall think fit to examine, touching all such matters and things as shall be necessary for the execution of the powers vested in the said of by this act; and all such persons are hereby directed and required punctually to attend the said of at such time or place as they, or any two or more of them, shall appoint.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commission said of, or any two or more of them, are hereby erst meet, authorised to meet and sit, from time to time, at their present persons place of meeting, or at such other place as they, or any two or or papers, more of them, shall think proper, with or without adjournment, and to send their precept or precepts, under their hands

and seals, for any person or persons whatsoever, and for such books, papers, writings, or records, as they shall judge necessary for their information in the execution of the powers vested in the said of by this act; the said commis to appoint sioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorised to clerks, Sec, appoint and employ such clerks messengers, and officers as they shall think meet, and to give to every of the said clerks and officers an oath for his true and faithful demeanour, in all things relating to the due performance of the trust reposed in him by the said of, and in all other things touching the premises; which clerks and officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the trust in them severally and respectively reposed, without taking anything for such their service, other than such salary or rewards as the said of, or any two or more of them, shall think fit to direct and appoint in that behalf.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if ij Persons deli shall have appeared to the of appointed by the said vering infrau recited acts, or shall hereafter appear to the of ap f^beexcluded pointed by this at, that any person hath delivered, or shall from any hereafter deliver to them, an account or claim beyond the real compenfa loss sustained by him or her, with an intent to obtain more than tien.

a just compensation; and if the said of, or any two or more of them, shall have been or shall hereafter be of opinion that such account or claim w, as or is fraudulent, then such person so having claimed, or who shall hereafter so claim,

shall be absolutely excluded from any compensation or provision whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons giving That in case any person or persons, upon examination upon false evidence

1^V to be liable to

Jod Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 68v \ifi&

the penalties bath before the said of, or any two or more of them of perjury. respectively, as before mentioned, shall wilfully and corruptly give false evidence, every such person so offending, afnd being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is and arfc hereby declared to be subject and liable to such pains and penalties as by any law now in being persons Convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

VII. And whereas by the said act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, it was enacted, that colonel Thomas Dundas and Jeremy Pemberton esquire, Should and they were thereby directed and required to repair to Nova Scotia, or any other of his Majestfs colonies in America, to inquire into such claims: and whereas the said colonel Thomas Dundas and Jeremy Pemberton esquire, did, in pursuance of the directions, and for the purposes mentioned in the said act, repair to Nova Scotia, and it is therefore proper that the powers and authorities vested in them by the Commission said act, jj)ould be continued be it therefore enacted, That the said ers in theco colonel Thomas Dundas, and Jeremy Pemberton tiquire, shall, and timlhey are ^erehy directed and required in Nova Scotia, or any choir into other of his majesty's colonies in America, to continue to en

claims; choir into such claims, with the same powers and authorities

for inquiring into such claims as the of appointed, by the said recited acts and this present act, for inquiring into the losses and services of all such persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government, are in and in case of vested with; and in case the said of shall differ in difference of opinion with respect to any claim, then, in such case, it shall euire the ^aw^ fr of to call to their assistance

a^starfee of governor of any colony to which they may judge it necef the governor, fary to repair; and the said governor agreeing in opinion with who, in case either of the said of, shall decide the matter or ques of tlon n Pute 5 anc m ca^e death f either of them the

fionetts^to" Thomas Dundas or Jeremy Pemberton, that then the gover fupoly his nor of the colony, where such inquiry shall from time to time place. be carried on, shall be added to and joined with the survivor of

them the said Thomas Dundas and Jeremy Pemberton, and shall be inverted with the same powers and authorities as the person so dying is hereby inverted with.

Commission

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said of, or ersmayap any two of them, are hereby empowered, if they shall think point persons pr0pcr, to appoint, under their hands and seals, a proper per amerlcato on or persons to repair to any part of the united states of inquire into America, to inquire into such facts and circumstances as they facts. may think material for the better ascertaining the several

claims which have been presented under the authority of the said acts.

IX. And whereas an act was passed in the fifteenth year of his present Majesty^ (entitled, An act to prohibit all trade and intercourse with the colonies of New Hampshire, mqffachufevs

Bay,

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 68. 701

Bay, Rhode island, Connecticut, New York Newjersey, penfyu vania, the three lower counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the continuance of the present rebellion within the said colonies respectively; repealing an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue the landing and discharging, lading or shipping, of goods, wares, and merchandise, at the town and within the harbour of Boston, in the prov'mce of mafiachufet's Bay; and also two acts, made in the last session of parliament, for restraining the trade and commerce of the colonies in the said acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any person or persons, appointed and authorised by his Majesty to grant pardons, to issue proclamations, in the cases, and for the purposes therein mentioned); whereby it was enacted, That all trade and commerce flould be prohibited with the colonies therein mentioned, and that all ships and vessels of or belonging to the inhabitants of the aid colonies, together with their cargoes, apparei, and furniture, and all other ships and vessels whatsoever, together with their cargoes, appare/ and furniture, which flould be found trading in any port or place of the said colonies, or going to trade, or coming from trading in any such port or place, flould become forfeited to his Majesty, as if the same were the ships and effects of open enemies, and flould be so adjudged and taken in all courts of admiralty, and in all other courts whatsoever: whereas vessels, effects, goods, or merchandise, belonging to inhabitants of the said colonies, who were loyal subjects to his Majesty, may have become forfeited, and may have been adjudged and condemned as lawful prize under the said commission ad; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and er to inquire may be lawful to and for the of appointed by this into Losses ad, to inquire into Losses sustained in consequence of the said sustained in ad, by any such inhabitants, who shall give sufficient proof, to t^nce the satisfaction of the said of, of their loyalty to his Qea^ Majesty, and attachment to the British government. C 5.

X. And be it further enacted, That, the said of commission shall, from time to time, at their discretion, or as often as they ers to give an

shall be thereunto required, and as soon as possible after the desc?unt termination of their examinations and proceedings, by virtue jng3 j^the* of this act, without any further requisition, give an account of treasury and their proceedings, in writing, to the lords of of his secretaries of majesty's treasury, and to his majesty's principal secretaries of ate

(late for the time being.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the lords commissio treasury to

ners of the treasury or lord high treasurer for the time being, pay a, oooo). are hereby authorised and required to issue and cause to be paid missioner* all such (urns of money, not exceeding two thousand pounds, to 9

such person or persons as the said of, or any two or

more of them, shall, by writing under their hands, desire or direct, out of any part of the public moneys remaining in his majesty's exchequer; which sum so issued and paid, shall be for paying employed for the payment of clerks, messengers, and other of derks, C fkers, and in defraying all other necessary charges in or about Vox, XXXV A a a the

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 69. [1786.

th execution of the powers of this act, and in such manner and in such proportions, as shall be appointed by the said of, or any two or more of them, by writing under their hands and Teals in that behalf, the same to be accounted for by the person or persons to whom the same shall be issued and paid, according to the course of his majesty's exchequer, without any fee or other charges to be taken or demanded for the issuing and payment of the same, or on the passing of the said accounts, other than such sum as the said of, or any two or more of them, shall appoint; and which money so issued shall not be subject to any tax, duty, rate or assessment whatsoever, imposed by authority of parliament.

Commission

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any of the cdvthaltpav^of being on half pay, as an officer of the navy on taking the or army shall be entitled to receive such half pay, not with followinfc Handing any compensation that may be made to him for executing the powers of this act, on his taking the following oath before some justice of the peace, who is hereby empowered to administer the same:

IA. B do swear, That I had not, between

any place or employment of profit, civil or military, 'under his Majesty, besides such compensation as shall have been or may be made to me as a commissioner for inquiring into the Losses and services of all such persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissentions in America, in consequence of their loyally to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government.

In case of the death, cof a commissioner during the recess of parliament, his Majesty may appoint another.

Continuance Of this act.

And the taking the said oath shall be sufficient to entitle such person to receive his half pay, without taking any other oath $ any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case of a vacancy or vacancies, by death or resignation, of any one or more of the said of, during the recess of parliament, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to nominate and appoint such person or persons as he may think proper to supply such vacancy or vacancies; and that every person, so nominated and appointed, shall be held and considered to be inverted with all the same powers as are delegated to the of appointed by this act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue in force for one year, from the fifteenth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and no longer,

CAP. LXIX.

An act for defraying the charge of the militia in that part of Great Britain c<vlled England for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six,

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 70, 71. 703.

CAP. LXX.

An a to rectify a mistake in an act made in this present session of parliament, entitled, "An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament."

The mistake was one million five hundred pounds, instead of one million five hundred thousand pounds, which the clerk of the parliaments ftas empowered to rectify.

CAP. LXXI.

An act for regulating boufesy and other places kept for the purpose of slaughtering horses.

WHEREAS the practice of Jlealing horsey cowsy and other Preamble, cattle, hath of late years increased to an alarming degree; and hath been greatly facilitated by certain per sins of low condition, who keep houses or places for the purpose of slaughtering horses and other cattle; for remedy whereof be it enacted by the king's rood excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, From July 20, from and after the twentieth day of July, in the year of our 1786, every Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, no person or person keep persons shall keep or use any house or place, for the purpose of Jefing house, slaughtering or killing any horse, mare, gelding, colt, silly, to take out afs, mule, bull, ox cow, heifer, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or licence, C other cattle, which shall not be killed for butcher's meat without first taking out a licence for that purpose, at the general quarter sessions held for the county, riding, city, town, district, division, or liberty, wherein such slaughtering house or place shall be situatej and the justices of the peace, at their general quarter sessions assembled, are hereby authorised and empowered to grant such licences as aforesaid, upon a certificate, under the hands and seals of the minister and churchwardens, or overseers, or of the minister and two or more substantial householders of the parish wherein the person or persons applying for such licence shall dwell, that such person or persons is or are fit and proper to be trusted with the management and carrying on such business as aforesaid: provided always, That, in case of the death of any person to whom such licence as aforesaid shall be granted, it shall and may be lawful for the widow, or personal representative of such person so dying, to carry on the said business until the then next ensuing general quarter sessions of the peace.

II. And be it further enacted, That every such licence shall Justices to be signed by the justices of the peace assembled at such general rant h'cen quarter sessions, or by the major part of them; and a copy of are'tobe^ every such licence shall be entered in a book to be kept for that entered C purpose by the clerk of the peace of the county wherein the

A a a 2 same

J!Q4

the words herein men iioned.

Previous notice to be sent, when horses, etc. are intended to be fiaugh tered, to the inspector, who is to take an

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 71. [1786.

same shall be so granted as aforesaid 5 and that all and every person and persons shall have liberty, at all times (Sundays excepted, between the hours of ten and twelve of the clock in the forenoon, to search the office of such clerk of the peace wherein any such copy shall be entered or kept, and to make an extract or extracts from the same, paying for every such Persons LI search the sum of sixpence; all and every person and pe; r censed to affix fons so licensed as aforesaid shall cause to be painted or affixed, over oor or Sat ie huse or place where he, (he, of they (h^l carry on the said business, in large legible characters, his, her, and their name and names, with the words Licensed for faugktering horses, pursuant to an act passed in the twenty sixth year of his majesty King George the Third.

III. And be it further enacted, That every occupier and occupiers of every such licensed slaughtering house or place shall, six hours previous to the slaughtering or killing of any horse, mare, gelding, colt, silly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, (beep, hog, goat, or other cattle, which shall not be killed for the purpose of butcher's meat, and previous to the staying any such horse*gelding, colt, silly, afs, mule, bull, ox, account of cow? cak> '<heep, hog, goat, or other cattle, brought

the beasta. dead to such slaughtering house or other place, give notice in writing to a person to be appointed in manner herein after mentioned, as inspector, to the intent that such inspector may, upon such notice as aforesaid, and before any such horse, mare, gelding, colt, silly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, shall be slaughtered, kilied, or stayed, take an exact account and description of the height, age, (as, near as may be) colour, and particular marks of every horse, mare, gelding, foal or silly, afs or mule, brought alive for the purpose of being slaughtered or kilied, or brought dead as aforesaid, and of the colour and particular marks of every cow, bull, heifer, ox, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, brought alivfc or dead for either of the purposes aforesaid; and no such horse, mare, gelding, foal, or silly, afs, mule, ox, bull, cow, or heifer, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, shall be slaughtered, kilied, or stayed, but between the hours of eight of the clock in the morning and four of the clock in the evening, during the months of October, November, December, January, February, and March; and between the hours of six of the clock in the morning and eight of the clock in the evening, during the months of April, May, June, July, August, and September, in every year. Account to

IV. And be it further enacted, That every person so licensed be kept, by as aforesaid dial], at the time any horse, mare, or gelding, colt, the owners of afs> or mue or any oxj bull, cow, heifer, calf, sheep,

houses^of she goat, or any other cattle, shall be brought for the purpose

owners of of slaughtering, killing, or staying, make, or cause to be made,

the cattle an entry in a book, to be kept for that purpose, in a fair legible

Drought, etc. hand, of the name and names, place and places of abode, profession and professions of the owner or owners thereof, and also of the person and persons who shall bring the same to be

"slaughtered, "

Times of slaughtering, etc. H

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 71v 765

slaughtered, kilied, or stayed, and the reason or reasons Why the same is brought to be slaughtered, kilied, or stayed, which reason and reasons, the person or persons bringing the same is and are hereby required to declare to such person or persons so licensed as aforesaid; book shall at all times be open for the perusal and examination of the inspector and inspectors to be appointed under this act; and all and every such licensed person and persons shall at all times attend with, and produce such book before any one justice of the peace for the county, city, liberty, or place where such licensed slaughtering house or place shall be situate, when required by warrant or order under the hand and seal of such justice of the peace so to do, and shall likewise produce the same at every general quartev sessions of the peace which shall be held in and for the said county.

V. And be it further enacted, That such of the parishioners, Vestry to ap as by law are entitled to meet in vestry for the purpose of point inspec choosing parish officers, shall, in every parish wherein any such tors, slaughtering house or place shall be situated, annually, or oftener, as occasion may require, appoint one or more proper person or persons to be an inspector or inspectors to inspect every such slaughtering house and place as aforesaid, to whom all and every occupier and occupiers, person and persons, carrying on such business as aforesaid, shall, six flours previous to his, her, or their slaughtering, killing, or staying any such horse, mare, gelding, colt, silly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, give notice in writing of his, her, or their intention so to do; and such inspector or inspec inspector tors shall in person, or by his or their servant or servants, at duty, tend at the slaughtering house or place of the person or persons so giving such notice, and there take such account and description as herein before directed; every such inspector shall and is hereby required to keep a book or books, and therein to make an entry of every such account and description; and every such occupier or person carrying on such business as aforesaid shall, for every such entry, pay to such inspector sixpence; and all and every person and persons desiring to inspect such book or books shall have access to the same at all times, between the hours of eight of the dock in the morning and five in the evening, during the months of October, November, December, January, February, and March, and between the hours of six of the clock in the morning and eight in the evening, during the months of April, May, June, July, August, and September, in every year, paying to such inspector, for every such search, the sum of sixpence, and no more; and every such in'so appointed as aforesaid, shall eause.to be painted or affixed over the door of the house where he resides, his name, and the words, Inspector of houses and places for slaughtering horses; in case such inspector or inspectors shall, upon examination of any horse, mare, gelding, colt, silly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, (Keep, hog, goat, or othdr cattle,

yo Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 71; [1786.

intended to be slaughtered or kilied, have reason to believe, or be of opinion, that such horse, mare, gelding, colt, silly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, is or are free from disease, and in a sound and serviceable state, or that the same has been stolen, or unlawfully come by, he or they shall have power, and is and are hereby authorised and required to prohibit the slaughtering or killing of any such horse, mare, gelding, colt, silly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, for any time not exceeding the space of eight days; and in the mean time shall and is and are hereby directed and required to cause an advertisement or advertisements to be inserted in the Daily Advertiser, or some public newspaper circulated in the county where such daughter house or place shall be situated, twice or oftener, unless the owner or owners of such horse, mare, gelding, colt, silly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, shall sooner claim the same, to certify under his, her, or their hand or hands to, or otherwise satisfactorily inform the said inspector or inspectors, that he, she, or they sent or delivered, or caused the said horse, mare, gelding, colt, silly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other such cattle, to be delivered to the said person or persons so licensed for the purpose of being slaughtered or kilied, the expense of inserting such advertisement or advertisements, as aforesaid, to be paid by the occqpier or occupiers of such slaughtering house or place to such inspector or inspectors; and in case such occupier or occupiers of such slaughtering house or place shall refuse to defray or pay the same, and shall be thereof convicted on the oath of any such inspector as aforesaid before any one justice of the peace for the county or distri# wherein such slaughtering house or place shall be situated, he, she, or they, shall forfeit double the amount.of the charge of such advertisement or advertisements, to be raised by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such offender or offenders, by warrant under the hand and seal of any such

justice as aforesaid; and the form of such conviction shall be as follows:

Form of con a B. is convicted, on the oath of C D. inspector of houses and places for slaughtering horses, for the parish of E. in the foradvertise county ofd.of refusing to pay the sum of being the

ments of the expense of an advertisement or advertisements (as the case may be) inspectors. inserted in the Daily Advertiser, or some other public newspaper circulated in the county, (as the case may be), pursuant to the directions of the Statute in that case made and provided.

Given under my hand and seal this day of F. G.

inspectors

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be ilauehte^ine lawful to and for every inspector so appointed as aforesaid, at houses at ail times, in the day or night, but if in the night, then in the times. presence

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 71* 707

presence of a constable, to go to, enter into, and inspecst, any house or place kept for slaughtering or killing horses by any person or persons licensed as aforesaid; and also any stable, building, (head, yard, or place belonging thereto, and then and there to examine, search for, and see if any horse, mare, gelding, foal, silly, afs, or mule, bull, cow, ox, heifer, calf, Cheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, is or are deposited or have been brought there, and to take an account thereof; and all and every person and persons, so licensed as aforesaid, having, keeping, or using any such house or place for slaughtering horses,

shall, and is and are hereby directed and required to permit and suffer any such inspector as aforesaid, at all times in the day and night, but if in the night, then in the presence of a constable, to enter into and inspect such house or place, and also any stable, building, (head, yard, or premises belonging thereto, and freely to examine, search for, and see, any horse, mare, gelding, foal, silly, afs, or mule, bull, cow, ox, heifer, calf. Cheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, then and there being, and to take such account as herein before directed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or persons bring persons who shall offer to sale, or shall bring any horse, mare, in cattle re gelding, foal, silly, afs, mule, bull, cow, ox, heifer, calf, sheep, an^ount'jf hog, goat, or other cattle, to any person or persons keeping such themselves slaughtering house, or place as aforesaid, to be slaughtered or etc. may be; kilied, or being dead, to be stayed or skinned, shall not be able, carried before or shall refuse to give a satisfactory account of himself, herself, a justice or themselves, or of the means by which the same came into his, her, or their possession; or if there shall be any reason to suspetft that such horse, mare, gelding, foal, silly, afs, mule, bull, cow, ox, heifer, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, is or are stolen, or otherwise unlawfully obtained, it shall and may be lawful for the person or persons keeping such slaughtering house, or place as aforesaid, to whom the same shall be brought or offered to sale, and for his, her, or their servants, agents, or assistants, and also for the said inspector or inspectors, or his or their servant or servants as aforesaid, to seize and detain such person or persons; and also every such horse, mare, gelding, foal, silly, afs, mule, bull, cow, ox, heifer, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, so brought or offered to sale as aforesaid, and to deliver such person or persons, as soon as conveniently may be, into the custody' of a constable or other peace officer, who shall, and is hereby required immediately to convey such person or persons before a justice of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, liberty, or place, where the offence shall be committed; and if such justice shall, upon exami Justices may nation and inquiry, have cause to suspect: that such horse, mare, commit fuf gelding, foal, silly, afs, mule, bull, cow, ox, heifer, calf, sheep, per"

hog, goat, or other cattle, is or are stolen or unlawfully obtained, it shall and may be lawful for such justice to commit such person or persons into safe custody, for any time not exceeding the space of six days, in order to be further examined;

A a a 4 and

Persons Slaughtering horses, etc. without licence, etc. guilty of felony.

708 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 71. [1786.

and if upon either of the said examinations, such justice shall be satisfied, or have reason to believe, that such horse, mare, gelding, foal, silly, afs, mule, bull, cow, ox, heifer, calf, sheep, k hog, goat, or other cattle, is or are stolen, or illegally obtained, the said justice is hereby authorised and required to commit the person or persons, so bringing or offering the same to sale. the common gaol or house of correction of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, or place, wherein the offence shall be committed, there to be dealt with according to law.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons, keeping or using any such slaughtering house or place as aforesaid, shall at any time from and after the twentieth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, slaughter any horse, mare, or gelding, foal or silly, afs or mule, or any bull, cow, heifer, ox, calf, ftieep, hog, goat, or other cattle, for any other purpose than for butcher's meat, or shall stay any horse, mare, gelding, foal, silly, afs, mule, bull, cow, heifer, ox, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, brought dead to such slaughtering house or other place, without taking out such licence, or without giving such notice as aforesaid, or shall slaughter, kill, or stay the same, at any time or times other than and except within the hours herein before limited, or shall not delay slaughtering or killing the same, according to the direction of such inspector so authorised to prohibit the same as aforesaid, such person or persons so offending in either of the said cases, being thereof convicted, shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be guilty of felony, and shall be punished by fine and imprisonment, and such corporal punishment, by public or private whipping, or shall be transported beyond the seas for any time not exceeding seven years, as the court, before whom such offender or offenders Avail be tried and convicted, shall direct.

IX. And whereas diverse ill disposed persons, keeping such slaughtering houses and places as aforesaid, have in order to prevent inquiry and detection, made a practice of throwing the hides of horses and aether cattle into lime pitsy or othervrfe immersing in or rubbing the same with lime, or same other corrofwe matters be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons, keeping or using any such slaughtering house or place as

hides, etc. to aforesaid, shall, at any time from and after the twentieth day of cuilty erf mif ju % h one ^oufand seven hundred and eighty six, throw into demeanors, any lime pit or lime pits, or otherwise immerse in lime, or any preparation thereof, or rub therewith, or with any other corrosive matter, or destroy or bury the hide or hides, skin or skins, of any horse, mare, gelding, colt, silly, afs, mule, bull ox, cow, heifer, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, by him, her, or them slaughtered, kilied, or stayed, or shall be guilty of any offence against this acts, for which no punishment or penalty is expressly provided or declared, such person or persons, being convicted thereof, shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be guilty of a misdemeanour, and shall be punished by fine and imprisonment, and such corporal punishment, by

public

Persons destroying

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 71. 709

public or private whipping, as the court before whom such offender or offenders shall be tried and convicted, shall direct.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons, Persons maso licensed as aforesaid, shall make, or cause to be made, any jjabl^to false entry in any such book, by him, her, or them to be kept penalty, cas aforesaid, of any matter or matters, thing or things, so requir

ed by him, her, or them to be made in such book as aforesaid, he, she, or they, being convicted thereof, upon the oath of two credible witnesses, before any one justice of the peace for the county, riding, franchise, or district wherein such (laughtering house or place shall be situated (which said oath the said justice is hereby authorised and required to administer) shall, for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than ten pounds, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such offender or offenders, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice (the surplus arising from such distress and sale, after the deduction of the charges thereof, to be restored), one moiety thereof to be paid to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to be forthwith paid or transmitted, by the said justice, to the overseers of the poor, or one of them, for the use of the poor of the parish wherein such offender or offenders shall reside; and in case such offender or offenders shall not have effects to the amount of the said penalty, it shall be lawful for such justice, after sale and application as aforesaid of such effects as shall be found, to commit him, her, or them to the house of correction, there to be confined to hard labour*for any time not exceeding three months, not less than one month.

XI. And be it further enacted, That a conviction for any such offence, in the tenor or to the effect following, shall be good, to all intents and purposes:

BE it remembered, !That on this day of Form of con

in the year A.B.

faugh ter ing horses is convicted, upon the oaths of C D. and E. F., 0t paid. two credible wiinesses, before me G. H. one of his Majestfs justices of the peace for the county of of having wilfully

made, or caused to be made [as the case may be], a fatfe entry in the book required by the fatute, in that case made and provided, to be kept by the said A.B. whereby he, \_jhe^ or they'] has [or have] forfeited the sum of

Given under my hand andfeal, the day and year above written.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the book and books of fnfpe&ors all and every the inspector and inspectors of every parish wherein hook to be any such (laughtering house or place shall stand or be situated,

shall be produced at every general quarter sessions of the peace, sessions. to be held in and for the county wherein any such licence shall be granted, and delivered to the justices of the peace at such

general

710 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c.yi, [1786.

general quarter sessions assembled, then and there to be exaffiin ed by them as they shall think fit.

persons lend

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per tng houses for shall occasionally lend any house, barn, stable, or other the purpose of place, for the purpose of slaughtering or killing any horse, mare slaughtering. gelding, colt, silly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, which shall not be killed for butchers meat, without taking out such licence as aforesaid, and shall be thereof convicted before any justice of the peace for the county, riding, city, town, districi, division, or liberty, wherein such person or persons shall reside, upon the oath of two credible witnesses, he, she, or they shall forfeit, upon conviction, for every such offence, any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than ten pounds; one moiety thereof to be paid to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish where the offence shall be committed; and which said Raft mentioned moiety shall, upon payment thereof, be immediately transmitted by the justice so convicting to the overseers of the poor of the said parish, or one of them; and in case such penalty shall not be forthwith paid, such justice shall commit the offender to the common gaol or house of correction, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month, unless the said penalty shall be sooner paid; and the form of such conviction shall be as follows, or to the like effect:

Form of cont)  so remembered, That on this day of

thefeklw Cn *A.B. was convictedy upon the oaths of two ere

penalty is not dible witnesses, before me C D. one of his Majesty's justices of the paid. peace for the county of, for occasionally lending a

house [or place, as the case may be], r the purpose of slaughtering horses, [or, as the case may be, ofslaughtering cattle for other pur pojes than for butchers meat], without a licence for that purpose sir ft obtained, according to the Statute in that case made and provided.

Given under my hand and seal, the day and year above written.

act not to extend to curriers, etc. killingdiftem pered horses, C

XIV. Provided always, That this act shall not extend to any currier, felt maker, tanner, or dealer in hides, who shall kill any distempered or aged horse, mare, gelding, colt, silly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, or purchase any dead'horse, mare, gelding, coir, silly, afs, mule, ox, cow, heifer, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, for the bona fide purpose of selling, using, or curing the hide or hides thereof, in the course of their respective trades; nor to any farrier employed to kill aged and distempered cattle, nor to any person or persons who shall kill any horse, mare gelding, colt, silly, afs, mule, bull, ox, cow, heifer, calf, sheep, hog, goat, or other cattle, of their own or other cattle, or purchasing any dead horse, or other cattle, to feed their own hounds or dogs, or giving away the flesh thereof for the like purpose,

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 71. 711

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any collar maker, collar make currier, felt maker, tanner, or dealer in hides, or farrier, or other ers, &c.killing person, shall, under colour of their respective trades or occupa ^hab^to* tiens, knowingly or willingly kill any sound or useful horse, penalty, gelding, mare, foal, or silly, or boil or otherwise cure the flesh

thereof for the purpose of selling the same, such collar maker, and other tradesman or person, shall be deemed and taken to be an offender within the meaning of this act, and shall, for every such offence, forfeit any sum not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than ten pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Witnesses re lawful for any justice of the peace before whom complaint shall [^5 the'ufti be made for any offence against this act, to summon such per Cg to forfeit son or persons, other than the party or parties complained iol! against, as he shall think proper, to appear before him at a day

certain, then and there to give evidence touching any offence committed against this act; and in case such person or persons shall wilfully refuse or neglect to attend, or give evidence touching such offence, he, she, or they shall forfeit the sum of ten pounds; and in default of payment thereof, or in case of inability to pay the same, shall stand committed to the common gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month, unless the said penalty shall be sooner paid. M.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That any inhabitant of the ^be'deemed parish where any offence against this act shall be committed, competent shall, upon any complaint or hearing before any justice or justi witnesses, ces of the peace, or upon any trial or examination by virtue of

this act, be, and be deemed to be, a competent witness, notwithstanding his or her contributing to any of the rates or dues to such parish; or being a poor person relieved or relievable by the said parish, and entitled as such to receive any benefit or interest from any penalty or penalties to be paid or levied in pursuance of the directions of this act; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted for anything by him, her, or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons may plead General issue' the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his,

her, or their defence; and if upon the trial, a verdict shall pass

for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs

shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants

[Treble costs.]

shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

712 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 72. [ 1 jb6j

CAP. LXXII.

An act for explaining and amending an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present majesty j intituled an act for laying an additional duty on hackney coaches, and for explaining and amending several acts of parliament relating to hackney coaches.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made in the twenty the fares \\ fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, (entitled, An act ^geo* ky for laying an additional duty on hackney coaches, and for explaining and amending several acts or parliament relating to pealed. hackney coaches); the several rates and fares to be talen by hackney coachmen, and persons legally acting under them, for the hire of any such hackney coach, from and after the fourth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, are therein enumerated and set down: and whereas fitch rates and fares have been found infiuffi cient to enable the hackney coachmen to pay the duties imposed, and alfif unsatisfactory to the public: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, so much of the said recited act as enumerates the rates and fares to be taken by licensed hackney coachmen, or persons legally acting under them, shall be, and the From Aug. t, same are hereby repealed; and that from and after the said first lowtne^fares" ay every person who is or shall be licensed by the

to be taken, of for licensing and regulating hackney coaches and viz. chairs, or the major part of them, to drive, keep, and let to hire,

by the hour or day, or otherwise, any hackney coach, with horses and geldings or mares, within the cities of London and Westminster, or the suburbs of the same, or within the parishes or places comprised within the weekly bills of mortality, or any other place or places where to, by any of the laws now in being, such hackney coachmen are compellable to go, or any person legally acting under such licensed person, shall be entitled to, and may demand, receive, and take, for the hire of any such hackney coach, the rates and fares herein after mentioned; (that is to say);

For 1 mile For every distance within, and not exceeding one mile and and i 4th, is. two furlongs, the sum of twelve pence:

For 3 ths of And for every further distance within, and not exceeding six ther^d* furlongs (computed as beyond the said first mentioned difsnce For half a of one mile and two furlongs), the sum of sixpence" " beyond And for every further distance within, and not exceeding four the former furlongs (beyond the said second distance), the sum of sixpence: For ever^And n manner the sum of sixpence for every further half mfie^ distance within, and not exceeding four furlongs, to be computed further. 6d. through

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 72, 71$

through the whole distance which such coach shall be driven or go:

And, as respecting such coaches as shall be considered to be anhour, is.;

kept in waiting, the following rates and fares shall and may by between

demanded, received, and taken (that is to say), 3 ths and an

V hour, js. 6d.

For any time, not exceeding three quarters of an hour, one shilling; and for any time exceeding three quarters of an hour, and not exceeding one hour, one shilling and sixpence:

For any time exceeding one hpur, and not exceeding one hour and twenty minutes, two Shillings; and for every period of time, not exceeding twenty minutes, to be computed from the expiration of the said first hour and twenty minutes, the sum of sixpence, to be computed through the whole time during which such coach shall be engaged or employed:

And for a day's work or hire, reckoning twelve hours to the day, the sum of fourteen Shillings and sixpence; and for any' time, to be computed from the conclusion of the said twelve hours, such coach shall be considered as a coach in waiting, the same shall be paid for in the manner, and according to the rate aforesaid.

Between an hour, and an hour and ao minutes, as.; and for every ao minutes afterwards,

6d. s

For a day of 1 a hours,

14s* 6d.

II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore fxaalngmore said, That if any such hackney coachman, his renter or driver, than these shall exact or take more for his or their hire than the several rates fares to be hereby limited, My or they shall, for every such offence, be fub recovered as jecb and liable to such and the like penalties, forfeitures, and heretofore punishments, to be levied, recovered, suffered, and inflicted, by

such persons, and in such and the like manner and form, as by any law or Jaws now are in being, respecting such hackney coachmen, their renters or drivers; and that the several rates and fares herein before mentioned shall and may be recovered, in such and the like manner as the fares of hackney coachmen are by any act or acts of parliament now recoverable.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, revoked That if any hackney coachman, his, her, or their renter or when arrears renters, shall, from and after the said first day of August, be in are not paid arrear of payment of any relit or rents, reserved or made payable

by any licence or licences, granted or to be hereafter granted by the said of, or the major part of them, for any longer time than is or shall be expressed in such licence or licences, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, or the major part of them, to revoke such licence or licences, and to levy the rents and sums of money reserved, and thereby made payable, either upon the goods and chattels of such owner or owners, or renter or renters, in such and the like manner and form as they may, by any law now in being, dp with respect to such owner or owners.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons stall, at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this

u aft.

jri4 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73. [1786.

or of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such General issue. person and persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his and their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited. Treble costs. such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs,

CAP. LXXIII.

An act to discontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and spirits for home consumption, and for granting and securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending British spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited time, certain impojts and duties upon rum and spirits imported from the West Indies.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by several acts of parliament, in force at the time of the passing of a certain act of parliament, made in the act 24 Geo. twenty fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, (entitled, An act 3. C 46, to discontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties up

recited. on ow wines and spirits for home consumption, and for granting

and securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending British spirits, as well for home consumption as for exportation; and for destroying all home made and foreign spirits, after the condemnation thereof; and for vesting in his Majesty the duties of excise within the lands of Ferentofh, in the county of Inverness; and for discontinuing, for a limited time, certain imports and duties upon rum and spirits imported from the West Indies), sundry rates and duties were granted upon low wines and spirits made in Great Britain, for home consumption: and whereas the saidrates and duties were by the said act, made in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his said Majesty, discontinued for a limited time, and other duties were by that act granted in lieu thereof for the same time: and 'whereas it is expedient to discontinue, for a further limited time, the rates and duties granted by the said acts of parliament in force at the time of the passing of the said act of parliament, made in the twenty-fourth year of his said Majesty's reign, upon low wines and spirits, made in that part of Great Britain called England, for home consumption, and to repeal so much of the said act as is herein after repealed, and in lieu of the said rates and duties granted by the said acts of parliament in force at the time of the passing of the said act, made in the twenty fourth year of his fold majesty's reign, and of the said rates and duties so granted in lieu thereof, to grant unto your Majesty, for the same limited time, the several rates and duties herein? after mentioned, and hereby imposed, and also to provide and enact the several powers, authorities, rules, regulations, and provifms herein after mentioned, for the better raising, levying, colie sting, and securing the said rates and duties hereby imposed; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73.' 715

present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, for and during the space of two years, to be computed For 2 years from the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, the said rates and duties, by the said acts of parliament pjcfent duties in force at the time of the passing of the said act, made in the to cease, and twenty-fourth year of his said majesty's reign, so granted upon in lieu thereof low wines and spirits made in that part of Great Britain called duties England for home consumption, shall be discontinued, save only pan viz!

and except in all cases relating to the recovering any arrears 1

thereof, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any penalty or forfeiture, penalties or forfeitures, relating thereto respectively; that in lieu and stead of the said rates and duties so discontinued, and of the said rates and duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several rates and duties of excise following; (that is to say).

For every gallon of fermented wort or wash, brewed or made For every for extracting spirits for home consumption from any malt, corn, grain, or tilts, or any mixture with the same, to be paid by the grain, 6d. makers or distillers thereof, the sum of sixpence:

For every gallon of cyder or perry, or any other wash or LI Folj evcij quor made or brewed from any sort or kind of British materials or

(except such as are before mentioned), or from any mixture Of wah, 'frora therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumption, to be other British paid by the makers or distillers thereof, the sum of five pence: materials For every gallon of fermented wort or wash, made or brewed t*vm gramme from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting pr every spirits for home consumption, to be paid by the makers or distii gallon of lers thereof, the sum of eight pence three farthings: wort from

And for every gallon of wah composed of foreign refused wine gdr or foreign cyder, or wash prepared from foreign materials ex pjj^every cept melasses and sugar), or any mixture therewith, for extract gallon from ing spirits for home consumption, to be paid by the makers or foreign distillers thereof, the sum of one shilling. wine>&c*is*

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said duties by this act imposed shall be under the re Duties to be ceipt and management of the commissioners of excise in England ^anapement for the time being.^of the excise.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every distiller and distillers, and maker and makers Entry to be of low wines or spirits, shall, four days at the least before he, jade of (he, or they shall begin to brew any corn or grain, or to mix any other materials for the making of wash to be distilled into low working, and wines, make a true and particular entry in writing at the next not to be used office of excise, within the limits whereof his, her, or their otherwise workhouse, still house, storehouse, warehouse, or other place for spec*e<* the brewing, mixing, distilling, making, or keeping wort, wasti, 1 n low wines or spirits, is or shall be situate, of all coppers, tuns, backs, coolers, stills, calks, and vessels, which he, she, or they,

shall

7*6 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73* ['1.786.

shall make use of for the brewing, mixing, fermenting, working, distilling, holding, laying, or keeping any wort, wah, or low wines, or any spirits or feints; and in such entry shall insert the day when he, she, or they shall intend to begin first to brew any corn or grain, or to mix any other materials for the making of wort, wah, tilts, or other liquor to be distilled into low wines, and in such entry shall specify the particular use and purpose to and for which each such copper, tun, back, cooler, (till, calk, and vessel, is intended to be used, applied and appropriated; and no such copper, tun, back, cooler, (fill, calk, or vessel, shall be used, applied, or appropriated, to any other use or purpose than that to which the same is in such entry specified to be intended to be used, applied, and appropriated, and which entry and entries shall be made out according to the schedule.hereunto annexed, as the case may require; and if any such distiller or distillers, maker or makers of low wines or spirits, shall negletft to Penalty on make such entry, specifying as aforesaid, or shall use, apply, or kaingtoes" appropriate any such copper, tun, back, cooler, dill, calk, or make entry, "vessel, in the way of his, her, or their trade or business of a distill fe ler or distillers, or maker or makers of low wines or spirits to

or for any other use or purpose than that to or for which such copper, tun, back, cooler, (till, ea(k, or vessel, is in such entry specified to be intended to be used, applied, or appropriated, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds, together with all wort, wah, low wines, spirits, feints, 'and other liquors respectively, which shall be found in any such copper, tun, back, cooler, still, cask, or vessel, at the time when such offence shall be committed; and such wott, wah, low wines, spirits, feints, and other liquor respectively shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

Entries not to

IV. And be it further enacted by the authoriy aforesaid, whil^dutfes11 That no distiller or distillers, or maker or makers of spirits for are depend home consumption, shall be allowed to withdraw or discontinue ing, etc. his, her, or their entry of any still house or storehouse whilst any duty therein shall be depending, or any utensils for brewing, Persons bin^fermenting, or distilling, shall be (landing; and that it shall and ma>' fr any fficer or officers of excise, by night as

ihlbhouses, 5 well as by day, (but if in the night, then on producing his or forfeit 2ccl. their commission or commissions as such officer or officers), to enter, by the usual or moil: accustomed doors or passages, into all entered still houses, and all other places where utensils for brewing, fermenting, or distilling are (landing, belonging to any distiller or distillers, or maker or makers of low wines or spirits; and if any person or persons shall wilfully obstruct any such officer or officers of excise from having free ingress and regress into and from any such entered still house, or place, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of two If officers are hundred pounds; and after any obstrueftion, it shall and may be obstructed, lawful to and for such officer or officers of excise, together with

breltpen proper assistants, to break open by force any doors leading or

1'belonging

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. e. yf. f t

belonging to such entered still house or place, or any of the twin hll houss, dows thereof, or to break through any of the walls, so far as (half etc be necessary for obtaining entrance thereinto: provided always.

That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to Cases where extend, to prevent the changing of any entry from the name of ntr'es one owner or proprietor of the entered premises, to the name of be C ailge*any subsequent owner or proprietor thereof; or to prevent any distiller or distillers, or maker or makers of low wines or spirits, from changing his, her, or their entry for making of spirits for home consumption to an entry for making of spirits for exportation; or from changing his, her, or their entry for making of spirits for exportation, to an entry for making of spirits for home consumption; or from changing his/her, or their entry for the making of spirits from corn or malt, to an entry for the making of spirits from melasses or sugar; or from changing his, her, or their entry for the making of spirits from melasses or sugar, to an entry for the making of spirits from corn or malt; so that every new entry, for the respective purposes aforesaid, be made on the same day whereon such distiller shall have withdrawn or discontinued his former entry; but if the new entry shall not be made on the same day in which the former entry shall be withdrawn, ftch former entry shall remain and continue in full force.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Wash back

That every fermenting wafti back which, from and after the^con first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty IX officer

shall be used or kept by any distiller or maker, or distillers or roay conveni makers of low wines or spirits, shall have a hole or dipping place ently take the in the top thereof, and be so placed and constructed as that the gauge, on pe officer of excise may be conveniently enabled to take his dip of na y 0 200*gauge at such hole or dipping place at the top thereof; and that every fermenting, or other wah back shall, after the lit ft; day of February, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, be fa eonftrudted and placed as that the top thereof shall be under or beneath the level of the charging cock of the wail (till; and if any such distiller or maker, or distillers or makers of spirits, shall keep or use any fermenting wah baek without such hole or dipping place being at the top thereof, or shall have, keep, or use any fermenting wall back so placed or constructed as that the officer of excise cannot conveniently be enabled to take his dip r gauge at such hole or dipping place at the top thereof, he, she, or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Notice to be That all and every distiller and distillers, and maker and makers given before of low wines and spirits, shall, after his, her, or their wah back ^frefttfrn or wail backs shall be quite empty, and before the same shall ed, on penalty be begun to be fresh limed, give or cause to be given to same or of 50u

one of the officers of excise, urider whose survey he, she, or they shall then be, such notice in writing as herein after is mentioned before the particular hour or time when he, she, or they intends or intend to begin to lime such wash back or wash backs

Vol. XXXV  bh (that

Penalty of 200l. on persons having conveyances ta or from

718 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 7$.

[1786.

(that is to say), he, she, or they, if within the weekly bills of mortality, shall give notice, in writing, to same or one of the officers of excise, under whose survey he, she, or they shall then be, four hours at lead, or in other parts of Great Britain, eight hours at lead, of his, her, or their intention to begin to lime his, her, or their wah back or wash backs; and in case such distiller or didiliers, or maker or makers, shall not begin to lime his, her, or their wah back or wah backs, at the time mentioned in such notice, or within one hour after, such notice shall in every such case respectively be null and void; and such distiller or didiliers, or maker or makers, shall be obliged to give another like notice, in writing, before he, she, or they shall begin to lime his, her, or their wash back or wall backs; and if any distiller or didiliers, or maker or makers of low wines or spirits, shall begin to lime any such wash back or wah backs, without giving such notice as aforesaid, he, she, or they, (had forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds for each and every wah back which shall be so begun to be limed without such notice as aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no reifier or re&ifiers, or compounder or compounders of spirits, shall have or keep any opening, fixed pipe, or other conveyance whatever, leading to or leading from any dill or ftiils, not here ftjlls to him? her, or them belonging, or by him, her, or them y permit e. use(j other than and except one charging pipe, and one hole or opening made according to the form of the datute in that case made and provided, to the intent that the gaugers and officers of excise may take gauges and samples), to each such dill, nor shall have or keep any opening, fixed pipe, or other conveyance whatever, leading from any such dill or dills, save and except the discharge cock to each dill respectively belonging; and if any such reifier or compounder, or rectifiers or compounders, shall have or keep any such opening, fixed pipe, or other conveyance (not before excepted), leading to or leading from such dill or dills, he, she, or they shall, for every such fixed pipe, opening or conveyance (not before excepted), forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the clauses, provisions, redri&ions, powers, authorities, and directions, enacted, provided, granted, and contained in and by an act made in the twelfth year of his present Majesty's reign, (entitled. An act for the more effectual preventing of frauds in the revenues of excise, with respect to tea, soap, low wines, and spirits); or in and by an act made in the fourteenth year of his said majesty's reign, (entitled. An act to extend fa much of an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to difiillers or makers of low wines and spirits from corn, to every kind of dist litre; and for the more effectual feeuring the revenue of excise arifng from low wines and spirits; and for after taining. the allcvjance to be made to the manufacturers of wool and linen r in respect of the duties on soap imported and used in the woollen

y and

The provisions contained in

I Geo. 3. 46;

C

and 14 Geo. C 7ji

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. jf.'*9

rind linen manufactures \ so far as the same, or any of them, relate relative to the to or concern the providing and affixing sufficient fastenings to ^j^n^sex the heads of stills, wah pumps, charging cocks, and discharge tend to ail cocks respectively, or any of them; or to the providing locks distilleries. and keys respectively for securing the said still heads, charging cocks, and discharge cocks respectively, or any of them; or to the providing and affixing locks, keys, and fastenings, or any of them, to the furnace doors of any still or flills^or to the locking, sealing, or securing such dill heads, wall pumps, charging 'cocks, discharge cocks, and furnace doors respectively, or any of them; or to the opening or charging any still or stills, or giving notice of being desirous to open and charge the same respectively; to the lighting fire under any still or (tills, or to the opening any furnace door, or giving notice of being desirous to have any furnace door unlocked; or for the use of such locks, keys, and fastenings respectively; or to the enforcing a due obedience to the said acts, in respect to the masters aforesaid, under the several pains and penalties by the said acts respectively in that behalf imposed and infiided for any disobedience or neglect concerning the same; shall be, and the same are hereby re enacted, and are also hereby enacted and declared to extend to all furnaces, wath pumps, and stills of all distillers and makers of low wines and spirits whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons using That all and every redifier and compounder, and redifiers and without compounders of spirits shall, at his, her, and their own expense, Charge cocks, find, provide, and affix sufficient locks, keys, and fastenings, to to forfeit 50u be approved of in writing, by and under the hands of the respective surveyors or supervisors of excise of the division or district in which such redifier or compounder, or redifiers or compounders, shall respectively reside, to the discharge cock of'all and every still and stills to him, her, or them belonging, or by him, her, or them used; and the officers of excise shall, and they afe hereby required to lock and secure such discharge cocks; and if any such redifier or compounder, or redifiers or compounders, shall presume to rectify or compound spirits, before he, she, or they shall have found, provided, and affixed sufficient keys, locks, and fastenings, to be approved of as aforesaid, to every such discharge cock to each and every still! to him, her, or them belonging, or by him, her, or them used, according to the directions herein given, or shall refuse to pay for such locks, keys, or fastenings, in pursuance of the directions of this act, he, fixe, or they shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Locks, etc. where any locks, keys, or fastenings have been or shall be pro to be a!te*.e<* vided in pursuance of the said acts, made in the twelfth, four of

teenth, and twenty-fourth years of his said majesty's reign, or the officer, on any of them, or in pursuance of this act, all and every distiller penalty of iand distillers, and maker and makers of low wines, or spirits, and all and every redifier and redifiers, and compounder and

B b b z compounder

jia Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73. [1786.

compounders of spirits, to whom such locks, keys, and fatten ings respectively shall then belong, shall, at his, her, or their own expense, from timp to time, and at all times, when required so to do by the general surveyor, (if such distiller or distillers, or maker or makers, redtifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders, shall reside within the limits of the chief office of excise in London), and by the respective surveyors or supervisors of excise (if such distiller or distillers, maker or makers, redtifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders, shall reside out of the said limits) of the division or district in which he, she, or they shall respectively reside, immediately set about the altering, repairing and amending, and shall also, within a reasonable time then next following, repair, amend, and alter according to such requisition, all and Angular the fastenings directed by the said several acts, made in the twelfth, fourteenth, and twenty-fourth years of his said majesty's reign, or any or either of them, to ]pe provided and affixed to the heads of each and every low wine (till and wah still, wash pumps and charging cocks, belonging to or used by any distiller or maker of low wines or spirits, and also all and every such locks and keys as are by such acts of parliament, or any or either of them, directed to be provided for securing the said still heads, charging cocks, and wah pumps, and also all such locks, keys, and - fastenings as are directed by the said acts, or any or either of them, to be found, provided and affixed to the furnace door of each and every still, by every distiller and maker of low wines or spirits for sale, rectifiers and compounders respectively used, and also all and every such locks, keys, and fastenings, as are by the said act, made in the said fourteenth year of his said majesty's reign, directed to be found, provided, and affixed to the discharge cock of every wah still, and of every low wine Jiill, used by every distiller and maker of low wines or spirits for sale; and if any such distiller or distillers, maker or makers, redtifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders, to whom any such locks, keys, and fastenings, or any or either of them, shall belong, shall neglect or refuse immediately to set about the altering, repairing, or amending the same, or to repair, amend, or alter the same when thereunto required according to the directions of this act, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such neglect or refusal, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds

Recital of act.

XL. And whereas, by an act made in the twenty-third year of the

zi Geo. 3. C reign of his present Majesty (intituled an act for the more el

Q fedtual preventing the illegal importation of foreign spirits, and for putting a (top to the private distillation of British made spirituous liquors; for explaining such part of the act, imposing a duty upon male servants, as relates to the right of appeal from justices of the peace; to amend and rectify a mistake in an act of the last session of parliament, with respect to the removal of tea from one part of this kingdom to other parts thereof; and for preventing yexatio^ against officers of excise acting

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73.' 711

in pursuance of the authority given by excise Statutes), it was enabled That the keys of every charging cock, and of every discharge cock, that jbouu be made use of by any disiiller or maker of low wines and spirits, whether for sale or for exportation, or by any reblifier or compounder of spirits for charging, or for discharging and emptying any fill or fills, or other entered utensil by him, for, or them respectively made use of \ Should be so riveted into the cock, of which it was a part, as to prevent the same from being taken out of the body of the said cock: and whereas the rivetting the keys of such charging and discharge cocks, in manner dire bled by the said clause, has been found inconvenient and inadequate to the purposes thereby intended; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of Clause of last the said recited clause, as directs any such cocks to be riveted as in the said clause is directed, shall be repealed, and the same is hereby repealed accordingly. repealed.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no distiller or distillers, or maker or makers or low wines No key to be or spirits, or rectifier or rectifiers, or compounder or compoun

ders of spirits, shall rivet, or cause to be riveted, or otherwise examination, fasten or cause to be fattened, any key into any charge or dif on penalty of charge cock of any (till of or belonging to or u(ed by him, her, 5ol or them so as to prevent the officer or officers of, excise from taking out and examining such key; and if any such distiller or distillers, maker or makers, redtifier or rectifiers, or compounder or compounders, shall rivet or cause to be riveted, or fasten or cause to be fattened, any such key, contrary to the directions of this act, he, she, or they shall, for every such key so riveted or fattened, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no distiller or distillers, or maker or makers of low wines Persons hav or spirits, nor any redtifier or rectifiers, or compounder or com pipes of pounders of spirits, shall have any pipe or conveyance, comma tien with nicating with any worm belonging to any still in his, her, or worms, to their custody or possession: and if any such distiller or distillers, forfeit iooi. maker or makers, redtifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders, shall have any pipe or other conveyance, communicating with any worm belonging to any still in his, her, or their custody or potsession, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no distiller or distillers, or maker or makers of low wines No cap. etc. or spirits, or redtifier or rectifiers, or compounder or compoun to kept so ders of spirits, shall, from and after the said first day of Auguf, cocks^being* one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, have or keep any examined, on iron, or other tap or covering, upon any cock belonging to his, penalty of^her, or their still or (tills, or to any pipe, back or vessel whatsoever in his, her, or their entered premises, so as to prevent the officer or officers of excise from distinctly seeing and easily examining such cock; and if any such distiller or distillers, maker or makers, redtifier or rectifiers, or compounder or compouiidersv

jqa Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73. [1786.

shall have or keep any such cap or covering upon any such cock, contrary to the directions of this act he, she, or they shall, for every such cap or covering so had or kept, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

XV Arid, to the intent that no allowance may be made or permits 'granted' to any. p erf on or persons, calling themselves rectifiers or compounders'.y for Jale, but not being known or actual rectifiers and comv pounders, for any increase which such person or persons may make in his, her, or their jicck or locks, by water, sugar, syrup, fruit, or any other ingredients; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. No persons to That no person or persons shall be deemed to be a rectifier or he deemed compounder of spirits within the meaning of this act, who shall wh6 have ^tc* not ave an entered still. capable of containing in the body Itrl's of a less thereof, exclusive of the head, one hundred and twenty gallons capacity than at the least, nor unless such (fill shall have suitable tubs and iro galions, worms affixed thereto, and shall be really and bona fide used for etc - he rectifying of british spirits for sale by such person or persons'.

frf.^XVI And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

No person to That no wort, wash, or tilts, or other liquor, or preparation for, remove wort the diffjlling of low wines or spirits for home consumpriori* ftrilt before into the still, or other wise removed from the back

being gauged, 9t vessel wliprein. the same was or were fermented, until the on penalty of j^rne shall have been gauged, and the duties, hereby imposed aool. etc. charged thereon, by the proper officer of exrife; and if any distiller or distillers, or maker or makers of spirits, shall, contrary 16 the directions or this at, put into any still, or otherwise remove or cause to be so put or removed, any such wort, wash, tilts, or other liquor or preparation from the back or vessel wherein, the same was or were so fermented, before the same shall have been gauged, and the duties hereby imposed charged thereon, such person or persons shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of twq hundred pounds, and shall also pay double the duty, for, all the wort, wash, tilts, and other liquor or preparation so put intp; the still or removed as aforer find, ^' #,

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Regulations That qo distiller or maker, or distillers or makers of spirits shall relative to still pave or ^eep any pipe, conveyance, or opening, leading to his pipes, e C wah still, fqve and except the known charging pipe or convey ance leading from his, her, or their known and entered wash, Qr backs, and such pipe or conveyance shall empty itfejf

in a fhure, open trunk, or vessel; which (hute, open trunk, or

vessel, shall, be at a distance not exceeding six feet from the still, and shall bp of the following dimensions; that is to say, at least V two feet in length, one foot in breadth, and not morp tharr

twq feet in depth; from which (hute, open trunk, or vessel, the conveyance pipe into the wash still shall be in a straight line, and not concealed from the view of the officer, nor of q greater or larger size than six inches diameter in the clear, oq v>m of forfeiting, for every other pipe, trunk conveyance, or: '1'; opening

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73* 723

opening, erected, setup, kept, or continued, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, the sum of two hundred pounds.;

XVIII. And, to the end that the officers of excise may be Officers to able to, taste, examine, and ascertain the quality of all wash, tak? w2rtst?n worts, or other liquors, intended to be conveyed into the still fames r 6 or stills of all and every distiller and distillers, and maker or makers of low wines and spirits, all such officers are hereby im; powered, as often as to them, or any of them, shall seem expedient, to take a fampie or samples of such wah, worts, or other liquors, either in the coolers, wash backs, or other vessels whac soever, before the same shall be conveyed into the wash still or stills, not exceeding twelve gallons at any one time, from each such cooler, wash back, or other vessel, on paying after the rate rof one shilling and sixpence by the gallon for the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the proper officer of excise shall gauge all wort, wah, and Officers to other liquor, after the same shall have been put into the wash thea^jjun* still, (either for home consumption or for exportation), and gauges, keep in his books true accounts of the still gauges of such wort, V wash, and other liquors respectively.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no wort, wash, tilts, or low wines, in the possession of Persons frau any distiller or maker of spirits, distillers or makers of spirits, dulently re shall be removed or taken away from his, her, or their entered distillery, nor shall any wort, wash or tilts, be deposited, hid, wort) to or concealed, in any place whatsoever, with intent to defraud feitit, ^ndios. his Majesty of the duties thereon j and when and so often as per gallon on any wort, wash, tilts, or low wines, shall be removed or taken the quantity away, or any wort, wah, or tilts, deposited, hid, or concealed, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, such wort, wash, tilts, and low wines respectively, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall; and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise; over and beside such forfeiture, such distiller or maker, or distillers or makers, so removing or taking away any wort, wash, tilts, or low wines, or so depositing, hiding, or concealing any wort, wash, or tilts, or causing the same so to be removed, taken away, or deposited, hid, or concealed, and the person or persons employed so to remove or take away, or so to deposit, hide, or conceal the same, or who shall receive the same,

shall severally forfeit and lose the sum of ten Shillings for every gallon of wort, wash, tilts, or low wines so removed, taken away, or concealed, and the like sum of ten Shillings for every gallon of wort, wash, or tilts, so deposited, hid, or concealed.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every distiller and distillers, and maker and makers Penalty of of low wines or spirits for home consumption, shall, before he, thlers^ot* " (he, or they shall begin to draw off any low wines from his, chargingwash, her, or their wash still, charge the same with wort or wash made stills as herein

B b b 4 from directed, or

: ?n

not work'ng them rff in due time.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III.

[178&

from malt orco^n, of melasses or sugar, orwith cyder, perry, or other, liquor, on which the duties hereby imposed arc di reed to be charged, and shall have been charged, in the proportion of not l$fs than three parts in four of the Whole quantity of liquor which such. still, including the head, is capable of containing 5. and that all and every distiller and distillers, and maker apjcj makers of low wines or spirits for exportation, shall before he., (fie, or they shall begin to draw off any low wines from his, her, or their wash (till, charge the same with fuefi wort or wafiv in the proportion of not left than four parts in five of the whole quantity of liquor which such still, including the head. is capable of containing; and that every wash still shall be wqrked off within the space of twentyrfour hours, to be computed from the time of the officer's taking an account of the charge of such still; end that all and every distiller and distillers, and maker and makers of spirits, who shall begin to dravy off any low wines until his, her, or their wash still shall have been so charged in manner herein before directed; after having been so charged, shall not work the same off within such twenty-four hours, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all low. wines shall, within the space of twelve hours after the same shall have been runoff from the wash still, be com than i fiours veyed into the low wine still, and shall, within the space of the after they have next twelve hpqrs, be drawn off and distilled into spirits; and been run pff jf any distiller or ^jifliilers, or maker or makers of low wines or'(pints, shall keep ny low wines more than twelve hours after, r the same ftujl have been run off from the wash still before the same shall be put into the low wine still, or shall not, within the space of the next twelve hours after the same shall have been put into the low. wine still, work off and distill the same into spirits, he, she, or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of ten pounds by the hour for each and every hour beyond the time or space hereby limited for that purpose during which he, she, or they shall keep any such low wines without drawing off or distiljing the same into spirits.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty of That all and every redtifier and re&ifiers, compounder and 200l. on rec compounders of British spirits, shall, before he, (lie, or they tifiers who do foeg*in to draw off any spirits from his, her, or their still, their charge the same in the proportion of not less than seven parts iq

herein direct ten of the whole quantity of liquor which such still, including ed, or work the head, is capable of containing; and such still shall remains and continue so charged until he, she, or they shall begin tq draw off spirits therefrom; and every such still shall be worked pff within eighteen hours, to be computed from the time of the officer's taking the gauge of the still; and if any rectifier oc compoupder, pr redlifiers or compounders of spirits shall begin to draw off any spirits from his, her, pr their still pot fq charged

pr

Penalty on

keeping low. wines more

them off in due time.

7*5

No allowance to be made for any fluid mixed with wall, etc.

Directions of act XI Geo. C 55. to be followed.

Officers to keep accounts of wall, and give distiller the following credits, viz.

1784.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73.

or (hal not work off the same within such eighteen hours, he, stir or they shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and Jose the sum of one hundred pounds,

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no distiller or maker, or distillera or makers of spirits for exportation, shall haye or be entitled to any allowance for or under any pretence of any increase by water, or any other fluid mixed with the w$(h put into his, her, or their (till, but the whole charge of such still shall be considered as wah; and he, ibe, pr they shall, in respect of the find charge, produce to the proper officer the several and respective quantities and proportions of spirits, specified and directed in and by an act made in the twenty first year of his present Majesty's reign, amongst Other things, for the better and more effectual securing the revenue of excise, and of theinland duties under the management of the commissioners of excise, and for preventing frauds therein, under the pains and penalties in and by that at directed gnd provided in that hsbalf.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That every officer of excise, having any still or still house, or other place used for the purpose of making or distilling spirits for home consumption,

Under his survey, shall keep exadfc accounts in his books of all wah, wort, tilts, and other liquors, whereon the said duties are imposed by this a; and shall in his said books of accounts give unto the several and respective distillers or makers of spirits under his survey, a credit according to the following rates or proportions > that is to say.

For every one hundred gallons of wort or wah, made or brewed from malt, corn, grain, or tilts, or any mixture with the same, a credit for twenty gallons of spirits of the strength of pne to ten over hydrometer proof:

For every one hundred gallons of cyder, perry, wah, or Other liquor, made or brewed from any sort or kind of British materials, except malt, corn, grain, or tilts, or any mixture with the same, a credit for fifteen gallons of spirits of the strength aforesaid:

For every one hundred gallons of wort or wasti, made or brewed from melasses or sugar, or any mixture with the same, a credit for twenty-two gallons of spirits of the strength aforesaid:

And for every one hundred gallons of wah, composed of foreign r^fused wing or foreign cyder, or wall prepared from foreign materials (except melasses and sugar), or any mixture therewith, 3 credit for twenty gallons of spirits of the strength aforesaid,

XXVI. And be it further enacted hythe authority aforesaid, Increase of That if, on carting up the flock of any distiller or maker, or flock, above distiller or makers of spiritsf for home consumption (such ma titvut<?beformer not being alfp a resftifier), at the aforesaid strength of one Mied, and

to also 50l.s

For every 100 gallons of wort made from grain,

20 gallons of spirits::

every too galions, made from other British materials, 15 galions:

For every 100 gallons made from melasses or sugar, 22 galions:

For every 100 gallons made from other foreign materials, zp galr Ions,

7*6

Officers to take stock of distillers every 3 months, or when ordered so to do, and if any unfair increase be found, it is to be forfeited and 50l.

Officers to take stock of rectifiers every $ months, and if an unfair increase be found, it is to be forfeited

and job

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73. |ftjw*

46 ten over hydrometer proof any officer or officers of excise shall find the quantity of spirits; contained in such stock*the quantity for which the di (falter or maker or distilifersot makers thereof is or art entitled to such credit as aforesaid after making the proper dedudfton and allowance for the quantity of spirits for which pepmits^shall have been granted to such distiller or maker, or distillers^then, and in every such cife, such excess shall be deemed and taken to have arisen and been occasioned by Wort, wash, tilts, or other liquor not duly charged with the" rates and duties hereby imposed; so much of such stock as. shall be found increased, shall be forfeited nd lost, and a quantity equal to the quantity so found in excess'shall and may be seized and taken by arry officer or officers of excise from and out of any part of such stock, and the person and persons, in whose stock such excess shall be found, shall also forfeit and lose-the fam of fifty pounds.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

That the officers of excise shall, within' thirty days after the commencement of this aeftyand so afterwards once in every three months at the least, and oftener when occasion shall require, or when directed by any principalor general officer of excite or by the surveyor or supervisor of the district, itake an account of the stock of all distillers and makers of British spirits for home consumption, and also of the raw of unredified stock fall dealers in British spirits for home consumption (such distillers makers, or dealers, not being actual redifiers or compounders of spirits); and if, on taking such account, the quantity of spir rits found in any such stock, added to the quantity for which permits shall have beeh granted since the time of taking the last preceding account of such stock, shall be found to exceed the quantity of spirits found in such stock at the time of taking such last preceding account, added to the quantity since legally made or received by permit, such stock being castor computed at the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, a quantity of spirits equal to the quantity of spirits so found in excess shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized and taken, by the officer or officers of excise who shall discover the same, from and out of such stock; and the person or persons, in whose, such quantity of spirits so found in excess shall be discovered or sound, shall also forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds,

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, within thirty days after the commencement of this act, and afterwards once in every three months at the lead, the officers of excise shall also take an account of the stock of British brandy, rectified British) spirits, raw British spirits, compounds, and other British spirits, of every redlifier and compounder of spirits (whether a maker of spirits or not); and if on taking such account, the stock so taken, added to the quantity of spirits for which permits shall have been granted to such reifier or $: omj)ounc)er, since the time of taking the last preceding account

qs

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73. 727

of such flock, shall be found to exceed the quantity of spirits found in such flock, at the time of taking such last preceding account, added to the quantity firice legally made or received by permit, with the allowance of thirty-five gallons on every one hundred gallons fa made or received, calling or computing such flock at the strength of one in eight under hydrometer proof, a quantity of spirits equal to the quantity of spirits so found in excess shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized and taken, by the officer or officers of excise who shall discover the same, from and out of such flock; and the person or persons in whose flock such quantity of spirits so found in excess shall be discovered or sound, shall also forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.;

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the making unto the re&ifiers and compounders of Rectifiers to spirits, as well for what they shall lawfully make, as for what {j^nceof they shall lawfully purchase and receive by permit, a fair allow gallons in ance for that increase by water, sugar, syrup, or fruit which is the 100 for necessary to render their spirits fit for consumption, there shall increase by be allowed permits for the sending out any number of galions, water>etc Hot exceeding the rate or; proportion of one hundred and thirty five gallons of British brandy, rectified British spirits, or compounds, for every one hundred gallons of British raw spirits of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, which they shall have received by permit, or shall have made, according to the regulations and directions of this act; anything herein, or in any other act or acts of parliament, contained to the Contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXX. And, to the intent that permits, may not he granted for sending out a greater quantity of british brandy, rectified British spirits, or compounds, from the flock of any rectifier or reflifiersy or compounder or compounders of British spirits, than that of one hundred and thirty-five gallons for every one hundred gallons which he, sloe, or they shall lawfully make or receive by permit, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the proper officers of Officers to excise shall keep an account in their books with all and every keep an a<j* the distiller and distillers, maker and makers, redtifier and rec quantity ofc tifiers, ..and compounder and compounders of British spirits, as spirits made, well of the quantities of all British) spirits which he, though or they etc. and for shall legally make or receive by permit, as of the quantities of which per all British spirits for which any such officer or officers shall grant granted any permit j and when and so often as any officer shall be called and if per*or required by any such distiller or distillers, maker or mits are re makers, redtifier or redlifiers, or compounder or compounders, quiredfora to grant any permit or permits for the sending out of any British than brandy, rectified British spirits, raw British spirits, British com ought to be i pounds, or'spirits of wine, exceeding the quantity which he, stock, it may ihe, or they ought to have remaining in flock, such officer or bs officers shall immediately examine, or cause to be examined, the flock in hand of such distiller or distillers, maker or makers, redtifier or rediijfkrs? or ppmpouader pr compounders and whatever

j Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 7p [1786.

ever cxcofs shall be found in flock, such excess shall be.forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid Spirits not of That no distiller or distillers, or maker or makers of spirits, the strength shall sell or send out any spirits whatever for home confurftption fcribedpto be a Sreater or higher degree of strength than that of one to ten forfeited; over hydrometer proof; and no rectifier or rectifiers, or compounder or compounders of spirits (whether a maker or makers of spirits, or not), shall sell or send out any British brandy, Bru tish rectified spirits, British compounds, or other British spirits, of a greater or higher degree of strength than that of one in eight under hydrometer proof; nor shall any distiller or distif jess, maker or makers, rectifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders of spirits, or any dealer or dealers in spirits, sell or send out any foreign spirits of a lower degree of strength than that of one in six gnder hydrometer proof, nor have in his her, or their custody or possession any quantity of foreign spirits, or British and foreign spirits mixed together, except shrub, cherry or raspberry brandy, of a lower degree of strength than as last aforesaid, upon pain of all such spirits being forfeited and lost; and all such spirits, together with the calks and vessels containing the same, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

XXXII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by But rectifiers, the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and etc. keeping for any rectifier or rectifiers, or compounder or compounders fpsts^fcpa f fj?ir*ts an to an for any dealer or dealers in rectified British rate from*spirits, upon condition of his, her, or their keeping his, her, or other liquors, their whole (lock of spirits of wine separate and apart from his, may send out her, or their (lock of other liquors, but not otherwise, to de a greater  % mask ard receive permits for sending out spirits of wine of any strength. higher or greater degree of strength than that of one in eight

undpr hydrometer proof to any person not being a maker, rectifier, or compounder of spirits, so that the whole quantity of such spirits of wine to be sent to any one person in the same day shall not exceed one hundred and twenty galions; and the officer granting such permit shall therein express the same to be double (pints, and shall debit the (lock of such rectifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders, or dealer or dealers, at the rate of two hundred gallons of British spirits for every one hundred gallons of spirits of wine for which such permit shall be granted.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore rectifiers not said. That in all cases'where the strength of any part of the ftrc^th of f any rectifier or rectifiers, or compounder or compoun

ix^xedvpirits fers spirits, by being mixed with any sugar, syrup, seeds, on casks, or fruit, or any other ingredients or materials, cannot be easily marking them ascertained by the hydrometer, such rectifier or rectifiers, of forfdt^the0 compounder or compounders, shall, upon twelve hours notice feme^and^ol* given him ty such officer or officers, cause the true quantity and* degree

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73. ^20}

degree of strength of such spirits, so mixed, to be legibly marked on the outside of the case or cases, or vessel or vessels, containing the same respectively; and if the strength of such spirits shall be found to have been limruly marked by such reifier or rectifiers, or compounder or compounders, on the outside of such case or cases, or vessel or vessels, or if he, she, or they shall, upon such twelve hours notice given as aforesaid, neglect to mark the quantity and degree of strength of such spirits, as aforesaid, such spirits, fyro.p, seeds, fruit, and other ingredients, together with the cases and vessels containing the same, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise; such reifier or compounder, or redhfiers or compounders, shall also, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pouqds.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any British spirits (other than and except raw reified fpi* or unrectified spirits, or spirits of wine which have been law ^custcrf fully received by permit, according to the directions of this act, dealer or of an act passed in this session of parliament, intituled An act not yre&i to discontinue, for a limited time, the several duties payable in Scot for, to be for land upon low wines and spirits, and upon worts, wash, and other stron^erthaa liquors there used in the distillation of spirits, and for granting to his onetrteight Majesty other duties in lieu thereof), or any mixture of British under hydro spirits with foreign spirits, shall be found in the custody of any metre proof dealer or dealers in spirits, not being a rectifier or compounder

of British spirits, exceeding the strength of one in eight under hydrometer proof, the same, together with the cases and vessels Containing the same, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of fcxcise.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

That if any distiller or distillers, rectifier or rectifiers, com Spirituous pounder or compounders of, or dealer or dealers in spirituous liquors kep liquors, shall have, occupy, or use different entered warehouses .^parate or places for the keeping of any spirituous liquors, or strong r

waters, and which shall not be under the same roof, or shall be veyedasfe* separated from each other by the intervention of any land, pre parate docks, mises, buildings, or otherwise howsoever, the flocks of spirituous liquors in such entered warehouses or places shall or mayv if the officer or officers (under whose survey such flock or flocks shall be) deem it expedient, be deemed and taken to be separate nd distinct flocks, and the same shall and may be surveyed and kept account of by the officer and officers of excise accord ingly, in the same manner as if the same belonged to different persons

And to the intent that the officers of excise may the more conveniently examine intoy and give proof (if necessary) of the strength and quality of any british spirits for home consumption, be it Persont Wa further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers of excise, at all fampfes, pay times, to take any (ample or samples, not exceeding four gal ing for the Jims respectively, of any spirits wb^fb^ver, at any Spirits produced from stills at work when stocks are taken, to be afterwards added.

Penalty on using calks not entered or gauged, etc.

Persons not filling up Calks on notice of Turkey, or not

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73. [ijsfi,

In the custody or possession of any distiller or distillers, maker or makers, rechfier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders of spirits, or dealer or dealers in spirits, paying for fuh sample or samples, at and after the rate of seven Shillings by the gallon for such sample or samples of British spirits, and at and after the rate of thirteen Shillings by the gallon for such sample or samples of foreign spirits: and if any person or persons whatsoever shall obstruct or hinder any such officer or officers in the taking any such sample or samples, such person or persons shall for every such offence forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any (till shall happen to be charged, and at work at the time of such officer's taking account of the stock of any distiller or distillers, maker or makers, rectifier or rectifiers, or compounder or compounders of spirits, to whom such (till shall belong, then, and in every such case, all the spirits produced from that charge of the (till shall be kept separate and apart from the rest of such stock till the account of the rest of such stock shall have been completely taken, after which the spirits produced from that charge shall be added to such (lock.

XXXVIII. And, for enabling the officers of excise the more readily to take the several accounts by this act directed\ be it further enacted, That all (landing or fixed casks used for the keeping in stock of any British brandy, rectified British spirits, raw sin tish spirits, British compounds, or other spirits, shall, on or before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, or if erected or setup after that time, then before the same shall be made use of, be entered at the proper office of excise, and be truly gauged and inched to the satisfaction of the proper officer or officers of excise, upon pain of forfeiture, by the owner or owners thereof, of the sum of one hundred pounds for every such cask which shall be used without having been duly entered, gauged, and inched, as aforesaid, and alfp of every such cask, with the liquor contained therein; and that every movable cask used for the sending out or keeping of British brandy, rectified British spirits, raw British spirits, British compounds, or other, spirits, by any maker, rectifier, compounder, or dealer in British spirits for home consumption, shall have its full measure in galions, or the quantity of liquor it is capable of containing, legibly painted or cut on some conspicuous part thereof, upon pain that the owner of any movable cask soused, not having such full measure or such quantity painted or cut, or the person sending out the same, shall forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds for every such' default, omission, or offence,

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if a previous notice of twelve hours in writing be given or left, hythe officer or officers of excise under whose survey any distiller or distillers, rectifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders of, or dealer or dealers'in, British spirits, shall

at

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73.'

at any time be, of such officer or officers intention to take an account of any stock of British brandy, rectified British spirits, raw British spirits, British compounds, or other spirits respectively, of or belonging to any such distiller or distillers; rectifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders of, dr dealer or dealers in, British spirits, such distiller or distillers, rectifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders of, or dealer or dealers in, British spirits, shall, within such twelve hours, fill up, or cause to be filled up, all and every his, her, or their movable casks or utensils containing any British spirits, and which shall not be completely filled at the time of such notice being given, save and except that one of such movable casks or utensils may remain on ullage with British brandy therein, another thereof on ullage with rectified British spirits therein, another thereof on ullage with raw British spirits therein, another thereof on ullage with british compounds therein, and another thereof on ullage with spirits of wine therein; and such distiller or distillers, rectifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders of, or dealer or dealers in, British spirits, shall also separate all such movable casks and utensils Containing British brandy, from all other casks and utensils whatsoever, and keep the same so separated for the space of six hours: next after the; expiration of such twelve hours; and shall in like manner separate all such movable casks and utensils containing rectified British spirits from all other casks and utensils whatsoever, and in like manner keep the same so separate for the^space of six hours next after the expiration of such twelve hours; and shall also in like manner separate all such movable casks and utensils containing raw British spirits from all other casks and utensils whatsoever, and in like manner keep the same so separate for the space of six hours next after the expiration of such twelve hours; and shall in like manner separate all such movable casks and utensils containing British compounds from all other casks and utensils whatsoever, and in like manner keep the same so separate for the space of six hours next after the expiration of such twelve hours; and shall in like manner separate all such movable casks and utensils containing spirits of wine from all other casks and utensils whatsoyer, and in like manner keep the same so separate for the space of six hours next after the expiration of such twelve hours; to the intent that such officer may be able to take such stock with the greater ease and certainty; and if such distiller or distillers, rectifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders of, or dealer or dealers in spirits, shall or do, after such notice, neglect or refuse to fill up, or cause to, be filled up, any such movable calk or utehfil, according to the directions of this act, or shall neglect f refuse to separate all such movable casks and utensils con raining such British brandy, rectified British spirits, or British spirits, British compounds, and spirits of wine respectively, or to keep the same separate from all other casks and utensils whatsoever, according to the directions of this act, such distiller or distillers, rectifier or rectifiers, compounder or compounders of.

rc*

keeping different sorts of spirits separate, to forfeit rool.


73. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73; [1786.

or dealer or dealers in spirits, shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds'

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Particulars That in every permit for the removal of any raw British spirits, In permits^truty specified immediately after the

p*name of the person out of whosestock such spirits shall be sent whether such person be a distiller or maker, or a redtifier, or a maker and redtifier, or a dealer in spirits; that no permit, (ave only the permit from the actual distiller or maker of such raw spirits in England (such distiller or maker not being also a reifier for home consumption, or a compounder of spirits), and the permit accompanying British spirits, whether raw, rectified, or compounded, legally brought from Scotland, shall carry with it, or entitle any redtifier or compounder, or dealer, to any allowance for the same in flock beyond the actual quantity of the spirits removed by virtue of such permit: provided Notice of the always, that every dealer or dealers, redtifier or rectifiers, com receipt of fpi pounder or compounders, after receiving any rectified or com fromscofland p?un(kd spirits legally brought from Scotland, shall be obliged, to be given; within twenty-four hours after the receipt of such spirits, to and if not*give notice thereof to the proper officer, who is hereby obliged, properly re within twenty-four hours after such notice, to attend to see forfeited b.c.pir*ts educed to the strength as by this act provided for

such rectified or compounded spirits as aforesaid; and if such redtifier, compounder, or dealer, shall refuse or neglect, at the request of the officer, to reduce such spirits as aforesaid, such spirits shall be seized, forfeited, and lost,

XLI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid Mode of ap That all persons intitled to or demanding any permit for the permits and removal of British brandy, rectified British spirits, raw British penalty'on spirits, spirits of wine, or British compounds, for home con

neglect. fumption, shall in the request note specify the respective trades or callings, specifying whether they are distillers, rectifiers* compounders, or dealers in British spirits, and also the quantity of each such respective sort of British spirits intended to be removed, (and if such person or persons shall have, occupy, or life di fferent entered warehouses or places for the keeping of any British spirits, and which shall not be under the same roof, or be separated from each other by the intervention of any land premises, or buildings, or otherwise howsoever, from what particular warehouse, storehouse, room, (hop, cellar, vault or other place, the same is intended to be removed), and to whom the same is intended to be sent; and such request note shall also specify whether such British spirits, so intended to be removed, are British brandy, rectified British spirits, raw Brkijk spirits, spirits of wine, or British compounds and shall also distinguish raw British spirits made from corn from raw British spirits made from melasses orsugar, or any other materials, and shall also specify the contents of the several casks, vessels and other packages containing the same, and by what mode of conveyance the same is intended to be sent, and whether by land

I

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. f j; f

or by water ? and tin permit shall tie Valid or of any effet^y the same shall be granted on any request note not made conformable to the directions of this at; and all such ispirits which shall be removed under a description not conformable to this a, or under any' false description, together with the caflcs, vessels, and other packages containing the same, and the horses, cattle, carrs, and other carriages used in the removal thereof,

shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be fei&ed by any officer or officers of excise.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That every permit to be Permits to granted by any officer of excise, for the removal of any British correspond spirits, shall be shade to correspond, in respect to the particulars note^and to aforesaid, with therequest note whereon the same shall be grant delivered ed, and such permit shall be sent and delivered with such spirits to the buyer, unto the buyer thereof, upon pain that such spirits shall (; if the on penalty of same be not seized in the transit for want of a lawful permit ac companying the same), be forfeited to the buyer thereof, and et pin*the seller rendered incapable of recovering the same, w the Value or price thereof, in any court of law or equity $ and also that the seller shall, over and besiderthe loss of the said: spirits, forfeit and lose double the value of or price agreed to be paid sot the same, including the duties, and that the evidence of the buyer or person receiving the said spirits shall, as to such forfeiture of double the value or price, be admitted to prove that the same were delivered without a lawful permit.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority if it be proved aforesaid, That when any suit or atftion shall be commenced, that a permit or any information filed or exhibited either against the seller for !vas obtained recovery of the forfeiture of such double value or price or against the buyer for the recovery of the said spirits, or the va they shall be lue thereof; and upon the trial or hearing of any such suit, sc deemed to tien, or inforrnation respectively, the delivery of a proper permitto the buyer shall become a question, it shall be sufficient for the seller to prove that a lawful permit was duly obtained by p* him for the removal of such spirits into the flock of the buyer thereof, and that there had been a fuifable decrease in the feller's, flock to answer the quantity of such spirits so removed and delivered; and upon making out such proof, such spirits shall be adjudged to have been sent out and delivered with a lawful permit, according to the true intent and meaning of this act: provided also. That no buyer of any such British spirits shall Buyers prefer avail himself of any such forfeiture as aforesaid, unless such buyer for

shall, within fourteen days next after the delivery of the said spirits to him, her, or them, exhibit a complaint or informa vered without t: on before the commissioners of excise or justices of the peace, permits, to having jurisdiction in that behalf, and forthwith prosecute the exhibitcom* same with effect; and when any such buyer shall, before the de*

of such spirits, have actually paid for the same, and shall y*prosecute the seller for the said penally of double the value, and shall recover the same, then, and in such case, thetaid buyer shall and may hav and maintain his aion upon the case ar Vol. XXXV Gcc common

4 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. <73, [1 f.

common-law against such seller for the money so paid, or for fa much money had and received by the defendant for the plaintiff's use; upon obtaining a verdict in such action, the plaintiff (hah also recover costs of suit.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Benomirra That ail; British spirits of the third extraction, or which have of different een twee distilled from low wines, and have had any flavour distillatio8r communicated thereto, and all liquors whatsoever which shall be mixed or mingled with any such spirits, shall be deemed and r taken to be British brandy within the meaning of this act; and

all British spirits of the third extraction, or which shall have been twice distilled from low wines, and have had no flavour communicated thereto, and all liquors whatsoever which shall be mixed or mingled with any such spirits, shall be deemed and taken to be rectified British spirits within the meaning of this act; and all British spirits of the second extraction, or which (half have been once distilled from low wines, and all liquors whatsoever which shall be mixed or mingled with any such spirits, shall be deemed and taken to be raw British spirits within the meaning of this act; and all British spirits which shall have been distilled with juniper berries, carraway seeds anice seeds, or anyothfcr seeds, preparation or ingredient whatsoever u fed in the compounding of spirits, and all liquors whatsoever which shall; be mixed or mingled with any such British spirits, shall be'deemed and taken to be British com, within the meaning of this act; and all British spirits

of a greater or higher degree of strength than one to two over 4*hydrometer proof, shall be deemed and taken to be spirits of

Pfoofoffpi wine within the meaning of this act.; and if any question shall rits removed, arise whether any spirits removed by any permit; are bona fide described in British brandy, rectified spirits, raw spirits, spirits of wine,

the permit, to or compounds, as are described and specified in the permit ac he upon the companying: the same, or granted for the removal thereof, air owners. though such spirits (hold appear to have been kept in the officer's books, or account of the dock from which such spirits wrei'removed, by the same name or description as is specified in: stich. the proof of such spirits being really and born, fid&\of; ithe sort specified in such permit, shall be upon the owner or claimer thereof by the oaths of two credible witnesses, being skilful and experienced peffons competent to decide by ex. aminafion thereof.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore -- Persona frau said, That if any distiller maker, rectifier, compounder or retailer> or distillers, rectifiers, compounders, or re ini spirits, Cto tailers of British or foreign spirits, or any dealer in Britishx or forfeit their foreign spirits, shall, after the first day of February, one thou licences, sand seven hundred and eighty seven, be convicted of the offence of fraudulently making, or of having ki his, her, or their possefbon, any spirits whatsoever, British, or foreign, without having received a legal permit with the fmp, and it shall have a - y appearqi

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73.' 735;

appeared in proof, to the fatfsfaction of the commissioners of excise, or justices of the peace before whom such conviction shall be made, that the offence was knowingly anti wilfully committed by the party convicted of the same, which fact of such offence being knowingly and wilfully committed shall b set forth in, the record of fuel) conviction; in every such case the offender or offenders, t (over and besides all other penalties incurred by jaw) shall forfeit and be debarred from ail future benefit; and advantage of his or their subsisting licence or licences for making rectifying, or vending any spirits or other 'liquors 5 and, if, speh offender (half be a maker, distiller, rectifier, or compounder of spirits, or wholesale dealer in spirits his or her entry 0$ entries, licence or licences' for the making, rectifying, compounding, or vending of spirits, shall be void, and no nevsf pr fresh licence shall be granted to such person for the space of one month.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, kegiiiations That no maker, rectifier, or compounder, or makers, recti relative to the fiers, or compounders of spirits, shall receive into his, her, or^f vessels their custody or possession, any raw british spirits in any calk or r^spirhs^ vessel of a less size or content than that of one hundred gal and times of Ions at, the least; shall any distiller, rectifier, or com rectified fpi, pounder, or distillers, rectifiers, or compounders of spirits, nor nts any dealer or dealers in spirits receive into his, her, or their receiv*custody or possession any Britify brandy, rectified British spirits, raw British spirits, British compounds, or spirits of wiffe, at any other time than between the hours herein mentioned; (that is to say), from the twenty fifth day of March to the twenty 1

ninth day of September, both inelusive, between the hours of Aye in the morning and seven in the evening, and from the thirtieth day of September, to the twenty-fourth day of March*both days inohifive, between the hours of seven in the morning and six in the evening; and when and so often as any raw Penalty oirre british spirits'be received in any calk or vessel of a less ceiving spirits content or size than such as is before mentioned; or if any such n improper distiller recftfier, compounder, or dealer, or distillers, recti proper at fiers, compounders; dealers, shall so receive. any British hours.

: brandy, rectified British spirits, ra: w British spirits, British compounds, or spirits of wine, at any other time than is hereinbefore for that purpose limited, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such offence forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds; andall such British brandy, rectified British spirits, raw British {pimtsy British compounds, and spirits of wine, which shall be foreceived contrary to the prohibition herein before in that behalf made and contained, together with the casks and vessels containing th same, and such British. brandy, rectified British spirits, raw British spirits, British compounds, casks, and vessels, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise

XL

VII. And whereas a manufacture of spirits, commonly called Maidstone Geneva is established at Maidstone, in the county of -

Cccz Kent

73$ Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73. [1786.

Kent, by George Bishop of that place, which manufacture is ef jentially different from any aether manufacture of spirits in Great Britain, as well with respect to the quality of the liquor as to the process by which it is made: and whereas the said manufacture requires so large a proportion of waft) to produce a given quantity of feaure^of fp*r*ts* as to ren&er u impossible to continue the said manufacture, if Maidlionc ge rates f duties herein before prefmbed by this act be collected on neva to pay each gallon of waft); be it therefore further enacted by the au-88. for every thority aforesaid, That, during the continuance of this

there shall be paid by the said George Bishop, for every seventy two gallons of wah which he shall produce from a weight of malt, or other corn, including the bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve pounds, the sum of eighteen Shillings, being at the rate of threepence per gallon.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore corn, a credit That for every one hundred and twelve pounds weight of to be allowed malt, or other corn, before the same is Separated from the bran of eight gal thereof, soused by the said George Bishop, he shall be allowed a'o^one in*nt8 cre^'t> the books of the proper officer or officers of excise, of seven under not more than eight gallons of spirits, at the strength of one in seven under hydrometer proof.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said George Bishop shall not sell of send out any spirits whatsoever, of a greater degree of strength than that or one in seven under hydrometer proof; and if the said George bishop shall sell or send out any spirits whatsoever, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this at, such spirits, together with the calks and vessels containing the same, and the horses, cattle, carts, and carriages inde use of in tyre removal thereof, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise. 1 ;

L And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Undue excess That if on calling up the (lock of the said George Bishop, the of stock to be officer Of excise shall find the quantity of fjmtife contained in such (lock, to exceed the quantity for which the said George Bishop is entitled to credit, at the strength of WIN seven under hydrometer proof, after deducing and allowing for the quantity of spirits for which permits shall have been granted to the said George Bishop, then, and in every such case, the exeefs found shall be forfeited and lost, and (haftl and may be Seized by any officer or officers of excise.

LI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That before the said George Bishop shall make use of any malt cr corn, for the purpose of making any wort or wash, he shall give twelve hours notice in writing to the proper officer of excise, of his intention to use the same, in order that the said officer may attend to weigh such malt or corn; and if the said George Bishop hall neglect to give such notice as aforesaid, he shall, for every such neglect, forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds

gallons of wash made from not more than nalb. of corn.

For every nalb. of

hydrometer

proof.

If spirits be Wronger than one to seven under hydrometer proof, they are forfeited.

forfeited.,

Notice of making wort at the said manufactory to be given, on penalty of aoo

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. fc. 73. 737

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the purpose of enabling the proper officer of excise to A still to be ascertain the strength of the wah oa which the duty as afore provided at said shall have been charged, the said George Bishop shall provide nu^aor^to in his distillery House at Maidstone aforesaid, a/mall still with a enable the worm and tub complete, of a iize sufficient to distill at one time officer to af twenty-four gallons of wash, and which quantity of wash such certain the officer is hereby empowered to take and distill for the purpose

aforesaid, when and as often as he shall think fit; and if twenty-four gallons of wash so distilled shall be found to produce more than two gallons and three fourth parts of a gallon of spirits, at the strength of one in seven under hydrometer proof, then the whole quantity of wash from which such twenty-four gallons were taken, shall be charged with a duty of one shilling per gallon.

Lilt. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons actually occupying any house, Occupiers of whether he, she, or they be the owner or renter, or owners or houses, per renters thereof, or not, shall knowingly permit any private back or still to be setup or used in any part of such house, or without eit in any building thereto belonging, by any person or persons try and LI whomsoever for the making or wort, wash, or other liquor for cence, subject distillation, or of any low wines or spirits, without a due entry to th like being previously made thereof at the proper office of excise, or unhcenfed8 without having taken out a legal licence for that purpose, such distillers. occupier shall incur and be subject: to the same pains and penalties as are by law directed to be inflicted of persons actually using any such back or still.

LIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no Retailers of person licensed to sell brandy or other spirits by retail, or selling spirits to for brandy or other spirits by retail, shall be the proprietor or owner^aave an of any distillery or rectifying house, or have apy part or share in je otany*any distillery or rectifying house, or be in any manner con distillery. cerned in the trade or business of a distiller, rectifier, or compounder of spirits; and if any such person so licensed, or so selling brandy, rum, or other spirits, by retail, shall be the proprietor or owner of any distillery or rectifying house, or have any part or share in any distillery or rectifying house, or be in any manner concerned in the trade or business of a distiller, rectifier, or compounder of spirits, such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and dose the sum of two hundred pounds.

LV. And whereas great frauds have been committed by persons carrying on in the same premises the joint business of a vinegar maker from melasses. or sugar, and distiller of spirits from wa/b or wort made from melasses or sugar, or the joint business of a vinegar maker from melasses or sugar, and a rectifier or compounder of spirits; for the preventing thereof in future, be it further enacted, That, vinegar make from and after the first day of February, one thousand seven ers not to hundred and eighty seven, it shall not be lawful for any person ^famvore. parrying on the trade or'business of a vinegar maker from me mises a distill

C C C 3 lasses lery.

73 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73.

[178-6;

Uffes or sugar, or from any other materials, except malt or corn, to carry on, either alone or in partnership, the trade or business of a distiller, or maker or rectifies of spirits, in the buildings or premises in which such person shall carry on the trade of a vinegar maker from any other materials than malt or corn, or within the distance of two miles thereof, and that all entries made for the carrying on the trade or business of a distiller, or maker or rectifier of spirits, contrary hereto, shall be null and void.

LVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, From Aug. i, That before any person or persons shall be entitled, after the first tries of^vine one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, to

gar makers to carry on ie trace a vinegar maker, he, she, or they shall be void, unmake an entry with the proper officer of excise of the brewhouse, less therein be buildings, yard, or place for the carrying on such trade, and that mateh^als^n, and a future entries made by any vinegar maker or frotii which vinegar makers, it shall be declared and specified whether he, the vinegar is (he, or they be a maker or makers of vinegar from malt or corn, jmade. or from melasses or sugar, or from any and what other materials;

and that every entry not conformable thereto shall be void; and that all entries made by vinegar makers on or before the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, shall, from and immediately after that day, become void, and be no longer in force.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No mixed That no person or persons: whaffbever shall fell.onfend out any spirits to be British spirits mixed with foreign spirits from their warehouses, creatervuan ftrehouses, rooms, (hops, cellars, vaults,: (beds or other tity than four places to him, her, or them belonging, in any greater quart galions, on Uity than four galions, upon pain of forfeiting,: for every suchr penalty of 501.' offence, the sum of fifty pounds.

V JL.VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

If more than That no foreign brandy, rum, arrack, or other foreign spirits fgre^nfsif or ^rgas waters, exceeding the quantity of sixty galions, shall rusbebroulght he brought within the limits of the chief office of excise in to London at London, by one permit, or by. one conveyance; at one and the once, except same time, from any other part of England, or from Wales, or 1 kcrtei^ Lerwick upon Tweed, either by land or water, save and except o e or eite r only by the way of gra^efend^ to the port of London, in the legal and ordinary course of commerce, on pain of being seized and forfeited. j

LIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,. Oct. r. That, from and after the first day of October, one thousand brfn^in11'fv even hundred and eighty six, no foreign spirituous liquors rustn^asks'whatever (except rum of the growth or produce of that British of less than plantations, and arrack) shall be imported or brought into 100 galions, Great Britain, or into any port, harbour, haven, or creek (except rum thereof, in any vessel or calk which shall contain less than one to be^orfeited hundred gallons at the lead (excepting only for the use of the and the LI seamen then belonging to and on board the ship or vessel iq, which the same shall be imported, not exceeding two galions, .' ."* '.. h " " 1'for

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73; 739-

for each seaman), upon pain of forfeiting such foreign spirituous liquors, and also the ship or vessel in which the same shall be so imported, of whatever burden the same may be, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel,

LX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of November, one After Nov. r, thousand seven hundred and eighty six, no person or persons786, spirits whatsoever shall import into the kingdom of Great Britain any stron^r^haa foreign brandy, arrack, rum, spirits, or strong waters whatso one to a; northeast ever, of a greater or higher degree of strength than that of one over hydro to nine over hydrometer proof; and if any foreign brandy, metre proof arrack, rum, spirits, or strong. waters, shall be imported of any greater or higher degree of strength than as aforesaid, the tations/tb same shall be forfeited and lost, together with the cases and be forfeited packages containing the same, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise; provided always, That nothing herein before contained ih9.ll extend, or be deemed or construed. to extend, to the forfeiture of any rum, or spirits of the growth, produce and manufacture of the Bri II sugar plantations, for being imported into this kingdom, of any greater degree than that of one to nine over hydrometer proof.

LXL. And whereas the quantities of wort, wash, or other liquor, produced to the officers of ex rise at several distilleries taken for a given time, have occasionally fallen Short of the quantities which the Jiills and utensils belonging to such disiilleries were, according to the ordinary course of Affiliation, capable of working within the same given time, and, there is reason to fujpeft that considerable quantities of wort wash, findfither liquor, have been fraudulently worked at such disiilleriesi in prejudice of his Majesty's revenue, and to the manifest injury of the fair trader; for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That, from and after the first: day of August, one Quantities of thousand seven hundred and eighty six, every entered wah still, belonging to any distiller or distillers, or maker or makers be 3 of spirits from malt or corn, for home consumptioa, during the presumed to time the same shall be worked, shall be presumed to have been be charged, charged with wall, in the proportion of three parts in four of during the the content or capacity of such (till, including the head thereof, ing^tc?0* according to the average rates herein after expressed and speci*fied; (that is to say). For such time or times a such wah (till shall be worked betwixt the fifteenth day of November inelusive, in any one year, and the fifteenth day of May exclusive, in the next Tucceeding year, every such wail still shall be presumed to have been charged as aforesaid at the average rate of five times.

in every week; and for such time or times as the same shall be worked betwixt the fifteenth day of May inelusive, in any one year, and the fifteenth day of November exclusive, in the same year, every such wafti still shall be presumed to have been charged as aforesaid at the average rate of four times in every week,

Cccf LXII And

No entry to be withdrawn after a (till ill all have begun working, in less ttyan three months

After three p oaths, entries may be withdrawn on giving notice.

commissioo erk of excise 'may grant relief where the prefiimed charges of duty exceed the actual quantity of Wife.

No tills that have difeoh tinned work, ing to recommence without giving notice, on penalty of aool.

Regulations with regard to seizures made

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73. [1786.

LXII. And be it further enacted, Thar, from and after the said first day of August, every such wash Rill, after the working thereof shall have commenced and been begun, shall be presumed to be kept regularly in work sat the sparce of three calendar months successively, at the lead, to be computed from Jthe day of the actual working thereof; and no person or persons who shall have begun to work any wah "Hill shall be at liberty to discontinue or withdraw the entry of any such (till after the working thereof shall have commenced and been begun, until the expiration of the said term of three calendar months, to be computed as aforesaid.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when the owner or owners of any wah dill shall be inclined to discontinue working the same, such owner or owners shall be at liberty so to do at any time after the end and expiration of the said three calendar months, to be computed as aforesaid, upon giving notice in writing, four days at lead, to the officer of the district or place, of such his, her, or their intention, and expressing in such notice the day on which the working of such dill is intended to be discontinued.

LXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if it shall at any time be made appear, by sufficient proof upon oath, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of excise, thtfuf* ficiency of such proof being left to the judgement of the said of, that the difference or excess in the amount of the preemptive charges of the dill, beyond the quantity of wort, wah, or other liquor, actually produced to the sight of the officer was occasioned or (half have arisen by unavoidable necessity, and that all the wort, wash, and other liquor worked off at such wash dill, was bona fide produced to the sight of the officer; then, and in every such case, it shall be lawful for the commissioners of excise and they are hereby required to grant ito the owner or owners of such wash dill such relief as shall in their judgement be reasonable nd jud.;

L2V; be it further enacted, That when and so often as the owner or owners of any such dills who shall have discontinued working the same in the manner aforesaid, shall be inclined to recommence the working thereof, such owner or owners shall signify such his, her, or their intention to the officer of excise by notice in writing, four days at the lead next antecedently to the day whereon such working is intended to be renewed, (which day shall be specified in such notice); and if any such owner or owners, or other person or persons, shall recommence such working without such notice being given as is herein before directed, he, she, or they, shall Forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

LXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That all arrack and rum, and all home made and foreign brandy, compounds, and other spirits of what kind soeverj which, between the tenth day of o^iober^ one thousand feveii 1 ', hundred

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73. 741

hundred and eighty-four, and the fifth day of July, one thou between Oft sand; feveti hundred and eighty six, have been, or may be,* I and seized and condemned, and are now remaining in his majesty's warehouses, or may be deposited therein previous to the said fifth day of July, and which were, by the said acts, made in the twenty-fourth year of his said majesty's reign, directed to be staved and destroyed, shall be valued by such persons, and in such manner and form, as the respective of of the Customs in England and Scotland, or the major part of them, respectively, in cases of seizures made by the officers of the customs, and as the respective commissioners of excise in England and Scotland, or the major, part of them respectively, in cases of seizures made by the officers of excise, shall; direct; and that after such valuation, the same, or any part thereof, shall, at the discretion of the said respective of, or the major part of them respectively, be either staved and destroyed, except in such cases 'where it shall appear, to the said respective of of the customs and excise in England and Scotland respectively, or the major part of them respectively, that such condemned spirits are proper to be disposed of to or for any of the uses or purposes herein after mentioned 5 that is to say, to or for the use of his majesty's navy or army, or of the crews of ships or vessels employed in the service of the revenue of customs or excise, or of his majesty's garrisons abroad, or for exportation to foreign parts, or for consumption on board of any ships or vessels going upon foreign voyages, in which two last mentioned cases, the same shall be shipped under the like security for the due exportation or consumption thereof respectively as aforesaid, as is required in the case of spirits which may be lawfully exported or shipped for consumption on hip board, and shall be subject to re seizure and re condemnation in case of being relanded; and the persons relanding the same shall be subject to the like pains and penalties as they respectively would have been subject to for tt*e same in case such spirits had been made, or originally intended and shipped for exportation or for consumption on shipboard, a aforesaid: provided always, That whenever it shall be judged expedient hythe said respective of that such spirits shall be sold for any of the purposes before mentioned, the said of shall, and they are hereby required respectively to certify the facts and circumstances of the (eizure and condemnation of such spirits, and the quantity thereof, with their opinion to fr for which of the uses or purposes herein before mentioned the same may be properly applied, unto the lord high treasurer, or lords of of the treasury, or any three of them for the time being, who is and are hereby authorised and empowered, from time to time, to make such orders for the application or disposal thereof to or for any of the said purposes, as they in their judgement shall think fit.

LXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore officers who said. That upon the officer or officers who shall have seized have made

any such seizure

74. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73. [1786.

to receive the ar>y such arrack, rum, brandy, compounds, or other spirits, Rowing producing a satisfactory certificate or proof of the condemnation ains, viz. and valuation thereof, and of the securing the same as aforesaid, unto the said respective of, the said respective of are hereby authorised and required to diredi the receiver-general of the customs, or the proper officers of excise, as the case may be, to pay to such officer, within twenty days after producing such certificate, out of any of the duties in their respective receipt or collection, the several sums For every following > (that is to say),

gallon of aro \ j

Sandy, r&c. For every gallon.of arrack, cordials, or French brandy, of

of the strength the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and foin of one to ten proportion for any higher or lower degree of strength, the sura of two Shillings and sixpence;

For every gallon of other foreign brandy, or of foreign geneva, or rum, in proportion to the strength thereof as aforesaid, the sum of two Shillings and twopence.

for every gallon of other spirits, British or foreign, of what kind soever, in proportion to the strength thereof as afore to its'ssrength, said, the sum of two filings, as. ad. t \

Which said sums shall be in lieu and satisfaction of all other rewards whatsoever (the charges of fpizure, removal, andcon demnation? only excepted), any law, Statute, or usage, to the pohtfary notwithstanding.

xjtyjif And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the moneys arising from the said rates and du'ties mtrrauues hereby imposed, shall, from time to time, be raised, levied, Rod to belaid and paid, at such time and times as the aforesaid du

imo the ex tie/jjpon low wines and spirits, made for home copfumption, and hereby discontinued, have usually been, or ought tp have beep, or are directed to be raised, levied, collected, or paid; and that all the moneys whatsoever arising from the rates and duties hereby imposed, shall be paid into the receipt of the exchequer by the commissioners of excise, and shall be appropriated send, applied in manner following; that is to say, Five sixth paris hereof, to and for the several and the same uses and pur pp/es as the said rates and duties on low wines, and spirits hereby discontinued, were by the several as for granting, impgfipg, and appropriating the same, directed to be appropriated and applied respectively 5. and the remaining part thereof shall be car npd^tb and made part of the fund, commonly called The sink /vg Fundy and shall be applicable to the same uses and purposes Vs J fie said sinking fund is now applicable.unto.

LIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, XH' all the powers, 'authorities, methods, rules, directions, regulations., penalties, forfeitures, provisions, clauses, matters, and things/ which in or by any act or acts of parliament ret Jpting to the duties, upon low wines and spirits for home con fuoption, or to his majesty's duties of excise upon spiriruou$

liquors

ver hydro metre proof, 6d.

For every gallon of other foreign brandy, etc. in proportion

For every gallon of other spirits,

x>ntte8 to be levied as former duties.

chequer.

Appropriation of duties.

Provisions of former as extended to this.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73. 743

liquors or strong waters, in force at the time of passing of the said act, made in the twenty-fourth year of his said majesty's reign, are contained, provided, settled, of established, forma' naging, a(tefsing, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, adjudging mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, or securing the rates or duties thereby iatposed, and for preventing, detecting, and punching frauds relating thereto, not being expressly altered, repealed, changed or controlled by this act, or not being repugnant to any of the matters, clauses, provisions, or regulations in this act contained, shall be and continue in full force, and be duly observed, practised, applied, used, and put in execution, throughout England, in and for the managing, assessing, raising, levying, collecting, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, and securing the said several duties by this act imposed, and for preventing, deteding, and punishing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, methods, rules, directions, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, provisions, clauses, matters, and things, had been expressly inserted and re enacted in this act.

LXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced General f(tue* against any person or persons, for any matter or thing done by any officer or officers of the customs or excise, or any others acting in his or their aid, in the execution of, or by reason of his or their office, under the authority, or by colour of this act, such action or suit shall be brought or commenced within three months next after the cause of action shall have arisen, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the county or place where the fads were committed, and not in any other county or place, unless otherwise directed by the special rule or order of the court wherein such action shall be depending, and the defendant or defendants shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, oraheir action or suit, or if, upon a verdict or demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have such remedies for the same as any defendant or defendants can or may haverin other cases.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid v That if any distiller or maker, or distillers or makers, of Persons ob low wines or spirits, or redifier or compounder, or redifiers or Their

compounders of, or dealer or dealers in, spirits or strong waters, duty, to for. or any workman vokfervapfc belonging to him, her, or them, feit 200l. shallobftrud or aflauit, rfefifti oppose, molest, or hinder any officer or officers of excise in the due execution of the several powers and authorities given or granted to such officer or officers by this or any other ad now in force, relating to distillers, redifiers, dr compounders of spirits, or to dealers in spirits or ftroqg waters, every, such distiller or maker, redifier, compounder,

744

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73. {i?86,

pounder, or dealer shall, except in such cases for which any other penalty or penalties are hereinbefore directed, forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum'df two hundred pounds

LXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Howpenalties That all penalties and forfeitures imposed by this act shall be covered and recovered levied, and mitigated, by such ways, means,

applied. or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or may be sued for, recovered, or levied, or mitigated, by any law or Jaws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at iveflminster; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him, her, or them who shall discover, inform, or sue for the same. Persons sued

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That far penalties no person, who shall be sued or prosecuted for any of the penal aa^not^iable ties ar forfeitures imposed by this act, shall be liable to any to thepenal 6 penalty or forfeiture imposed for the same offence by any sorties of former mer aft; nor shall any person who shall be sued or prosecuted acts. C for any penalty or forfeiture imposed by any former act, be liable to any penalty or forfeiture imposed for the same offence by this present act.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore act to conti That this act shall commence and take effect, as to'all

for^ear*6 matters and things therein contained, in respect whereof

from Aug. i, no special commencement is hereby directed or provided, from7s6 and immediately after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and shall remain 2nd continue in force, as to all such matters and things therein contained, in respect Whereof it is not hereby otherwise directed, for the space of two years, to be computed from that day.

LXX V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Act Geo. That the said act made in the said twenty-fourth year of the repealed, reign his present Majesty, other than and except so much and except such such parts thereof as vest in his Majesty, or relate to or concern parts as relate the duties of excise within the lands of Ferintosh, in the county yto lands of of Inverness or regard an exemption from the payment thereof, re^rs of du for e mak*ng of any contrast, agreement, or trial, thereby jits, and pe. authorised in respect to the said duties of exemptions; and also pities. other than and except in respect to the arrears of any of the rates and duties in and by the said last mentioned act charged, granted, or imposed, and which, at the commencement of this act, 'shall remain dqe and unpaid, or to any penalty or forfeiture, or penalties or forfeitures, incurred in respect thereof, or under pr by virtue of the said act; and also.except so far as the said last mentioned act is not already repealed by any otheraft of the present session of parliament, shall tre, rand the same is, from and after the commencement of this act, repealed.

LXXVI. And whereas by an act made in the nineteenth year of Act 19 Geo. 3. the reign of his present Majesty (entitled An act for granting to t. sand his Majesty additional duties on the produce of the several duties under the management of the respective of of

the

74 5

I

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 73.

the castoms and excise in Great Britain), an additional impostor duty after the rate of five pounds per centum, was granted upon the product and amount of all he several subsides, imposts, and other duties y of what kind or nature soever they might be, which were thert due and payable to his Majesty, and were collected in this kingdom, under that management and direction of the respective of of the customs in Great Britain, ir and upon any goods and merchandizes imported into or exported fro?n, or carried coastwise into Great Britain; which said additional impofi or duty was charged upon the amount of the said former subsides, impofis, and other duties, after the usual discounts and other allowances had been made and deduced therefrom; and also an additional duty or charge of five pounds, per centum was granted tos his Majesty, upon the produce and amount of all the several inland duties, rates, impositions, and charges, (except at. therein after is excepted), then payable to his Majesty, and which were charged and collected under the management of the respective of in England and Scotland: and whereas by another act, made in the twentieth year of his Majesty's reign, (entitled, An act act 40 eo 3* for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon malt, and up C and on low wines and spirits made for home confamption, and upon foreign spirits imported into Great Britain, and upon the produce of the said several duties; and for granting a duty on licences to be taken out by all persons trading in, vending, or selling of, coffee, tea, or chocolate), further rates and duties were granted and imposed, amongst other things, upon spirits imported into Great Britain, from parts beyond the seas, over and above all duties, charges, and impositions by any former act or acts of parliament there upon fetor imposed: and whereas by another act, made in the twenty sir ft year of his said majesty's reign, (entitled. An a (51 for grantingctt* to his Majesty an additional duty upon the produce of the several C 79 duties under the management of the respective commissioners of the excise in Great Britain), a further additional duty or charge of five pounds per centum was granted and imposed upon the produce and amount of all the several inland duties, rates, impositions, and charges, (except as therein is excepted), then payable to his Majesty, and which were charged and collected under the management of the respective commissioners of excise in England and Scotland: and whereas by another act, made in the twenty second year of his said Majesty's reign, (entitled An act for granting to his Majesty ad act 22 Geo. ditional duties upon the produce of the several duties under the C 68, recited; management of the respective of of the customs and excise in Great Britain), a further additionaldutyor charge of five pounds per centum was granted to his Majestfupon the produce and amount of all the several inland duties, rates', irripafitions, and charges,

(except as therein is excepted), then payable to his Majesty, and which were charged and collected under the management of the respective commissioners of excise England and Scotland: and whereas it is expedient to suspend the several additional impofis, rates, and duties by the said several acts made in the nineteenth, twentieth, twenty first, and twenty ftecond years of his said majesty's reign, imposed upon rum find upon other spirits imported into Great jbritain from his Majesty 1

sugar

746

and the additional duties thereby imposed on rum and spirits from the West Indies, suspended for % years

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. &7pijtjftlfe

sugar plantations in the West Indies, be it therefore ena<3exi* That the several additional rates and duties in and by the said acts of the twentieth of his present majesty's rdg^granted and imposed upon rum and spirits imported into Great ^ttdinxbft^ ing the produce, production, and manufacture of the British sugar islands, or sugar plantations, in the West Indies; and alfp the several and respective additional ipposts, duties, or charges after the rate of five pounds per centum, imposed and granted iif and by the aforesaid three several acts, made in the nineteenth twenty first, and twenty second years of his majesty's reign, upon rum and spirits of the growth, produce, and manufacture aforesaid, imported into this kingdom; and all penalties and Forfeitures in respect of the said additional imposts, duties, oc charges, thereby imposed upon the rum and spirits aforesaid respectively, shall be, and the same are hereby suspended for the term of two years, to be computed from the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six; but that such suspension shall not extend to or affect any of the arrears of the saidf additional imposts, rates, or duties, or any of them, now remaining due and unpaid, or any penalty or forfeiture, or penalties or 'forfeitures, incurred in respect thereof.

i FORI of the ENT R Y:

"For; a Corn di/liher.

I A.B. of street, in the parish of.

distiller, do hereby revoke all former entries by me made, and do make entry of the under mentioned utensils for preparing and distilling wafti from corn and grain; videlicet;

One copper, for preparing and brewing worts.

One mash tun, for mashing grain.

One under back, for receiving worts from the mash tun Six coolers, for cooling worts.

One bub back, for making and keeping bub.

Ten wash backs, for fermenting and keeping wash" " jack back, for receiving wash from the wash backs to be pumped into the wash still.

One still for distilling wash into low wines.

One still for distilling low wines into spirits.

One low wine calk, for receiving low wines from the wash still.

One spirit cask, for receiving spirits from the low wine still; and one feint cask, for receiving and keeping feints.

All these utensils are situate in my distill house in

street aforesaid, and this entry is for home consumption, (or exportation, as the case may require

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 74.

Witness my hand, this day of

One thousand \

B.

Witness

CD

E.F. ., V

For a Metejfei difhher, Reflijier, or Compounder.

I A.B. of street, in the parish of

distiller, do hereby, revoke all entries*by me made, and do make entry of the under mentioned utensilis for preparing, fermenting, and diddling wash from melasses or fiigar; videlicet;

Fourteen wash backs, for fermenting and keeping washu One jack back, for receiving wash from the wash backs to be pumped into the wash still

Four flills for distilling; videlicet;

One of those dills for diddling w$qi into low wines. Another dill for diddling low wines into spirits.

Also all the four dills for rectifying and compounding spirits.

One low wine cask, for receiving low wines from the wash dill.

One spirit cask, for receiving spirits from the low wines dill; and one feint cask, for.receiving and keeping >. feints,: gall

these utep fils are situate in my distill house in

street aforesaid, and this entry is for home consumption (or exportation, as the case may require.

Witness my hand, this day of*178

' > - A.B.

Witness

CD

E. F.

CAP. LXXIW

An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon sweets/and for ascertaining the duties upon licences to be taken out by persons dealing in Tweets;,

From July 15, 1786, an additional duty of 6s. per barrel to be paid for sweets made from foreign fruit or sugar, or mixed with any other ingredients called Sweets or Made Wines. Additional duties to be paid as former duties are. Additional duty to be chargeable with the five percents. C granted by act 19 Geo. 3. C aj; and aft 21 Geo. 3. c. 175 and aft w Geo. 3. c. 66. Duties to be paid to the of - excise and by them into the exchequer weekly, and carried to the sinking fund. Act9 Annse, C 23; and aft 30 Geo. 2. c. 19; and aft 3* Geo. % C 31. recited. From July 5, 1786, licenceg for selling sweets by retail may be granted to persons not haying a spirituous liquor or ale licence, on a stamp of ih 4s. dach. Former provisions relating to stamps on wine licences extended to this act, where|ot hereby altered. Licences

j>48 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 7'5

cences to contain, and dealers to exhibit on theif houses, the words Dealer in British Wines. Licence duties to be applied as, former wine licence duties are.

CAP. LXXV.

An act for appointing of to inquire into the tojfes of till such per font who have suffered in their properties, in confluence of the cession of the province of East Florida to the ting of Spain.

WHEREAS y the fifth article of the definitive treaty of peace.

concluded at Versailles, on the third day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, between your Majesty and his tnofi catholic majesty the King of Spain'was agreed that the province of East Florida, which was, at the time of concluding such treaty in your Majestf s allegiance, Should be; ceded and guarantied in full right to his mofi catholic Majesty: and whereas diverse of your Majesty's faithful subjects have suffered in their rights and properties in consequence of such cession, and have sustained great Losses thereby, your faithful commons being desirous that a diligent and impartial en

1 quiry Should be made into the Losses of such persons as may apply in the

manner and within the time herein after mentioned, and into such V cumfiances as may be material to their respective claims, do therefore pray your majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty* by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Commission That colonel Nefbit Balfour, and John Spranger inquire, shall ers appointed be, and they are hereby constituted of for enquir idto^offes ing into the respective Losses of all such persons who have suffer

9 ed in their rights and properties, in consequence of the cession

of the said province, and into such circumstances as may be material to their respectiveclaims.

II. And be it further enacted, That the of in this act named, before they enter upon the execution of the same, shall take an path before the master of the rolls for the time being, or one of his majesty's justices of the court of king's bench, common pleas, 'or barons of the exchequer, (which they, or either of them, are hereby authorised and required to administer in the form fallowing; that is to say.

and to take the following oath.

The oath. T A.B. do swear, That according to the befi of my skill andknbw X ledge 11 will faithfully impartially and truly execute the several powers and trufis vefied in me by an abl, intituled An act for appointing of to inquire into the Losses of all such persons who have suffered^in their properties, 'in consequence of the cession of the province of Baste Florida to the King of Sprin^ according to the tenor and purport of the said adh

Commission

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be erstoexamine lawful to and for the said of, and they are hereby persons upon authorised, impowejpd, and required to examine, upon oath, ^(which

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 75. 749

(which oath they are hereby authorised to administer), all persons whom the said of shall think fit to examine, touching all such matters and things as shall be necessary for the execution of the powers vested in the said of by this act, and all such perforrs are hereby directed and required punctually to attend the said of at such time or place as they shall appoint.

IV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commission said of are hereby authorised to meet and sit, from

time to time, at the office of the late secretary of date, or any of the late other place, with or without adjournment, and to send their secretary of precept or precepts, under their hands and seals, for any person state, to ifiiie or persons whatsoever, and for such books, papers, writings or atfendan/e of records, as they shall judge necessary for their information in persons ap  the execution of the powers vested in the said of by pointed*this act; and the said of are hereby authorised to clerks, C appoint and employ such clerks, messengers, and officers, as they shall think meet, which clerks and officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the trust in them severally and respectively reposed, without taking anything for such their service, other than such salary or rewards as the said of shall think fit to direct and appoint in that behalf.

V. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if it To report to

shall appear to the said of that any person shall have he treasury delivered to them an account or claim beyond the real loss, ^ims vehich with a fraudulent intent to obtain more than a just compedfa shall exclude tien, the said of shall, with all convenient dispatch, the party report such account or claim, with the evidence taken thereupon, from an?. to the of of his majesty's treasury, who are hereby 1tln

authorised to make such further inquiry upon the case as they shall think proper; and if they, or any three of them, shall be of opinion that such account or claim is fraudulent, then such person shall be absolutely excluded from any compensation or provision whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person or persons, upon examination upon oath Persons gbing before the said of respectively as before mentioned,

shall wilfully and corruptly give false evidence, every such per gu\\ty of cor son or persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, rupt perjury, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such pains and penalties as by any law now in being persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

VII. And whereas several proprietors of Eafi: Florida, and the agents of several other proprietors of the said province, respectively entitled to the benefit of this act are resident in the Bahama Islands, and other of his Majestfs colonies in America: and whereas it may be attended with great inconvenience to such persons to come to Great Britain to substantiate their respective claims, or to give their evidence in support of the claims of other proprietors for whom they have

acted as agents, be it therefore enacted, That the governor. Governors, Vox, XXXV D d d lieutenant of the

1

75 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 75., [1786.

Bahama lieutenant governor, or commander in chief, and council, for bhtuh'co^o the tim being, of any such island or colony, shall, and they are nies in Ame hereby directed and required to inquire into the Joffes of all and rica, to exa every such person or persons, and to examine all and every such mine into the agent or agents as may repair to them for that purpose upon dent Arties" oat which oath the said governor, lieutenant governor, or and to Report commander in chief, or any member of the council for the time thereupon to being, is hereby authorised and empowered to administer; and the commit such governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief, and sioners. council, for the time being, are hereby inverted with the same powers and authorities for inquiring into such claims as the of appointed by this astare inverted with, and they are hereby directed to proceed immediately on all and every such claim or claims, examination or examinations, when tendered to them, and to report from time to time, by the first opportunity in their power, their opinion or opinions on all and every such claim or claims, with the evidence on which such opinion or opinions was or were formed, and also to report, from time to time, the evidence of all and every such agent or agents to the of appointed by this act, in order that all and every such claim or claims may be ultimately judged of and decided upon by such of, and be inserted by them amongst the claims to be laid before the lords of of the treasury, or the lord high treasurer, for the time, being, and his majesty's secretaries of state.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons giv That in case any person or persons, upon examination upon dence^before before the said governor, lieutenant governor, or com

the governor, mander in chief, and council, for the time being, as before men See. to be*tioned, shall wilfully and corruptly give false evidence, every deemed guilty such person or persons so offending, and being thereof duly con of perjury. vidled, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such pains and penalties as by any law now in being persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

No claim to

IX. And be it further enacted, That no claim or request of brha^asser" ai)y person or persons for aid or relief, on account of the loss of Jan. 1, nor in any property in consequence of such cession, shall he received, the Bahama in Great Britain, after the first day of January, one thousand I (lands, C seven hundred and eighty seven, or in the Bahama islands, or any

after March other of his majesty's colonies in America, after the first day of 17 March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

Commission X And be it further enacted, That the said of account of an rom time to t*me? at their discre'ion, or as often as they

theirproceed be thereunto required, and as soon as possible after the de

inge to the termination of their examinations and proceedings, by virtue of treasury, and this acts, without any further requisition, give an account of their proceedings, in writing, to the lords of of his Majesty's treasury, and to his majesty's principal secretaries of state for the time being.

Treasury may

XI. And be it further enacted That the lords of

order Xjooool. of

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. 76; 77.

of the treasury, or lord high treasurer, for the time being, are hereby authorised and required to issue, and cause to be paid, all such sums of money, not exceeding one thousand pounds, to such person or persons as the said of shall by writing under their hands desire or direct, out of any part of the public moneys remaining in his majesty's exchequer, which futn so issued and paid shall be employed for the payment of clerks, messengers, and other officers, and in defraying all other necessary charges in or about the execution of the powers of this at, and in such manner and in such proportions as shall be appointed by the said of, by writing under their hands and seals in that behalf, the same to be accounted for by the person or persons to whom the same shall be issued and paid, according to the course of his majesty's exchequer, without any fee or other charges to be taken on the passing of the said accounts, other than such sum as the said of shall appoint.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case of a vacancy or vacancies, by death or resignation, His Majesty of any pne or more of the said of, it shall and may to nominate be lawful for his Majesty to nominate and appoint such person ers^tucta or persons as he may think proper, to supply fudh Vacancy or cic happen, vacancies, and that every person so nominated and appointed

shall be held and, considered to be invested with all and the same powers as are delegated to the of appointed by this act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this at shall conti Continuance nue in force for two years from the passing of this act, and no oftllls a' longer,

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for repealing so much of two acts, passed in the fourteenth and twenty first years of the reign of his present Majesty, as prohibits the exportation of wool cards of a limited price.

14 Geo. 3. c. 71; and ai Geo. 3. c. 37. recited. Such parts thereof, as prohibit the exportation of wool cards of 4s. per pair, and spinnera* cards of the value of is. 6d. per pair, repealed.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act to limit a time for the repayment of the duties on male fer vents and carriages by the commissioners of excise; also on horses, wagons, wains, and carts, by the commissioners of stamps; and for the amendment of several laws relating to the duties under the management of the commissioners of excise.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the last session of parliament. (entitled. An act to repeal the duties on male servants, 25 Geo.j.c* and for granting new duties on male and female servants.), it 43; and was enacted, That all persons who, previously to the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty five, Should have paid duties on male servants. that act repealed, for any part of the three quarters effiyear for which the first afjejfmnt on inale servants under that.

D d d 2 aft

75*

to be issued for payment of clerks, C

752 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 77, [1786.

aft was thereby directed to be made, or their respective executors or administrators, Should, after paying the j'aid first assessment, have a right to receive back from the of of excisey or any officer or officers appointed by them, out of any money which Should have been paid into or be in their hands, such a proportion of the repealed duties

on male servants so already paid to the said of of ex rise, or their officers, as Should be necessary to prevent a double payment of the said duties, in respect of such male servants, for the said three quarters on the said first assessment, or for any part thereof: and whereas by another act, made in the last session oj parliament, inti a 5 geo^3*d tuled. An act for transferring the receipt and management of in parjecl* certa*n duties therein mentioned, from the commissioners of excise and the of of damps respectively, to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes; and also for making further provisions in respect to the said duties so transferred), it was enacted, That all persons who, previously to the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, Should have paid the duties on carriages in that act mentioned in that behalf for any part of the three quarters of a year for which the first afjeffiments under that act were thereby directed to be made, shoula, after paying the said first assessments, have a right to receive back from the of of excisey or any officer or officers appointed by them, out of any moneys which Should have been paid intoy or be in their hands, such a proportion of the duties so already paid to the said commissioners of excise as Should be necessary to prevent a double payment of the said duties for the said three quarters on the said first assessments, or for any part thereof: and whereas it is expedient that a limited time Should be pre fcribedy within which, all end every repayment, in respect to the said duties on male servantsand on carriages, heretofore under the management of the commissioners of excisey shall be demanded: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the No demands authority of the same, That every person having a right, ac ment ofd cording to the acts aforesaid, or either of them, to any repay ttet underlie ment n respect of the said duties on male servants, or of the recited acts, said duties on carriages, heretofore under the management of to besatisfied, the commissioners of excise, shall'make demand of such repay unlefe made to ment before the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred

fore July 5, 1787.

Geo. 3. 66; and

and eighty seven, from the commissioners of excise, if such person demanding such repayment had before paid such respective duty at the chief office of excise in London, or from the collector of excise within whose collection such person demanding such repayment had before paid such respective duty; and that no repayment shall be made to any person or persons in respect of such duties on male servants, or of such duties on carriages, heretofore under the management of the commissioners of excise, that shall not be demanded as aforesaid before the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven.

II. And whereas, by an act made in the twenty-third year of his present Mcjejif sreign9 (iintituled, An act for granting to his Majesty

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 77.' 755'

jesty several rates and duties upon wagons, wains, carts, and other such carriages, not charged with any duty under the management of the commissioners of excise), it was enacted, Thaty from and after the first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and eighty three, there Should be paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, certain duties therein mentioned: and whereas, by another act) made in the twenty-fourth year of his present Majesty, for4 Geo. $. granting certain duties on horses kept for the purpose of riding, c'31*and and on horses used in drawing certain carriages, in respect whereof any duty of excise is made payable, it was enacted, That, from and after the twenty-ninth day September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty four, there Should be paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, certain duties therein mentioned; and the said two several duties were placed under the management of the commissioners of stamps: and whereas, by an act made in the last session of parliament, (entitled, An act for transferring the receipt and 25 Geo. 3. management of certain duties therein mentioned from the com ? recited missioners of excise, and the commissioners of stamps, respectin par*tively, to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes; and also for making further provisions in respect to the said duties so transferred), it was enacted, That all perfotis who, previously to the fifth day of July, or tenth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, Should have paid the said duties on carriages, and on horses, in that a, ft mentioned, for any part of the three quarters of a year for which the first assessments under that act were thereby dire stead to be made, Should, after paying the said first assessments, have a right to receive back from the commissioners of stamps, or any officer or officers appointed by them, out of any moneys which Should have been paid into, or be in their hands, such a proportion of the duties so already paid to the said commissioners of stamps as Should be necessary to prevent a double payment of the said duties for the said three quarters, or half year, on the said first assessments, or for any part thereof: and whereas it is expedient that a limited time Should be prescribed, within which all and every repayment, in respect to the said recited duties under the management of the commissioners of Jiamps, shall be demanded; be it theretore enacted, That every person having a right to No demand any repayment, in respect of the said recited duties under the for repay management of the commissioners of stamps, shall make de l^inder" mand of such repayment before the fifth day of July, one thou the'three Jaffc sand seven hundred and eighty seven, from the of recited as, of stamps, if such person demanding such repayment had before to be fatufied, paid such respective duty at the head office of stamps in London, aamp or from the distributor of stamps, or their fub distributors, in office before, the several counties, districts, or divisions, within which such July 5, 1787. person demanding such repayment had before paid such respective duties, and that no repayment shall be made thereon that shall not be demanded, as aforesaid, before the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven'

And whereas, by another act made in the seventeenth yedr of his present Majesty's reign, fintituled, An act for granting to his7 Geo. 3. Majesty a duty upon all servants retained or employed in the pa^treclte<i

|54

fled,

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 77.  17

several edacities therein me/itjtoned and for repealing, several rates and duties upon glass imposed by an act made in the nine^enuk year of the reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon glass in lieu thereof and for tjye tetter colledirrg the duties upon glass; and for repealing the several rates and duties charged, by an act made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, upon all petfous and bodies politic and corporate having certain quantities of silver plate); certain drawbacks or allowances, in the said: aft particularly mentioned, were directed to be paid or allowed to the persons or their agents exporting the several and respective species of glass j in the said act particularly mentioned, to foreign parts by way of merchandise, in the manner, and under the regulations in and by the said act particularly prescribed: and whereas great inconvenience ha or iferi from the regulations prescribed in that act, for the obtaining the drawbacks or allowances, in the said act particularly mentioned, on the exportation of such glass to foreign parts by way of mer -- chaudizey for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority From Aug. 1, aforesaidr That, from and after the first day of August, one 1786, glaf8 thousand seven hundred and eighty six, it shall be lawful for ported6onthe ny pei^on or pons who shall have actually paid all his ma conditions jesty's duties, by any act or acts of parliament payable for, or herein speci in respect of, any quantity of glass whatsoever made from any of the materials thereby respectively charged, and to and for any other person or persons who shall buy or be lawfully in titled' to any such quantity of glass from the said person or persons who adaally paid his majesty's duties for the same, to export from any lawful quays, and in the lawful hours, any such glass, for which all the duties shall have been paid, to any foreign parts by way of merchandise, upon the terms, and according to the directions, herein after mentioned, that is to say; the person or persons so intending to export any such glass, shall give twelve hours notice within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, and twenty-four hours notice in other places in Great Britain, of his, her, or their intention to pack up, in order to be exported, any such glass, and of the time and place when and where the same is intended to be packed up, to the officer or officers of excise, who shall be appointed for that purpose by the respective commissioners of excise in England and Scotland j. and such officer or officers shall attend to see such glass packed up, and the same shall be packed up in the presence of such of ficer or officers, and shall be secured with such fastenings, and sealed with such seal or mark, or seals or marks, and in such manner, as the said respective of shall direct; and if any person shall open such package, or wilfully destroy or deface such seal or mark, or seals or marks, (save and except the officer of excise at the port of exportation, as herein after mentioned), every person so offending shall forfeit and lose the fuqi of twenty pounds for every such offence and the officer or officers who saw the said glass packed up shall take an account of the kind and quantities of the said glass fe intended to be

"exported.

Persons opening packages after being sealed by the officer, to forfeit aol.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 77. 755

exported, and make a return thereof to the officer who shall he appointed by such of, or the major part of them, to receive the same at the port of exportation, without any fee or reward for so doing: provided always, That if the person or If packing is persons, To intending to pack up such glass, shall not begin and not begun in proceed to pack up the same at the time mentioned in such no ^ohce Vfrefli tice, or within one hour after such time, then such notice shall notice'must be void; and such person or persons, so intending to pack up be given, such glass, shall be obliged to give a fresh notice to such officer or officers, of the time and place when and where such glass is intended to be packed up in order to be exported; and the per Notice also to son or persons, so intending to export such glass, shall also give six be given of hours notice of the time and place of shipping such glass, unto ^5 the * the officer of excise of the place where the same shall be shipped, ippins* who shall attend and see the same put on Chipboard; and the and security exporter of the said glass shall also, before the shipping the same, be

give sufficient security, to be approved by the respective com reianded in missioner of excise, or any one or more of them, or the person Britain, C appointed by them, or the major part of them respectively, for that purpose, in treble the value of the duty intended to be drawn back, that the particular quantity of glass so intended to be exported, and every part thereof, shall be shipped and exported, and shall not be unshipped, unloacted, or laid on land, or put on board any other ship or vessel in Great Britain, hip wreck, or other unavoidable accident, excepted; which security the officer of excise of the port where the said glass shall be exported is hereby directed to take, in his majesty's name, and to his majesty's use; and the said exporter shall make oath, that he believes the duties upon the materials whereof such glass is made had been fully paid, and that such glass is the same that is described in the account sent as aforesaid by the officer in whole presence the same was paeked, to the officer attending the shipping (which oath the surveyor or supervisor, or other officer'appointed by the said respective of, or the major part of them, for that purpose, is hereby authorised to administer); and the said surveyor or supervisor, or other officer Certificate to aforesaid, and the officer who attended the shipping the said be gin by glass, being satisfied of the truth thereof, shall, within one month ^ichteto after the exportation of the said glass, give to the exporter, or entitle the his, her, or their clerk or manager, a certificate or debenture, exporter to expressing the quantities and kindis of such glass To shipped, and thedrawback. that all the duties have been paid in respect of the same, and that security hath been given before the shipping the same, for the due exporting the same; and such certificate or debenture being produced to the collector of the port where the said glass was exported, he shall forthwith pay or allow the persons so exporting the same, or their agent, such drawback or allowance as by the said act, made in the seventeenth year of his present Majesty's reign, is given or allowed upon the exportation to foreign parts, by way of merchandise, of the several and respective species of glass in the said act mentioned j and if such cold

d d 4 lector

Officers may

examine

packages.

If glafobe relanded, to be forfeited.

*1 Geo. 3. C4> recited in fart.

Stamps denoting payment of duties to be taken off pa

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 77. [1786.

leflor shall not have money in his hands to pay the same, then the respective commissioners of excise in England or Scotland are required to pay the said drawback or allowance out of the duties upon materials used in the making glass.

IV. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the officer attending the shipping such glass, if he thinks it necessary to open or examine such glass at the port of exportation, in order that he may be satisfied that such glass is the same that is de feribed in the account sent to him by the officer in whose presence the said glass was packed: provided/also, That if after the shipping any such glass, and the giving such security as aforesaid, in order to obtain a drawback or allowance of the duties before paid in respect thereof, the same glass. or any part thereof, shall be unrtiipped, unladled, or laid on land, or put into any other ship or vessel within Great Britain ((hipwreck, or other unavoidable accident, excepted), that then, and in every such case, over and above the penalty of the bond, which shall be levied and recovered to his majesty's use, all the said glass which shall be so unshipped, unladled, or laid on land, or put into any other ship or vessel within Great Britain ((hipwreck, or other unavoidable accident, excepted), or the value thereof, shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer of the customs or excise.

V. And whereas by an act made in the twenty first year of his present Majestfs reign, (entitled, An act for repealing the present duties upon paper, pasteboards, millboards, and scale boards, made in Great Britain, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof), it was enacted, That the officer attending to charge the duties upon paper, Should stamp or mark each and every ream and bundle of paper, by affixing thereon such mark, stamp, impression, or device, as the respective commissioners of excise Should dir eft or appoint for that purpose: and whereas by the said act, a drawback of the duties, by the said oft granted, is allowed upon the exportation of paper to any parts beyond the seas by way of merchandise: and whereas also by the said act it is provided that if, after the shipping of any such paper, and the giving or tendering such security ms is by the said act required, in order to obtain the drawback therein mentioned, the same, or any part thereof, Should be relanded in any part of Great Britain, that then, and in every such case, over and above " the penalty of the bond, which shall be recovered and levied to his Majesty's use, all the said paper which shall be so relanded, or the value thereof, Should be forfeited: and whereas it might tend to prevent the relanding such paper in Great Britain, if the marks, stamps, impressions, or devices, denoting the charging the duties upon such paper, were to be taken off from every bundle or ream of paper intended to be exported before the same Should be packed up in order to be exported; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, it shall be lawful for the officer of excise, who shall attend to see such paper packed up in order to be exported, and he is hereby required to take off, or cause to

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 77. 757

be taken off, or to see taken off, all and every the marks, (lamps, person ex impressions, or devices affixed on every ream or bundle of such paper potation, and intended to be packed up in order to be exported, from every ream or bundje of such paper before the same is packed up in order to cers in taking be exported; and if any person or persons shall wilfully hinder them off, to or obstruct such officer in the taking off, or causing to be taken forfeit 50l. off, any such mark, (lamp, or impression, or device, or marks,

(lamps, impressions, or devices, from any ream or bundle of paper so intended to be packed up in order to be expored, he,

(he, or they so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds.

VI. And whereas by another act, made in the last session of parlia- 5 Geo. 3. C ment, (entitled, An act for repealing the duty imposed on tea 74, recited in by an act passed in the last session of parliament, and for grant ar*other duties in lieu thereof; for repealing so much of several acts as relates to the removal of tea; for.directing the officers of excise to examine and certify the exportation of exciseable commodities; and for better securing the duties on candles); it was enacted, That every chandler or maker of candles, before he, she, or they Should begin to work upon or make any course or making of can dies whatsoever, Should give to the officer of the division or place where such candles were intended to be made, notice in writing of the particular time and hour when he cr Jhe Should intend to begin to spread cottons, wicks, or rujhes, for any such course or making of candles; and also the hour and time when he or Jhe Should intend to begin to run in or dip any such cottons, wicks, or russes, in such ?nan ner as is by the foetid act directed: and whereas chandlers do sometimes, after having given such notice as by the said act is required, and after beginning to spread cottons, wicks, or rujhes, leave off and discontinue for long intervals of time to spread cottons, wicks, or rujhes, for the same course or making of candles, and thereby not only harrass the off cers of excise surveying such chanlders unnecessarily, but also get many opportunities of making candles privately and unknown to such officers, and thereby of defrauding his Majesty of his juf du ties; for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,

That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven Chandlers hundred and eighty six, when any chandler or maker of can having begun dies, after having given such notice as by the said act is required, wicks^must shall have begun to spread cottons, wicks, or rushes, for any proceed till all course or making of candles (other than mould candles), such for the course chandler or maker of candles shall proceed and continue, with arefinished. out delay or interruption, to spread all the cottons, wicks, and g" n todip, in rushes respectively intended to be used in the fantfe course or five hours making of candles, until he, she, or they shall have finished the after begin spreading of all such cottons, wicks, and rushes respectively; ningtospread. and the hour and time for beginning to run in or dip such cottons, wicks, and rushes respectively, whereof such notice shall be given (as by the said act is required), shall not be more than five hours after the beginning to spread such cottons, wicks, and rushes respectively, whereof such notice shall be given as by the said act is required; and every chandler or maker of

candles.

758

cither case.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 77, [1786.

candles, from and after the said first day o August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, shall actually begin to run in or dip such cottons, wicks, and rushes within fire hours after he, she, or they shall have begun to spread such cottons and continue wicks, or ruihes, and shall continue to ruri in or dip such cot ourlvhf the tqns* vy^c^s and rues respectively, after he, she, or they shall finhhed* on lave begun to run or dip, without interruption, until such penalty of 50l. course or making of candles shall be finished; if any chand'failure in ler or maker of candles, after having given such notice as by the said ak is required, and after having begun to spread cottons, wicks, or ruihes, for any course or making of candles (other than mould candles), shall not proceed and continue. without delay or interruption, to spread all the cottons wicks, or ruihes, intended to be used in that course or making of candles, until he, she, or they shall have finished the spreading of all such cottonsj wicks, or ruihes, he, she or they shall have intended to be used, or which shall be used in such course or making of candles, or shall not actually begin to run in or dip such cottons, wicks and ruihes respectively, within five hours after he, she, or they shall have begun to spread cottons, wicks, or ruihes, or shall not continue to run in or dip such cottons, wicks or rushes after he, she, or they shall have begun to run in or dip such cottons wicks, or rushes, without interruption, until such course or making of candles shall be finished, every chandler or maker of candles so offending shall, for every such offence forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if in any such notice, as is by the said required to be given, the hour or time for beginning to run in or dip any cottons, wicks, or rushes, shall be specified to be more than five hours after the time specified in such notice for beginning to spread cottons, wjcks, or ruihes, such notice shall be of no effect, but be null and void, to all intents and purposes what jnencement of fqever, and the ehandler or maker of candies giving the same void.ng, to be subject and liable to all the same fines, penalties, and

forfeitures, as he, she or they would have been if no notice whatsoever had been given.

VIII. And whereas many traders, subject to the survey of the officers of excise and inland duties respectively, are severally required, by the laws concerning the duties under the management of the commifa sioners of excise, to keep just and sufficient scales and weights at the place or places wherein they carry on their respective trades, to be used in taking the account of the flocks of such traders, who are by the said laws respectively required to be aiding and affijling such officers in taking such account: and whereas it frequently happens that evil disposed per fans, who are subject to such survey as afarejdid, have frequently hindered and prevented such officers from taking a just and true account of such stock, by concealing heavy or other substances in the commodities belonging to and part of such flock so to be weighed and taken account of by such officers, or by same art, device, or con irtvance have prevented and hindered the said officers front taking fa e such

If notice spe ciftes more than five hours after beginning to spread, from he com

[Preamble.]

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 77. 759

fitch account by the mepmaforesaid, although the scales and weights have been injhemfelvesfitft and sufficient; jfor remedy whereof be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, at any time or Persons tiling times after the first day of Atiguji, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, any trader or traders, subject to the survey of in7akjn|cel any officer or officers of the excise, or inland duties, and who the weight is or are required, by any law or laws relating to the duties of of (locks, C excise, or other duties under the management of the commis to forfeit sioners of excise, to keep just scales and weights, shall, before or 100 # after, or in the weighing of his, her, or their (lock, or any part thereof, put or suffer, or cause or procure to be put any other substance into the commodity or stock so to be weighed whereby such officer or officers might be hindered or prevented from taking a just and true account of such stock, as is directed and prescribed by the several acts of parliament in that case made and provided, or shall forcibly obstruct or hinder, or shall, by any art, device, or contrivance, prevent or impede such officer, or procure or suffer him to be prevented or impeded in taking such just and true account of such stock or commodities as aforesaid, the party offending therein shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

IX. And whereas by an act made in the nineienth year of his pre Ad 19 Geo. sent Majesty's reign, (entitled, An act for the more effectual pre 3* C venting the pernicious practises of Smuggling in this kingdom, seq and for indemnifying persons who h$ve been guilty of offences nizancestobe against the laws of the customs and excise, upon the terms entered into therein mentioned), it was enacted, That in all cases where by rafters of officers of customs or excise Should discover and findy on board any ship ve^d tl0cave or vessel coming and arriving from foreign parts, within the limits of had on board any of the ports of this kingdom, more than one hundred pounds a larger quan weight of tea, not being in the Ships belonging to or employed by the d tea, united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or more than one hundred gallons of foreign brandy, or of other p foreign spirituous liquor j, over and above the quantity of two gallons for every seaman then belonging to and on board such ship or vessel, and being in casks under sixty galions, the master, or other person haying or taking the charge of such ship or vessel, jjould forfeit the sum of three hundred pounds; and that it Should and might be lawful, in such casey for any officer or officers of the customs or excise, and for all other persons acting in their aid and offijlance, and they and each of them was and were thereby authorised to arrest, take, and detain the said mastry or other person so having the charge or command of such ship or vessel, and to carry and convey the person so taken before any one of his Majesty's justices of the peace residing near to the place where such ship or vessel should then be, or where such person Should be arrejied and takers and the person so carried and conveyed Should be obliged to enter into a recognisance., as in the said act is directed: and whereas it has been found by experience that the ftngle recognisance of the person directed by the said act to enter into the same is ineffieftud to answer the good purposes by the said act intended9be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid

That,

such matters to enter into a recognisance with one sufficient security, for 300l. to enter appearance to informations, and refusing so to do, to be imprisoned.

Persons having in posies fion British spirits, etc. for which the duties have not been paid, forfeit the same and treble the value.

Value to be estimated at the price of the best articles of the fort.

Proof to be admitted of officers being authorised to at, without producing their particular appointments.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c77. [1786.

That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, every person so carried and conveyed before any one of his majesty's justices of the peace, according to the directions in the said in part recited clause, shall be obliged to enter into a recognisance to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, before such justice, with one other sufficient surety, to be approved of by such justice, in the sum of three hundred pounds, (which recognisance such justice is hereby required to take), with condition to enter an appearance in the courts of exchequer in England and Scotland respectively, within the first four days of the term next ensuing such arrest, to any information which shall or may be exhibited against him; and such justice shall and is hereby required forthwith to transmit every such recognisance to the king's remembrancer in such of the said respective courts; and if such person shall refuse to enter into such recognisance as aforesaid, then such justice shall commit such person to the next county gaol, thereto remain until he shall enter into such recognisance

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thar if any person or persons shall, after the said first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six aforesaid, knowingly receive, buy, or have in his, her, or their custody or possession, any British spirits, soap, or candles, after the same shall be re moved from the respective places where the same were made or manufactured, and where the same ought to have been charged with the duties payable in respect thereof, before the said duty or duties, to which the same shall be liable, have been charged, or before such British spirits, soap, or candles, have been lawfully condemned as forfeited, the person or persons offending therein, whether he, she, or they have or have not, or do or do not claim or pretend to have, any property or interest therein, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose all such British spirits soap, and candles so received, bought, or had in his, her, or their custody or possession, and treble the value thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted and declared, That the value of such British spirits, soap, and candles respectively so forfeited shall, from time to time, be deemed and taken to be according to, and at the rate and rates, price and prices, as the best goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities of the like sorts, kinds, and denominations, do or shall bear and sell for in Londwy at the time when such penalty shall be incurred.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, upon the trial of any indictment, information, achon, suit, or prosecution whatsoever, or in any proceedings relative thereto, any question shall arise, whether any person be an officer of any branch of his majesty's revenues, or commissioned or deputed to act as such, proof shall and may be made and admitted, that such person was reputed to be or had as such exercised such office, or a<9ed under such commission or deputation, at the respective time and times when the matter or matters in controversy upon such trial or trials, or other proceedings.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 77. 761

ceedings, shall happen to have been done or committed, or omitted to have been done or performed, without producing or proving the particular commission, deputation, or other authority whereby such officer was coiistituted and appointed; and that in every such case such proof shall be deemed and taken, by all judges, justices, or of, before whom any such trial or proceeding shall be had, to be good and legal evidence, unless by other evidence the contrary shall be made to appear $ any law or usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of August, one thousand actions for seven hundred and eighty six, it shall not be lawful for any 6

person or persons whatsoever to commence, prosecute, enter, name of tjje or file, or cause or procure to be commenced, prosecuted, en attorney ge tered, or filed, any action, bill, plaint, or information, or ac neral, or of tiens, bills, plaints, or informations, in any of his majesty's courts, against any person or persons, for the recovery of any or excise/or fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, to be void, made or incurred by virtue of any act or acts now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to either of his majesty's revenues of customs or excise, unless the same be commenced, prosecuted, entered, or filed, in the name of his majesty's attorney general, or in the name or names of some officer or officers of some or one of his majesty's said revenues; and if any action, bill, plaint, or information, actions, bills, plaints, or informations, is or are commenced, prosecuted, entered, or filed, in any other person or persons name or names, than is in that behalf before mentioned, the same, and all proceedings thereupon had, are hereby declared to be null and void; and the said court or courts, where such action, bill, plaint, or information, or adiions, bills, plaints, or informations, is, are, or shall be so commenced, prosecuted, entered, or filed, shall not permit or suffer any proceeding or proceedings to be had thereupon.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any prosecution shall be commenced or depending Attorney ge by any officer or officers of either of his majesty's revenues of neral may en. customs or excise, for the recovery of any fine, penalty, or sorter a noli pro feiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, incurred by virtue of action^for any act for adis of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be sines, made, relating to either of his majesty's said revenues, it shall and may be lawful for his majesty's attorney general, in case it shall appear to his satisfaction that such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, or fines, penalties, or forfeitures, was or were incurred without any intention of fraud, to (top all further proceedings, by entering a Noli profequu or otherwise, on every such information, as well with respect to the share of such forfeiture, fine, penalty, or fines, penalties, or forfeitures, to which any suck officer or officers shall or may claim to be Entitled, as to the share thereof belonging to his Majesty; any law to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And whereas the laws already made for the securing the du

yfa Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 7 % cx785*

ties of excise imposed oh rum or spirits of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of his Majestf s British fughr plantations, imported into the kingdom of Great Britain directly from the saidsugar plan lotions, or any of them, have been found insufficienc and ineffectual; for remedy whereof'be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. Officers, on That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand fe notice, may ven hundred and eighty six, it shall and may be lawful for the housesgauge officers f his majesty's revenue of excise, or any of them rums, C and from time to time, and at all times, by day and by night take samples. (and if in the night time, in the presence of a constable dr other officer of the peace), upon previous notice for that purpose having been given to any such importer or proprietor, importers or proprietors, or left at his, her, or their d welling house, or with his, her, or their known agent or servant, usually entrusted with the key of the lock affixed to any such warehouse by such importer or proprietor, importers or proprietors, by the space of one hour, or more, to enter into all and every such warehouses, and by racting, gauging, or otherwise, to take an ae, count of the quantity and quality of all rum, spirits, strong waters,

or other liquors, as shall, at the time of such his or their entry, be found therein 5 and also to take a sample or samples of all such rum, spirits, strong waters, or other liquors, not exceeding half a pint in the whole, out of each cask or other vessel containing the same, paying, if demanded, at and after the rate of three Shillings for each and every gallon of such rum, spirits, or strong waters, and at and after the rate of three Shillings for each and every gallon of such other liquors; Persons ob and in case any such importer or proprietor, importers or structing the proprietors, or any agent, servant, or workmen to him, her, feh^ool0 fr" r t^em belonging, shall, after such notice given as aforesaid hinder or refuse the said officer or officers to enter into any such warehouse or warehouses to take such account as aforesaid, or shall refuse to permit or suffer any such officer or officers to take any such samples as aforesaid, upon his or their offering to pay for the same as aforesaid, or shall any wise obstruct or hinder him or them in taking such sample or samples, such importer or proprietor, 'importers or proprietors, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Warrants That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand fe ^to^officers" ven ^un<^re(^ anc eighty ifix, upon oath made by any credible forcibly to en' person or persons, that he, she, or they, have reason to suspedi ter ware or believe that the proprietor or importer, proprietors or im houses, visited porters, of such rum or spirits lodged and put into any ware efors without ^ou^e or warehouses, under the direction and authority of the their know Statute in that case made and provided, or any other person or ledge persons whatsoever, do mean and intend, without the privity,

consent, and knowledge of the officer or officers of his majesty's revenue of excise, within whose distris or division such warehouse or warehouses shall be situated, in the night time to enter or go into such warehouse or warehouses, wherein such

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 77, 76j

rum or spirits are or shall be so lodged and put, or that such proprietor or importer, proprietors or importers, or any other person or persons whatsoever, shall at any time actually be in such warehouse or warehouses without the privity and consent of such officer or officers as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of the commissioners of excise, within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or any one or^more of the justices of the peace in any other part of Great Britain, (which oath they the said of, and justices of the peace, respectively, are hereby authorised to administer), from time to time, to issue their respective warrants, author rizing and requiring any ofpcer or officers of excise (with the assistance of a constable, or other peace officer) to enter such warehouse and warehouses, by force or otherwise, and that every such warrant shall and may be obeyed and executed accordingly; and if such proprietor or importer, proprietors or Persons ob importers, or other person or persons whatsoever, shall hinder stru&int? offi or refuse the said officer or officers, or any other person or per to forfeit fons, in his aid or assistance, from entering such warehouse or ao warehouses, or shall hinder or obstruct the said officer or officers in the due execution of the said warrant, the person or persons offending therein shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, from and after the first day of August^ one thousand seif an unfair ven hundred and eighty six, any officer or officers of excise shall or

discover and find in such warehouse or warehouses, any increase found*in the 1 of rum or spirits (other than and except such as shall arise from stock of rum, such rum or spirits as shall have been imported and landed as See. in any aforesaid, and lodged and put into such warehouse or ware warehouse, houses, under the direction and authority of the Statutes in that toforfc?tcodr case made and provided) over and above the quantity of rum or spirits which the officer found in such warehouse or warehouses at the time of the last preceding survey upon such warehouse or warehouses, of shall discover and find, in such warehouse or warehouses, any decrease of rum or spirits (other than and except such decrease as shall arise from such rum or spirits delivered out of such warehouse or warehouses, according to the form of the Statutes in that case made and provided, pr as shall arise from leakage or other unavoidable accident) under and below the quantity of rum or spirits which the officer found in such warehouse or warehouses at the time of the last preceding survey upon such warehouse or warehouses, such increase or decrease shall be deemed and taken to have been made by means of the proprietor or importer, proprietors or importers, of such rum or spirits so imported and landed, and lodged and put into such warehouse or warehouses, under the direction and authority of the Statute in that case made and provided, having by same means, a, device, or contrivance, opened such warehouse or warehouses, not in the presence of jthe proper warehouse keeper, or other officer of excise, whose business it is to attend with the key to open the farrie j and in

every

7^4

[Preamble,

Persons assaulting officers, cor attempting tc reicue prohibited goods, to be bound withtwofure* ties to appear to informations!

and refusing to become bound, to be imprisoned.

Penalties and forfeitures

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii TILL 77. [1786.

every such case such importer or proprietor, importers or proprietors, shall forfeit and lose, for every such offence, five hundred pounds.

XVIII. And whereat persons who have been guilty of assaulting or obstructing officers of the cufoms or excise in the due execution of their offices, or of refeuing, or attempting to refeue, goods seized by such officers, or of offences against the laws reffecting quarantine, being prosecuted for the same by indictment or information in his majesty's court of king's bench, do frequently escape punishment by reason that such persons have not been usually put under any recognisance to answer such indictment or information, unless in cases where same specific pecuniary penalty is imposed, or where the offence having been committed in the county of Middlesex, an indictment for the same has been originally found in the said court of king's bench; for remedy thereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whenever any person or persons shall be charged with assaulting or obstructing any officer or officers of the customs or 1 excise, in the due execution of his or their office or offices, or any person or persons acting in his or their aid or assistance, or with refeuing, or attempting to refeue by force any uncuf tomed or prohibited goods, after seizure thereof by such officer or officers, or with any offence against any law respecting quarantine, and the same shall be made appear to any judge of his majesty's court of king's bench, by affidavit or by certificate of an indictment or information being filed against such person or persons in the said court for such offence, it shall and may be lawful for such judge to issue his warrant in writing under his hand and seal, and thereby to cause such person or persons to be apprehended and brought before him, or some other judge of the said court, or before some one of his majesty's justices of the peace, in order to his, her, or their being bound to the king's majesty with two sufficient sureties in such sum as in the said warrant shall be expressed, with condition to appear in the said court at the time mentioned in such warrant, and to answer to all and Angular indictments or informations for any the offences aforesaid; in case such person or persons shaft neglect or refuse to become bound as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such judge, or justice of the peace respectively, to commit such person or persons to the common gaol of the county, city, or place, where the offence shall have been committed, or where he, she, or they shall have been apprehended, until he, she, or they shall have become bound as aforesaid, or shall be discharged by order of the said court of king's bench in term time, or by one of the judges of the said court in vacation; and the recognisance or recognizances to be taken thereupon shall be returned and filed in the said court, and shall continue in force until such person or persons shall have been acquitted of such offence, or in case of conviction, shall have received judgement for the same, unless sooner ordered by the said court tq be discharged*

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act,

flialjj

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 78. 765

shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, howto be re means or methods, as any fine, penalty or forfeiture, may be cov?.r^, d and sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by any law or laws of app excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any, of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively; that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against Limitation of any person or persons for anything by him or them done in actions, pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced, within one month next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county, and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit may plead the general issue, and General issue. give this act, and the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon 5 and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or Treble costs, them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act for better securing the duties on paper printed, painted, or flawed in Great Britain.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, notwithstanding the laws already made for fe

curing the duties on paper, printed, painted, or Jlained, in Great Britain, to serve for hangings and other uses, many frauds are frequently practised, tojhe great loss of the revenue, and to the injury of the fair trader, by evil minded and indigent persons, who are encouraged in their evil practises by the length of time allowed by law for the payment of those duties, and for the want offome further regulations: and whereas, by an act of parliament passed in the tenth year of the reign of queen Anns, intituled An act for laying feto Annse, C veral duties upon all soap and paper made in Great Britain, or 19, recited in imported into the same and upon chequered and striped linens Part imported 5 and upon certain silks, calicoes, linens, and stuffs printed, painted,or stained; upon several kinds of damped vellum, parchment, and paper; and upon certain printed papers, pamphlets, and advertisements, for raising the sum of eighteen hundred thousand, pounds, by way of a lottery, towards her majesty's supply; and for licensing an additional number of hackney chairs; and for charging certain flocks of cards and dice; and for better securing her majesty's duties to arise in the office for the starrrp duties by licences for marriage, and otherwise; and for relief of persons who have not claimed their lottery tickets in due time, or have lost exchequer bills or Vol. XXXV E ee lottery

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 78. [1786.

lottery tickets; and for borrowing money upon flock, part of the capital of the South Sea company, for the use of the public; it wasx among other things, enacted, That from and after the four and twentieth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twelve, during the continuance of the duties upon paper, all and every perfm and persons who Should print, paint, or Jlajn any paper in Great Britain Should, once in every six weeks, make a true entry in writing at the next office for the said duties upon paper, of all the paper by him, her, or them severally made fit for use within such six weeks reflectively, and that all and every person and p erf oris who Should. print, paint, or Jlain any paper in Great Britain, Should from time to time, within six weeks after he, she, or they Should make, or ought to have made such entry as aforesaid, pay and clear off'all the said duties for all such paper as Should by them respectively be printed, painted, or stained, so as to be fit for use or sale: and whereas the allowing Jo long a time for the making the entries, and for the paying*the duties as afore sold, hath been found prejudicial to the revenue;

for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords, spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament and from assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and Sept. 1, 1786, after the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fa much as eighty six, so much of the said act as requires any printer, paoerfta^ners pa^nter' or ft^ner of paper, to make such entries, once in every C making*six weeks, of all paper by him, her, or them printed, painted, entries once or stained, within such six weeks, or to pay and clear off all du in six weeks ties for the same within six weeks after hebe, dr. they (hold stained^tc mae or ought to have made, such entries as aforesaid, shall toberepealed. repealed, save only and except in all cases relating to the recovering any arrears, which may at that time remain unpaid of the said duties, or to any penalty or forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon, or at any time before the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six,

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, From Sept, i, That, from and after the said first day of September, one jfiou-1786, entries sand seven hundred and eighty six, all and every person and every sort persons, who shall print, paint, or (lain any paper in Great night t>f all Britain, to serve for hangings or other uses, shall, once in every paper stained, fortnight, make a true entry in writing at the next office for etc. on penal the said duties, of all the paper by him, her, or them printed, tyofjoh painted, or stained, within such fortnight respectively, which entries shall contain the just kinds and quantities thereof, respectively, on pain to forfeit, for every neglect of such entry, the sum of fifty pounds; which entries shall be made upon oath (or, in case of a Quaker, upon solemn affirmation) of the printer, painter, or stainer of such paper, or of Ins, her, or their chief workman or servant employed in the printing, paint L ing, or ftaioing such paper, according to the hest of his, her, or their knowledge or belief; which oaths or affirmations shall and may be administered by the proper collector, supervisor, or surveyor of the said duties of the district or division within which

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 78. 767*

such printer painter, or stainer of paper doth inhabit, without any fee or charge for the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every person Duties to be

and persons, who shall print, paint, or stain any paper in aid Fa Great Britain, shall, from time to time, within a fortnight af tembch alter he, she, or they shall have made, or ought to have made, tries made, on such entry as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the duties for all penalty of for such paper as shall by them respectively be printed, painted, or hing double stained, upon pain of forfeiting, for every default therein, 116 duties double the sum of the said duty whereof the payment shall be

so neglected; and that no such person, after such default in If goods are

payment made, shall fell, deliver, or carry out, any such delivered be

printed, painted, or stained paper, until he or she hath paid

and cleared off his or her duty as aforesaid, u^on pain to for double their feit double the value of the goods so sold, delivered, or car value to be ried out. forfeited.

IV. And whereas diverse printers, painters, or stainers of paper, have large quantities of paper now in their possession, which has been taken account oft but is not charged with the duties; and as it may be very inconvenient for such printer s, painters, or stainers of paper, to pay all such duties within a fortnight after this act takes place; be

it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every printer. The duties on painter, or stainer of paper, for hangings or other uses, who, stockat Sept, on the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and in 6

eighty six, shall have any paper in his possession which has been months, or in taken account of, and which is not already charged with the a fortnight duties, shall produce the same to the officer appointed to take afteranyparts an account of and charge the duties thereon, and the same shall be measured, marked, and charged with the duties 5 and the n said printer, painter, or stainer, shall pay the duties for the same within six months after the said charge shall be so made; or if the said paper, or any part thereof, shall be finished in less time, then such printer, painter, or stainer, shall pay the duties for the said paper, or any part thereof, within one fortnight after the same shall be so finished respectively.

V. And whereas by a certain other act of parliament, passed in Aft 1 Geo. 1. 'the first year of the reign of King George the First, intituled An act ? 3^ recited

for charging and continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder, in part and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen; and for compelling several receivers to finish and clear their accounts; and for making duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, and orders, lost, burnt, or destroyed; and for enlarging the time for adjusting claims to certain benefit tickets; and for allowing the charge of executing the lottery aft, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ten; and for recovering moneys of several land 'taxes, resting In the hands of collectors orconstables at Saint Albans 5 and for preventing frauds in the duties upon fope; and for limiting a time for persons who have certain annuities for life or lives, to demand the payments thereupon at the exchequer; and for preventing frauds in the duties relating to

E e e 2 printed

y68; Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 7s.

[1786.

printed and painted paper, calicoes, and other things therein mentioned; it was, among other things, enacted, That before any saper Should be printed, painted, or Jiainei, officers for the duties

thereon Should be permitted to take accounts of the quantities and di menftons of all paper for printing, painting, or flaming, which, at any time or times, Should be in the custody or possession of any such printer, painter, or Jlainer, and upon taking such account thereof, Should mark or stamp every Sheet and piece thereof with a stamp or seal, provided as by the said act is directed: and whereas the flamping every Sheet of paper, in cases where many Sheet s of paper are afterwards joined together in one piece, in order to be printed, painted, orstained, is found inefficient to secure the duties on such paper, and it is necessary that some further additional mark or (lamp Should be put on every such piece of paper, or Sheet of paper, where a single Jloeet shall be printed, painted, or stained; be it further enacted by the authority afore from Sept, i, said, That, from and after the said first day of September, one if paper thousand seven hundred and eighty six, every printer, painter, beftained cor ^3iner f paper, in Great Britain, to serve for hangmgs and before mea other uses, before he, she, or they shall print, paint, or (lain, sured and any piece of paper, or any (beet of paper, where a single sheet marked, to be Of paper shall be printed, painted, or stained, shall produce and

tolptnaity lew p*ece paper or eet f paper to proper incurred for officer for the said duties, and such officer shall take an account every piece thereof; and in case such officer finds that every sheet thereof is marked or stamped as by the aforesaid al is required, he shall measure the same, and mark such piece of paper, or such sheet of paper, where a single sheet shall be printed, painted, or stained, at both ends thereof, with a frame mark, denoting the measure thereof, and with such other number or mark as the commissioners for the said duties shall direct; and in case any printer, painter, or stainer of paper, shall begin to print, paint, or (lain any piece of paper, or any sheet of paper, where a single sheet of paper shall he printed, painted, or stained, before the same shall have been measured and marked at both ends thereof by the officer for the said duties, as by this act is directed, every such piece or sheet of paper shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer for the said duties, and the printer, painter, or stainer, in whose pofftffion the same shall be found, shall also forfeit the sum of twenty pounds for every such piece of paper or heet of paper so printed, painted, or stained, without having been measured and marked as aforesaid.

VI. And, to the end that paper printed, painted, or stained, and already charged with the duties thereon, may not be improperly seized. Paper for be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That at any bee hav" l*me ^e^ore ay January > one thousand seven hundred

been chargecf anc eighty seven, any printer, painter, or stainer of paper, or before Sept. 1, any dealer in printed, painted, or stained paper, may give two 1786, may be days notice to the proper officer for the said duties, that he de stamped before fires to have such printed, painted, or stained paper, which has jan. j, 17 7; keen already charged with the said duties before the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, to he V marked

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 78. 7

marked and stamped according to the directions of this a; and such officer, having received such notice as aforesaid, shall attend, and in case he mall find that every sheet of such paper is marked or stamped as by the said former acts is required*he shall (lamp or seal every piece of such paper so already charged with the said duties, and every (beet, where a single sheet is

printed, painted, or stained, at both ends thereof, with such

stamp or seal as is by this act directed to be used, to denote that the duties have been charged thereupon, or with such other

stamp or seal as the commissioners for the said duties shall direct

to be used; from and after the said first: day of January, one and after Jan.

thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, every piece of paper

printed, painted, or stained, and every sheet of such paper, et found in

where a Angle (beet shall be printed, painted, or stained, that the possession

shall be found in the possession of any printer, painter, or stainer of a dealer to

of any paper, or of any dealer therein, shall be deemed to have deemed to

been printed, painted, or stained after the said first day of Sep ftalnedafter

tember, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six; and in case Sept. 1, 1786,

the same shall not be stamped and sealed at both ends thereof, and seizable if

as by rhis act is directed, the same shall be forfeited, and may nqt stampt.

be seized by any officer of the excise'or for the said duties.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of January, one thousand After Jan. r, seven Hundred and eighty seven, nb person shall be entitled to drawback to any drawback of the duties upon paper printed, painted, or be allowed on stained in Great Britain, upon the exportation of any such paper paper stained printed, painted, or stained, before the said first day of September, before Sept. 1, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, that shall not have J ftmtjt such stamp or seal at both ends thereof, as is herein before u y P ' lastly directed, anything in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas printers, painters, or Jlainers of paper may frequently have occafm to cut pieces of paper, printed, painted or fained, into remnants or parts for samples, or for other purposes, be

it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any printer. Pieces cut for painter, or stainer of paper shall be desirous of cutting any piece b^ma^k^by* or pieces of paper, printed, painted, or stained, into remnants the officer on or parts, such printer, painter, or stainer, shall give six hours every sample notice to the proper officer for the said duties, and such officer shall attend and see the frame marks and (lamps put, as hereinbefore directed, at both ends of every such piece of paper, cut off every such piece or pieces of paper; and after having seen such piece or pieces of paper cut into remnants or parts, shall stamp or mark every such remnant or part, at each end thereof, with such (lamps or marks as the commissioners for the said duties shall from time to time direct, which (lamps or marks the commissioners for the said duties are hereby authorised to provide for that purpose.

IX. And whereas diverse printers, painters, or Jlainers of paper do frequently obtain long delays of charging the duties upon paper by t them printed, painted, or fained, upon pretence that they intend to add

E e e 3 form

ifo

Duties to be charged, etc, as soon as paper is stained.

and 50l. penalty to be incurred for every piece of paper removed before stamped, with forfeiture of the paper.

Officers to charge the duties for paper missing

Paper not charged with the duties to be kept separate, on penalty of 50l.

Persons fraudulently concealing paper to forfeit lool.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 78. [1786.

some other colour or some other figure to the same, and that the same is not finished> which delays are detrimental to the revenue; for remedy thereof be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, as soon as any paper shall be printed, painted, or stained with any colour, or with any figure, the officer for the said duties shall take an account of the same, and shall charge the duties for the same, and shall (lamp or seal every piece of such paper, or every sheet, where any single sheet shall be printed, painted, or stained, at both ends of every such piece or sheet, with a (lamp or seal, to denote that the duties have been charged thereon; and if any printer, painter, or stainer of paper shall remove, carry, or send away, or suffer to be removed, carried, or sent away, any piece or (beet of printed, painted, or stained paper, before the same shall have been taken account of, and damped or sealed at both ends thereof by the officer, to denote the charging the said duties, every such printer, painter, or stainer of paper shall forfeit, for every such offence, the sum of fifty pounds, and all such printed, painted, or stained paper, so removed without being damped or sealed by the officer, to denote the charging the said duties, and being found in the possession of any dealer in printed, painted, or stained paper shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer for the said duties.

X. And, for the better prevention of frauds, be it further enacted, That in case any officer or officers for the said duties on paper printed, painted, or stained, shall miss any quantity or quantities of such paper whereof he had taken an account, and marked the same with a frame mark, and shall not, upon reasonable demand, receive satisfaction what is become of the same, then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful for such officer to charge such printer, painter, or stainer of paper with the duties of such paper so missing, as if the same were actualfy printed, painted, or stained.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every printer, painter, or stainer of any such paper as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, keep all the paper by him, her, or them respectively printed, painted, or stained, and which shall not have been damped and charged by the proper officer for the said duties, separate and apart from all other printed, painted, or stained paper which shall have been stamped and charged by such officer, on pain to forfeit, for every offence therein, the sum of fifty pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any printer, painter, or stainer of paper, shall fraudulently hide or conceal, or cause to be hid or concealed, any printed, painted, or stained paper, or any paper marked for printing, painting, or daining, with intent to defraud his majesty of his just duties thereon, then, and in every such case, the party so offending shall forfeit the sum of one hundred, pounds for every such offence

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 78*. 771

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid'

the commissioners for the said duties shall, on or before commission the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and prope^raarks^ eighty six, provide proper frames, and such other numbers or]tc#.

marks as they shall think fit, to denote the measure of all pieces*or (heets of paper, printed, painted, or (lained, and proper (lamps or seals to denote the charging the duties thereon; and shall cause the said respective frames, numbers, and marks, and the said (lamps and seals to be distributed to the respective officers for the several purposes beforehnentioned; which officers r using are hereby enjoined and required in using the same to do no them to do hurt or damage, or the lead damage that may be, to the paper the least pofli to be so marked ot stamped; and the said frames, numbers, ^damage and marks, and the said (lamps or seals, to be provided in pur to the paper fuance of this act, and also the said marks or (lamps provided in pursuance of the said former al, may be altered or renewed, from time to time, as the said commissioners shall from time to time think fit; and if any person whatsoever shall at any time Penalty on counterfeit or forge any frame, number, or mark, used by the masks^&c. officers for the said duties in marking such paper, or shall*counterfeit or forge the impression of the same, upon any paper to be printed, painted, or (lained, every person so offending shall forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds; and if any person whatsoever shall at any time counterfeit or forge any (lamp or seal, to resemble any (lamp or seal which shall be provided in pursuance of this atto denote the charging the duties on paper printed, painted, or (lained, in Great Britain, or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same, upon any paper printed, painted, or (lained, thereby to defraud his majesty, his heirs or successors, of the duties on such paper printed, painted, or (lained, then every person so offending, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy; and in case any person shall at any time sell any such printed, painted, or (lained paper, with a counterfeit (lamp thereon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, and with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, every such offender shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, i

That if, at any time after the said first day of September' one persons, hk

thousand seven hundred and eighty six, any printer, painter, or ^arks^to for

(lainer of paper, shall wilfully cut out, obliterate or deface, or'feit 50l.

wilfully suffer to be cut out, obliterated or defaced, the frame

mark, number, or mark put by the officer on any piece or sheet

of paper, to denote the measure thereof, every such printer,

painter, or (lainer of paper shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds

for every piece of paper, or sheet of paper, on which the frame

mark, number, or mark put by the officer, shall be so wilfully

cut out, obliterated, or defaced.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

E e e 4 That

77. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 78. [1786.

Persons affix That if at afiy time after the said first day of September, one to t^lou^an^ even hundred and eighty six, any printer, painter, or forfeit stainer of paper shall, by any means or contrivance, with intent

and the paper, to defraud his Majesty of his just duties, affix upon any piece of paper, or sheet of paper, printed, painted, or (lained, any frame mark, or any (lamp or seal which shall have been before affixed on any other piece of paper, or sheet of paper, printed, painted, or stained, then, and in every such case, every person so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the fi^m of fifty" pounds, and also every piece or (beet of such paper, whereupon such frame mark, (lamp, or seal, shall be so fraudulently affixed.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

no printer, painter, or stainer of paper, shall keep any

ing paper m. \, \. n r 1

anyplace, of paper printed, painted, or (tamed, or to be printed, painted, or which

notice stained, marked with a frame mark denoting the measure ther'has not been of, or with a (lamp or seal derioting' the charging the duties officer o sot, efeon' or unmarked with either such frame mark, or such feujol and ^arnp in any warehouse, room, or place, whereof no notice the paper. shall have been given to the officer for the said duties on paper printed, painted, or stained; and if any such paper printed, painted, or stained, or to be printed, painted, or stained, whether marked with a frame mark or unmarked, or stamped or undamped, shall be found in the possession of any printer, painter, or stainer of paper, in any warehouse, room or place, whereof no notice shall have been given to the officer for the said duties, then, and in every such case, the party so offending shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, for every such offence, and all such paper fd found shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer for the said duties.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Warrantsmay That at any time or times, upon oath made by any credible per ferd?"for^ a on or persons> ^iej or they have reason to suspect pr ptrfufpcded believe, that any paper printed, painted, or stained in Great not to be duly Britain, after the said first day of September, one thousand seven stamped, hundred and eighty six, for which a duty ought to have been which may be or charge or which ought to have been stamped, as by C1ZC J this act is directed, is or shall be in the custody or possession of any printer, painter, or stainer of paper, or other person trading or dealing the rein, or of any person or persons, for the use or account of such printer, painter, or stainer, or other trader or dealer in printed, painted, or stained paper for sale, without having thereupon such (lamps or seals as are by this act: required to denote the charging the duties thereupon, it shall and may be lawful for the of of the said duties in England or Scotland respectively, or any two of them, within their respective limits, or for any one justice of the peace in any other parts of Great Britain, from time to time, to issue their respective warrants or orders, thereby authorising and requiring any officer or officers for the said duties, with the assistance of a constable or other officer of the peace, in the daytime, to search for the same and to open doors, chelts, trunks, and packages, and to

seize

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 78- 7*73

seize such paper, printed, painted, or stained, after the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and not having such (lamps or seals thereon as are by this adfc required, and to bring' the same to the excise office next to the place where the same shall be seized, and that every such warrant shall be obeyed and executed accordingly; and such paper, printed, painted, or stained, after the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, so found unstamped,

in the possession of such printer, painter, or stainer, or other trader or dealer, for sale, or in the possession of any other person Tor jthe use of such printer, painter, or stainer, trader of dealer, for sale, shall be forfeited: provided always, that no remnant of bllt no rem % any piece of such printed, painted, or stained paper, being of less lengtit length than shall be expressed by the frame mark, thereon, being than the Toyrtd in the possession of such printer, painter, or stainer of frame mark paper, or trader or dealertherern, having such (lamp or seal, as to be forfeit by this al is required, at one end thereof, shall be forfeited, by reason of not having such (lamps or seals at both ends thereof; at both ends and if any person or persons shall obstruct or hinder any of the pei fons gb aforesaid officers from entering any such place or places for the (trusting offi purposes aforesaid, or in seizing or carrying away any paper, by cers, C for this al declared to be forfeited, every person or persons so oft ^eit ob sending shall forfeit and pay the Turn of fifty pounds.

XVIII. And, for the better preventing of frauds, by the lengthening or adding to any piece, or remnant of a piece, of such printed, painted, or jlained paper, after such piece of paper flail have been stamped or sealed at both ends thereof as by this act is required; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, at any time havin' The after the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred frame mark and eightyfix, any piece, or remnant of a piece of paper, print or being ed, painted, or stained, after the said first day of September, one marked at thousand seven hundred and eighty six, not having such frame , Iie d only, mark and (lamp thereon as is by this act required, or having fejte$ ancp such frame mark and (lamp at one end thereof only, and being also jol.

of as great or greater length than shall be expressed by such frame mark, or having such frame mark and (lamp at both ends thereof, and being of greater length than shall be expressed by such frame mark by the length of half a yard, or more, shall be found in the possession of any printer, painter, or stainer of paper, or trader or dealer therein, every such piece of paper or remnant shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any officer for the said duties, and the printer, painter, or stainer of paper, or trader or dealer therein, in whose possession the same shall be found, shall also forfeit and lose the lum of fifty pounds.

XIX. And, in order more effectually to prevent any frauds by shipping for exportation to foreign parts, any such printed, painted, or jlained paper, and obtaining a drawback of the duties payable for the same, and afterwards relanding and jelling 'the same for home con fuwption, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That,

from and after the said first day of September, one thousand seven gepr; g hundred and eighty six, whenever any person shall be desirous is exported,

of

oath to be made of the.

Nd paper stained after Sept, i, 1786, to be permit ted'to be packed for exportation, unless legally marked, C

Officer to measure paper exported, and cut off the marks, chow

fines are to be recovered and applied.

Limitation of actions.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 7 8. [ 17 86.

of packing up, in order to be exported to foreign parts, by way of merchandise, any paper printed, painted, or stained, before the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, in Great Britain, to serve for hangings and other uses, and not having 'such stamps or seals denoting the charging the said duties, and such frame marks denoting the measure thereof, at both ends of every piece of such paper, or of every sheet of such paper, where any single sheet is printed, painted, or stained, as are by this act required, such person, or his clerk or manager, shall make oath (or, being a Quaker, affirmation) before the surveyor or.supervisor, or other officer, of excise, appointed by the commissioners of excise, or the major part of them, for that purpose (who is hereby authorised add required to administer the same), that all and every such piece and pieces, or sheet or (beets of paper were printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, before the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred an, d eighty six; and such officer or officers shall not permit to be packed up in order to be exported, any piece of paper, or any sheet of paper, printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, after the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, not having the stamps or seals directed by this act denoting the charging the said duties, and also the frame marks denoting the measure thereof, distinct and plain at both ends of every such piece of paper, or sheet of paper, where a single sheet shall be printed, painted, or stained; the officer or officers who shall attend to see such paper, so printed, painted, or stained, after the said first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, packed up, shall take care to measure the said paper, and to see that the stamps or seals directed by this act denoting the ' charging of the duties thereupon, and also the frame marks denoting the measure thereof, are cut off from both ends of every piece of such paper, or every sheet of such paper, wherea single heet shall be printed, painted, or stained, before the same are packed up.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster> or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one moiety ot every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or fije for the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons, for anything by him, her, or them done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county; and the defendant

or

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 79. yj$

or defendants, in such action or salt, may plead the general General iflac* Tflue, and give this a:, and the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaint tiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, Treble costs. or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act to explain, amende and render more effectual, an act, made in the hfi fiffion of parliament, intituled An act for transferring the receipt and management of certain duties therein mentioned from the commissioners of excise, and the of of damps, respectively, to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes; and also for making further provisions in reiped to the said duties so transferred \ and for making certain provisions respecting oaths to be adminifltred by the commissioners for the duties on houses, and windows or lights, or any other duties put under their management.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS art aft was made in the twenty fourth year of his present' majesty's reign, intituled An act for granting to Act4 Geo. his Majesty certain duties on horses kept for the purpose of 3* C 31; and riding, and on horses used in drawing certain carriages, in re speeft whereof any duty of excise is made payable; and also another act was passed in the twenty-fifth year of his present ma jefifs reign, intituled An act for transferring the receipt and ad 2-5 Geo. management of certain duties, therein mentioned from the reeded* commissioners of excise; the of of damps, respectively, to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes; and also for making further'provisions in respect to the said duties so transferred; it is by the said first recited act enacted, That every per sin who shall keep or use any horse, mare, or gelding, for the purpose of riding, /hallyield and pay annually for every such horsep mare, or gelding, the sum often fillings: and whereas it is reasonable that per sins in circumstances herein after defer ibed hall not be charged with the said duty by the said first recited act imposed: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritgal and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of April, fromaprilj, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, no person or per ^86, ^0 horse fons who shall keep any horse, mare, or gelding, which shall be bandry^orfor Used truly, and without fraud, for the purpose cf husbandry, or carriage of of drawing any carriage (except such as was heretofore liable to burdens in any excise duty), of carrying burdens in the course of the trade^tradeoff or occupation of the person or persons to whom such horse, the proprie mare, or gelding shall belong, shall, in respect thereof, be for, to be chargeable with she duty by the said herein before first recited chargeable

with the duty

rode in cases herein specified.

776 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 79. [1786.

imposed by act imposed, or be construed to be within the intent and mean ing ^ lhe said first recited act, in case such horse, mare, or*ln^gelding, shall not be used for any other purpose of riding, save and except in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say. When returning from any place to which any load or burden shall haye, by such horse, mare, or gelding, been drawn or carried, or in going to any place from whence any load or burden shall be to be brought back by any such horse, mare, or gelding, or on account of such horse, mare, or gelding having been used for the purpose of riding to procure medical assistance, or for the purpose of riding to or from market, or to or from any place of public worship, or to or from any election of

'members to serve in parliament, or to or from any court of justice, or to or from any meeting of the commissioners of taxes; anything in the said recited act contained to the contrary notwithstar.ding,

II. And be it further enacted, That no duty shall be imposed, horses ke t assessed, or levied, by virtue of the said first recited act, for or in

by persons ex respect of any horse, mare, or gelding, whereof the owner or

erapted from owners, by reason of his, her, or their poverty, is, are, or shall be exempted from the actual payment of the usual raxes, assessments, and contributions, raised, levied, and paid towards the church and poor.

ILL. And whereas, by the said recited act of the twenty'fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, it is enacted, That the assessments made under the authority of that act Should be made for all horses whatsoever which shall, on any occasion whatsoever, be used for the purpose of riding, or in drawing any carriage (then subject to any excise duty J; from Fax foro anc lt prov'tded, that upon any appeal, where proof Should be made horsesrode to upon oath fitch horse, for which any person, occupying a farm not market or worth more than one hundred and fifty pounds per annum, Should church only, have been so assessed, had been only used for the purpose of riding to or repealed. from market;

or church, or other place of public worship, and to no other place, or for no other purpose of riding, it might be lawful for the of to make an abatement of the whole duty from the charge against the person to whom such horse shall belong; be it therefore further enacted, That the said recited clause and proviso shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

Persons occu*

IV. And be it further enacted, That no person occupying a pying farms farm, the relit or value of which shall be less than seventy vv^erann poun's a year anc making a livelihood solely thereby, shall be not'chargeab'le chargeable with the duty by the said before recited act imposed with duty for for or on account of any horse, mare, or gelding, being occa horses used in fionally used in riding; provided such horse, mare, or gelding, and onfd ^onakcpr anc u^ua^y employed for the purposes of huf ^cafionally.e bandry; anything in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And whereas several persons may have, unintentionally, omitted

to take, in due form and manner, the several oaths required by the several acts of parliament relative to the duties on houses, and win dows or lightsy or any other duties, put under the management of the

1 of

No tax to be levied for the poor's rate 8.

Clause of last recited act, exempting occupiers of farms of not more than

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 80. 777

comm'ijftoners for the aid duties onhouses, and windows or lights: and whereas in same of the aid acts there is no express provision made for the administering the oaths thereby required: be it therefore further enacted, That all and every person and persons, law Person? legal fully qualified to adfc as commissioner or of for the said duties on houses, and windows or lights, who have already commif3 adied, or, on or before the first day of October, one thousand fionersforthe seven hundred and eighty six, shall at in the execution of any duties on act or acts of parliament relative to the said duties on houses, r

and windows or lights, or any other duties now placed under jndem*the management of the commissioners for the said duties on nified from houses, and windows or lights, although such person or persons penalties for may not have taken the several oaths so required to be taken^aken^he2 by such person or persons, shall be, and he and they is and are;atha rcqu{r. hereby indemnified from any penalty or penalties incurred by ed. reason of such omissions; and all meetings and acts of the said of which have been, or shall have been on or before the said first day of October^ one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, had or done pursuant in all other respedb to the said acts respectively, shall be, and are hereby declared to be. valid and effectual to all intents and purposes.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the oath twocommif or oaths, required by the said acts relative to the duties on

houses, and windows or lights, or any other duties put under oaths, the management of the said of.for the duties on houses and windows or lights, or any of them, or which may be requisite or necessary; for carrying the said adis, or any of them, into execution, shall, and may be administered by any two or more of the of within each county, city, or place respectively, and they are hereby authorised to administer the same.

VII. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That it shall Two commis. and may be lawful for any two or more of the of

for the duties on houses, and windows or lights, or any other oathsto other duties put under their management, to administer to any other commission commissioner for the said duties, for the same county, city, or ers, though place, the oaths required to be taken by such of,h^}akeii although the said of administering the same have thein. not themselves previously taken the said oaths. selves.

CAP. LXXX.

An act for further continuing certain acts therein mentioned, relating to the further punishment of persons going armed or disguised in defiance of the laws of customs or excise; and to the preventing the committing of frauds by bankrupts.

WHEREAS an act was made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, (entitled, An act for the further, pu t9 Geo. *nishment of persons going armed or disguised, in defiance of and4fo^ocli*the laws of customs or excise; and for indemnifying offenders thereof as re against those laws, upon the terms therein mentioned; and for latcs to per

relief

G( le

778 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 80. [1786.

fons going relief of officers of the customs in informations upon seizures), a\itfed tn^de w^lc^ was i0' cq>niinue 'm forcb for seven years, and from thence to l^nce of the " seen f next fgssion f par^ment 5 and which, byseveral

laws of cuf 08f of the twenty sixth and thirty second years of the reign of his said toms and ex late Majesty, and the fourth, eleventh, and' eighteenth years of the th^reuef of rein f present Majesty, as to so much thereof as relates to per officersln^n sins n armed or disguised, in defiance of the laws of customs and formations to excise, and to the relief of officers of the customs in informations upon be continued seizures, was continued until the twenty ninth day of September, tiN29, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament: and whereas it is expedient

further to continue the same; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the fords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so muck of the said act of the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, as relates to persons going armed or disguised, in defiance of the laws of customs and excise; to the relief of officers of the customs in informations upon seizures, and all and every the methods, orders, directions, rules, proclamations, penalties, punishments, rewards, matters, and things, provided, settled, ordered, directed, imposed, given, and required, by the said act of the nineteenth of his said late Majesty, relative to the surrender, proclaiming, apprehending, harbouring, and punishing such offenders, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament. VII

And whereas it is expedient also to continue the law herein after mentioned, be it therefore further enacted by the authority afore. That an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his late

fmstt 29 majesty King George the Second, (entitled, An act to prevent j7#8.*the committing of frauds by bankrupts), which was to continue in

force from the twenty-fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, for the space of three years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which, by several subsequent acts, made in the ninth and sixteenth years of his said majesty's reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and by an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his said lat Majesty, was amended, and further continued until the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and which, by several subsequent acts, made in the thirty first year of his said late majesty's reign, and the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, qoe thousand seven hundred and seventy one; and which by an act, made in the twelfth year of his present majesty s reign, was ainended, and further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and seventy five, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament;

and

- Geo. sc.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 81. 77

and by another at, made in the sixteenth year of his present Majesty's reign. Was farther continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, onejhoufand seven hundred and eighty, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament 5 and by another a, made in the twenty first year of his present Majesty's reign, was further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, and from thence to the end of the then next fetfion of parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby further continued until the twenty-ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred eighty eight, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for the more effectual encouragement of the British fisherm.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is of the utmost importance to the preservation

and increase of the wealthy commerce, and naval'jlrength, of this your Majests kingdom of Great Britain, that thefijheries of your'

[aid kingdom Should receive everyr reasonable encouragement which they

may from time to time be found to require and which it is in the

power of parliament to bestow: may it therefore please your Majesty

that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's

most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con fen t of -

the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present

parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That prom june Tf

from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven hun 1787, an an

dred and eighty seven, for the space and term of seven years nual bounty

thence next ensuing, and from thence to the end of the then

next session of parliament, a bounty of twenty Shillings per tonne for f years, to

shall be paid annually, in the manner herein after prescribed, owners of

to the owner or owners of every decked vessel, of not less than ship of5

fifteen tonnes burden, manned and navigated according to law,

which shall be fitted out for, and employed in the British white pi0yed in the

herring fifoery, in the manner and under the regulations herein white herring

after directed and provided.^- fishery.

II. And be it further enacted, That every buss or vessel, in Particulars reorder to be deemed properly fitted our for and duly employed quired to en in the said fiffiery, so as to entitle the owner or owners thereof title vessels to to the said bounty of twenty Shillings per tonne hereby granted, '30unty* according to the true intent and meaning of this act, (half be a decked buss or vessel built in Great Britain, after the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and eighty, and shall have on board, (barrelled up in new barrels) twelve bushels of salt for every last of fish which such buss or vessel is capable of containing, and as many more new barrels as such buss or vessel is capable of carrying, and also two hundred and fifty square yards of netting for each tonne of buss measurement, together with the customary quantity of other materials for the equipment and mounting of the said two hundred and fifty yards of netting in the fishery business, but with liberty to make use of such nets

therein

780 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 8r.

[1 j86.

therein as shall be found best adapted to the said fishery; and shall have on board not less than five men for the first fifteen tonnes, and one additional man for every five tonnes by which such buss or vessel shall exceed fifteen tonnes, and so stored, accoutered, furnished, and manned, shall clear out of some port in Great Britain, at sometime between the first day of June and the first day of October in one and the same year, and shall proceed immediately upon the said fiffiery, and shall there begin and continue to fish, in an orderly, regular manner, without impeding or obstructing any other vessel which shall be employed in the said fishery, for the space of three months at the least, to be computed from the day upon which the matter and crew of r' such, buss or vessel shall first (hoot or wet their nets, unless such' buss or vessel shall, within that space of time, return into port with a full cargo of fish, taken wholly by the matter and crew / of such buss or vessel.

No vessel to

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no the^bouift* person or persons shall he entitled or allowed to receive the unless it pro bounty herein before granted, for any buss or vessel which shall ceeds on the not proceed directly upon the said fishery from that part of the' f(hery di united kingdotn to which such buss or vessel shall belong, and redly from where the owner or owners, or any one or more of the owners which it be f (hch buss or vessel shall reside; and that the matter and longs, C owner or owners of such buss or vessel shall take out a licence, to proceed on her intended voyage, from the collector or comptroller of the port where such buss or vessel wa bona fide manned, victualled, furnished, acpoutered, and fitted out for her then intended voyage; anything in this actor any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Officers of the

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That before customs to any such buss or vessel shall proceed on such voyage, or be inf fdsand cert, te to the benefit of this act, such buss or vessel shalljbe VI tifyparticu" fifed by such fficer or officers of the customs belonging to the lars to the port where such buss or vessel shall be cleared outwards, as commission shall be appointed by the commissioners of the customs for that ers* purpose; which officer or officers shall examine such buss or

vessel, and take an account of the tonnage thereof by admeasurement, and shall certify to the said of such his or their visitation, examination, and admeasurement, and that such buss or vessel hath on board (as the fadi may be) such a quantity of fishing nets, and other stores to be used in the said fishery, as herein before mentioned, and is otherwise a proper vessel to be employed in the said fishery; and thereupon, in case the owner or owners, or one or more of the owners, or his or

Oath to be made of the vt(tel's being to proceed immediately on the ficbery,

their respective agent or agents, and also the matter or chief officer of such ship or vessel, (half make oath, in writing, beforp the collector or comptroller of such port (who is hereby im powered and required to take and administer the same), to be subscribed to the said certificate, that it is really and truly their firm purpose and determined resolution, that such buss pr vessel, as then manned, furnished, and accoutered, shall proceed

irhme

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 8rj

immediately upon the British white herring fishery, there to

continue filing, in an orderly, regular manner, for the space of

three calendar months at the least (unless such buss or vessel

shall sooner obtain a full lading 0^ fish), without impeding or

obstructing any other vessel which shall be employed in the said

fishery; and if, after such certificate had, and oath made, such

owner or owners, or some or one of such owners or his or their respective agent or agents, and also the master or chief

officer of such buss or vessel, shall also become bound, with two and security

sufficient sureties, unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in

the penalty of such sum as shall be equal to treble the bounty (fu^of the*

on the tonnage of such buss or vessel intended by this a, crew,

(which bond the collector, with the approbation of the comptroller, is hereby required to accept, and is to be in force for the space of three years against the parties thereby becoming bound for the faithful dealing of the said master and his crew, in regard to the said buss or vessel, and voyage), then, and in such case, it shall and may be lawful for the colleger and comptroller of such port to give and grant, and they are hereby re which is to inquired to give and grant, to the owner or owners and master of [fences for such buss or vessel, full licence and authority to proceed on such the voyage. voyage as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That on the return of any Officers of the such buss or vessel into any port of Great Britain for the difhpretnrnof charge of such buss or vessel, the chief officer of the customs, aship, tocer or such other officer, of the customs as he shall appoint at such tify her coupon, shall immediately repair on board of such buss or vessel, dition, 'and view the condition thereof, and of its lacting, and certify the same, together with his observations thereon, and also the real tonnage of such buss or vessel, and the names of the master and other persons on board; and the master or chief officer of and oath to such buss or vessel shall also make oath before the collector or be made that comptroller of such port (who is hereby empowered and re. fwere^d to the quired to administer the same), to be written on the back of, terms requir or annexed to, the licence granted as aforesaid (which the facted; master is hereby required to deliver up), that such buss or vessel did, without delay, proceed from the port in such licence mentioned, upon its last clearance from thence outwards, to or upon the British white herring fishery, and did there remain and continue employed in fishing for herrings dr other fish, according to law from the day of to the

day of (expressing the respective days ot

beginning and ceasing to fish); and that, during all that time the quantity of nets and other stores, and number of men, by law required, were on boarcl of the said buss or vessel or cm X

ployed in the lawful prosecution of the said fishery, and that the said buss or vessel hath not, since its said last clearance out wards* from the said port, been on any other voyage, or pursued any other design or view of profit than that of taking fish, and faking or curing the same, or faking or curing other fresh fish lawfully purchased at Tea: and that all the fish brought into Vex. XXXV Fff port

ysz Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. Sr.

[1786.

port by the said buss or vessel were taken by the crew belonging thereto, or (in case of such buss or vessel not returning till after the expiration of three months) were purchased of British fub which certifi jedls $ which certificate, licence, and oath, together with an ae > cate, with the 0unt Gf fifo taken by the said buss or vessel, shall be trans are tctbe C' fitted by the said collector or comptroller, in case the said buss transmitted to or vessel departed with such licence from any port within that the commis part of Great Britain called England, to the of of the sioners, who customs for England; and in case such buss or vessel departed the bounty^o ^cence from any Port within that part of Great Bribe

paid. tain called Scotland, to the commissioners of the customs or ex r cife for Scotland: and such of respectively, being fully satisfied of the faithful dealing of the matter, and other persons employed or concerned in such buss or vessel, with respect to such voyage and fishing, shall, on demand, cause payment to be made to the owner or owners, or to his or their assigns, by the receiver-general of the customs or excise, as the case shall happen, the sum of twenty Shillings per tonne, according to the admeasurement of such buss or vessel, duly certified as aforesaid.

Vesselsre

VI. Provided always, and be it further ertatsted, That the

leftthan^he owner or owners of any buss or vessel which shall return into proper num Port from the said fishery with a less number of men than such berof men, or buss or vessel is hereby required to have on board, as aforesaid, without a full unless it shall be made appear that the said reduction was occasioned b^entitled U)^death, sickness, or desertion, without any default, fraud, or bounty. collusion, on the part of such owner or owners, or which shall so return within the said space of three calendar months, to be computed as aforesaid, without a full cargo of herrings, or, having such a full cargo, unless the whole thereof were actually caught and taken by the matter and crew belonging to such buss or vessel, shall not be entitled to any bounty on the tonnage of any such buss or vessel respectively; anything in this act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Bounties to

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe be paid by lawful to and for the of of his majesty's customs in ceneratotthe England and Scotland respectively, to order the said bounty to be customs, etc. paid by the receiver-general or cashier of the customs for that part of Great Britain from whence the buss or vessel, in respect whereof the same shall be payable, shall have departed, as here in before directed, out of any money in the hands of such receiver-general or cashier, arising from any duties, revenues, or customs, under the management of such respective of; if the receiver-general or cashier of the customs at Edinburgh shall not have lufrcient money in his hands to pay the said bounty, the of of his majesty's customs at Edinburgh, or any three of them, shall forthwith give the person or persons, entitled to receive such bounty, a certificate thereof, directed to the of of the excise for that part of Great Britain called Scotland; which certificate being affixed to the said licence and other the certificates and documents aforesaid, and

being

ifs .] Arina vlctfttno feeto Georgii III. c. Su

being produced to the said commissioners of excise, they the said of are hereby authorised and required, on demand, to cause the money, so certified to be due, to be paid by the receiver-general or easier of the said excise, out of any money in his hands arising from any of the duties and revenue under the management of such of 5 any law, usage* or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the For every bar said first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and eighty re! of herring seven, for and during the term of seven years, and from thence aadcomplete to the end of the then next session of parliament, for every bar ly cured, a tel of herrings twice packed and completely cured, which shall, bounty of 48* during anyone year be landed from any buss or vessel, theto^epa^r owner or owners of which, in respect thereof, shall be entitled

to the aforesaid bounty of twenty Shillings per tonne, under and by virtue of this at there shall be paid a bounty of four Shillings. # but if the

IX. Provided always and be it enacted, That if the number quantity im

of barrels of herrings imported by any such buss or vessel shall Ported exin any one year, exceed the proportion of two barrels and the portion of" half of one barrel of herrings packed and cured as aforesaid for two and one every tonne of the burden of such buss or vessel, then and in half barrels such case there shall be paid, for every barrel so exceeding to a tonne 0!jf the said proportion, a bounty of one shilling only, and no above^hat^ more.^proportion.

X Provided also, and be it further enacted, That, for the Quantitytobe more effectual prevention of fraud, all herrings, the proprietor copu.tc<*

Or proprietors of which, in respeff thereof, shall be entitled to, statcvffea6 or claim the said bounties of four Shillings and one shilling, fteeks, barer either of them, shall be computed at the time of their being rels of which unflhipped, while they are in the state in which they are usually are te denominated Sea Steeks or herrings not repacked, and that four totof her barrels of herrings in that state shall be considered as equiva ring twice lent to three barrels of herrings packed a second time. packed.

XL. And whereas the said bounties of four billings, and one jbiu ling, herein before granted, will afford encouragement to those fish- tries alone that are carried on either by decked vessels ft ted out under such regulations, and continuing at sea for such time as herein before respectively mentioned and directed^ or by such open boats as are employed on the same coasts with those vessels, and find in the mafiers of such vessels purchasers of the fib they take; and inasmuch as it is reasonable and expedient, that all indu/lrious fishermen engaged in the herring fishery, Should in some measure participate in all suck encou. no

ragements as parliament hall give to the said fishery; be it therefore entitledtothe enacted That for all herrings which shall be landed from any bountyof aos. boat or vessel, not entitled to the said bounty of twenty Shillings Per tonne a per tonne, and which shall afterwards be properly felted and barrel to cured, there shall be paid a bounty of one shilling per barrel. be paid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That before any bounty Calks con granted by this at, shall be paid to the persons entitled to re tainingher ceive the same, eyrery cask or package of herrings on which the bointy/ta

ff f % laid be branded.

Bounties of 48. and is. per barrel to

784 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 81, f 178&

said bounty shall be demanded shall be branded, in the sight of the officer of the customs, with an hot iron, in such legible and lading marks or characters as the of of the custotfis shall direct, and as may effectually distinguish the casks or packages containing herrings landed from buses or vessels entitled to the said bounty on the tonnage thereof, from such as contain herrings landed from boats or vessels not entitled to such bounty on the tonnage.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several and per barrel to respective bounties of four Shillings, and one shilling, for every be paid as the barrel of herrings imported by any such buss, vessel, or boat bounty of 20s. respectively, as aforesaid, shall be paid and payable by such and per tonne, the fgme person or persons and in such and the same manner as

the said bounty of twenty Shillings per tonne shall be paid or payable by and under, and by virtue and according to the true intent and meaning of this act, upon a debenture or certificate to be prepared and granted by the collector or comptroller of the V customs in the port were the fish, in respect whereof the said

bounty shall be payable, shall be entered, and to be verified by the person executing the office of searcher in such port.

XIV. And, for the encouragement of the fishery usually. called The Deep Sea Fishery, on the north and north east coasts of this king

Toveffelsem jom. be it enacted, That from and after the said first day of Deep Sea DC June one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, for the Fiftiery, addi* (pace of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then tionai pre next session of parliament, over and besides the several bounties miums to be herein before granted, there shall be payable and paid the feve the^reateft^ ra p^wiums or sums following; (that is to say). For the quantity of greatest quantity of herrings which shall be caught by the crew herrings im of any one buss or vessel, the owner or owners whereof, in reported in one spe& of such buss or vessel, shall be entitled to the said several tween Tune i ^oun^es f twenty Shillings per tonne, and four Shillings, and one and Nov. 31/ shilling per barrel, herein before granted, respectively, and guineas; which shall be imported or brought in, by such buss or vessel between the first day of June and the thirty first day of novem for the next ber in any one year, the premium or sum of eighty guineas; and greatest quan for the next greatest quantity of herrings, which shall be fa 1 y' 9 caught, imported, and brought in as aforesaid, the premium or for the next, sum of sixty guineas; and for the next greatest quantity of her 40* rings which shall be so caught, imported, and brought in as

for the next, aforesaid, the premium or sum of forty guineas; and for the s next greatest quantity of herrings which shall be so caught, imported,

and brought in as aforesaid, the premium or sum of twenty guineas; each of which said several premiums or fuma shall be payable and paid at any time or times after the thirty first day of November in every year, by such and the same person, and in such and the same manner, as the said bounty of twenty Shillings per tonne upon the buss or vessel, the owner or owners whereof in respect of such ship or vessel shall be entitled to such premium or sum, shall be paid or payable under or by virtue and according to the true intent, and meaning of this a.

upon

Got e

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. d Zu 785

upon a debenture or certificate to be prepared and granted by the collector or comptroller of the customs in the port where the fish in respect whereof the same shall be payable shall be entered, and to be verified by the person executing the office of searcher in such port.

XV. And whereas it is highly expedient, as well for the purpofi

of encouraging the fisheries by an extension of the market, as for that*of providing a cheap and wholesome article of food for the support of the poor, that all duties now payable by law on such herrings, codling, and salmon or other fifo caught and cured by British subjects as are removed for home consumption except as herein after is mentioned Should cease and determine \ be it therefore enacted, That, Duties now from and after the said first day of June one thousand feveh payable on hundred and eighty seven, all duties, now payable by virtue of for any act or acts heretofore^made, and now in force, for or in home con respect of such herrings, cod, ling, hake, and salmon, or other fumptionto white fish, caught and cured by British subjects, as shall be re cease on June moved for home consumption (save only and except such1*177* equalising duties as are by this act expressly granted or directed to be continued on salmon, cod, ling, hake, tusk, and other white fish, cured with salt for which the duty hath been paid,

and which shall be imported into England from Scotland shall cease and determine.

XVI. And whereas by an act passed in the fifth year of the reign 5 Geo. 1. C of his late majesty^king George the First intituled An act for re 18, recited, covering the credit of the British fishery in foreign parts, and

better securing the duties on salt, the several bounties rates or sums therein and herein after expressed, were granted and made payable for all such fish therein and herein after mentioned, as Should be exported from any port or place in Great Britain, into parts beyond the Jeas; (that is to say). For every hundred of cod fish, ling, or hake, except dried cod fish, ling, or hake (commonly called Haberdine), which Should contain in length fourteen inches or upwards from the bone in the sin to the third joint in the tail, five billings; and for every hundred weight of dried cod fish, ling, or hake, (commonly called Haberdine), three Billings: and whereas the distinction between the dried cod called Haberdine, and dried cod not so called is found to he useless, inasmuch as little less than the whole quantity of dried cod exported, during the last thirty years, hath been pipped as haberdine, and as it also appears that the value of cod in some of the foreign markets is much diminped by that degree of dryness, which gives it the denomination of haberdine; be it therefore further enacted.

That, from and after the passing of this act, for all such dried For such fish cod, ling, or hake, as under and by virtue of the said act, of as heretofore the fifth year of the reign of his said late majesty King George ^jntn^ftied the First, or any subsequenr act or acts, would (in case this act tojs^per C had not been made) have been entitled to the said bounty of hundred five Shillings per hundred thereby granted, there shall be pay weight on

able and paid the rate or sum of three Shillings per hundred exportation,

r r.1 r b r n. T no more than

in such and the same manner, in every respect as the tohenaid - Fffj said5 p

j Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. Zu [1786.

said bounty, Tate, or sum of three Shillings by the said act granted for every hundred weight of dried cod fish, ling, or hake, commonly called Haberdine, is or shall be payable by force or virtue thereof; and the said bounty of five Shillings per hundred shall henceforth be discontinued and repealed, and be no longer paid or payable; anything in the said act of the fifth year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the First, or any other act or acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

jfafteroft.i,

XVII. And be it further enacted, That on all barrels and fishbe casks in which any fish whatsoever (except frefti fish) shall, Icafks^ not frqfn ancter day Ofioher, one thousand seven hun

btanded with dred and eighty six, be packed or put up, either for exporta the curers tien or home consumption, the respective names of the curers j be of such fish shall be marked and burnt with iron, in fair, large, torrei ed. legible, conspicuous and permanent characters; and that every barrel or calk in which any fish (except fresh fish) shall, from and after the time aforesaid, be packed or put up, and which shall not have the name of the curer thereof marked and burnt as aforesaid, shall and may be seized and secured, by any officer or officers of his majesty's customs; and upon due proof of the fast being made, on oath, before any one of his majesty's justices of the peace, every such barrel or calk shall, together with the fish therein contained, be forfeited and lost.

aft^r June i,

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the (laves of every 1787, the barrel, in which any white herrings or wet white fish shall,

rel8?nwhich rom nd after the said first day of June, one thousand seven

white her hundred and eighty seven, be packed or put up for exportation, rings are (hpll not be of a less thickness at the bulge than half an inch,

packed for ^ncj that every such barrel shall be full bound, and that every

multbfhalf barrel in which such fish shall be so packed or put up, and an inch thick, which shall be found to be of less thickness than as aforesaid, and full or not full bound, shall and may be seized and secured by any bound, or for officer or officers of his majesty's customs; and upon due proof reited. of the f?ft being made, on oath, before any one of his Majesty's justices of the peace, shall, together with the fish therein contained, be forfeited and lost.

XIX. And, for the better encouragement of the fisheries, be it

seamen or fishermen 7 years in the fisheries, entitled to the privileges granted by 2, z Geo. z. C

44.

seven successive years, have followed the occupation cf a seaman or fishermen, on board of any ship or vessel employed in the fisheries of Great Britain, (being a married man), may setup and exercise any such trade as he is apt and able for, in any town or pla.ee within the kingdom of Great Britain, without any let, suit, or molestation of any person or persons whomsoever, for pr by reason of the using of such trade, as freely, and with the same provisions, and under the same regulations, and with the like exception in respect to the two universities of that part of Great Britain called England, as any mariner or foldiefr may do, by virtue of an act passed in the twenty fecqnd year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled.

An

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 81.

An act to enable such officer s; marinersy and soldiers, as have been in his Majesty's service since his accession to the throne, to exerc'tje trades.

XX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons to carry, from any port or place in the united kingdom of Great Britain, to any other port or place in the said united kingdom, for home confqmption, any red herrings or white herrings, or any salmon, cod, ling, tu(k, or other white fish, cured with salt, made in any part of Great Britain.

XXI. And whereas the salt, used in the cure ofsalmon, cod, ling, hake, tujk, and other white fish, taken on the coafis of this kingdom, and removed for home consumption, (save only for the cure of ling and hake, taken by the crews of vessels employed in the white herring fishery during their continuance at sea), is subject to the payment of the salt duties; and, by reason such duties are considerably less in Scotland than in England, it is jujl and necessary that a duty Should be paid upon the importation into England, for home consumption, of cod, ling, hake, salmon, and other white fish, cured in Scotland with homemade salt, for which the duties payable in Scotland for homemade salt have been there paid or fe cured, in order to make the said duties payable in Scotland on homemade salt used in the curing of such fish, equal to the duties payable on homemade salt used in England in the cure of such fish for home consumption; be it therefore further enacted, That the several rates and duties, which by an act made in the twenty-ninth yer of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for encouraging the fisheries in that part of Great Britain culled Scotland, are made payable on the importation into England, of salmon, cod, ling, tu(k, and other white fish, cured with salt made in Scotland, for which the duty hath been there paid or secured, shall be continued, and the same or the like rates and duties shall, from and after the passing of this act, be extended to, and shall be paid and payable for, all salmon, cod, ling, hake, tusk, and other white fish, brought from Scotland into any port or place in E, ngland for home consumption, cured in Scotland with salt made in any part of Great Britain, for which the duty hath been paid or secured; and that the several provisions, regulations, and restrictions, in the said act contained or thereby prescribed, for the entry and clearance of such salmon, cod, ling, hake, tusk, and other white fish, cured with salt made in Scotland, and for the importation and removal thereof, and for the payment and securing the duties thereby granted in respect thereof, and the several penalties thereby inflicted for any breach, difqbedience, or non observance of the said provisions and regulations, shall be observed, performed, and enforced, in respect to the rates and duties hereby granted, in the same manner as if the same were here repeated and re enacted, ny thing herein before contained to the contrary qqtwith? (landing.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

y f f 4 pa fling

7g7

Fish cared With British salt may be exported from one port to another in the united kingdom for home consumption i

Duties payable by 19 Geo. 2. c. 23. on the importation of fish cured with salt made in Scotland, to be extended to imported fish cured with salt made in any part of Great Britain, and the regulations of that act extended to this.

Fish may be carried from

y88 Micelimo sexto Georgii III. C.

[1786.

one port to passing of, (his as, it shall and ma be lawful to and for any another m person or persons to carry from any port or place in the said exportation, united kingdom of Great Britain, to any other port or place onppath being W the said united kingdom, for exportation to foreign parts, j made that any fed, herrings or whitp herrings, or any salmon, cod, ling, they were tu(k, or other white lh, the owner of the fish, or mailer of the tain^anctcar ve^eh making oath before the chief officer of the customs, or ed with home his deputy (\yho is hereby required to administer the same), biade salt. that such fish were caught ia Great Britain, or on the coast thereof, and cured with salt delivered duty free from some part of the said united kingdom of Great Britain, and when and where, and to whom the said salt was so delivered.

Fish so

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

coastwise for pang auch rec herrings, white herrings, salmon,

exportationtp cod, ling, tu(k, or other white fish, so brought or conveyed be entitled to coastwise from one port or place of the said united kingdom of the bounties Great Britain to another, shall, upon exportation thereof, or C 18 and to^Part thereof, to foreign parts, be entitled to the same allow be subject to ances or bounties as by the said act passed in the fifth year of the regula the reign of his late majesty King George the First, are granted (ions thereof, on the exportation of fish cured in Great Britain, such fish being subject to the same rules and regulations to prevent the relanding or reimporting thereof, after clearance outwards for exportation to foreign parts, and the owner or owners thereof, being flibject to the same penalties in case of such relanding, or any other fraudulent proceeding, in order to obtain the said, as by the said act are prescribed or inflicted in regard to fish cured and exported from Great Britain, anything in the same, or any other act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Bounties on

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no bf^fishcar? allowance or bounty upon such exportation to foreign parts as

ried from aforesaid, of any red herrings, white herrings, salmon, cod,

England to ling, tusk, or other white fish, so brought or carried coastwise Scotland, to ftpip any port or place in that part of Great Britain called eng the^customs to any port or place in that part of Great Britain called

in England, Scotland, shall be paid in that part of Great Britain called scot on debenture land; but that the chief officer of the customs, or his deputy from the of at the por* or pjace from which such fish shall be so exported port of exto foreign parts, upon the request of the person or persons

partition. exporting the same, and oath made before the said chief officer

'or his deputy (who are hereby respectively empowered to administer

the same) of the shipping of the said fish, and itsjiot being felanded, or intended to be relanded, in Great Britain, give a debenture under his hand, without delay, see, or reward, for payment of the said allowances for bounties; which debenture being produced to the commissioners of the customs, in that part of Great Britain called England, shall entitle the exporter of such fish, or his assigns, to the payment.of the allowances or bounties granted by the said recited act of the fifth year of King George the First; and the said of are hereby*'required

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. & 8f. 789

required to pay the same out of any money remaining in their hands, arising by any branch of his majesty's customs, regard being had to the priority of the dates of the said debentures in the payment thereof,

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Bounties on allowance or bounty upon such re exportation as aforesaid, of ^pp^tation any red herrings, white herrings, salmon, cod, ling, tusk, or ^omScotland other white fish, so carried coastwise from any port or place in to England, that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to any port or place to be paid in in that part of Great Britain called England, shall be paid in Scotland, on that part of Great Britain called England; but that the chief officer at officer of the customs, or his deputy at the port or place from the port of which such fish shall be so exported to foreign parts, shall, upon exportation, the request of the person or persons exporting the same, and oath made before the said chief officer or his deputy, (who are hereby respectively empowered tq administer the same), of the shipping of the said fish, and its not being relanded, or intended to be relanded in Great Britain, give a debenture under his hand, without delay, see, or reward, for payment of the said allowances or bounties; which debenture being produced to the commissioners of the customs, or to the of of the excise, (at the option of the importer, or his assigns), in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall entitle the exporter of such fish, or his assigns, to the payment of the allowances or bounties granted by the said recited act of the fifth year of King George the First; and the said of are hereby required to pay the same out of any money remaining in their hands, arising by any branch of his majesty's customs or excise, regard being had to the priority of the dates of the said debentures in the payment thereof,

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Entry to be proprietor or proprietors, of such red herrings, white herrings, made, at the falmqn, cod, ling, tusk, or other white fish, as shall be put on of the board of any ship or vessel in any port or place in Great Britain xo quantity, etc. be transported or carried to any other port or place in Great where cured, Britain, whether for home consumption, or exportation to C foreign parts, or his or their respective agent or agents, shall, before such ship or vessel shall depart from the port or place where the same shall be so shipped, make a full and particular entry with the collector, or other principal officer of the customs at such port or place, or his deputy, of the fish so shipped, expressing the number of barrels of wet fish, with the marks and numbers thereof, and the number and weight of each species of dry fish, and declare upon oath that the said fish were cured in Great Britain, or on the coast thereof, and whether hey were cured with salt delivered duty free, or with salt for which the duty payable by law hath been paid or secured, and that the salt used in curing such wet or dry fish respectively was taken on board from some port or place in Great Britain, and when and where it was so taken on board, and that no drawback for the same hath been had, or is intended to be had,

upon.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 8l.: [1786.

upon the exportation of the said salt, (which oath the said collector, or other principal officer of the customs, or his deputy, Officers of the is hereby authorised to administer); and is likewise required to grant and deliver to the matter of such ship or vessel, without delay, see, or reward, a certificate or cocquet under his hand, that such entry or entries, and oath or oaths, have been duly made; and the matter of every ship or vessel wherein such fish shall be shipped to be carried coastwise as aforesaid, or the proprietor or proprietors of such fish, or his or their respective agent or agents, shall, before landing or putting on shore the said fish, or any part thereof, or putting it on board of any other ship or boat in any port or place of Great Britain, deliver

79o

custom8 to grant certificate of such entry, which is to be delivered by the master previous to his landing the fish, on penalty of forfeiture there the said certificate or cocquet to the proper officer of the cuf 0, etc toms in the port or place where the same shall be imported brought in, or landed, or put on board of any other ship or boat, upon pain of forfeiting all such fish as shall be so imported, brought in, or landed, or put on board of any other ship or boat, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, ancj also double the value thereof, together with all the casks or vessels in which such fish shall be found, the same to be recovered of the importer or proprietor of the fitti, or of the master of the ship or vessel'in which the same shall be imported and brought in; and all officers, as well of his majesty's customs, as of the duties upon salt, are hereby authorised and im powered to seize all such red herrings, white herrings, fajmon* cod, ling, tu(k, or other white fish, imported, broqght'in, landed, or put on board of any other ship or boat, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and also the ea(ks or vessels in which any such fish shall be found as aforesaid

Recital of part

XXVII. And whereas, by the said recited act of the fifth year of of 5 Geo. j. C the reign of King George the First, it is enacted That carers of fish Should thenceforth be allowed to take from any salt works, or fall pits, any such quantity of British salt, where the same was allowed by law for the curing offish for exportation, as they Should think proper for curing of fijfh for foreign markets, without paying any duty to his Majesty for the same, such British salt being taken from the said salt pits, or salt works, and weighed, in the presence of an offi ter for the duties on salt, and lodged in a warehouse, under the lock and key of the said officer, as well as the proprietor of the said salt, which British salt, so lodged as aforesaid, Should remain in the custody of the said officer, jointly with the said proprietor, during the several intervals of the several fishing seasons; the proprietor or proprietors, or his or their agent or agents, entering, at the next office for the duty on salt, the quantity a/'british salt so lodged by him or them, from time to time as aforesaid, and the said officer keeping an account of every quantity of the said salt so entered and lodged m his custody as aforesaid; such salt to be delivered to the proprietor or proprietors thereof, or his or their agent or agents, for the purposes, and upon the terms and conditions, and in the manner, and to be used, returned, and accounted for, as in the same aft is mentioned and directed \ and whereas a doubt hath arisen, whether under or by virtue

2 7$6.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 8r.

i rfo said last mentioned act, curers of fib / Britain, authorised to take British salt from any distant salt works, or salt pits, wferv the Jame is allowed by law for the curing of fish for exportation, and to ship and remove the same cooftwife to any other port or place in Great Britain, for the purposes in the same aft mentioned, and more especially whether such curers of fish, as reftde in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, are at liberty, under the said act or any other act or acts> to remove salt coastwise from any salt pits, or Jalt works, in that part of Great Britain called England, the exijleace of which doubt hath in many inflames been found detrimental to the saidfifberies; be it enacted, That, from and Salt for the after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and curing of fish for the curers of fish in any part of the united kingdom of Great herrin^sea britain, to take from any salt works, or salt pits, in Great son for&ome Britain, such quantity of British salt as they shall think proper, consumption, as well for the curing of any kind of fish for exportation to so a8 well as for reign markets, as for the curing of herrings and other fish taken exportation in the herring fishery for home consumption, without paying may be taken any duty for the same, and to bring, carry, transport, and re duty free, move coastwise, the salt so taken, to any port or place in Great etc on th? Britain, such curers of fish, or their respective agents, before such salt shall be removed from the salt work, or salt pit, enter P ing, at the next office for the duty on salt, the quantity of salt so intended to be removed, and procuring the same to be weighed in the presence of an officer for the duties upon salt before the removal thereof, and also making oath in writing before such officer (to be by him filed in his office for the duty on salt), declaring the true quantity of such salt, and that all thetaid salt is intended for the curing of fish for exportation, or for the curing of herrings and other fish taken in the herring fishery for home consumption (as the case may be), and that the said salt is intended to be carried, transported, or removed coastwise to such a port or place, (naming the same), and shall not, by their order, consent, or connivance, directly or indirectly be sold, given away, or any ways delivered but for the purpose aforesaid; and also making a full and particular entry of such salt Entry to be with the proper officer of the customs at the port or place where raade at the the same shall be, or is intended to be shipped, for the purpose p^rgfuchfoft of being brought, carried, transported or removed coastwise as an(j bond*aforesaid, and also giving security to the said officer, by their given; bond or obligation, in double the amount of the duties payable by law upon such salt, for the due payment of such duties; and the proprietor or proprietors of such salt so to be brought, carried, transported, or removed coastwise as aforesaid, or his or their agent or agents, shall, on the arrival thereof at the port and like entiy or place for which it shall havp been To shipped and entered as to be made as aforesaid, and before the same shall be relanded, make a full the intended and particular entry withe thecoliecftor, or other principal officer

of the customs there, of the salt so brought in and intended to b*be relanded, expressing the true quantity thereof; and also piaking path in writing, before such collector or pthef officer,

that

m

Officer of the customs to deliver certificate of entry, which is to cancel the bond, etc.

Salt carried coastwise, contrary to this act, to be forfeited, with double its value, betides the duties.

8 Geo. a. and

C

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 81; [1786.

that all the said salt was shipped or taken on board at such 21 port or place, (naming the same), and when the same was so shipped or taken on board, and that all the said salt is intended for the curing of fish for exportation, or for the curing of herrings and other fish taken in the herring fishery for home consumption, (as the case may be), and that no part of such salt, since the same was shipped, hath been, or shall be thereafter, by their order, consent, or connivance, directly or indirectly sold, given away, or any ways delivered, but for the purpose aforesaid, and that no drawback for the same hath been had, or is intended to be had, upon the exportation of the said salt; after which oath the said collector, or other principal officer of the customs, is required to grant and deliver to the proprietor or proprietors of the said salt, or his or their agent or agents, without fee or reward, a certificate, under his hand, that such entry hath been made; upon the production and delivery whereof to the officer of the customs, to whom such bond shall have been given as aforesaid, such bond shall be delivered up to be cancelled; and after such entry and oath made, the proprietor or proprietors of such salt, or his or their agent or agents, shall be at liberty to reland the same in the presence of the proper officer, and such salt, being weighed in the presence of such officer, and lodged in a warehouse, under the lock and key of the said officer, as well as of the proprietor of the said salt, shall be secured, managed, ordered, and dealt with, delivered over, and accounted for, in such and the same manner as is in and by the said recited act of the fifth year of the reign of King George the First prescribed or directed, concerning the salt thereby allowed to be taken by curers of fish for exportation, as aforesaid, anything in the said recited act, or in an act made in Vie twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled, An act for encouraging the fisheries in that part of Great Britain called Scotland), or any other act or acts, or itny custom or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any British salt shall be removed from the works or pits, or carried, brought, transported, or removed coastwise, or landed, contrary to the regulations prescribed by this act, and to the true intent and meaning hereof, such salt, and also double the value thereof, over and besides the duties payable for the same, shall be forfeited, to be recovered of the proprietor or proprietors of such salt, or the master of the vessel so carrying, bringing, iransporting* or removing the same.

XXIX. And whereas by an act passed in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled An act for granting and continuing the duties upon salt, and upon red and white herrings, for the further term of four years; and for giving further time for the payment of, duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contrasts of clerks and apprentices), it is enacted, That, from and after the time therein mentioned, no foreign salt Jboulfbe deliywei over from the joint custody of the of

sat

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 8r. 795

ficer and proprietor into the foie custody of the proprietor, or his agent, for curing fish for exportation, except he or they hold g ve security, to the satisfaction of the chief officer of the salt duty in he port where such salt Should he imported that he or they jh: uld and would account for the foreign salt so by him or them to be received, in the terms of and according to the true intent and meaning of the therein recited acts^ made in the fifth and eighth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, or fioould answer the federal penalties in the said acts dire Red to be recovered from the proprietor offending against the said several acts, or either of them: and whereas by an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign is Geo. 5. of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for reducing the allow C in p31* ances for waste on salt and rock salt; for regulating the expor recte tation of salt to Jersey Guernsey, Alderney, and Sark; for repealing the laws allowing the use of soul salt for manure only; for allowing a drawback on the exportation of Glauber or Epsom salts; for restraining fish curers from being dealers in salt 5 for regulating the exportation of herrings from the Isle of Man; for better securing the duties on salt; and for indemnifying persons who have been guilty of offences against the laws relating to the duties on salt); after reciting that British salt, delivered duty free for the curing of fish for foreign markets, was liable to frauds for want of security being given as for foreign salt when delivered over into the curers foie custody at the beginning of the fishing season, it is enacted, That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty five, on delivering over such British salt from the joint custody of the officer and proprietor, into the foie custody of the proprietor, or his agent, for the curing of fish for exportation, the said proprietor, or his agentx Should give security, to the satisfaction of the chief officer of the salt duties, in the port or place where such salt had been lodged, in double the amount of the duties, that he or they Should and would account for the same in the terms of and according to the true intent and meaning of the several acts of parliament made in that behalf in like manner as the curers of fish then did for foreign salt taken for the curing fish for exportation, by virtue of an act made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second: and inconveni whereas the security usually required by the officer of the salt duties, en.ee having under and by virtue of the said recited acts of the eighth year of the twohft reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the twenty. recited a fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty's being the bond of the proprietor himself and two sureties, in double or treble the amount of the duties payable for the salt in respect whereof such security is taken hath been found of great inconvenience to the proprietors, and to operate very much to the discouragement of the fisheries; for re tnedy whereof be it enacted, That, from and immediately after salt may the passing of this act, whenever any salt, foreign or British7 henceforward shall be delivered over from the joint custody of the officer and proprietor, into the foie custody of the proprietor or his agent tod of the for curing fish for exportation, such proprietor or his agent, proprietor on " shall not be obliged or required, under or by force or virtue of his own bond,

Credit to be given on the back of the bond for the quantity of

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 81. [ r 78$.

the said recited acts of the eighth year of the reign of hrs fate majesty King George the Second, and the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, or either of them, or any other act or acts whatsoever, to give any security, by surety or sureties, for the purposes therein expressed, but. his own bond, in double the amount of the duties only, and no otherwise, anything in the said acts, or any of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further eixaded. That credit for the quantity or quantities of salt, for which such bond shall be given as aforesaid, which shall have been used and duly accounted for,

_____^ shall, from time to time, be given by the proper officer on the

felt accounted back of the said bond; and also that, when a proper account for, etc. shall have been rendered of the whole of the salt specified therein, or the duties paid upon the deficiency thereof, the said bond shall be void, and shall be delivered up and cancelled. mptvf"

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no bond or other fttpds security to be given by any taker or curer of fish, or the master or owner of any boat, buss, or vessel employed in the british fisheries, or in the exportation of fish, or in the conveyance of fish from one British port to another, for or in respect of fuclv his occupation or employment, under or by force or virtue of any law or Statute nowin being, shall be charged or chargeable with any (lamp duty whatever, any law, Statute, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And whereas evidence hath been laid before parliament of the pernicious effects which the fees or other perquisites of certain of the officers of his majesty's customs, especially in Scotland, have produced on the fisheries of this kingdom, and as the requisition of such fees, however jonftioned by long usage, appears, by the orders of the commons in parliament assembled, in the year of our Lord one thon sand six hundred and sixty two, by virtue of an act of the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, to be contrary to the declared intention expressed in the said orders; be it

Officers ac further enacted, That, from and immediately after the passing cepting sees of this act, it shall not be lawful for any officer or officers of his ble thecalue* majesty's customs, to demand, ask, or accept any fee or other and to be dif perquisite for or on account of any transaction relative to any charged. vessel or boat employed in the fiftieries, or in the transportation from one place to another of fisti, or of salt for the use of the fisheries, or for or on account of the payment of any bounty or debenture on fish; in case any such officer or officers shall demand, ask, or accept any such fee or other perquisite as aforesaid, he or they (being thereof lawfully convicted) shall forfeit and pay treble the amount or value of the sum of money or other thing so by him or them demanded, asked, or accepted and shall be forthwith discharged from such office or offices, as: he or they shall then hold in his majesty's customs.

XXXIII. And whereas the fjheries carried on from time immemorial on the coasts of the Isle of Man, by the inhabitants thereof \ have proved a fruitful nursery of able seamen for the national servicez

and

1786.] Anno vicesimo fcxtd gilorgii IIL C 8t.

and whereas, if due and equal encouragement with that granted to his Majesty's other British subjects, were given to the inhabitants of the I fie of Man Employed in the aid fisheries, they might be further improved and extended to the advantage of the public service, and to the increase of the marine, wealthy and force of the kingdom; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and From June i, after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and bounty of is eighty seven, the like, bounty of one shilling per barrel as above per barrel to" mentioned, shall be paid for all such herrings.caught by the be paid to the inhabitants of the Isle of Man, as shall be landed in the said inhabitants of island from any boat or vessel, and shall be afterwards properly for her salted, cured, and packed in manner as above directed forrjngs caught j5n7/y# caught herrings; which said bounty shall be exclusive of and cured by all bounties payable on exportation of herrings to foreign parts, them in terms and shall be payable and paid, with respect to such herrings as f this act $ shall be landed in the Isle of Man, from and out of the surplusage of the annual customs of the said island, over and above the expenditure and civil establishment of the said island, by the receiver-general of the customs thereof for the time being, upon the owners of such herrings complying with, and conforming to, the like rules and regulations, and being subjected and liable to the like penalties in case of relanding, or any other fraudulent practises, in order to obtain such bounty, as are by this at directed with regard to british caught herrings landed in Great Britain

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of June, one thousand on expor seven hundred and eighty seven, all such herrings as shall be tat^aflowed^ caught and cured by the inhabitants of the Isle of Man, and ex the bounties ported from thence, or from Great Britain, to foreign parts, granted by 5 shall, upon exportation thereof, or any part thereof, be entitled Geo. 1. C is. to the like allowances or bounties of two Shillings and eight pence per barrel on white herrings so exported, and of one shilling and nine pence per barrel on red herrings so exported, as by an a CL passed in the fifth year of the reign of his late rna jesty King George the First, (entitled. An act for recovering the credit of the British fishery in foreign parts 5 and for better securing the duties on salt), are granted on the exportation of white and red herrings respectively; said allowances or bounties to be paid, if shall, on such white or red herrings exported directly from the exported from Isle of Man to foreign parts, be payable from and out of the "Man as the same funds, and in the same manner respectively, as in this bounty of one present at is provided and directed with respect to the bounty shilling person the landing of herrings in the Isle of Man, caught and cured barrel is pay by the inhabitants thereof, as abovementioned; and such al ifhfroni lowances or bounties on exportation to foreign parts of white Great Britain, and red herrings respectively, caught and cured by the inhabi as the bounty tants of the said island, and exported from Great Britain to soon exporta reign parts, shall, on the owner or owners thereof producing^due and proper certificates, signed by the collector, comptroller, der the like " or other chief officer of his majesty's revenue of thelaid island, regulations,

0 of

Duties now payable on the importation of herrings from thelfle of Man to cease.

Penalties on officers taking fees to extend to the fisheries of the ihe of Man.

it Geo. 3.

C 58, in part recited.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. a 8u

of such owner or owners having taken the like oaths, and of their having conformed to the like provisions and regulations, as by this act are directed in the case of herrings cured in Scotland, and exported from England, and of herrings cured irt England and exported from Scotland, be payable from the same funds, and be issued and paid under and subject to the like conditions, restrictions, and regulations, and with the like penalties in case of relanding such herrings, or in case of any other fraudulent practises in order to obtain the said bounties, as by the said recited or by this present act are provided, prescribed, andinflisted, in regard to herrings cured inland exported from, any part of Great Britain, anything to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all duties which are at this time payable by law on such herrings as are caught and cured by the inhabitants of the Isle of Man, and imported into Great Britain, shall, from and after the passing of this act, cease and determine.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the like restrictions and penalties as are herein before mentioned and provided, with regard to officers asking or accepting of any fee or perquisite for or on account of any transaction relative to the fisheries, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be extended, in the most full and ample manner, tar the fisheries of the isle of Man.

XXXVII. And whereas by an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for the further encouragement of the herring fishery on the coasts of the Isle of Man; and for obviating a doubt which has arisen with respect to the allowing the bounties upon the British white herring fish ery in the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy one)y any sort of herrings caught upon the coasts of the Isle of Man, and cured there, are allowed to be imported and brought into any part of Great Britain, upon payment of the duties therein mentioned, the master, or other person having the charge of the ship so importing such herrings, bringing with him a certificate or certificates from the governor, lieutenant governor, commander in chief, or chief magistrate for the time being, that oath had been made before him or them, in the presence of the officer of the customs for the port or place where such herrings were put on board, that the same were bona fide taken on the coasts of the Isle of Man, and cured there; which certificate or certificates were also to be attested by the said officer of the customs, ' and to express the number of barrels, and quantity of such herring respectively, and the marks of the package expressied in the bill or bills of lacting, with the name or names, place or places of abode, of such person or persons as shall have made the oath thereby direlied, and where and to whom such herrings Jhalhbe conftgtied in Great Britain f and whereas such herrings are frequently exported from parts of the said ift and Jo distant and remote from the place of residence of the governor, lieutenant governor, commander in chief, or chief magtf trate for the time being, that the exporters thereof cannot, without

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 8 il 797

great inconvenience and expense, make the proof, and obtain the certificate required by the said recited atl: now, for the remedy thereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That; from and From Aug. r, after the first day of August, one thousand feveti hundred and the eighty six, the said oath, required by the said recited act to be j^redted taken before the governor, lieutenant governor, commander in maybe chies, or chief magistrate for the time being, shall and may be administered administered by the collector, comptroller, or other chief officer by thereve of the revenue, at the port or place in the said island where such th^porh^the herrings shall be shipped or loaden, who is and are hereby re jfleof Man spectively authorised and required to administer the same, and where her to grant a certificate thereof in the form and to the effect requi r rings are slipped, ed by the said recited act, under his hand and leal of office; anything in the said recited act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That commission it shall and may be lawful to and for the of of his eros cuf majesty's customs, and they are hereby authorised and required to the^afar's to make such addition to the present salaries of the officers, 0 officers in whose incomes shall be reduced by the abolition of such fees, or confederation other perquisites as aforesaid, in lieu of, and by way of compen of the abli fation and satisfaction for the same, as they in their discretion tl0tl of( V (having regard as well to the creditable subsistence of the officer

as public economy), shall judge necessary, and so order or direct; thing in this present act, or in any other act or acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons otirt persons do presume to counterfeit, erase, or alter any certificate, terfeiting ces debenture, or cocquet, by this act directed to be made, or shall tewniffied use any such certificate, debenture, or cocquet, knowing the as forgers, same to be so counterfeited, era fed, or altered, such person or persons shall be liable to such and the same punishment as by the laws and Statutes of this realm is provided for persons convicted of forgery.

XL. And be it Further enacted, That if any person, in Persons make making any oath directed or required to be made by this act, ing false oaths shall wilfully and falsely swear any matter or thing which, if the gpjity of pev same had been sworn in any cause or suit depending in any of jury, his majesty's courts would have amounted to wilful and corrupt perjury; every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be liable to such and the same punishment as by the laws and Statutes of this realm is provided for persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all the penalties and Howpenalties forfeitures herein before given by this act, shall be distributed are to be ap in manner following; that is to say, One moiety thereof to his ^vered.^ Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to any person or persons who shall seize, inform, or sue, for the same, and shall be sued for, recovered, levied, prosecuted, and determined, by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Vol. XXXV Ggg Scotland,

n 9$

[General issue.]

Doable costs,

i Geo. t. C x8; and

9 Geo.i.c. 33, recited.

a#no vicesimo Jqcte qjeorjsn III C 81*. [j 786.

Scotland, respaftwely, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, wager flaw, or moreihan one imp shall; be flowed.

jjxii* And, be it Further enabled, That df'any person or persons hall happen to\befuied^pt^cnteu^r any twng by hini, or thfidi done pr executed in; pursuance pfthis aft, such person or persons fllail or mky pla the generahfsue, and give this af, and the Special matter irt evidence; and if upon' trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall5 become nonftsited, discontittue, or forbear prosecuting such action or actions, then such defendant or defendants to double costs against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, for which he or they shall have the like remedy as a defendant can have in any case where costs are given him by'law,

xliir. 'And whereas, by virtue of an act passed in the firfiyedr of the reign of Ms late majesty King George the Fitfiintitule#, hti act for the better preventing fresh fish, taken by foreigners, being ih]ported into this kingdom, and for the preservation of the fry of fish^and for the giving leave to import lobsters and tur bets infqreign bottoms; and for the better preservation of fu mon within several rivers in that part of this kingdom called England: and also, of an act passed in the ninth year of the reign of his late majffiy King George the Second, intituled An act to render the law more effectual for preventing the importation of fresh hlh taken by foreigners; and to explain so much of an act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to ships exporting fish.to the ports of the Mediterranean Sea; and for the better preservation of the fry of lobsters on the coast of Scotland; no herring, cod, pilchard, salmon, or ling, fresh or salted, dry or bloated, nor any grill, mack are!, whiting, haddock, sprats, coal fish, gull fish, longers, or any sort, offlat fifty nor any other sort of freftfift whatsoever (except turbets and lobsters), can be legally imported into, sold, or exposed to sale in that part of this kingdom of Great Britain called England, which shall be taken by, bought of, or received from, any foreigner or foreigners, or out of any sir anger or sir angers bottom (except protestant. sir angers), inhabiting this, kingdom; and every per fori offending by such illegal importation, sale, or exposal to sale, is liable to forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds., to be recovered by any inf or met,

in any of the courts in Westminster Hall, and to be distributed and disposed of iti the manner following [that is to say); northeast moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parish where such offence shall be committed; and the master or commander of every such smack, hoy, yager, boat, ship, or other vessel, in which anyflft shall be so illegally imported, or brought to floor?, is also liable to forfeit and pay thefurnpf fifty pounds, to be recovered by any informer, and to be disposed of as aforesaid, provided that no p erf on flfil incur any such penalty or forfeiture, unless the prosecution for the same be commence within twelve month 's after the offence committed: and whereas ike provisions made by the said recited acts are found, by experience, to be ineffectufi, and not fuffcient to refirain ill disposed

persons

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 81.

petfim from buying and receiving freshfish {qthetthdn tunbets, kijbrsi and eels) from foreigners or sir angers and importing and ftdling such fish, in this kingclp^ contrary to the tenor andiexprefi meaning of the foetid aits \ and, by reason of the great delay and expense attending the prosecution of the offender sand the great difficulty of procuring fuss dent evidence for the recovery <tf the foetid penalties under the said acts, persons are dtfeovraged from filing for such penalties > and the said of fenders escape with impunity: for remedy whereof and to the intent d practice jo injurious to the British fisheties % and so obmously detrimental to the naval intevejls of this kingdom, may be the more effectually suppressed and prevented, be it further enacted That? if, upon complaint or information, upon oat shady bewe any two justices of the peace (having competent jurisdiction in this behalf), it (fi^h appear that such officer or officers doth or dd know or is or are credibly informed, or hath or have cause to believe or suspect, that any fish hath been imported or brought into, or sold or exposed to sale, in the port of London, contrary to the tenor and true intent; and meaning of the said recited acts of the first year of the reign of King George the First, and the ninth year of King George, the Second, and of this present act, or any of such acts, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justices to fumtnqn the person or persons who shall be charged by such complaint or information, to appear before them, at a time and place to be specified nile summons; and in case the party or parties so summoned shall not appear according to such summons, then, upon due proof made of the service of such summons, either personally, or by leaving the same at his or their dwelling hopfe, lodging, or other usual place of abode whilst the party or parties shall be on shore, or not being on shore, with some person in the ship or vessel to which he or they shall then actually belong, 'to cause such party, or parties to be apprehended, by warrant or warrants under the hands and seals of such justices, and to, be brought before them at such time and place as shall be specified in and by such warrant or warrants; and thereupon, whether such party or parties shall appear upon such summons, or be apprehended as aforesaid, such justices shall and may proceed to hear the matter of such complaint or information, and to adjudge and determine the same.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justices, before whom any such complaint or information shall be inde as aforesaid, to summon before them any feamati, fiftierman, or other person, who shall, in or by fueft complaint or information, appear to be a necessary witness as to the matter thereby charged, to appear before them, at a time and place to he specified in the summons; and in case such seaman, fiftierman, or other person, shall not appear according to such summq^s) then. Upon due proof made of the service of such summons in manner aforesaid, to cause such seaman, fiftierman, or other person, to be apprehended by warrant under, the haqds and seals of such justices, and to be brought before them, and thereupon, whether such seaman, fisherman,

- G g g 2 or

799

If officers suspect freth fish to have been

imported hita

London contrary to i Geo. i. C

9 Geo. % C 33. and this act, two justices may summon the parties, and determine the complaint.

Witnesses refusing to attend may be apprehended, and giving false evidence to be committed for a year to gaol.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 2u [1786.

or other person, shall appear upon summons, or be apprehended as aforesaid, such justices shall and may proceed to examine him upon oath as to the matter of such complaint or information; and in case such seaman, fisherman, or other person, shall wilfully refuse to be sworn, or to give evidence therein, or shall evidently wilfully forswear himself, or prevaricate in his evidence, it shall and may be lawful to and for such justices, by warrant under their hands and Teals, to commit such seaman, fisherman, or other person To refusing to be sworn, forswearing himself, or prevaricating as aforesaid, to the common gaol of the county or place in or for which such justices shall then a CL to remain for the space of one whole year, without bail or mainprize.

Written evi

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the examination of the forcehofc every Person & b examined as a witness as aforesaid j shall viva voce  be ta^en down in writing by or before the said justices; and in examination, case the party or parties, charged by such complaint or information, cannot be made to appear at the time of such examination, and such witness cannot be made to attend when such party or parties shall appear, then and in fiuch case such examination in writing shall and may be read and made use of, and shall have the same force and effect as if such witness were then actually present and examined viva voce.

How penalties

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid several der^ecked1" pecun*ary penalties, by the said in part recited act of the ninth part of9year of the reign of King George the Second granted or imposed. Geo. *, C 33. shall be recoverable by and before any two justices of the peace are to be for any county, division, or place, on due proof and conviction applitdedand re oj^ence by the oath of any credible witness, or by con pp*session of the offender or offenders, and that the whole of such penally or penalties shall belong to the informer or informers making or laying such complaint or information as aforesaid^in case of the nonpayment of such penalty or penalties, with the charges incident to such conviction, immediately upon such conviction, the same penalty or penalties and charges shall be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such offender or offenders, by warrant or warrants under the hands and seals of the justices before whom he or they shall have been convicted; and for want of sufficient distress, the offender or of fenders shall be Cent by the same justices to the common gaol of the county, division, or place, in or for which they shall respectively act, there to remain for the space of one#whole year, without bail or mainprize, unless such penalty or penaltier shall be sooner paid; anything in the said last mentioned acts, ror either of them, or any other actor adis, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVII Jndy to the end that the person or persons convicted of any offence for which any such pecuniary penalty, as lost aforesaid, is by this act made recoverables may not by flight or removal after such conviction evade imprisonment, where such penalty shall not be paid upon his or their conviction; be it further enacted, That it shall

and

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 81. 801

and may be lawful for the justices before whom any such of and if not sender or offenders shall befo convicted as aforesaid, immediately after such conviction to order such offender or offenders into custody (in case the said penalty or penalties due on such con may be im viction be not immediately paid), during such time not exceed prisoned 48 ing forty-eight hours, as such justices shall think proper to allow boiirs^togwe for the return of the warrant for levying such penalty by distress vylifg by di and sale as aforesaid. stress.

XLV

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case of if it shall appear to the satisfaction of the justices before whom inefficiency any such offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, either by the of goods, the confession of the party convicted, or other witness, that such ^jmmuted. party hath not goods or chattels sufficient to answer the penalty.

or penalties by him incurred, then, and in such case, the same justices shall and may, without issuing any warrant 6f distress, commit the party so convicted, as if such warrant had actually jfsued, and a return of nulla bona been made thereon.

XLIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Security for such offender, ordered to be committed to prison uqder or by be^ccepts* virtue of this acts, shall, before his actual commitment to prison, an(j if not*procure security to be given by two sufficient securities, to the fulfilied, the satisfaction of the justices before whom he shall have been con party convicted, for payment of the penalty or penalties by him incurred, with the charges incident to his conviction, within the space of b/impri*fourteen days, exclusive of the day of coftvidlion; thep, and in foned. such case, it shall and may be lawful for such justices to accept such security, and upon nonpayment thereof, at the time ltipu lated for that purpose, it shall and may be lawful for the same justices, or any other justices of the peace for the same county, division, or place, to cause the party convicted, and his sureties, to be apprehended by warrant or warrants under their respective hands and seal, and them to commit to the common gaol of the county, division, or place, in or for which such justices shall act, for such space of time as the party convicted was subject and liable to have been imprisoned, in case no such security had been given, unless such penalty and charges shall be sooner paid.

L Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any per Parties con son or persons so convicted as aforesaid shall think himself or c*?d n themselves aggrieved, by the judgement or determination of any ay

justices of the peace, upon any complaint or information in pur appeal to the fuance or by virtue of this acts, it shall and may be lawful to and general or for such person or persons, within the space of three calendar quarter fef raonths then next ensuing, to appeal to the general or quarter the convic sessions of the peace to be held for the county, division, or place, tien be af in or for which such justices shall have acted, such person or firmed, to pay persons so appealing giving, and being hereby required to give, double costa. at lead six days notice to the informer or informers of such his, her, or their intention to bring such appeal, and of the matter thereof, and shall, with two sufficient sureties, enter into recognisance before some justice or justices of the peace for the same

G g g 3 county,

Persfons bav ingipaid the penalty, or being im

0 % ano vicesimo kxtb 4fe3ikhftill Shift. [*?8.

cpu^y/division>jar plape, to appear and prdfecate foeh at the said general or quart sessions, and abide by the Order dr deteraii^kn of the fel^e efcrirt, and to pay the Softs and slftlf2 ge, $ thereby awarded against fudh person or persons, (if any j 5 r and) y#yi fuel appeal shall, by the said court of gdierat dr

/? f qiia^t^r fessionsike examined, and the Circumstances of the case fully.cqd5rbd.into, apd the ilnatterfinally heard and dd#nriti f ed; and in case such judgement, determination ot eonvidfion, so appealedr againstir (had 'bfe affirmed, rive partyso appealing V (hajj/pay unto the informer r informers double Costs, to he ascertained by thfc order of the same court,

LL. Provided also, and bt it further enacted, That in case the perferi or persons so iriteilding to appeal shall have paid the

w t penalty j|rider.|a riy jfe q'h^cojmridiiori as aforesaid, into the hands

pri Toned, not of tfipfeid justices by wayof.depofn, or shall be then tmpriferi t find fare ed, such person or persons shall and may appeal to the said g tie, rieral or quarter sessions within the time aforesaid, on tri^br

t.'their erring (without fur^ties) into such recognisance a here in beferf mentioned, and remaining in prison in the meantiriifc, or depositing fitch penalty into the hands of the said jutttees, there to remain until themerits of the said appeal shall behda'rd

and determined.

vnalndge

LII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no fercti jdfttqes to be coqvi$k>o made, or judgement given as aforesaid, shall beset ivt a side for. aside by the said. court of general or quarter session for want of form,: form, or through dtae>mifeftating of any, eircumftancie, rir or removed by other matter whatsoevec,provided the material fads alleged m eitiorau. fu cpnvidiori or judgement, and On which the same shall be grounded be proved to the satisfaction of the said court, ribr shall: ny such conviction or judgement, or any order or proceedings f the said court, be removed or removable by qr tiorari, er any other writer process whatsoever, into any of his majesty s courts of record, at Westminstermi any law or custom so the contrary notwithstandingv:

JJU. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every prosecution in purfu'anoe or by virtue of this act, for any offence against the said several acts of the first year of the reign offing qmgev the First, hnd the ninth year of the reign of King George the; fecgpd, or: either of them, shall and may be commenced within, die space of twelve calendar months from the 'tittle whe/ca.t such offence shall have been committed; anything iri thexid'acts, dr either of them, contained to the contrarysriof* withstanding; ' "

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That np t|wngin this act contained shall extend, Or be implied or coin full force, ex strugd to extend, to repeal or alter any act or acts now in force, cept such as or any of the clauses or provisions therein contained, or take a.w$ y*.abridge, Jessen,: or acted any of the powers or authorities thereby given or granted respectively, for settling or regulating. the mode or course to be observed in fitting out for any fifoefy, or clearance outwards, or entry inwards, or the discharge of any., > buss

Actions for offences a^ainst i Geo. 1. c. 18.

9 geo, i. C 33., may be commenced within 1 % r months.

The powers

are hereby

rcoeaied.

1786.] Anno gkdrois; llli Bii o

buse or fimhg; vessel, or in cellaring, securirrg, foipping, reftlip* ping, or reianding any salt, to be ulfecbfor the^falling or curing of h, or in ficting for, catchingfajting, curing, storinrg, l^qd1 ingi removing, mattcing, or expor.tinganyftfh wharfotver, or'j

in the paymenror allowancodf ahy bounties thereby; respectively granted, qh the tonnage or^burthen of any buss*or vesse], or on any fish/td be exported, save bnly and except fd far as any such ad or afifs, jr t % clauses, jjrb^fibns^ powers, or authorities therein contained or granted; are spedfically or exprefely repealed, revoked, altered, or controlled by tnrs present af, or repugnant to any of the provisions jherein cdntairfedt but that all and Angular the said* former la^ahd the bpunties thereby granted, and the several rules, regplattorns, powers; a_nd'authorities therein conteiiied or^grartt^d^and the pains, penalties, and forfeitures incurred, dr thereby infosfed' or provided for any breach or non pbfervance of the same, except as aforesaid, (halt remain andcoh't 1 ri U e" i ri the ftfne forehand effe6fcas: ifjthis ah had not been made kany thing hereifi contained: to, the eontr^try notwithstandingrv^ 1, /. '

Anafifor thi morejffpftualtycnrrying^ relating to the duties onfamppd v4lufn>\ parchjnmt^ aftdipaper; and for repealing eeraawjl4fflp: duties on.ppuciesfon insuring property in any. C foreign, kingdom, onflate from loss byjfre* {

[Preamble.]

F OUL the mre'effefhicmy carrying into execution the laws nqw in

fotce relating W the ^wes under the management of his Majesty's of for managing the duties, on Jiamped vellum r parchment and paper, be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and ^75, after, the fifth day of July, one thousand feverr hundred and penalties are eighty six, wheresoever any person shall be convicted before, a not diretfed justice or justices of the peace for any offence to be hereafter to be applied committed against any act or as of parliament now in being, blfo^er or hereafter to be made, touching or concerning any the duties^applied under the management or care of the said of for a herein, ' managing the duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, rented, by which any pecuniary penalty or sum of money shall be forfeited, the said justice or justices of the peace before whom such person shall be convicted of the said offence, shall levy the said pecuniary penalty or sum of money in such manner as in such act or acts of parliament is contained, and apply the same ta such uses and purposes, and in such proportions, as are thereia contained and expressly directed, in case the same at or as of parliament, or any other act or as of parliament relating thereto, shall expressly direcft the application thereof; and in default of such express and sufficient directions in such act or acts of parliament for the application of the said pecuniary penalty, or

G g g 4 sum

go Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii II. c. 82. [1786.

sum of money so forfeited upon such conviction as aforesaid, then to apply the same in such manner as is r h^ih after directed. t > t r

One moiety t

IL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, of penalties from, and after the said fifth day of July one thousand seven informer hundred and eighty six, one moiety or half part of all pecuniary fecutingwith penalties or forfeitures which shall be incurred by any person or in six months, persons for any offence hereafter to be committed against any and the other jaw now in being, or hereafter to be made, touching or - con ma' cerning any the said duties (except where a different mode of J application i or shall be in the said law specially prescribed)

shall belong, and be applied to the informer or informers prosecuting for the same within the space of six calendar months after such offence is committed, and the other moiety or half part of the said pecuniary penalties or forfeitures (the necessary charges for the recovery thereof being sir ft deduced) shall be paid to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and (uccessors, in the'manper herein after directed*.

But no p*rt of Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho

tobdongto8 rity aforesaid, That every distribution or division of any pcu informers not niary penalty or forfeiture, directed to be made by this or any prosecutingin other act or acts of parliament touching any of the said duties, limited time upon conviction before a justice or justices or the peace as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby restrided and confined to the prosecuting for the same within the time herein before limited 5 and that in default of such prosecution within the time aforesaid, no informer or informers before a justice or justices of the peace as, aforesaid, shall have or be entitled to any part or share of such penalty or forfeiture, but that the whole thereof shall belong to, his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall be recoverable by any the ways and means in or by any such act or acts of parliament in that behalf directed; anything in this, or any the said acts, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

'/ /

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, His Majesty's That, from and after the passing of this act, all penalties or for nkltfes to be sutures, and shares of penalties or forfeitures, which shall be paid to re due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, by virtue ceiver general of this or any of the said acts of parliament, or any other ad or of damps, acts of parliament now made, or hereafter to be made, touching ^efamhnto any he^ from time to time, be paid into the

the exche hands of the receiver-general of the duties on stamped vellum, querbyaug.i, parchment, and paper, for the time being, (or some other per annually, to son to authorised by the said of, or the major

former'penah Part to receive the same), who shall keep a separate

ties. and distinct account thereof, and pay the same (the necessary

charges of paying and accounting for the same being deduded) into the receipt of the exchequer on or before the first day of Augustin every year, unless the same shall be a Sunday or holiday, and then on the day following which shall not be an holiday; and in the office of the auditor of the said receipt thfcre shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which all the

moneys

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 82. 805

moneys arising from the penalties riorfeitures due dt payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, for any offence or offences committed against any act or acts of parliament now or hereafter to be made touching any of the said duties on damped. vellum, parchment, or paper, nd paid into the said receipt as.

'aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart front all other moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatsoever; and the said moneys jfo to be paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be issued and applied to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in such manner, and to such purposes, as the said penalties and forfeitures were paid or applied, or ought to have been paid or applied j before the making of this act, and to no other use, intent, or purpose whatsoever. V

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act, in all' cases where Justices to any pecuniary penalty or, forfeiture for any offence committed tobe^ against this, or any act or acts of parliament now of hereafter to macje out; n be made, touching any the duties under the management or the following care of the said of for managing the duties on form, damped vellum, parchment; and paper, shall be incurred, it shall and may be lawful for the jpftice or justices of the peace, before whom any person or personii shall be convicted of the said offence, to cause the conviction upon the same offence to be made out in the form, or to the effect following, mutatismutan dis, as the case shall happen to be; anything in any former act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; every such conviction shall be good and effectual to all intents and purposes whatsoever, without dating the case or the fasts or evidence in any more particular manner; that is to Say:

BE it remembered, That on the day Form of con

in the A.B. of vision.

was duly convicted before me C D. one of his majesty's justices of the peace for the county of (of before us C D. and E. F. two of his majesty's justices of the peace for the county of as the case shall happen

to be), in pursuance of an act passed in the year of the reign of for that the said A.B. on the day of now last pqft!, did

(here date the offence against the act, as the case shall happen to be), contrary to the form of the Statute in that case made and provided; and I (or we, as the case may be) do declare and adjudge that be the said A.B. hath forfeited, for his said offence, the sum of of lawful money of Great Britain, which sum of 1 (or we, as the case may be) do hereby

mitigate to the sum of (here date the mitigated

penalty, if necessary) to be distributed as the law dire ft s.

This ij the first, second, or other offence, (as the case shall happen to be).

Given

*: &ste4 i ji6.

06

1u

Convictions io be'wrote fairly

tobi

the t the i and ] movable Certiorari

subject to ap*'fto'feeiyt m vl&mn1 1 be' jtttibve*': b j'ceftiqtariy* irlto'any

quarter fef ^hatfoetfet, but shall be subjfed to appeal before t^d jm

iions. ikes of the quarter fe(fe6i&,: "in such^drirtd* as ifr ahd'by ihy

foth Wi ttf'&&$*df'pinfhaift'dnt directed'1

t.

VI. And whereas great difficulties 'have frmuently arijeh, 'Upon (be

\ indlffttitiits; and otherprofeifitjons for against his Mafejiy^ 'febtwe oti fia, inpts

k*.2-1.1 < L jim f it hi, fllj2, 2

t to

f&rfy (he fdfiti in fa' exfilhtori; ' % dvi 'dftbw^jfir 'remedy thereof be it

From Aug.

1786, in prosecutions

where offend ^.. t. 3 -- rr i -

ers may be ^therprofedutiort/for^y dffentp 'c'ofmtl f tted4 agsinft ahy actor

j'aitlf'win'rt' ai*, u/+^/'wrf?nw ibo (Viiirl /?i'iftoe At

entto prove "dfeeindf or'conftfafeti'ttf'begtfiltjf^fel6rty| any questidri hast

the evidence Mother any 'pylori be an officer? his Majesty, his heirk

acted under "bir successors, w W fist'smy of the^id'duties, or Whethef any

com?affi person hatlibe^h'fetivdioyed by tbfe' fa: S; ieommissioners for raia -- oners, with r. C 1 j r J 1 J r, 1

outprodueingvnasing the said duties, or the major part of them, to make or

his depute provide any dies or (lamps to dettdte the said duties, or aqy of

Uon. theft), br to repair, renew, or alter the same, or any of them in

every of the said cases, proof fell and may be made and admitted, that such person was reputed to be, and had acted in, and in ($t exercised fudv office or employment, and at the respectime and times when the matter or matters in controversy upon such trial or trials shall happen to have been done or cotfl tnittjed, without producing or proving the particular commission, deputation, pr other authority, whereby such officer or fether person was constituted, appointed; of employed; and that In every such case such proof shall be deemed and taken, by the judges or justices before whom any such trial shall be had, to be good and legal evidence, unless by other evidence the contrary shall be made to appear; any law or usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding 4

VII. And whereas, in and by an act made in the last session of Geo. 3. c. 50, parliament intituled An act for repealing an act made in the recited, and twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, repealed as An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on certificates issued ar as re ates respect to the killing of game, and for granting other duties in

lieu

Two provisoes of s

i^86.'j Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 82.' 807

lieu them it was provided, That, fhmfcidffter the'first day of to the tithe of July, one thousdndseven hundred and figfyyffive, it Should and mighf he lawful for any one or more justice or justices of the peace of the ^hre they*county, riding, Shire, fitwartry, divtfim, 'city, liberty, or place, have not fuf wherein any offence or offences again the JM aft Should be commit ficient goods ted, and suchjufiice afidju/lices was and were thereby required, upon pe"

information ir complaint to him or third made j ip summon ihe party na iie*or parties atcused, and also the wiinesses on either side, to appear before him or them, and Upon the appear ante of the party dr parties accused, or' h default fif his j hef, or their appearance according to fuel) summvtis, to proceed to hear cmidetetnim& the matter in a sum rnary way \ and upon due proof fnadh thtnof, either by the voluntary confession of the party or parties accusedy or by the oath of one or more credible wittidfs or tyunesses, to gipe judgement hrfentente for the penalty or forfeiture, dcofdmgas jitanfi by the/aid aft is dir ested, and to award pid ijfule 'hut his wwtaws, tinier 'his. hand and seat, for the levying fp adjudgedf on the

goods of the offender, dm if efitifi fate fd M fktide thereof in case they Should not he fidetnlect fyfrhifi six days, rendering to the party the Overplus, (if plyfry and where fiiffcient/goods of such offender C hot be found id dtfw'er the penalty, To'uirimil such offender to the common gaol or Muse of correction, 'jhfreth remain for the [pace of six months, mless such penalty ffould be footer paid and satisfied: 7

and in and by another proviso 6f thfsaid aft it was provided and enacted, That nothing in the said a ftffobtained Should extend, or be tonflrued to extend fid subject any person or persons whatsoever to a longer irnprijonmefit than three calendar months, for nonpayment of any fine or penalty to be imposed unfer/he authority of the said act: now, to obviate any doubts which have afifin, or may arise, on the meaning of the said act, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said proviso j&ft abovementioned, and every matter and thing therein contained, and also to much of the said proviso first abovementioned which relates to the time for which the offender is to be committed, and which authorises or requires the justice or ju (Vices of the peace. before whom any offender shall be convicted of any offence against the said act, where sufficient goods of such offender cannot be found to answer the penalty, to commit such offender to the common gaol or house of correction, there to remain for the space of six months, Thai! be, and are, and each of them, (as to such part thereof as aforesaid) shall be, and is hereby repealed and that, from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful for any such justice or justices of the peace as aforesaid, before whom any such offender shall be convicted of any offence against the said act of the last session of parliament, to levy any pecuniary penalties and forfeitures, adjudged by virtue of the said act, ia such manner as is therein directed: which penalties and forfeitures so adjudged shall be divided and distributed according to the dirediofts of this act before specified; and that where if penalties be sufficient goods of such offender cannot be found to answer the1101 pad penalty, and the same shall remain unpaid, to commit such of rommut^d

fender 9

8g8 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii IIh CL Zzl f 1786

for three fender to the common gaol orhouse of correction, there to re months, and ma; n for foe space of three calendar months, unless such pe no longer. na]ty foail fce (boner paid and satisfied, and no longer; anything in the said at contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Laws now in authority aforesaid, That all and every law and Statute now in force, except force, touching any the said duties, and every article and thing pealed to be in them contained, and not herein and hereby altered or reput in execu pealed, shall be duly put in execution according to the tenor of lion. the said laws, and under the penalties therein contained, to be raised, levied, and disposed of as therein and thereby are directed.

1 % Geo. 3. C

IX. And whereas by an at, made in the twenty second year of 48, recited, the reign of his present Majesty entitled, An a<sb for charging a ^dutyduty on persons whose property shall be insured against loss by every 100 L rna&*d* there shall be raised levied, collected, and

insured*throughout Great Britain, unto and for the use of his ma thereby laid, jesty, his heirs and successbrsr the yearly sum of one shilling and six t ease from pence upon every j um 0jf one hundred pounds, andfo in proportion for on uifurances*9 Zreater & "fi that is or shall be insured by any person or of foreign pro persons, in or by any policy of insurance for injuring houses, goods pert y from wares, merchandizes, or other property, from loss by fire: and 'whereas it is thought expedient to exempt all policies for injuring fof'reign property from loss by fire from the said yearly duty; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, the said yearly rate or duty upon all sums of money that are or shall be insured by any person or persons, in or by any policy of insurance made in Great Britain, for insuring of any house or houses, furniture, goods, wares, merchandizes, or other property, within any foreign kingdom or (late in amity with his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; anything in the said recited contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

X. And whereas there are in the hands of the receiver-general of the stamp duties several small sums of money received by him on account of duties and penalties, not applicable, by any law now in force, ated^duties1" to any Particular use or purpose, and which cannot be paid into the etc. in the receipt of the exchequer under any head of account; be it therefore hands of the enacted, That all such sums of money as are now in the hands receiver ge cf foe fa*1(j receiver-general of the stamp duties shall be paid by Samps, to be nt rece^p' f the exchequer, and the money so paid

carried to the in shall be carried to, and made part of, the fund commonly sinking fund, called The Sinking Fund.

Clause of 23

XI. And whereas by an al, passed in the twenty-third year of Gfo: 3. C 58, the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An act for granting to sampson S ^aje^y kveral additional and new duties upon statnped

transfers of vellum, parchment, and paper; and also for repealing certain stock, recited, exemptions from the stamp duties, it was enabled. That, for every skin or piece of parchment or Sheet or piece of paper, upon which

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 83. 809

which shall be engrossed or written any transfer of flock in any com pany9 society, or corporation within Great Britain, there shall be charged an additional fiamp duty of two shillings and threepence: whereas doubts have arisen whether transfers or assignments of the flocks, or of any Jbare or part of the capital flocks, in the books of the governor and company of the bank England, commonly called Bank Stock, and of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other parts of America, and for encouraging the fishery, are not made subject or liable to pay the aid additional stamp duty, it is hereby enacted and declared, That no transfer or alignment of the said (locks, or which is not of any part or share therein respectively, in the respective books to extend of the said companies, are or shall be liable to any higher or greater (lamp, or other duties, than were payable for any trans sea Stock, U fer or assignment of any share or part in or of the said (locks before the passing the said act, or shall be deemed or construed so to be or to have been, anything in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be sued, molested, or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this a, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special General issue. matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or Treble costs. them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act to explain and amend an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, to prevent frauds and abuses in the admeasurement of coals, sold by wharf measure, within the city of London and the liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the county of Middlesex.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act was passed in the seventh year of the

reign of his present majesty King George the Third, to 7 Geo. 3. C prevent frauds and abuses in the admeasurement of coals, sold3. by wharf measure, within the city of London and the liberties thereof, and between Tower Dock and Limehouse Hole, in the county of Middlesex; which act was to continue in force for fourteen years: and whereas the term of the said act was by an act passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his said present Ma 17 Geo. 3. jesty, continued until the first day of June, which will be in the year C 13. of our Lord one thousand f even hundred and ninety eighty and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament: and whereas the said act of the seventh year of the reign of his said present Majesty hath been ufeftu and, productive of much benefit to the public but might be rendered still more fois the same was explained and amended, and some further provifms made for preventing inconveniences, which

816 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c.

[1778.

were not forefeet nor Sufficiently provided again/i by the foetid former act may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and bexit en^sted by the king's moll: exeunt majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fyiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by thegeo 3 c3> authority of the same, xhat the said recited act of the seventh year of the reign of his present Majestjr and cohtinued by the subsequent act of the seventeenth year of the reign of hi said present Majesty, and all the powers, penalties, forfeitures, remedies, provisions, rules, orders, directions, clauses, matters and things, given, granted, ordered, appointed, prescribedj, mr except where ferted, and contained therein, (other than and so far as tbs by fttne, or any of them, are respectively varied, altered, ex 1 a'plained, rendered unnecessary, or Otherwise provided for, by to continue this present act) shall be exercised, practised, used, enforced in force and put in execution, during the continuance, and for the purposes of this present act, in as full, extensive, and beneggial, manner, to all intents and purposes, as if the said powers, penalties, forfeitures, remedies, provisions, rules, orders, directions, clauses, matters, and things were particularly expressed and again enacted in the body of this present act; and also, that this act shall take effect, continue, and be in force, from the twenty-fourth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, until the said first day of June, which will be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and.ninety eight (being the remainder now to come and unexpired of the term - granted by the said recited act of the seventeenth year of the reign irf his present Majesty) and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

For appoint That it shall and may be lawful to and for the principal land ine coal ur" coal metres, within the limits of this act, or any one of them,

metres. and they, or any one of them, are and is hereby authorised,

directed, and required to appoint, from time to time, a full ficient number of persons to be labouring coal metres, within the said limits; one or more of which said labouring coal ipeters shall attend every day (Sundays excepted) at such of the coal wharves, warehouses, or other places of sale, within the limits aforesaid, at which he or they shall be stationed by th principal land coalmeters, or any one of them, during th continuance of this act, at such times as is required by the wharfinger, or dealer in coals, where such metre or metres or are stationed, to measure out, or see measured, the cpals which shall, from time to time, be sold at any of the wharves warehouses, or places, where such labouring coal metres shaft be so stationed as aforesaid.

III. And whereas, by the said act passedinthe seventh year of his present Majesty, it is enacted, That no person shall be capable of efting as one of the labouring coal metres to be appointed under the said act, until hr hall take an oath, that he will truly and impartially measure all coals, between buyer and seller, without favour or

hatred;

178, 6.3. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 83* 811,

hatred: and whereas it 'bqwbeenfound very difficult to comply there with I be it therefore erra&dfby thfc Authority sfl&rsfeid, tjvajl^orm of lathe form of the oathrequired'by the said at'; to be taken fhw'boutr, n be, and the same is hereby repealed and W person appointed or to be appointed, under the authority of this and the said av'

shall be capable of idling ak one of the labouring coal meless. until he shall, before one or more of his majesty's justices or the peace for the said city of jlondon (wfrois and are hereby aq thorised and required to administer the same'gratis), takei'and:

subscribe an oath, or affirmation, 'in the words, or to the effedb, following 5 to wit: '.

ia.bi do/wear, [or, being of the people trailed Quakers', db jjew oath, solemnly affirm], 'that I will duly and faithfully, to thek hffof my skill and knowledge, execute the office of one of the labouring copu metbrs for the city bfljdti&6ki, dnd the fevefdl wharves fttuqte between ike tower London and Limehouse holej, in the county of Middlesex; and' that I tuill truly and impartially measure, or see measured, all coals, between buyer and seller, without favour or hatred. So help me GOD.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon notice in writing, or otherwise, being given to any Penalty on of the labouring coal metres appointed and qualified, or to be principals appointed and qualified, by virtue of this and the said recited neglecting to act of the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, or c*ai ur" left at the principal land coal meter's office, for a labouring metre, and coal metre or metres to attend at any wharf, warehouse, or on labouring place within the limits of this act, to be named in such notice, not^attenffin in order to measure, or see measured, the coals of the person on notice.* giving the notice, such labouring coal metre or metres shall attend, pursuant to such notice, within the space of one hour from the time of giving the same, or sooner if possible, and do his or their duty according to the intent and meaning of this and the said recited act; and in case of neglect: or refusal to attend accordingly, such labouring coal metre or metres shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty Shillings each: and the principal land coal metres or coal metre, neglecting to send such labouring coal metre or metres as aforesaid, fhast, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the like sum of twenty Shillings.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any cart or "carts loacted, or in which any quantity of Penalty on coals, exceeding seventeen bushels, shall be sent or driven, vendor, for from any wharf, warehouse, or place fimate within the limits ^meafmed of this act, without having been measured under the ihfpedtion or without a of the said principal land coal metres, or coal metre, or of such ticket, labouring coal metre, or without having first obtained such ticket as aforesaid, that then, and in every such case, the vendor of the said coals, being convicted thereof by the oaths (or, being, of the people called Quakers, by affirmation) of two

812

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. s3. [1786.

or more witnesses, before one or more of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said city of London, or the county of Middlesex, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds.

acr 8\*a1 to VL t And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, mailed, f That, from and after the said twenty-fourth day of July, one which shall thousand seven hundred and eighty six, no sacks to be made not be full use of for the carriage of coals, within the limits of this act, feet inches which shall not be full four feet four inches in length, and full in^ea^broad. twenty six inches in breadth, after they are made, shall be sealed or marked, at any office or offices, or by any officer or officers appointed or to be appointed for the purpose of sealing and marking such sacks, by any law now in being respecting the same.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore

fteka* That any wharfinger or carrier of coals shall, at any

0 ac 8* time or rhymes hereafter, during the continuance of this act,

make use of any sack or sacks for the carrying of coals, within the limits of this act, of lefsdimenfions than four feet in length, and two feet in breadth; or shall wilfully make, or procure to be made or used, any false bushel or other measure, and be convicted thereof by the oaths (or, being of the people called Quakers, by affirmation,) of two or more credible witnesses, before one or more of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said city of London, or the said county of Middlesex, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the Turn of five pounds.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore ssnnme said' That if any labouring coal metre, appointed and quality ddiver*fiec* or to appointed and qualified, pursuant to this and the ing false said recited all of the seventh year of the reign of his present ticketsi Majesty, shall, at any time or times hereafter, during the continuance of this all, deliver a false or counterfeit ticket to any dealer, consumer, carman, or other person, with intent to pre

or receiving judice or defraud any person or persons whomsoever; or shall anyt?thcbe ta^e or rccc*ve from any dealer m coals any fom or sums of Ides 4 i. per nioney, see, reward, or gratuity whatsoever, over and besides chaldron; the fourpence per chaldron, by the said recited all of the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty enacted and allowed or making^to taken for the metage charge 5 or if any such labouring coal or delivering5 metre Aall wilfully make, permit or suffer to be made, false any ticket for measure of coals, or shall deliver a ticket for any quantity of coals he did coals, the whole of which he shall not have seen measured, at not see mea any place or places within the said limits, and shall be, in any ured* or either of the said cases, convicted thereof by the oaths (or,

being of the people called Quakerj, by affirmation) of two or / more credible witnesses, before one or more of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said city of London, or the said county of Middlesex, he shall be rendered incapable of ever serving the reafter in the office of a land coal metre; and the principal land coal metres or coal metre for the time being shall, for every such offence of such labouring coal metres, lo u convicted

ty8 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 83. 813

convicted as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the sum of forty Shillings.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the driver of any caster carriage with Penalty on coals'loaded therein, from any wharf, warehouse, or place, within the limits of this act, or any person belonging thereto tj, fg to of employed therewith, shall take or deliver, or suffer to be be taken out taken or delivered, from such cart or carriage, any coals un of his cart, der his care, other wise than to or for the use of the owner or owners, purchaser or purchasers thereof, and shall be thereof*cohvidled, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty Shillings; in case of nonpayment thereof, every such offender shall and may be Committed, by warrant under the hand and seal, or hands and seals, of the justice or justices before whom such conviction shall be had to the common gaol of and for the city of London, or the county oif Middlesex, there to remain for any time not exceeding three calendar months nor less than one calendar month, unless the said penalty or forfeiture be sooner paid and satisfied

- Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall be dissatisfied with, or think Persons difla* himself or herself aggrieved by or in the measure of any coals have coaltre sold to him or her by wharf measure, within the limits afore measured said, and shall, upon delivery to him or her of the meter's ticket accompanying such coals, signify his or her desire to have driver to con the same re measured, then, and in every such case, the carman, or art

driver of the cart or other carriage in which the said coals shall tillre measur be brought, shall continue at the house or lodging of the pur CD under pe chaser of the said coals, with the said coals, and the said cart or nalty of5l. on carriage, until they are re measured, under the penalty of five ao^on pounds on the owner or proprietor, and twenty Shillings on the the driver, driver of the said cart or carriage; and the said purchaser shall im Purchaser to mediately, send, or cause to be sent, to the vendor of the said send notice in coals, or to his or her wharf, warehouse, or place, notice in dor and writing that the said coals are going to be re measured, and also metre send notice thereof to the land coal meter's office; and thereupon a principal metre, or one of the labouring metres, (not being the metre under whose inspection the said coals were originally measured), shall, within the space of two hours next after such notice in writing left at the land coal meter's office aforesaid, attend to re measure the said coals, and shall accordingly re measure thetame, sack by sack, in the presence of the vendor and purchaser of the said coals, or their agents or fer yants, if any of them shall attend, and desire to see the same re measured, and also in the presence of one of the principal or labouring land coal metres of or for the city and liberty of Westminster, or of or for that part of the county of Surrey lying between Putney and Rotherhithe, if such purchaser shall think proper to require the attendance of such last mentioned coal, who shall, and is hereby direcfced and required to attend accordingly within the space of two hours after notice in writing left at such jaft mentioned coal meter's office $ and in cate Vol. XXXV Hh h such

814 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 84. [1786.

such last mentioned coal metres or coal metre shall neglea or

V r^fuse to attend pursuant to such notice, he or they shall, for

Purchasers to every such offence, forfeit and, pay the sum of five pounds: for

pay 6d. per which re meafprement the purchaser shall pay the principal chaldron for, 'r., A, r J. r, r

rc measuring. coal metres or coal metre, appointed or to be appointed by or

in pursuance of the said recited a of the seventh year of the

reign of his present Majesty, and also such other land coal

metre from the city and liberty of Westminster, or fro1 that part of the county of Surrey aforesaid, as shall attend such re

measurement, the sum of sixpence each, for every chaldron of

And if, on re coa]s fq re measured; and in case the coals thus re measured

coalsuproven^ not amount to the quantity for which they were sold, then

deficient, the the vendor of such coals shall forfeit and pay, for every bushel

vendor to pay of coals found deficient, the sum of five pounds, and also forfeit

5* fr>r every every chaldron of coals so found deficient or wanting in mear

forfeit the ure to anc or ue p9or Par Yvhere; the said

coats, C coals shall he fore measured; and the labouring metre, ond$r whose inspe#ion the coals were first measured, shall, for every bushel so deficient, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, which sum, if not paid within five days next after conviction, shall and may be recovered from the persons or person execute Otters who the office of principal land coal metre for the time being: measured to ad the coal porters, who (hal measure the same for the yen, forfeit as. 6d. dor thereof, shall, for every bushel of poals so wanting, forfeit a bushel. and pay the sum of two Shillings and sixpence.

And be it further enacted and declared by the authority

feitltres to aforesaid That the several penalties and forfeitures imposed be recovered and to be incurred by virtue of and under this foall and applied, covered and applied in such and the same manner as the penaf as directed by ties and forfeitures, inflicted and directed to he levied by the 7geq. ca. fa'lcj recite(| at of the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, are thereby ordered, directed, and appointed to fie levied, recovered, and applied, respectively.

[Public act.]

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, judged, and taken to be a public act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act to empower the archbishop of Canterbury, or the archbishop of York, for the time being, to consecrate to the office of a bishop, persons being subjects or citizens of countries out of his Majesif s dominions.

Preamble, WHEREAS, by the lows of this realm, no person con be consecrated to the office of a bishop without the king's licence for his election to that office, and the royal in and ate under the great feol for his confirmation and consecration: and whereas every person t who shall be consecrated to the said office is required to take the oaths

of allegiance and supremacy, and also the oath of due obedience to the,

archbishop:

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 84." 8 i

archbishop; and whereas there are diverse persons, subjects or citizens of countries out of his Majestfs dominions, and inhabiting and residing within the said countries, who profess the public worship of Jlmighty God, according to the principles of the church England, land who, in order to provide a regular succesp.on of ministers for the service of their church, are desirous of having certain of the subjects or citizens of those countries consecrated bishops, according to the form of consecration in the church of England: be it enacted by the The archbf king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con shop of can lent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this terbury or present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, er That, from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may (hops as they be lawful to and for the archbishop of Canterbury, or the arch shall think fit bishop of York, for the time being, together with such other to max hiffiops as they shall call to their allistance, to consecrate per fubie^tof so fons, being subjects or citizens of countries out of his majesty's reignftates bi dominions, bishops, for the purposes aforesaid, without the shops, without kings licence for their, election, or the royal mandate, under the king's lithe great seal, for their Confirmation and consecration, and efedfonorre without requiring them to take the oaths of allegiance and quiring them supremacy, and the oath of due obedience to the archbishop for to take the the time being. usual oaths;

II. Provided always, That no persons shall be consecrated but not with bishops in the manner herein provided, until the archbishop of out first ob canterbury, or the archbishop of York, for the time being, shall have first applied for and obtained his majesty's licence, by royai licence warrant under his royal signet and sign manual, authorising for perform and empowering hirty to perform such consecration, and ex lug the confe pressing the name or names of the persons so to be consecrated, cration> nor until the said archbishop has been fully ascertained of their sufficiency in good learning of the soundness of their faith, and of the purity of their manners.

III. Provided also, and be it hereby declared, That no person r persons so or persons consecrated to the office of a bishop in the manner consecrated, aforesaid, nor any person or persons deriving their consecration thereby from or under any bishop so consecrated, nor any person or |^fe\hefrof persons admitted to the order of deacon or priest by any bishop ces in his

or bishops so consecrated, or by the successor or successors of any majesty's do bishop or bishops so consecrated, shall be thereby enabled to ex minions, ercife his or their respective office or offices within his majesty's dominions.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enadlea, That a cer Certificate of tificate of such consecration shall be given under the hand and ^be^venbr seal of the archbishop who consecrates, containing the name of the aj chbu*the person so consecrated, with the addition, as well of the hope. country whereof he is a subject or citizen, as of the church in which he is appointed bishop, and the further description of his not having taken the said oaths, being exempted from the obli* gatron of so doing by virtue of this act.

Hhhs CAP.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 85.

[1786. CAP. LXXXV

An act to revive, continue, and amend so much of an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act'act for allowing a bounty on the exportation of British made cordage, and for discontinuing the drawbacks upon foreign rough hemp exported, as relates to allowing a bounty on the exportation of British made cordage.

WHEREAS the law herein after mentioned, which hath, by experience, been found useful and beneficial, is expired, and it is expedient that so much thereof as relates to allowing a bounty on the exportation of British made cordage, be revived and continued subject to the alterations and amendments herein made; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au 6 Geo. 3'c. 45> thority of the same, That an act made in the sixth year of the fate^tctgrant ren of his present Majesty, intituled An act for allowing a' ing a bounty bounty on the exportation 0/british made cordage, and for discontinu- on exporta ing the drawbacks upon foreign rough hemp exported, which was to tien of British seen force from tfoe say of July, one thousand seven htmv

toe revived rec anc during the term of five years, and from,

and continued thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and for four years: which, by another act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was amended and further continued for the term of three years; and which, by another act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued for the term of three years, and from thence to the: end of the next session of parliament; and which, by another act, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued for the term of four years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; so far as the same relates to allowing a bounty upon the exportation of British made cordage, shall, from and after the passing of this act, be revived, and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue in full force and effect for the further term of four years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, subject to the several amendments, alterations, regulations, and restrictions, herein after provided and expressed.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the N but no bounty authority aforesaid, That no bounty shall be allowed or paid, to 1 orda^made any person or p^fens whatever, by virtue of this act, upon the fron^ameri 6 exportation of cordage wrought up and manufactured in Great can hemp, nor Britain from hemp of the growth of the British colonies or plantations in America, or of the united states of America, nor for any cordage whatever which shall be exported, unless the quantity thereof shall be three tonnes weight at the least. j

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That, upon the entry of such cordage for exportation, in order to obtain the bounty, the exporter thereof shall make oath that the

for any whatever under 3 tonnes weight.

Owner to make oath

Preamble

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 85.

the same is really and truly intended to be exported as mer that the cord chandize, and not for the uferof the ship during her then voy ?e is really age, or any future voyage; and the matter, or other person hav exportation ing or taking the charge or command of the ship or vessel in or and the mason board of which such cordage shall be intended to be exported, ter of the shall join in the bond required to be given for the due exporta m

tien of such cordage, or, on failure thereof, no bounty shall be beg^n on allowed or paid on the exportation thereof. the occasion.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act, or any other act or acts of parliament Bounty on contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to disallow q^c o rela*\o the bounty on the due exportation of such cordage to any foreign foreign places port or place whatever, except the Isle of Man, but that the to be conti iame shall be, and is hereby directed and required to be paid on nued. such exportation, other than to the Isle of Man.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That vessels have'every ship or vessel, on board of which any cordage shall be a, [ak -

for exportation, in order to obtain the bounty herein of cordage^before granted, shall, and is hereby required to have on board for their use, (over and above the quantity entered for exportation) a fufli over the cient quantity of cordage for the use of such ship or vessel, ac ^0ura" X for pt cording to the nature of the voyage, for which no bounty shall tron^the^ffi be allowed; and such ship or vessel, before clearing at any port cers'to detain of this kingdom, shall be visited by the proper officer or officers them, of the customs at such port, who shall not permit or suffer her to set sail on her voyage, if it shall appear that there is not on board a sufficient quantity of cordage for the use of such ship or vessel, independent of, and besides the quantity entered for the bounty; and such officer or officers shall be, and is and are hereby authorised and required to detain such ship or vessel, and to prevent her from sailing upon her intended voyage, until there shall be provided a sufficient quantity of cordage for the use of such ship or vessel, according to the nature of the voyage on which such ship or vessel shall be intended to proceed, besides the cordage entered as aforesaid for exportation, in order to obtain the bounty.

VI. And, in order to prevent any inconvenience which may arise by encouraging the exportation oj cordage, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no entry shall be permitted to pals for Nocordageto the exportation of any such cordage, or the vessel having on withoutacer board such cordage be permitted to go out of port, unless a certificate that it tificate shall be produced, under the hands of the of has been reef his majesty's navy, or any three or more of them, flgnifying fofed by the that such cordage hath been tendered to them for the use of his n&vy board, majesty's dock yards, at the fair and then market price of such

cordage in London, and that the same hath been refused by that

board; and if any person or persons shall pass any entry for Persons pat

such cordage, without having such certificate produced to him

or them, such person or persons shall forfeit and lose the sum of certificate! to,

pne hundred pqunds, forfeit ioal*

1$ Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 86. [1786.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An nft to explain and amend an act, made in the sevenih year of bit late Majesty's reign, intituled An act to settle how far owners of ships shall be answerable for the as of the matters or mariners; and for giving a further relief to the owners of hips.

ram^je# WHEREAS, by an act made in thefevehth year of therein cited'te "Wf* George the Second entitled, fyp'a to settle how far owners of ships shall be answerable for the acts of the matters or mariners, '// is amongst other things shacted, That no owner or owners of any hip or vessel Should be liable to ah jwer for or male good to any personor persons, any loss or damage by reason of any embezzlement, secreting, or making away with by the maser or mariners, or any of them) of any gold, fiver, diamonds, jewels, precious fones9 or other goods or merchandise, which Should be hipped on board any hip or vessel, or for any act, matter, or ihing, damage or forfeiture, done, occafmed, or incurred by the said niafter or mariners, or any of them, without the privity and knowledge of such owner or owners, further than the value of the ship or vessel, with all her appurtenances, and the full amount of the freight due or to grow due for and during the voyage wherein such embezzlement, secreting, or making away with, or other malversation of the maser or mariners, Should be made, committed, or done: and whereas' dll maser s or captains, and owners of{hips or vessels, are by law reflectively subject or liable to answer far or make good to any person or persects, the full value and amount of any goods or merchandise by such person or persons shipped or put on board any ship or vessel, ndt withfanding such goods or merchandise be lof by robbery, fire, or other accident (other than by the King's enemies, the perils of the feasor the act of God), or unless the maser or same of the ship's company are privy to such robbery, in which case alone the responfbility of the owners is by the said act limited to the value of the ship dftd full amount of the freight: and whereas it is of the utmost confluence and importance to the general welfare of this kingdom, to promote the increase of the number of Ships and vessels, and to prevent any di cowrdgement to merchants 'and others from being interefed and concerned therein, which is likely to happen from the responsibilily to which they are now exposed, notwithstanding the salutary intention of the said act: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king*s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and conferit of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled. Owners of and by the authority of the same, That no person or persons ships not lia wh0; s are? or be owner or owners of any ship or vessel, loss of goods he subjectt or liable to answer for or make good, to any

shipped with one or more person or persons, any loss or damage by reason of out theirpri any robbery, embezzlement, secreting, or making away with, vity, further of any gold, silver, diamonds, jewels, precious (tones, or other f\hehveffe)ue 00(ls or merchandise, which, from and after the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, shall be

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 86. 8(9

shipped, taken in, or put on board any ship or vessel, or for and the any act, matter, or thing, damage or forfeiture, done, occasioned, or incurredj from and after the passing of this act, with ept'1317*out the privity and knowledge of such owner or owners, further than the value of the ship or vessel, with all her appurtenances, and the full amount of the freight due or to grow due for and during the voyage wherein such robbery, embezzlement, secreting, or making away with, as aforesaid, shall be made, committed, or done, although the master or mariners shall not be in any wise concerned in or privy to such robbery, embezzlement, secreting, or making away with; any law, iisage, of custom, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no owrier or owners of any ship or vessel shall be subject nor for any pr liable to answer for or make good, to any one or more per occasion tonne or persons, any loss or damage which may happen to any oarj; re on good or merchandise whatsoever, which, from and after the first day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, shall be shipped, taken in, or put on board any fitch ship or vessel, by reason or means of any fire happening to or on board the said ship or vessel.

III. And whereas disputes may arise, whether the owners or masters of Ships are liable to answer or make good the value or amount of any gold, silvery diamonds, watches jewels, or precious Jlonesy which may be loji after the same have been put on board their ships on freight, without the slippers thereof declaring at the time the value of such goods, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no master, owner or owners, of any ship or vessel, shall nor for loss be subject or liable to answer for, or make good, to any one or f old etc. more person or persons, any loss or damage which may happen to any gold, silver, diamonds, watches, jewels, or precious ping decla stones, which, from and after the passing of this act, shall be ration be shipped, taken in, or put oh board any such ship or vessel, by made of the reason or means of any robbery, embezzlement, making away vatue> ctc# with, or secreting thereof, unless the owner or (hipper thereof shall, at the time of shipping the same, insert in his bill of lacting, or otherwise declare in writing to the master, owner or owners, of such ship or vessel, the true nature, quality, and value of such gold, silver, diamonds, watches, jewels, or precious (tones.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if several freighters or proprietors of any such gold, silver. If produce of diamonds, jewels, precious (tones, or other goods or merchan fkjpjjet dine, shall suffer any loss or damage by any of the means afore answerioffes^ said, in the same voyage (fire only excepted), and the value of it is to be

the ship or vessel, with all her appurtenances, and the amount proportional of the freight due or to grow due during such voyage, shall not^be sufficient to make full compensation to all and every of e

them, then such freighters or proprietors shall receive their satisfaction thereout in average, in proportion to their respective

820

Freighter and owners o? vessels may exhibit bills in equity for discovery of'amount of Losses and value of vessels, etc.

Act not to leifen the remedy against: mailers and mariners for embezzlement, etc

Public a.

[Preamble.]

3 Geo. $. C 1 recited ia part.f

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. [1786.

Losses or damages: and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such freighters or proprietors, or any of them on behalf of himself and all other such freighters or proprietors, of to and for the owners of such ship or vessel, pr any of thetp, on behalf of himself and all the other part owners of such ship or vessel, to exhibit a bill in any court of equity for a discovery of the total ambunt of such Losses or damages, and also of the value of such ship or vessel, appurtenances, and freight, and for an equal distribution and payment thereof amongst fuqh freigliters, or proprietors, in proportion to their respective Losses or damages, according to the rules of equity: provided always, That if any such bill shall be exhibited by or on the behalf of the part owners of such ship, the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall annex an affidavit to such bill 01; bills, that he or they do not collude with any of the defendants thereto; and shall thereby offer to pay the value of such ship or vessel, appurtenances, and freight, as such court shall directs; and such court shall thereupon take such method for ascertaining such value as to them shall seem just, and shall direct the payment thereof In like manner as is now used apd pracftifed in cases of bills of interpleader. 1

V Provided always, and it is hereby declared and ena&e^j, That pothing in this, prefer aft contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to impeach, lessen, or discharge any remedy which any person or persons now hath, or shall or may hereafter have, against all, every, or any the matter and mati pers of such ship or vessel, for or in respect of any embezzlement, secreting, or making away with, any gold, silver, diamonds, jewels, precious stones, or merchandise, shipped or loaded on board such ship or vessel, or on account of any fraud, abuse, or rhalverfation of and in such master and mariners re spediively; but that it shall and may be lawful to apd for every person or persons so injured or damaged, to pursue and take such remedy for the same, against the said master and mariners respe<suveiy as he or they might have done before the making of this ah

VI. And be it further enacted, That this a! shall be a public act; and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleacted,

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act for appointing of to inquire into the Jiate and condition of the woods, forejis, and land revenues, belonging to the crown \ and to sell or alienate fee farm, and other unirnproveable rents.

WHEREAS, under and by virtue of the provisions contained in an at of the first year of your Mujejlfs reign, entitled, f An act for the suppert of his Majesty's household, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of gr'^at Britain, the moneys

: 'firijing

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. SJ. 821

arising by rents of lands, and fines for. leases of the same, and the; moneys arising from the small branches' and revenues in the said act'mentioned (except the revenue, of the duchy. of Cornwall) are directed, during your Majesty's life, to be carried to, and made part of the general or abrogate fund established by. an act of the first year of the reign of Xing George the First, and applied as part of the said fund: and whereas.your Majesty is seized: of several extenfwe forefis, chases, parks, warrens, mar sees, fens, derelict lands, and wqflesy situate in England and Wales, which are capable, under proper regulations, of hieing improved and rendered more beneficial - to your Majesty and to the public: and whereas your Majesty, from a tender regard and concern for the welfare of your people, hath, been graciously pleased to express your desire, that an inquiry Should be ..made into the state and condition of the woods, forefis, and land revenues belonging to the crown, in order that the same may be rendered as beneficial and productive as possible, and hath recommended to your parliament to take this object into, their confederation, and to make such provision thereupon as they Should judge to be mofi for the public benefit: we, therefore, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, having taken your majesty's most gracious message into our serious consideration, do most humby beseech your Majesty that it may be enact edj and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, sir Charles Middleton commiflicm baronet, John Call esquire, and Arthur Holdsworth esquire, shall ersappointed* be, and are hereby condituted of for examining and inquiring into the date, management, produce, and expenditure of the said rents of lands, and fines for leases of the same, and other moneys arising from the said small branches of revenue. herein before mentioned; and into the date, produce, management, extent, and value, of all the honours, cactes, lord/hips,

forests, chases, parks, warrens, manors, royalties, feigniories, messuages, wills, demesne and other lands, tenements, tithes, mines, minerals, colheries, woods, wood grounds, fens, marshes, Derelict and wade lands, and services, within the survey of his majesty's exchequer, and appertaining and belonging to the crown of Great Britain, situate apd being in England and Wales or either of them; and into all such subsiding leases, patents, and other grants of the said honours and premises respectively, as contain any express saving, exception, or reservation to the crown, of any rights or intereds, in possession, feversion, or contingency 5 and into all and all manner of rights and privileges claimed, exercised, or enjoyed, within, qvr, and upon his majesty's said foreds, chases, parks, warrens, woods, fens, marshes, and derelict and waste lands respectively 5 and into all. fuhfifting offices, places, and employments, established or created for the management of the said foreds, chases, parkis, apd gthef the Jaqded eftat^s, land revenue nd fipall branches, a' foresaida

lit

who are to snake inquiry r and report to his Majesty and parliament their progress.

of to take the oath following

Aeon of oath.

commissioners to meet where they think most convenient, examine wit ncffes upon oath, appoint officers, q.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 87. [1786.

foresaid* respectively, or in anywise connected therewith, and this annual expense of the same: and the said of shall, and they are hereby required to take into their confideta tkm the information which they shall procure or receivri upon such examinations auid inquiries, and within fourteen days after the commencement bf every fefcon of parliament, and from time to time, when and so often as they conveniently eah or may, (and without any special or other requisition to be made to them for that purpose), certify and report in Writing, under their hands and seals, unto the king's majesty and both houses Of parliament, what progress they shall have made in the execution of the trusts and powers of this aci, together With such bfervations as shall occur to them, and fugged such plans, rules, regulations, means, and methods, for the difpdfal and alienation, or for the future management and improvement of the said landed estates and poflfeffioris, and for the protection, increase, and supply of timber on the said forests, chases, and aether lands of the crown, for the use of the royal navy, of for redfeffing any abuses in the management of the said landed ef* fates, and the collection and due answering of the revenues of the same, or other small branches of revenues aforesaid, as the said of shall think bell calculated for rendering the said landed estates and possessions of the crown, and the revenues arising therefrom, and other small branches aforesaid, most productive and advantageous to his Majesty and the public.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the said of, before they shall be capable Of acting in the execution of this a CL shall several ty take and subscribb an oath j before the chancellor of the exchequer, or the chief baron or one of the other barons of the court of exchequer, to the effect following $ (that is to say):

I A.B. do J: wear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and hoheft ly, according to the best of my kill and judgement, execute the federal powers and trusts reposed in me by an act of the twenty sixth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled An act for appointing of to inquire into the Rate and condition of the woods, forests, and land revenues, belonging to the crown; and to sell or alienate fee farm and other urt improveable rents according to the tenor and purport of the said a fit.

So help me G 0

Which oath, so taken and subscribed, shall be filed of record in the office of the King's remembrancer of the said court.

III. And for the better execution of this act, be it further eriactv ed, That the said of shall have power to meet and sit, from time to time, in such place or places as they shall find most convenient, with or without adjournment; and to send their precept or precepts, under their hands and seals, for such witness as they shall think necessary to examine for the better

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 87. 823

ter discovery and finding out any of thb matters or things By this act directed to Be inquired and examined into by them, and io examine such witnesses, upon oath, touching and concerning such discovery and disclosure (which oath they are hereby aii thorised to admiriifter); and also shall and may appoint and employ so many clerks and officers, and allow them, with the chri sent and approbation of the lord high treasurer, or the corii niissioners of the treasury, for the time being, in writing, under his of their hand or harids, such reasonable salaries as the said of appointed by this act shall think meet; and shall and may give and administer to every of such clerks and officers 'an oath, for his true and faithful demeanour in all things relating to the due performance of the trusts reposed in him by the said of, and in all other things touching the premises; and frorri time to time, at their difcfetion, to difmils and discharge such clerks and officers, and appoint others in their jilace: and the said clerks and officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the said trusts in them severally and respectively reposed, without taking anything for such service, other than such salaries as the said of shall direct and appoint, and such fees as they shall be authorised to take by virtue of this act: provided always, that if the said of andmaym^ke shall require the attendance of any person or persons, for the satisfaction to purpose of procuring any information by this act directed to be such expen 1* procured, and such person or persons shall be called for that pur ce p'pose from his or theif usual place or places of reildence, the said of shall, at their discretion, make a reasonable satisfaction to such person and persons for his and their time and ex perices bn those occasions.

IV And) for tjpe better accomplishment of the purposes aforesaid, it further enacted, That the said of shall have commission full power and authority to call before them the several survey er? may exa" qrs, auditors, and receivers of the said fevetal revenues, and their th^officertof deputies, and all other officers and persons concerned in the the land re 'management, collection, and receipt thereof, and to examine venues, may them upon oath, (which oath the said of are hereby inspe<^ authorised to administer } or concerning the said ef aaual tates, possessions, and revenues, and every or any part of the ones to be same, and the extent, date, and value thereof, or any fees, fa made, laries, stipends, annuities, or other payments, issuing out of the lame, or chargeable thereon, or touching r concerning any Other matter or thing relating to the premises aforesaid $ further, that the said of shall have full power and authority to peruse, inffieft, and have copies of all and Angular the surveys, maps, plans, rentals, inqutfitions, terriers, vacations, particulars, counterpart's and entries of leases, patents, reports, accounts, and other written documents, relating to or'concerning any of the lands, or possessions of the crown, or the rents and profits of the same, and other small branches aforesaid, in the costody or power of whatever public officer or of j fice the same may be, without payb$flt of any see of reward for

8 $4

Chancellor, fe of the exchequer laav order e^fiaraffsons to persons, to make forveys, 'to exan&ine f if, do limits of fiwrd&s, (See

I'ersons claiming prt* Ttieges to deliver their claims; to the commifittoa* zx&>

Anna yjqprsimo sexto Georctii JIL C. 7.

fth$<. bffidu$iqnj^; and also to cause to be

jpcude, by7praaicalvand xompeteqt.jaod surveyors, adiual fuf. vey maps, pl^n^ and valuations of suck of the said forests, chases, parks, andothor lands andpoffettions of the crown, as the said commissioners shall find necessary and expedient and to examine all and every of such surveyors upon oath, (which oath the said of are hereby empowered to administer), of and concerning the truth and correctness of their said respective/urveys, or any matter or thing done or certified by such surveyors respectively, of and Concerning the premises committed to tfieir charge.

V. And wherffy.it may be found necessary by the said commissioners, in tbfi execution of this act, and for the better accomplishment of the ends and purposes thereof and more particularly for discovering the extent and limits of his majesty's forests and chases, and other lands that cmmissions of inquiry Should be awarded for those purposes; it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the chancellor and barons of the exchequer for the time being, and the said chancellor and barons are hereby authorised and required, from time to time, upon motion to them made by the said of for that purpose, to order and dire one or mare'commi(eon or commissions to be awarded and issued, under the fealpf the exchequer, directed unto such able and experienced persons as the said court shall nominate for that purpose, for authoring and impowering the persons to be so named, or so many of them as the said chancellor and barons shall think fit, to make surveys and perambulations, and to call before them, and examine upon oath, any witness or witnesses, and to inquire into, examine, try, di (cover, and ascertain, by verdict and inquest, on the oaths of lawful men, to be duly im pannelled by the proper sheriff, according to the tenor and effect of such respective commissions, the several limits, boundaries, extent, and values of the forests, chases, or other lands, to which such commissions shall respectively relate, and all such other matters and particulars which in and by such commissions shall be respectively directed to be inquired of or examined into.

VI. Andy to the end that the future improvements to be made in the land revenue of the crown may be effected without prejudice or vex ation. to the subject claiming rights, privilegej, or easements, iq through, or aver any of his Majestfs said forejlsy chases y parks, war rensy mar/bes> fens, derelict lands, and wajles; be it further enacted, That all persons shall be at liberty to deliver their respective: claims of rights, privileges, or easements, in, through, or over any of his majesty's said forests, chases, parks, warrens, marfti es, fens, derefidl lands, and wastes, to the said of of the land revenue, who shall gause the same to be entered and preserved among their proceedings, or may appear before the of to be named in any such commission as aforesaid, to be issued by the said gourt of exchequer, during their sitting upon such commission, and make their respective claims before such of who shall receive the same, and tnakg a return

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 87.- 8igr

turn thereof in their general return to the said of appointed by this act..? J

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every commilfiaa person to be named in such commission as aforesaid, shall be f18 appointed fore he proceeds to ad in the execution thereof take and subscribe an oath, before any other two of the persons named in exchequer" to the same commission, faithfully'to execute the same, and the take an oath trusts thereof, without favour or affedioh, and according to the tofaithfuljy^ best of his skill and judgement 3 which oath the persons so named, and every two of them, are hereby authorised and im -powered to administer to each other respectively.

Vni. And be it further enacted, That the lord high treasurer, Treasury to or the of of the treasury, 'for the tirfte being, and they are hereby authorised and required to issue to the said ^rs.money to of appointed by this act, by Way of impressed, and"pay balances upon account, out of any of the public moneys remaining in his and take fur majesty's exchequer, any sum or sums, not exceeding in thevy8*whole the sum of two thousand pounds in any one year, tbbe.,

by them employed in the payment of the aforesaid salaries of there*.

clerks and officers by them employed in the execution of this act; and shall also, from time to time, issue to the said of appointed by this act, out of the moneys' aforfefaidil such further sums as shall be necessary to defray the expences of taking any surveys or valuations, or issuing and executing com, millions of surveys and inquiry, and other contingent and actual charges, which shall be by them necessarily incurred in the carrying the purposes of this act, and the inquiries thereby di rede into execution.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, during the continuance No timber m

of this act, no sale shall be made of any of his majesty's timber thj: fa so* or wood, within or upon any of his majesty's Forests, chases, ^.

parks, or other grounds whatsoever, by any of his majesty's out a warrant surveyors or keepers, or by any other persons intruded with the of the trea care thereof, unless by sperial warrant to be i filled for that pur fury.

pose by the lord high treasurer, dr the of of the treasury, for the time being, upon requisition to them made by the said of appointed by this act.

X. And whereas, by virtue of an act passed in the twenty feconi

year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intitu % % Car. 2. ledy An act for advancing the sale of fee farm rents and other C 6; and rents, and of an act passed in the twenty second and twenty-third Car,

years of the reign of the same King, intituled An act for vesting rem

certain fee farm rents, and other small rents, in trustees, all see 1

farm rentsy rents servicey rents feck or dry rentsy chauntry rentsy guild rentsy castle guard rents > and other servicesy within the survey of the exchequer (except as therein excepted) were vejled in certain trustees in the said last mentioned act named, and their heirs, in order to be by themfoldy conveyed, and disposed ofy according to the directions and instructions of the same acts, or one of them 5 with a prcviso in the said lost mentioned act contained, that until sale Should be made of the said rents, the receiver or receivers general Should and might receive,

: collect

II Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. ct$p [17$

and gather the faryte: and whereas, under and by virtue of the said two recited a his, the greater part of the large rents within the survey of the cnurt of exchequer were sold by the said trustees, and the residue thereof, now remaining in charge at the exchequer, confijl chiefly of very [mail rents, the collection and payment whereof is a great and constant charge to the crown, and troublesome and vexatious to the subject and it is therefore expedient that the same Should be and such parts fad: be it therefore further enacted, That the said two several a relate to recited acts of the twenty second and twenty second and twenty rents within third years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the southeast th furiey *\ cond, and the letters patent in the said acts mentioned, so far vested^fruf as ^ame as or letters patent relate to or concern any fee tees, and not farm or other rents within the survey of the exchequer, by or by them sold, under and by virtue of the same acts vested in the faicjj trustees, toe repeal atl(j not by them sold or disposed of, or the appropriation of the the money to arise by sale thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed and vacated.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the said fee farm and other rents, within the survey of the exchequer, by or under or by virtue of the said two several recited acts, or either of them, vested in the said trustees, and not by them sold or disposed of, shall be, and are hereby declared to be in the actual feiziri and possession of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as the same would or could have been if the said acts and the said letter s patent, or any of them, had not been made.

XII. And be it further enacted, Tfeat ft ihaft ?nd may see er may agree lawful to and for the said of appointed fey this act rst^uh f to'contract and agree with any person or persons, or any bodies baste prices politic or corporate, for the sale of any fee farm rents, rents they can pro services, rents feck, quit rents, chauntry rents, guild rents, castle cure, not be guprd rents, viscontiel rents, and other dry, fixed, and unim ing under, the proveable rents, due and payable to his Majesty, his heirs or ing^8viz.w* successors, within, the furyey hnd receipt of his majesty's exche

*quer, at or for the bed prices or considerations, in money, which the said of shall be able to procure for the same, not being less, for any relit amounting to or exceeding one ifeilling per annum, than after the several rates of purchase following; (that is to say).

CD

and the said rents to be vested in his Majesty.

Commission

For rents of 108. per anhand upwards, years purchase of the net amount. From 5 8. to 108. per ann. az years purchase.

From is. and under 5s. zp years purchase.

For any relit amounting to fen Shillings per annum, or upwards, not less than twenty-four years purchase of the net a mount thereof, after deducing the land, tax chargeable thereon: For any relit amounting to five Shillings per annum, and being under ten Shillings 'per annum, not less than twenty-two years purchase of the gross amount thereof:

And for any relit amounting to' one shilling per annum, and being under five Shillings per annum, not less than twenty years purchase of the gross amount thereof.

Xlllr Provided always, and be it further enacted, the

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 87. 8ty

immediate owners of the lands of hereditaments whereout any Owners of tie rents hereby made saleable are issuing or payable, shall be pre have

ferred in the purchase thereof tp all others, so that such owners ence^in pur shall respectively pay and discharge all arrears of relit due from chasing the them, and tender themselves in person, or By agent, before the rents on cer said cpimnissioners hereby appointed to contrail for the purin cofldi chafe thereof, before the first day of January, one thousand fe on, # ven hundred and eighty eight.

XIV. And, for facilitating the conveyance of the aforesaid rents to, the respective purchasers thereof at a ftnall expence, and to relieve the said commissioners from the charge and account of the purchase moneys: be it further enacted, That the governor and directors of comjni|&qti the bank 6f England shall, and they are hereby required to open ers? certify an account in their books with the said of hereby the bank5who appointed, under the title of Commissioners for the Land Revenue, are to receivp and carry to the credit of such account the several moneys by the purchase this act directed to be paid to the cashiers of the bank; andand whefrsoever the said of shall have contracted with any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, for the Talc on the certifi of any relit or rents, the said of shall grant unto the cates, which purchaser or purchasers thereof a certificate under their hands, bin? specifying the relit or rents so contracted for, and the amount audttor of the of the purchase money to be paid for the same; and the said jan(j revenue, cashiers of the bank, or one of them, shall, upon the produc is to give portion of such certificate, accept and receive from such purchaser ^effiori of acor purchasers the purchase moneys therein specified, and at the rnt* foot of such certificate acknowledge the receipt of the said moneys, without fee or reward; and the said certificate and receipt shall be afterwards brought to the office of the auditor of the land revenue, and be by him forthwith enrolled in proper books to be provided and kept for that purpose, separate and apart from the other business and proceedings of his office; and thp said auditor, having enrolled the said certificate and receipt as aforesaid, shall attest the same under his hand, and return the said certificate and receipt to the purchaser or purchasers; and from and immediately after such enrolment, and thenceforth for ever, the respective purchasers of such rents, and their heirs or successors, shall, by force of this abe adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the adfcual seizin and possession of the rents so by them respectively purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the same peaceably and quietly, freed and discharged of and from all clain\s and demands which can or may be made by his majesty, his heirs or successors, or by any person or persons lawfully claiming by, from, or under him or them, or any of his majesty's royal aqceftorsor predecessors, or by, from, or under. the said trustees, or any of them, or the heirs of the survivor of them, and of and from all manner of encumbrances whatsoever, heretofore made or charged upon the same rents, and as fully and amply, to all intents and purposes, as his Majesty, his bfeirs or successors, might or could have held or enjoyed the me; and shall have and enjoy all and Angular the powers, rey medies,

I

818 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 87." [

medies, benefits, and advantages for the recovery thereof, gr- venor allowed to the purchasers.of rents in and by the said re cited as of the twenty second and twenty second and twenty-third years of the reign of his said late majesty King Charles the Second, in as large and ample manner and form as if such 'purchases had been made of, and the said rents conveyed by, the trustees appointed or authorised in and by or under and by virtue > of the same acts, or either of them. "

Commission

XV. And whereas some of the said rents hereby dir elded to be sold ers may comare greatly in arrear, and the lands, tenements, and hereditaments+' a^earsfbut Ut f bich be fams are may ^av8 been purchased or come

notforvless into the hands of the present owners of the said lands and her edit a futn than is ments, without their having had the means of knowing or being ap'by the prized of the said rents and arrears payable for the same; be it there

ers of fends" ore ^urt^er enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for 80 an 8# said of hereby appointed, with the consent and approbation of the lord high treasurer, or the of of the treasury, for the time being, in writing, under his or their' hand or hands, to accept such pecuniary composition of the persons who shall become purchasers of any relit or rents; in ar*- as, under all the circumstances of the case, shall be ecjui

table and just, so that such composition be not less than the a nciount of the arrear or arrears of relit which shall have accrued from the present owners respectively of the lands, tenements, 'and possessions, out of which, or in respect whereof, such relit or rents are or may be issuing or payable.

Certificate to

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the certificates to be be granted on granted by the said of, on the sale of any relit or the sale of rents as aforesaid, shall be expressed in the words following, or lows fql" as near t^ieret0 as may be 5 (that is to say, )

Form of cert) Y the commissmers of the land revenue -- These are to certificate.

jlj tify, That the said of have contracted and agreed*with* A.B. for the sale to him of all that relit of issuing and payable cut of[briefly describing the lands or hereditaments chargeable] now or late payable by.

at or for the price or sum of - of lawful

snoney of Great Britain, to be paidjy the said A.B. into the bank England, in the name of the said of [And in the case of subsisting lease, then the words following are to be addled] subject nevertkelefsto a lease thereof, granted under the great feab of Great Britain, [or, the seal of his Majesty's exchequer, as the case may be,] bearing date the day of

one ]thousand seven hundred and unto

for a term of years, which will expire

on or about the day of

Given under the bands of the said of, the day of

Certificates to Which said certificates shall be respectively witnessed and attested, be witaefled. as to the signing thereof by the said of of the land

revenue.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 87.' 829

revenue, by one of their principal clerks or other officers: and that the receipts to be given or subscribed by the cashier of the bank, at the'foot or on the back of such certificate respectively as aforesaid, shall be in the words and figures following, or as near thereto as may be; (that is to say),

RECEIVED rfo day of ^formofre

thousand seven hundred of and from A.B. ceipt to be

the sum of of lawful money of Great Britain, tb

being the confederation money exprefid in the above [or within] writ.

ten certificate.

Witness my handy

(Signed) E. F. cashier*

Which said certificates and receipts, being enrolled as aforesaid Certificates shall effectually discharge the said purchasers, or other persons to n^nrol^ 1 whom the same shall be so given and granted, of and from the^to " purchase or consideration money therein respectively expressed, charge pur and such purchasers or other persons shall never afterwards be chasers front liable to or called upon, sued, troubled, molested, or question consideration fed, for or in respect of such purchase or consideration money, money er any part thereof.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the certificates and Certificates, receipts hereby directed to be given, shall be made forth and en uedam: he" rolled at the expense of the persons entitled to or requiring the expense of same, for which certificate such fees shall be paid (exclusively of the parties, the expense of (lamps, parchment, and enrolling) as the said forwhich such of shall direct and establish, in proportion to the the C

value of the relit to be sold, so that no greater fee be paid for commissioti any one certificate than twenty Shillings; and if the certificate ers shall di be for more rents than one, a further see shall be paid for every C relit, not exceeding one fourth of the see taken for the highest relit included in the same certificate which said fees shall be received by, and distributed amongst, the officers and clerks of the said of, in such manner and proportion as they shall direct $ and the like fees as aforesaid, and no more, shall be taken by, and paid to, the auditor of the land revenue, for the enrolment of the said certificates and receipts.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That where the confi If considers deration money contracted to be paid for any purchase or dif eon^ charge whatsoever, authorised to be made by this at, shall ex thec^rhficate ceed the sum of ten pounds, the certificate of the said commis to be then on sioners shall be written on parchment, stamped or notified with astamp, such a (lamp duty as is required by law for the common conveyances, of lands, and no other damp shall be requisite for the cashier's receipt for such consideration money; and where such consideration money shall not exceed the sum of ten pounds, the said certificates shall or may be written on parchment, without any other (lamp duty than such as shall by law be requisite foj the cashier's receipts.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if VPZ. XXXV I i i an

830

If certificate be not procured, and consideration money paid, etc.in 14 days, contracts to be void, etc.

Moneys paid

treasury.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 7. [1786.

any person or persons, with whom the said of shall contract for any of the premises by this act authorised to be sold, discharged, or extinguished, shall neglect to procure and sue forth the of certificate of his, her, or their contract, or shall neglect to pay into the bank: the consideration money therein to be specified, or shall neglect to enrol such certificate, and the cashier's receipt for the said money, with the auditor of the land revenue, according to the directions of this act, for the space of fourteen days, to be computed from the day on which such contract shall have been made, the said contract shall be null and void, and the consideration money, if paid into the bank, shall be forfeited, unless the said of shall, for any reasonable cause to them shewn for the omission of such enrolment, order the said certificate to be enrolled nunc pro tunc, and which, upon such cause being shewn, they are hereby authorised to order accordingly.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every sum and into the bank sums of money, which shall be paid into the hank of England to be laid out un(jer Qr by virtue of this a CL shall from time to time be laid cent econfol8 out the order of the said of hereby appointed, and theinte*in the purchase of three per centum consolidated bank annuities, rest paid as di in the names of the said of, in which name the go rected by the

vernor and company of the bank of England are hereby authorised and required to permit transfers to be made of the annuities, funds, or stock so to be purchased, and such transfers to be accepted by the of appointed by this act, for and in the name of the lord high treasurer of England, and the said of are hereby required to accept the same accordingly; and that all and singular the annuities so to be purchased and accepted, shall remain inverted in the name of the lord high treasurer^ or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high treasurer, for the time being, and shall not be transferred or, transferable without the authority of parliament; but all the interest: of the said annuities or yearly dividends shall be from time to time paid by the said governor and company into the hands of such person or persons as shall be appointed to receive the same, by warrant or power of attorney under the hand and seal of the lord high treasurer, or of the commissioners of the treasury, for the time being, and shall, by force and virtue of this act, be deemed and taken in law to be part of the said land revenues of the crown, and shall be from time to time ahfwer ed, accounted for, applied, and appropriated to such and the same uses and purposes as the land revenues of the crown now are or would hereafter have been liable to have been applied and appropriated, in case this act had not been made.

XXI And) for the furtherance and more perfect accomplishment of the purposes of this act) be it further enacted, That all and Angular persons, who by virtue of any office or employment by

rcvcuuc them held tinder the crown, have been intruded, since his ma who aa^not jesty's accession, with the receipt of any moneys arising by rents ij}>taia a quie of his majesty's lands, or by fines of tfiq fitme, or by any of the

fov

Persons receiving any part of the land revenue

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 87.

said fniall branches of revenues before mentioned (sheriffs only excepted), or with money arising by sale of any of his majesty's woods or timber in England or Wales, and whose several and respective accounts have riot been declared and quietus eji obtained thereon, or shall not be so declared before the first day of Augufli one thousand seven hundred and, eighty seven, and also the heirs, representatives, and sureties of any such persons intruded as aforesaid, and now deceased, whose accounts are depending and unsettled, and who shall not, within the time aforesaid, procure such accounts of the deceased accomptants to be made up and declared in due form of law, shall, and they are hereby severally enjoined and required to deliver such respective accounts of their receipts and expenditure, with their vouchers for the same, unto the said of appointed by thisvad, who shall thereupon proceed to take such order and course as they shall think fit for the doling, adjusting, and liquidating the same accounts, by or before the auditor of the land revenue, in whose charge and audit such unsettled accounts may happen to be respectively; and if any default shall be made by any of the persons or parties aforesaid, in the bringing before the said of such unsettled accounts and such vouchers as aforesaid, within such time or times as the said of jhereby appointed shall limit and appoint for that purpose, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, and they are hereby required, under their hands and seals, to certify the same, and the circumstances thereof, to the chancellor and barons of the exchequer for the time being, who shall thereupon award and issue forth such processes against the said defaulters as the nature of the case shall require, and the said court think expedient; and in cases of wilful default made in the delivery of any accounts or vouchers, by any of the particular receivers of the rents of the crown, or in the payment of any balance due from them, or any of them, upon the foot of their accounts, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of hereby appointed, by writing under their hands and seals, to suspend any of such receivers from the further receipt of any rents or revenues in their cplledion, so that every such suspension shall be forthwith certified by the said Commissioners unto the chancellor and barons of the exchequer, who shall and may direct any other person or ersons to collect and receive the rents and revenues in the charge of the receiver or receivers so suspended, nd (o take and enjoy the salaries, and other sees and emoluments of office, appertaining to such receipt and collection, during the continuance of such suspension, every such suspension shall remain and continue in full force until the said chancellor and barons by their order, to be made upon the submif json of the party or parties so suspended to account for and pay the balance due from him or them, shall think, fit, or direct, to Jake off and discontinue the same $ any law, Statute, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII and be it further enacted, That if any person who I i i 2 shall

831

tus before Aug. i, 1787, to deliver theiraccpunts to the edm missioners to be liquidated.

Processes to be issued a giinft defaulters herein

and if the default be wilful, the of may suspetid them, etc.

His Majesty to appoint commission

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 87.

[1786. Persons make*shall be examined upon oath or affirmation, or shall.make any oathis incur adavit K deposition, on oath or affirmation, touching or corx the penalties cerning any of the matters or things by this act directed tp of wilful per be done or inquired into, shall be guilty of falsely and wilfully jury. swearingor affirming to any matter or thing, which, if the same

had been sworn or affirmed in any cause or suit depending in any of his majesty's courts, would have amounted to wilful and corrupt perjury, every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall incur the same penalties and forfeitures as by the laws and Statutes of this realm are provided against per fans con vied of wilful and corrupt perjury.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if the said of

appointed by this actor either of them shall decline com minion -., r \

ers in place oft ac in t "e execution of the powers and trusts hereof, or, such as may having begun to act therein, shall depart this life during the die, or decline continuance of this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for to act. his Majesty5 by warrant or warrants under his royal sign manual,

to constitute and appoint such person or persons to be a commissioner or of for the purposes aforesaid, in the place of the of so declining to a & or dying as aforesaid, as his Majesty shall think fit, and so often as such case shall happen; and the person or persons so constituted and appointed by his Majesty, having first qualified to act by taking and subscribing the oath hereinbefore provided and directed, shall be inverted with the same powers and authorities as are given oir delegated by this act unto the said commissioner or of constituted by this act respectively.

XXIV. And be it further enacted and declared, That the appointments of of in the land revenue, made or

'mission not to authorised to be made by this act, shall not be deemed or taken vacate a seat to foe within the intent or purview of an act of the sixth year of or dffqual'ify re'sn f Queen Anne, 'entitled. An act for the security of her Majesty's person and government, and of the successton of the crown

of Great Britain in the Protestant line, whereby to vacate the seat in parliament of either of the of hereby appointed, or to be hereafter appointed, by virtue of this actor to disqualify any such commissioner from being elected, or sitting, or voting as a member of the house of commons.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing II this act contained shall extend to give unto the said of hereby appointed any power or 'authority to make any inquiry into, or otherwise to interfere with, any of his majesty's royal palaces, or any houses occupied by any of the royal family, ortheforests, parks, lands, or grounds of his Majesty, adjoining or contiguous to and occupied with any of such pajaces or houses respectively, unless in obedience to any commands of his Majesty, to be for that purpose signified under his majesty's royal sign manual.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall commence from and immediately after it shall have received his majesty's royal assent, and shall continue in force for the term of

- ttoss

Appointment to the corn

from being elected.

Commissioners not to be hereby authorised to inquire into royal palaces or adjoining lands.

Commencement and continuance of this act.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 88, 89; 93$

three years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An act for settling and securing a certain annuity for the use of lady Maria Carlton, wife of sir Guy Carlton, knight of the most. honourable order of the Bath, and Guy Carlton aijd Thomas Carlton, fons of the said sir Guy Carlton, in confederation of the eminent services performed by him to his Majesty and this country.

Most gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS your Majesty, by your most gracious message to Preamble, your faithful commons, has been pleased to signify your defere of conferring a feigned mark of your royal favour on sir Guy Carlton knight of the most honourable order of the Bath, in confederation of the important services performed by him to your Majesty and this country, and for that purpose to grant to lady Maria Carlton, zvife of the said sir Guy Cariton, and to Guy Carlton and Thomas Carlton, fons of the said sir Guy Carlton, for their several lives an annuity of one thousand pounds per annum; but it not being in your Majesty's power to grant the same, or to settle the said annuity for so long a term, recommended it to the house of commons to consider of a proper method of enabling your Majesty to grant the said annuity, and of settling and securing tb?fame in the most effectual manner, esy.

Lady Maria Cariton, Guy Carlton, and Thomas Carlton, to receive an annuity of X ooool. for their lives, from Jan. i, 1785. Treasury to direct the auditor of the exchequer to make out debentures for the said annuity without fee. Annuity not to be determinable on the demise of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or by death, or removal, or any lord of the treasury, or the determination of their respective office. No see to be required anywhere on account of the annuity. Receipt of lady Maria Carlton, Guy Carlton, or Thomas Carlton, respectively, to be a sufficient discharge for payment of the annuity, which is to be free of all taxes, and if neglected to be paid, officers of the exchequer may be sued.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act to explain, amend, and extend to other tools and utensils, an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present majesty, entitled, An act to prohibit the exportation to foreign parts of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and fteei manufactures of this kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of artificers or workmen, employed in those manufactures, to go into parts beyond the seas.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the last fejfeon of parliament. Preamble, (entitled. An act to prohibit the exportation to foreign rec^ink parts of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and fteei manufactures of this kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of artificers or workmen, employed in those manufactures, to go into parts beyond the seas), it was, amongst other things, enacted, That if any person or persons in Great Britain Should? upon My pfiutm

JM3 1yhaftwa

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 89. f 1.78&t

whatever, export, load, or put on board, or pack, or eause or procure to be laden, put on board, or paeked, in order to be laden or put ort board of any ship or vessel which Should be bound to some port or place in parts beyond the seas, (except to Ireland); or Should lade, or eause or procure to be laden, on board any boat or other vessel, or Should bring, or eause to be brought, to any quay, wharf, or other place, in order to be so laden or put on board any fitch ship or vessel, any tool or utensil therein particularly mentioned, or any other tool of utensil whatever which then were, or at any time or times thereafter Should or might be, used in, or proper for the pieparing, working, finishing, or completing of the iron or fieel manufactures of this kingdom, or either of them, by what name or names soever the same Should be called or.

known, or any model or plan, or models or plans, of any such tool,

utensil or implement, or any part or parts thereof, the person or persons fooffending Should, for every such offence, forfeit and lose allfutb took or utenfih, or parts or parcels thereof, together with the packages, and all other goods packed therewith: and whereas the general) prohibition of the exportation of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and fletl manufactures of this kingdom may be productive of inconvenience; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirituar and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afleitt' From July io, bled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after 1786, such the tenth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty too s u ed in^lt ^a]j an(j may be lawful to export from Great Britain tet the British islands in the West Indies, or to any other foreign part or place whatever, any tools or utensils made use of in the iron or steel manufactures of this kingdom, which might have been legally exported before the passing of the before recited at, (except the several articles herein after particularly enumerated; patting recited that is to say, Roliers, either plain, grooved, or of any other ad, except form or denomination, of call: iron, wrought iron, or steel, for hereln^speci of iron, or any sort of metals, and frames, beds, pil

fed, Iars> ferews, pinions, and each and every implement, tool, or

utensil thereunto belonging; roliers, flitters, frames, beds, piliars, and ferews, for slitting, mills presses of all sorts in iron, steel, or other metals, which are used with a ferew exceeding one inch and an half in diameter; or any parts of these several articles, or any model or models of any of the before mentioned utensils, implements, and machines, or any part or parts thereof; and all sorts of utensils, engines, or machines used in the calling or boring of cannon, or any sort of artillery, or any parts thereof, or any model or models of tools, utensils, engines, or machines used in calling or boring of cannon, or any sort of artillery, or any parts thereof; hand stampsj dog head (lamps pulley (lamps, hammers and anvils, for damps, presses of all sorts called Cutting'out Presses, beds and punches tq be used 'therewith; piercing presses of all sorts, beds and punches to be used therewith, either in parts or pieces, or fitted together; fcor ing or (hading engines, presses for horn buttons, dies for horn buttons, rolled metal with silver thereon, parts of buttons not

fitted

the iron and steel manufactures, etc. may be exported, as might have been before

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 90, gu

fitted up into'buttons, or in an unfinished date; engines for chasing, (locks for calling buckles, buttons, and rings; die sinking tools of all sorts, engines for making button (hanks, laps of all sorts, tools for pinching of glass, engines for covering of whips, bars of metal covered with gold or silver, burnishing tones commonly called Blood Stones, either in the rough (late or finished for use); anything in the said recited act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth day or July, one thousand seven p^rfon to hundred and eighty six, it shall not be lawful for any person or fe^o^with persons, in the kingdom of Great Britain, to export to parts be intent to ex yond the seas, (except to Ireland}f or to have in his or their pof port (except session with the intent so to export, any of the tools and utensils to inland), herein after mentioned; that is to say. Wire moulds for making a^deshere paper; wheels made of metal, (lone, or wood, for cutting, in specified roughing, smoothing, polishing, and engraving glass; purcelias, pincers, (heers, and pipes, ufecf in blowing glass; potters wheels nd potters lathes for plain, roundi apd for engine turning tools, used by fadlers, harness makers, and bridle makers, namely, cantle firainers, side strainers, point strainers, creasing Rec; te(j irons, screw creafers, wheel irons, seat irons, pricking irons so^/as re bolftering irons, clams, head knives; and that the said recited lates to exact, so far as the same concerns the exporters or possessors of porters of ar the tools and utensils therein enumerated or described, shall ex ei^umera^ed11 tend, or be construed to extend, to all and every the exporters to or possessors of the tools and utensils herein enumerated and exporters of described, as fully, to all intents and purposes, as if the same articles speci were repeated and re enacted in the body of this act. fid in this

III. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue continuance in force until the end of the next session of parliament, and nd of this act. longer.

CAP. XC.

An act for repeating (b much of an act passed in the twenty second year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon salt; and certain duties upon Glauber or Epsom salts, and also on mineral alkali or flux for glass, made from salt 5 and to prevent frauds in the duties on foul fact, to be used in manuring of lands, as relates to the obtaining rock salt, or salt rock, or brine, or seawater, for the purpose of making mineral alkali, or flux for glass, dutyfree.

Preamble, reciting 22 Geo. 3. c. 39. in part. From Aug. 1, 1786, such part of recited act as relates to obtaining, duty free, rock salt, C for making a flux for glass, to be repealed, except as after mentioned. Glass makers may take rock salt, salt rock, or brine, or seawater, for making a flux for glass, at their own glass works, upon the terms of the recited act. This act not to extend to duties due, and seizures made, C before Aug. 1, 1786.

CAP. XCI.

An act for making perpetual an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating mad, fcaufes.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 92  95. [1786.

CAP. XCII.

An act to continue, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Southeast? cond, entitled, u An act for the more effectual punishment of persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, possession: of goods or money, by false or untrue pretences; for preventing the unlawful pawning of goods; for the easy redemption of goods pawned; and for preventing gaming in public-houses, by journeymen, labourers, servants, and apprentices 3 " so far as the same relates to the preventing the unlawful pawning of goods; and for the easy redemption of goods pawned,

[Public act.]

44 Geo. 3. c. 44. recited, and so much thereof as relates to the preventing unlawful pawning of goods, and the easy redemption of pawns, continued from its expiration to the end of the next session.

CAP. XCIII.

An act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain annuity to Brook Watson esquire, late commissary general in North America, in consideration of his diligent and meritorious services in that office.

aa Geo. 3. c. 82. recited. 500l. annuity may be granted to Brook Watson esq; for the life of Helen Watson, his wife. Grant under this act not to restrain his Majesty from granting any other pensions

CAP. XCIV.

An act for making compensation to the proprietors of such lands and hereditaments as have been purchased for the more safe and convenient carrying on his majesty's gunpowder works and mills near the town of Faversham, and for the better securing his majesty's docks, ships, and stores, at Portsmouth and Plymouth, in pursuance of acts of parliament made in the twenty-third and twenty rfourth years of his present Majesty's reign; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

a Geo. 3. c. 37, recited; 44 Geo. 3. c. 49, recited; 33, 890l. 158. xd, 3q. to be paid to the proprietors of lands, C in Kent, Southampton, and Devon, taken possession of for public use under recited acts. Surveyor of the ordnance to grant bills to the parties, for their respective claims, C Sums for which debentures are granted to be paid accordingly; 30l. decreed to the dean and chapter of Canterbury, to be paid, to such personas they shall authorise to receive it, C Money decreed to be paid to triiftees, to be paid by the treasurer of the ordnance to the deputy king's remembrancer, who is to grant certificates, to be filed in the exchequer. Deputy remembrancer to pay to the bank the money he receives. Barons of exchequer to give directions about moneys received by the deputy remembrancer, C Vicar of Faversham, and rector of Alverstoke, to receive the annual income of the sums decreed for the lands belonging to them. In case of death of deputy remembrancer, stock vested in him to veil in his successor. If on death of deputy, the king's remembrancer shall execute the office, the powers of this act to vest in him. Clerk of the ordnance to deposit with the clerk of the peace, debentures of persons neglecting to take the same in due time, etc. Lands in Hampshire valued in decree under recited acts, to veil in his Majesty from time of payment of the value and those not valued, to be revefted in the proprietors. Limitations of actions, to six. calendar months after fact. General issue, may be pleacted, $tc. Defendant may have treble costs.

CAP. XCV.

An act for enlarging the times appointed for the first meetings of commissioners,

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 96  99. 837

and other persons, for putting in execution certain acts of this session of parliament.

To meet in a fortnight after the end of the session.

CAP. XCVI.

An act to provide that the proceedings now depending in the fioufe of commons upon articles of charge of high crimes and misdemeanours, which have been exhibited against Warren Hastings esquire, late governor-general of Fort William in Bengal, shall not be discontinued by any prorogation or diitolution of parliament.

CAP. XCVII.

An act for raising a further sum of money, by exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six,

qoo, ooool. raised by this act.

CAP. XCVIII.

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omit -- ted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been Joft or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors   enlarged to Dec aj, 1786, and attorneys to file affidavits before Michaelmas term.

CAP. XCIX.

An act to after tain the fees to be taken by the officers of the receipt of his Majests exchequer, on the issues of money which have been made, and shall hereafter be made, for the payment of certain pensions at the receipt of his Majests exchequer.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act of parliament passed in the twenty

second year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An Geo. 3. C act for enabling his Majesty to discharge the debt contrasted recited, upon his civil list revenues, and for preventing the same from being in arrear for the future, by regulating the mode of payments out of the said revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out or the revenues of the civil list), it is among other things enacted,

That no penfon whatsoever, on the civil establishment, shall hereafter be paid but at the exchequer, and in the same manner as those pensions which were then paid and entered at the exchequer under the head, title, and description of Pensions, and with the name of the person to whom, or in truffor whom, the said penfton was granted; and that those which were transferred thither by the said act Should be subject to no taxes or fees whatsoever, except the taxes and sees to which before the said act they were subject, any Statute, law, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding; nor Should any penfon, hereafter to be granted, be charged at the exchequer with further or other fees than were heretofore paid on penftons to the paymaster of the penftons: and whereas it is recited by the said act, fhat it being intended that all

From July 5,7 86, treasury to pay see on pensions transferred from treasury and penfton office to the exchequer, to officers thereof.

Officers of

exchequer may demand fees on pensions granted or tole

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 99. [1786.

savings from salaries and sees of the offices by the said act suppreffied> Should be applied in aid of the civil list expenses, it is by the said act further enabled, that all fees hitherto payable and by the said act not excepted, on any payments, within the civil list revenues, do fill con time to be paid, and remain for the disposal of the commijfmers of the treasury: and whereas there have been for many years iffiues of money out of the receipt of his Majestfs exchequer, under the title of Secret and Special Service, by which many pensions have been paid at the treasury, on which the officers of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer were allowed to take fees to the amount of two and an half per centum and likewise iffiues of money to the paymqfter of pensions. the said officers were allowed to take fees to the amount of one pound, three killings, and nine pence per centum, which sees were never charged upon the said pensions, but were paid by the commissioners of the treasury: and whereas no sufficient provision is made, in the said act for the payment, of the fees to which the officers of the receipt of his Majestfs exchequer were legally entitled before the puffing hf the said act, whereby the said officers have been, and may hereafter tie prevented from receiving the same, contrary to the intentions of the said act: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by there authority of the same, That it shall and may Be lawful, from and immediately after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, to and for the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, to issue and pay, and they are hereby authorised and required to issue and pay, or cause to be issued and paid, out of the moneys which have arisen, or shall arise, by any savings accruing from the salaries and sees of the offices by the said act suppressed, or from fees payable on any payments within the civil list revenues, which, by the said at, remain for the disposal of the commissioners of the treasury, (or out of any such other of his majesty's civil list revenues), as they shall think fit, all such sum or sums of money to the auditor, clerk of the pells, or any or either of the four teliers, or any Other of the officers and clerks of the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, upon any sum or sums of money issued since the paging of the said at, or to be hereafter iflbed for the payment of pensions transferred from the treasury, and from the office of paymaster of pensions, to the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, as the said officers of the receipt of his majesty's exchequer would have been entitled to have received as their legal fees upon issues of the like sums of money, under the head of Secret or Special Service, or to the paymaster of pensions; anything in the said act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the auditor, clerk of the pells, or any or either of the four teliers, or any other of the officers or clerks of the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, to demand and

*34

granted, since recited a.

On death of the auditor, etc. the fees to be applied to the purposes of the recited act etc.

[Public act.]

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. io.

take upon all pensions granted finee the passing of the said act, or hereafter to be granted, the fees of two and one half per ten turn, and no more, (which were the usual fees paid heretofore to the late paymaster of the pensions on pensions paid at that office), according to their respective proportions, which said fees are by the said act charged upon the said pensions.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon the death, surrender, forfeiture, or removal of the auditor, or any or either of the four teliers, the proportion of the said fees belonging to the respective officer so dying, surrendering, forfeiting, or being removed, shall be applied to the uses and purposes directed by an act of the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, Ancttt for establishing certain regulations in the receipt of his Majestfs exchequer); and such proportion of the said fees, belonging to the clerk of the pells, as are allowed to be taken upon moneys issued for the payment of the said pensions during the life of the right honourable sir Edward Walpole, late clerk of the pells, be paid to his legal representative or representatives; and such proportion of the said fees as: ate or shall be allowed to be taken upon moneys issued for the payment of the said pensions since the decease of the said late sir Edward Walpole, shall be reserved for the uses and purposes directed by the said act,

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a public act; and shall be taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. C

An act to prevent occasional inhabitants from voting in the election of members jo serve in parliament, for cities and boroughs, in that part of Great Britain called England, and the dominion of Wales.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it frequently happens, in cities and boroughs

where the right of election of members to serve in parliament is in the inhabitants paying foot and lot, or in the inhabitants householders, housekeepers, and pot wallers % legally settled, or in the inha'bitants householders, housekeepers, and pot waliers, or in the inhabitants householders refiants, or in the inhabitants within such cities or boroughs, that much trouble, expense, and litigation, is created by occasional voters, to the great prejudice of the real inhabitants, who bear the burdens of such cities and boroughs, and to whom the right offending members to parliament belongs: for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the kings most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of August, one thousand From Aug. tf seven hundred and eighty six, no person shall be admitted to X 7^ any. vote at any election of a member or members to serve in parlia*

fa any city or borough of that part of Great Britain called tant, paying

England, scot and lot.

846 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 101. [1786.

etc. who shall England, or the dominion of Wales, as an inhabitant paying scot jot have been and jotj or as an inhabitant householder, housekeeper, and pot ^evioustq9 waller, legally settled, or as an inhabitant householder, house thceieaion, keeper, and pot waller, or as an inhabitant householder refianty t forfeit 10l.; or as an inhabitant of such city or borough, unless he shall have been actually and Iona side an inhabitant paying foot and lot, or an inhabitant householder, housekeeper, and pot waller, legally settled, or an inhabitant householder, housekeeper, and pot waller, or an inhabitant householder refiant, or an inhabitant within such city or borough, six calendar months previous to the day of the election at which he shall tender his vote; and if any person shall vote at any such election, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, his vote shall be deemed null and Void, and he shall forfeit, to any person who shall sue for the same, the sum of twenty pounds, to be recovered by him or her, by action of debt, in any of his majesty, courts of record at Westminster^, wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, privilege, or imparlance, shall be admitted or allowed; and in every such action the proof of inhabitancy, as aforesaid, shall lie upon the person against whom the same shall be brought: provided nevertheless, That such action be commenced within six calendar months after the cause of action accrued: provided also, but not to ex That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed fe*ta*trin^ex*enc^ to any person acquiring the possession of any house, m any city or borough, by defeent, devise, giarriage, or marriage Sefeent, etc. settlement, or promotion to any office or benefice aor to persons

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this act

claiming a shall relate only to those persons who claim to exercise the fi; an

j^van*0* ce voting as habitants paying scot and lot, or as inhabi

rtberdeferip tant householders, housekeepers, and pot waliers, legally set tsoo than tied, or as inhabitants householders, housekeepers, and pot

habitant waliers, or as inhabitants householders refiants, qr as inhabi

seat tants within such cities or boroughs, and shall not extend to any

a e C other description of persons who may claim to vote at any election for members t6 serve in parliament for such cities or boroughs, by any other title, or by any other superadded qualification,

CAP. CL

An act for erecting certain light houses in the northern parts of Great Britain.

jpffcambje. WHEREAS it would conduce greatly to the security of navigation and the fisheries, if four light - houses were erected in the northern parts of Great Britain; one at kinnaird's Head, in the county of Aberdeen; one on the island of North Ranilfha, in the Orkneys one on the point tf/scalpa, in the island of Herries j and a fourth on the Mull of Kintyre: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's imost excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present

parliament

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 101. 841

parliament aflsembled, and by the authority of the same, That Any five of it shall and may be lawful to and for his majesty's advocate and he con?naiit solicitor general for Scotland; the lord proyost, and eldest baillie app^tedt*of Edinburgh; the lord proyost, and eldest baillie of Glasgow; may agree for provosts of Aberdeen, Inverness, and Campbeltown; the sheriffs lands for depute of the counties of Edinburgh, Lanerk, Renfrew, Buter

Argyle, Inverness, Ross, Orkney, Gaithness, and Aberdeen, for the time being, or any five of them, which nuipher is hereby de rn parts of dared to be a quorum, who are hereby appointed of Great Britain or trustees for putting this act in execution, to contract and agree with the owners or proprietors of lands, lying and situated at the places aforesaid, and most convenient for erecting the said light houses, for so much land as may be necessary for that purpose, and shall pay such rate and consideration for the same, as shall be agreed on between the said of or trustees, and the owners or proprietors of such lands, either by absolute purchase, or by payment of a relit, or certain annual sum for the same.

II. And whereas it may happen that some of the owners, proprietors or occupiers of such land, which may be necessary for eridling the said light houses, may insist upon too high prices or rents for the jame9 or through infancy, minority, defect of the title deeds, encumbrances, debts, or other disabil'tties or causes, it may be difficult to obtain valid and legal rights to some of the properties necessary to be used for these purposes\for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any owners or occupiers of any lands or heritages Sheriffs de shall be under any of the circumstances before described, it shall and may be lawful for the said of or trustees, ian's where and they are hereby authorised and empowered to apply to the differences sheriff depute of the county where such lands and heritages shall arise relative respectively lie, who, upon such application, is hereby impow pnce>ctc* ered and required to order a visitation and inspection of such lands and heritages, and to call before him the respective owners, proprietors, or occupiers thereof, or the trustees, tutors, or curators, or others, having the charge and administration of the affairs of such owners, proprietors, or occupiers, requiring them, within a limited time, to show cause why such lands and heritages, may not be alienated, granted, or leased for the purposes aforesaid; and thereupon the said sheriff shall proceed to hear the said parties, and to pronounce sentence upon the said matter as shall be reasonable and just: provided always, That if any Appeal may person or persons shall think him or themselves aggrieved by fred the sentence of the said sheriff, that it shall and may be lawful sheriffs to the to such person or persons to apply, by petition, to the lords of lords of council and session to have such sentence reviewed, altered, or session amended, and the lords of session are hereby empowered and required to proceed and determine therein summarily, without abiding the course of any roll; provided always, That such application be made to the lords of session within twenty-one days after the date of the sheriff's sentence, if the court be then sitting, or within six days after the meeting of the said court.

42 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. ibt.

[17 $6;

Sheriff fro b

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if

to^ttermhie^ pon tr^a* appear to the few foeriff, that the same may the value of he alienated, granted, or leafeyd, without hurt or prejudice of the lands. said owners, proprietors, or occupiers, and shall be so sound and declared, then, for afcetthining the value or consideration, pr relit to be paid for the said lands and heritages, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said sheriff, and he is hereby empowered and required, after the elapsing of the said space in which the pevfons who may think*themselves aggrieved are allowed, to apply to the court of session for redress aforesaid; or in case of any such application, after a decree of the said lords shall be extracted thereupon, to summon and impannel a competent number of discreet, substantial, and disinterested persons of the county in which the lands are situated, not less than twenty, nor more than forty, and out of such persons so summoned and returned, to name and appoint a jury of fifteen persons, each of them possessed of an estate of fifty pounds Scots valued relit in the county, to come and appear before him, at such time and place as by his warrant or precept shall be directed, and to receive such Evidence as shall by either party be brought before him; and the said sheriff shall examine the said evidence upon oath (which oath he is hereby authorised and empowered to administer), touching the value, consideration, or relit, to be paid to the respective owners, proprietors, or occupiers of the said lands or heritages, necessary for erecting the said light houses; and the verdict of the said jury shall be final and conclusive: provided always, That all parties concerned shall have their lawful challenges against any of the said jurymen, order pay JV, And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid ment of sums That the said sheriff depute shall, and he is hereby authorised awarded by and required, upon such verdict given, to order payment of such verdict of sum or sums of money, or the rents or certain annual sums, and

juries, C to orcja in fop owners, proprietors, or occupiers of such lands and

heritages, or their trustees, tutors, curators, or administratots, to convey, grant, or lease to the said dnnmissioners or'trustees, all such lands and heritages for the purposes aforesaid and all contracts, agreements, fples, leases, or other conveyances, made' or directed ip be made, shall be valid to all intents and purposes; any law, Statute, usage, or any other matter or thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof notwithstandingt and all trustees, tutors, or curators, corporations, proprietors, or incumbrancers, subject to tailzies, and all other persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of, or in pursuanc* of this acct: provided always, That the price, consideration, feu duty, rents, or annual sum, to be paid for the said lands, shall be settled or veiled, in trustees, so as to descend and be devised to the same heirs of tailzie, and be subject to all such trust'r, conditions, and limitations, as are contained in the original settlements, deeds, or tailzies, of the respe^iyely lauds so conveyed for the purposes aforesaid

V. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be layyful to find

collector. if'.. fc?

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. ioi. 843

for the said of or trustees to choose and appoint, by writing under their hands, clerks or collectors for levying the duties herein after mentioned, and such other officers as they shall judge necessary to be employed under them, for carrying this act into execution, and from time to time to remove fuel officers, or any of them, and to appoint others in their stead and to settle such fees or salaries to such clerks, collectors, and other officers as the said trustees shall judge reasonable.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commis Commission sioners or trustees to ered, or eause to be erected, upon the

foresaid lands, proper light houses, with such other buildings *0 99 and conveniences as to them shall appear necessary \ also to ered, or eause to be erected, breasts or wharves for landing coals or fuel for burning in such'light houses, or any materials necessary for the building and maintaining the same; and also to make, or eause to be made, 'roads from the said breasts or wharves to the said light houses.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the time such light houses shall be finished,

in such manner as to have the proper lights or signals put up completed, therein, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, the duties fd or for such persons as they shall appoint, to demand, collect, lowing to be receive, and take, of and from all and every the masters and Pajdby ships owners of every ship or decked vessel, the sums following; (that pa em is to say),

K

From every British ship or decked vessel, navigated according For every to law, which shall pass any of the said light houses, whether the said ship or vessel shall be outward or homeward bound, or e toe^.ng on a foreign voyage, or falling coastways, a sum not exceeding one penny sterling per tonne:

And for every foreign ship or decked vessel, passing as afore If foreign, 2d. said, a sum not exceeding twopence sterling per tonne. Per toa\

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of or trustees shall, congderaiioa out of the duties hereby granted, satisfy and pay to the owners, proprietors, or occupiers of the said lands, on which the said pout of light houses are to be erected, the consideration, feu duty, or the duties, relit agreed or awarded to be paid for the same.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Annual ae said trustees shall keep and enter, in proper books, minutes of counts ofre their proceedings, and fair, just and true accounts of the re dtfburfe ceipts and disbur foments of all moneys which shall be received ments to be hr expended by them in consequence of this act, and shall eause sent to the to be made out and properly authenticated, once in every year, treasury, etc four copies of the said accounts, whereof one shall be transmitted to the lord high treasurer of Great Britain, or lords of of his majesty's treasury 5 two to the of q( his majesty's customs at Edinburgh, to be presented by them

ta

Commissioners may borrow i, ooool. and the ex

less a receipt for the same be produced.

844 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 101.

[178&

to both houses of parliament; and one to be delivered to the annual convention of the royal boroughs in Scotland.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said of or trustees shall be, and they are hereby empowered and declared to have full power and lawful author

pences of this nty* at any time or times hereafter, by any mortgage cr mort act, on ere gauges, or any act or acts, deed or deeds under their hands duly dit of the du executed, to borrow or take up, at a rate of interest not exceeds lcsa ing the lawful interest at the time of the loan, any sum or sums

of money, not exceeding one thousand pounds sterling, upon the security and credit of the duties granted by this act, for answering the expenses of making the works aforesaid, and such further sum as shall be sufficient to discharge the' expense of obtaining and passing this act; and may assign such duties to any person or persons, body politic or corporate, who shall furnish or advance such money, or any part thereof, as a fe. purity for repayment of the same.

XI. Andy to the intent the duties may he duly answered and paid Ko entry of be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the col thedut^tobe ^e<^ors f h's majesty's customs, comptrollers, receivers of en received un C tries, surveyors or searchers, waiters, and all other officers of the customs whatsoever, or their respective deputies pr clerks, at any of the ports, harbours, or places of Great Britain, shall not, after the commencement of the said duties, take or receive any entry or cocquet, or other discharge or clearance, or take any report outwards, for any ship or vessel liable or subject to, the said duties, until the said duties shall be paid pursuant to the directions of this act, to the respective collectors to be appointed by the said of or trustees to receive the same, and until such respective matter or owner of any ship or vessel, subject to the said payment thereof, shall shew to such respective officer a receipt for the same.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Goods maybe That in case any owner or matter, or any person having thp

C A" charge or command of any such ship or ships, vessel or vessels, charged or chargeable with any of the duties granted by this act, shall refuse to pay the same, that then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, or the cou lector or collectors, or other persons to be appointed by them, to seize, take, and detain, preferable to, and notwithstanding any right of hypothecation, attachment!, arrestment, or other right whatsoever, claimable by or due to any person, any of the goods, merchandise, guns, tackle, furniture, and apparel, of or belonging to any such ship or vessel, and the same to detain and keep until the said duties shall befatisfied and paid; and in case of any neglect or delay in payment of the said duties for the space of three days after such seizing, taking, or detaining, that then it shall and may be lawful for the said trustees, or the collector or collectors, receiver or receivers of the said duties, or such person or persons as the said trustees shall authorise and appoint, to cause the flune fcj? bp appraised by two or more suffi r

cieot

seized if duties are not paid, etc.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. tot 845

dent persons or sworn appraisers, afrd afterwards to sell and dispose of the goods so taken and appraised, and thereout to satisfy the said duties so neglected to be paid, together with the charges of such seizing, taking detaining, and selling the same, shall be ascertained by the said seizers, upon oath, rendering to the matters or owners of such ship or vessel the overplus (if any there be) on demand: provided nevertheless, That nothing in this'exemption ad contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to charge f^fevourof any of the ships or vessels belonging to his Majesty, his heirs the raj 0 or successors, or any vessel or wherry employed in the service of navy, etc. his majesty1*s revenue, or any ships or vessels employed in the Greenland or other northern whale frftiery, or going to Archangel in russia, or returning from thence, provided the said ships return before the fifteenth day of September in each year.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no ship or Vessels passing vessel, whether outward or homeward bound, or failing coast rj.t*1 ways, shall pay more than one penny or twopence as aforesaid, 0ufegt0 pay although the said ship or vessel shall have, in the course of the duty only said voyage, passed more than one of the said light housesi once.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the four Duties not light houses aforesaid are built and lighted in a proper manner, paya^e hu a notice thereof shall be given by the of ortrustees ^fce of three several times in the London Gazette, and in all theedin light houses burgh newspapers; and the said duty on the tonnage of ships being com and vessels passing the said light houses shall only commence pleted.

and be exigible one calendar month after the date of such first notice in the said Gazette and newspapers.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the said light houses and otherbuild Light houses ings shall be vested in the said trustees or of, who t?^>ev^in shall, from time to time, keep and maintain the same in good

and sufficient repair, and shall in the night feafori maintain a*proper fire or light therein, so as the trade, navigation, and the fisheries may be effectually benesited, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of and trustees, out of the said duties granted by this act, to pay all just and reasonable sums of money and charges that shall or may be expended in erecting, maintaining, and supporting the said light houses, and fire or light to be kept therein, together with all other charges which shall be proper and necessary for executing the aforesaid trust, and the interest of all such sums from the respective times of advancing the same until reimbursement, with the charges of collecting and recovering the duties aforesaid, and likewise to the discharge of the principal of the said sums.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any surplus shall remain, after the fdveral payments Surplus of herein before directed to be made, the same shall, once in every du*iei to year, be vested in some one or other of the public funds of the kingdom, and shall be allowed, together with its interest, whenvuffici to accumulate until the yearly interest of the same (half amount cut to the ex Vol. XXXV Kkk to

?4c

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. s, jpi.

[1786.

duties to cease.

Meetings of commimon

pences of the to a sum jequal to the whole expense attending the said light light houses, houses; and that, how fopn the said interest Stall amount to the sum necessary for the purposes of the said lightr houses, theq, and in that case, the sums that shall have been heretofore payable by the several ships and vessels passing the said light houses, shall ipso facto cease, determine, and be no longer payable.,

ersmt^n".

XII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That pound'form" feid commissioners or trustees, at their annual general

duties. meeting to be herein after appointed, (ha! find that the payment of the several duties aforesaid bears particularly hard on any ships or vessels, by reason of the said ships or vessels passing frequently in the same year some one or other of the said light houses, and being employed in a trade which cannot bear a frequent repetition of the said duties, it shall he lawful for the said commissioners or trustees, on a representation from the masters or owners of the said ships or vessels, or of the persons concerned in the said trade, and on the truth of the allegations contained in the said representation being proved to the satisfaction of the said commissioners or trustees, to compound With, or agree by the year with the masters or owners of the said ships or vessels for a lesser sum than the duties per tonne exigible ut the time would amount to.

xvllt And for carrying this act into execution, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That there shall be a general meeting of the (sp commi$9pers or trustees, held at Edinburgh on the first Tuesday of August, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and in every subsequent year on the Tuesday of the vyeel^ in which the general convention of the royal boroughs in Scotland s held; which meetings shall have power to adjoqrn from, time to time: provided always, That all alterations in the rates of the duties to be paid as aforesaid shall be made at one of the said general meetings, and the accounts audited and pafljed, at; the said general meetings.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, in case apy (pit or aj&ion shall be commenced against the

ac anefto be^commi (Fionas or trustees, or any other pjerson or persons, for any th^pg dpne in pursuance of this act, the defendant or defendants, in such salt or action, may produce this act, and plead that the said things were done in pursuance and by the authority of this a, and if it shall appear so to be done, that then the defendants shall be absolyed from every fudi salt, action or auons, and shall have double costs and expenses in the defence thereof awarded to them, from and against the prosecutor or prosecutors of the same.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all qieriffs, justices of th peace, judges, and magistrates, with their officers, messeng^rs at arms, and all other officers and executors of the law whatsoever, and every of them, are hereby required to be aiding and assisting in putting this act into due and effectual execution.

ers.

Defendants

entitled to double costs.

Sheriffs, etc. to a(iifl. in the execution of this act.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. g, igs  104,

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed, in all Courts of law or equity, as a public act; and all judges and justices of such courts are hereby required to take notice of it as such, without specially pleading the same,

CAP. CII.

An act for enlarging: the term and powers of an act passed in the fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, for impowering the commissioners for putting in execution the several acts passed for paving, clean sing, and lighting the squares, streets, and lanes, within the city and liberty of Westminster, and parts adjacent, to collect certain tolls on Sundays upon the several roads therein mentioned, and apply the fanhe for the purposes of the said acts.

5 Geo. 3. c. 15, recited, j Geo. 3. c. 161, and continued for at years (except as to stamp duties). Enabling the trustees to apply part of the tolls in aid of the iooool. per ann. paid for paving piccadilly, etc. Expenses of this act to be paid out of the first money raised

CAP. CIII.

An act for atfeffing the of, clerks, and other officers of the office for victualling his majesty's navy, for their salaries, and the profits of their respective offices, to the land tax, in the manor of Baste Smithfield, in the tower division, in the county of Middlesex, notwithstanding the removal of the said office into any other division of place.

C 3. land tax this session. Commissioners, etc. Of Victualling office to continue to be assessed to the land tax in East Smithfield, on the removal of the office; but one fourth of assessment for appointments created since Feb.5, 169a, and the whole for those from Dee. X 178$* to be paid to the division to which the office may be removed.'Public act

CAP. CIV.

An act for allowing a drawback of the duties upon coals used in melting copper and lead ores and in fire engines for draining water out of the copper and lead (nines, within the Isle of Angiefey.

WHEREAS there are within the Isle of Angiefey consider able mines of copper and lead but for want of coals and other fuel within the said ifie9 proper for smelting the copper and lead ores raised from the said mines, the said ores in order to be smelted9 are always carried to places where coals pay no duty as under the present duties upon coals, added to the expenses of freight, and other charges, the ore from the said mines cannot be melted within the said ifie without consider able loss to the proprietor s9 who are thereby prevented from working the said mines effectually: and whereas by reason of the increasing depth of the said mines and the situation of the ore it will be impossible for the water to be kept out of them without the help of fire engines in working of which great quantities of coals mufi be used9 whereby the owners and proprietors of the said mines will be under the same difficulties and discourage merits as insupplying themselves with coals for the purpose of smelting: and whereas the encouragement. of the working of copper and lead mines'within the

sold

847.

[Public act.]

Preamble

From July 5, 1786, drawbacks to be

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 105, 106. [1786.

said isle will contribute as well to the employment of many miners and labourers within the ifley as to the increase of the trade an A manufactures of the kingdom in general: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, for all coals which shall be used in allowed of all calcining or smelting copper and lead ores, within the Isle of duties paid Anglesey, or which shall be used in fire engines for draining for fmeuine wa*er out of the mines of copper and lead within the said isle, copptr andt fr which duties have been fiyrft answered and paid, a drawback lead ores, shall be allowed and made of all such duties, upon proof by etc. in Angle oath being first made before the customer or collector of the said^(which oath he is hereby empowered and required to administer) that such coals have been soused and applied; which drawback of all the said duties shall be returned and paid, by the collector of the said duties, to such person or persons so making proof as aforesaid, or such other person or persons as hath or have first answered and paid the said duties.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the autho drawbacks rity aforesaid, That the amount of such drawbacks shall not rrnn? eed exceed the sum of one thousand five hundred pounds in any t mn m one year, to commence and be computed from the twenty-fourth day of June, annually 5 and that the customer or collector of the said duties shall keep an account of the drawbacks returned and paid by him in pursuance of this act, and that he shall not allow or return duties to a greater amount than here in before mentioned; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Wool, in one year,

CAP. CV.

An act for continuing the salaries and profits of the of, clerk, and other officers, of the pay office and navy office respectively, rateable to the land tax, in the wards of Broad Street and' Tower, within the city of London, notwithstanding the said office Should be removed into any other division or place.

[Public act.]

Land tax C 3. of this session. Commissioners, etc. of the navy pay office, and navy office, to continue to be assessed to the land tax in the wards of broad street and Tower, though the offices be removed. One fourth of assessment for appointments created since Feb. 15, 1691, and the whole for those created since Dec. 15, 1785, to be paid to the dlf trict to which the offices may be removed.

CAP. CVI.

An act for incorporating certain persons, therein named, by the name and file of The British Society for extending the Fisheries, and improving the Seacoasts of this Kingdom $ and to enable them, ivben incorporated, to subscribea joint stock, and therewith to purchase lands, and build thereon free towns, villages, and fish

ing

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 106.

ing flat ions in the highlands and islands in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for other purposes.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the building of free towns, villages, harbours, quays, piers, and fishing stations, in the highlands and islands of North Britain, will greatly contribute to the improvement of fisheries, agriculture, manufactures, and other useful objects of industry in that part of the kingdom, in which the disperfed situation of the inhabitants hath hitherto proved a great impediment to their active exertions; and their being collected, into fishing towns? and villages would be the means of forming a nursery of hardy seamen for his Majesty's navy, and the defence of the kingdom: and whereas the finding, immediate employment at home for great numbers of people, would be the means of putting a flop to the dangerous spirit of emigration now prevailing, and likely to prevail in a great degree, to the depopulation of that part of his Majesty's dominions, and loss to the (kingdom of many of his Majesty's useful subjects: and whereas an undertaking for these laudable, purposes cannot be so conveniently or effectually carried on unlessa consider able joint stock be raised for that purpose: whereds fleveral persons have already formed themselves into a society, and subscribed considerdble sums for carrying the purposes abovementioned into execution, but are apprehensive that difficulties may arise, as well in recovering debts which may grow due to the joint stock, as in defending, suits.: or actions which may be commented or brought fgainfl the subscribers for any matter or thing relative to the joint focieiyi as by law, 'all the several subscribers and proprietors in the joint society mu ft, in such cases, both sue and be sued, implead and be impleacted, " by their several distinct names and descriptions, and to prevent the several subscribers from becoming liable to the payment of any fitm or sums beyond their respective shares in such capital joint stock; [therefore, for the more eaflly carrying into execution the several undertakings herein before mentioned, and for avoiding the difficulties aforesaid, the aid society are defer ous of being incorporated, and having a common seal and name, by which they may sue and be sued, implead and be impleacted: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and conform of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the Members of most noble John duke of Argyk, the most noble John duke of je corpora atboly the right honourable George Campbell commonly called tin Marquis of Lorn, the right honourable fames Graham commonly called Marquis of Graham, the right honourable Archibald earl of Eglington, the right honourable Francis earl of Moray, the right honourable fames earl of Abercorn, the right honourable fohn earl of Breadalbane, the right honourable fohn earl of Dunmore, the right, honourable Anthony earl of Kintore, the right honourable Adam Gordon commonly called Lord Adam Gordon, the right honourable Frederick Campbell commonly called Lord Frederick Campbell, the right honourable George Leveson Gower commonly called Earl Gower, the right honourable lord Mack

donaldy

15 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 106. [1786.

donate the right honourable Henry Dundas, the honourable major-general jtfamir Murray, the honourable Archibald Fraser, sir Haroord Harbord baronet, sir Hugh Munro baronet, sir Adam Furguffon baronet, sir James Riddle baronet, sir Robert Herries knight, sir George Young knight, Ray Campbell esquire, Archibald Macdonald esquire, captain Colin Campbell, Neil Malcolm, Francis Humberstone Mackenzie, George Dempster, Hamilton Demp

fier, Duncan Campbell of Lochnell, Kenneth Munhifon, George Steuart, Mackenzie of Bishopsgate Street London, Kenneth

Mackenzie of Terridan, major James Munro, Angus Macaulay, colonel &wz//, Miller, y Call) Henry Beaufoy,

Mcugillivray, y Tfw#, y Mackenzie of Lentron, George Cuthbert, Lewis Cuthbert, Cameron, lieutenant y^ff

Mackey, Alexander Ahderfen, Hawkins Brown, Patrick

Home, captain Donald Campbell, Thomas Hoby, James Fraser, William Wilber force, Duncan Campbell of Minching Lane London, Alexander Blair, y?/w Campbell, David Dale, Alexander Ross, Duncan Davidson, David Mitchell, captain William Fraser, Kenneth Mackenzie of Gower Street London, Alexander Pringle J. S. F. Fraser, James Webjler, David Webjler, Callender

late of Bothbay, David Anderson, general Fletcher Campbell, John Ogilvie, Thomas Longlands, lieutenant general Henry Fletcher, Adam Drummond, Alexander Fraser, Robert Grant, William Grant, John Paifly, Thomas Ogilvie, William Hamilton, James Sstexvart % Alex. Macintofh, Robert Fairful, lieutenant Roderick Mackenzie,

John Grant, Thomas Miles Riddle, lieutenant general Richard, Prescott, lieutenant general Edward Maxwell, their executor administrators, and assigns, and every other per sort or persons, who shall hereafter, either in their own right, or as executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, in right of any other per soil or persons, become proprietors of, or interested in any part, or sum of the said joint capital stock or fund herein after mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby made a distiodt and separate body politic and corporate, in deed and in name, by the Corporate name or style of The British Society for extending the fisheriesi and

name, improving the Sea Coajls of this Kingdom; and that by the above

name they shall have succession and a common seal, and that they and their successors may, from time to time break, 'alters or make new or change such common seal, as shall be found most expedient 5 and that the said society shall be able and capable in law, and shall have perfect and full power and ability in law, to have, purchase, receive, take, and enjoy lands, tenements, and hereditaments of what kind, nature, or quality soever

Bodies corpo

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any felund^on^ person or persons* body politic or corporate, may give, grant, vey lands*fell, or convey to the said society, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the use and benefit of the said society; and that the said society shall have power and ability in law to grant, fell, demise, alien, or dispose of such lands, tenements, and heredifamwts, of pyf>arttfaeifcof, at their will

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 106. 851

and pleasure, and in their corporate name shall and may be able in law to sue and implead, be fried and impleacted, answer and be answered, in any court of record or elsewhere, in all causes and a&ioris whatsoever, fof, touching, or concerning the said corporation.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said society to Capital joint raise a capital joint stock, to be applied to purchasing or other flock, wise acquiring lands and tenements in perpetuity, and for the building of free towns and villages, harbours, quays, piers, and fishing stations, on such lands so purchased or acquired, and on no other lands or tenements Whatsoever, hot exceeding the sum of one hundred and fifty thousand pounds sterling, at such time and in such proportions as at any general court or courts of the said society to be held in pursuance of this a shall be directed; and that the same shall be divided into a number of shares, each share not exceeding the sum of fifty pounds sterling 5 and that no one per fori subscribing shall become proprietor of more than ten shares, in his, her, or (Heir names, otherwise than by bequest or operation of law; and if ft shall to happen, that any number of persons subscribing, are actually members of a joint partnefftiip in bufiriefs, they mail jointly be considered as one name or perfori, holding a (hacfe of shares not exceeding ten in number, for any ode joint partnership, or in the name of any other person or persons in trust for him, her, or them (except the same shall come to him, her, or them, by deyife, bequest, marriage, of ai of law), upon pain of forfeiting to the said society all such shares, exceeding ten shares as aforesaid, and the money so to be raised is hereby appointed to be applied in the pufchafe of lands, as aforesaid, and for the purpose of building by public advertised contracts, free towns and villages, harbours, quays, piefs, and fishing stations thereupon: provided always, That it shall in no case be lawful for the said society to borrow any futri or furris of money whatsoever and they are hereby prohibited from borrowing the same.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said sum of one hundred ad fifty thousand pounds Stock to be sterling, or such futri as shall be raised, by the persons herein divided into before named, or by such person or persons as may hereafter ftiares* become a proprietor or proprietors of the said society, so divided into shares of fifty pounds sterling each share, shall be, nd the same are hereby vested in the several persons herein before described, and their several respective executors, administrators, successors, and a Signs, for their and every of their proper use and benefit, proporfioriably to the sum they and each of them (fiafl severally subscrib'e and pay thereunto $ and all and every of the said shares shall be deemed to be personal effate, and trans mined as such, and riot of the riiture of real property; and all and every pet fori or persons, their several and respective executor or exedritots, administratorsarid assigns, who shall severally the sum of fifty pounds ftetling; or such sum or sums

852 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 106. [1786.

as shall be demanded in part thereof, towards establishing and carrying into! execution the undertakings of the said society, shalrbe Quitted to and receive the entire and neat distribution of the prdflts and advantages which shall or may arise or accrue by virtue' of the said sum and sums of money to be raised, recovered, and received by the authority of this act, and foin proportion for any greater number of shares, not exceeding ten ihares as aforesaid, and every person or persons having such property of one share of the said undertaking, and foin proportion as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable ifum of money towards Carrying on the said undertaking, in manner herein after enacted, directed, and appointed, such sum or sums not exceeding such share or shares, as any person or persons shall have subscribed to the capital stock of the society.

V - Arid to the end that all matters and things touching or relating to the establishing and carrying on the said society, may be managed and tondtified in the most beneficial manner; be it further enacted

Votes secord by the authority aforesaid, That every person who shall have subscribed for one share of the joint stock, his or her respective executors administrators, and assigns, in every or any public meeting assembly to be held as herein after directed for carrying on the business of the said society, shall have liberty, by him or her, or by his or her proxy, under his or her hand, to give for one'or two shares, one vote, and no more; for three or four shares, two votes, and no more; for five, six, or seven shares, three votes, and no more; for eight or nine shares, four votes, and no more; for ten shares, five votes, and no more; and whatever question of election, or other question whatsoever, shall be proposed, discussed, or considered, in any public assembly or meeting to be held under and by virtue of this af, shall be finally determined by the majority of votes then present in person dr by proxy, qualified as aforesaid.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, in case itfore persons than one shall incline to hold in their joint nalmes one or more shares of the said joint stock, one only of such persons shall be entitled to vote when present, according to the priority of their names in the original subscription, or they may in the absence of the whole give their vote or votes by proxy, as herein before mentioned, to be appointed by a majority of the said joint subscribers under their hands; and that all bodies politic and corproate, who shall be proprietors of any share or shares in the said joint stock, shall be entitled in like manner to vote by proxy, duly constituted under their corporate seal.

Shared held by

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no,

Prox person shall be capable of acting as proxy, unless he be a proprietor, and that no one proprietor shall hold more than five votes by proxy.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Subscriptions That a book or books for subscriptions shall be provided within 1 entered northeast month after the tenth day of July, One thousand seven hun ln a book dred and eighty six; in which bpok or books 4he&id joint stock

(half

lag to Ibares.

Shares held by more than one person.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 10&, 853

shall be subscribed by the members of the said society, and that none of the said members shall subscribe more than the sum of five hundred pounds sterling in his, her, or their names; and that all and every the proprietors of the sums so subscribed shall pay his, her, or their shares and proportions of the moneys subscribed, at such times and places as shall be appointed for the receipt of such sums of money as shall from time to time be ordered to be paid in pursuance of any call or calls to be made, in manner to be regulated by the bylaws of the society, of which several calls two calendar months notice at the lead shall be given, by publishing the same in the London Gazette, by the direction of a general meeting of the said proprietors; and if any person or persons shall wilfully neglect dr refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable and proportionable part or share, parts or shares, of such moneys so to be called for as aforesaid, within not less than two calendar months after the time appointed for the payment thereof; and after personal notice given to him or her, or notice in writing left at his or her usual or lad place of abode, then he, she, or they, so neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit a sum amounting to ten pounds per centum, on his, her, or their respective share or shares in the capital dock of the said society.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whenever any proprietor shall have incurred the penalty If penaltiea aforesaid of ten pounds per centum on such share or shares as he are not Paid or (he may be possessed of in the capital dock of the said society, and calia an for nonpayment in due time as aforesaid of his or her rateable lwere9proportion of money so called for as aforesaid, and such forfeiture shall have been declared at some general meeting of the proprietors, it shall and may be lawful at the same, or at any subsequent general meeting, for any ten or more of the proprietors then present, to order and direct a further notice to be given to such proprietor; and in case he or she shall not within two months after such notice served personally, or left at his or her most usual or lad place of abode, payor cause to be paid all such sum or sums of money as shall be then due and owing upon any call or calls as aforesaid, and for nonpayment of which such former forfeiture shall have been incurred; and shall not also pay or cause to be paid an additional sum of ten pounds per centum on such share or shares as such proprietor shall have subscribed towards the capital dock of the said society, then such defaulter to proprietor, in case the nonpayment of such sum or sums of mo 5prfeit ney shall have been declared at some general meeting of the said C proprietors, shall forfeit all his intered, share and property in the capital dock of the said society, together with all such sums as shall have been paid in, or shall be then due and owin^ from any call or calls as aforesaid, which lad mentioned sum or sums due, and.owing from any call or calls as aforesaid, and the respective penalties of ten pounds per centum, ' and ten pounds per centum herein before mentioned, shall and may be recovered by: action of debt ia any of his majesty'a courts of record at _ V'Westminster

completed, executors may do it.

s54. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 106. [1786.

Westminster, or by suit in the court of session in Scotland reflectively: provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said proprietors, at any general meeting to be held after stich forfeiture shall have been incurred, to postpone, mitigate, or remit the same.

On the death X Provided always, ^and be it further enacted, That if the of proprietors proprietor of any share in the said undertaking shall die before before share payment shall have been made of the full sum to be advanced on each share which he or she shall have been possessed of or entitled to, without having made provision, by will or otherwise, for the payment of the same, then and in such case the executors and administrators of such proprietor, and the trustee or trustees, guardian or guardians, of any infant or other person entitled to the estate or effects of such proprietor, shall be indemnified against such infant, and all other persons whomsoever, for paying any sum or sums of money, when called for as aforesaid, to complete every such subscription; and if such deceased proprietor shall not nave left effects sufficieilt, of in Case any such executor or administrator, trustee or guardian, shall fefufe or neglect to answer such calls and payments, the said society shall be and are hereby empowered, authorised, and required to admit any other person or persons to be proprietor or proprietors of the share or shares of such deceased proprietor, on condition that he, she, or they, so admitted, do and shall, on of before such admission, 'pay to the executors or administrators of such deceased proprietor, or the trustee or trustees, guardian 61 guardians of any infant, or others entitled to his or her effects, the full money which shall have been paid by such deceased proprietor in his or her life time, by virtue of any call or calls, or otherwise, upon such share or shares, dr so much money as the same can be sold for.

Shares may be

XI. And be it further erfiisted, That it shall be lawful for disposed of any of the said proprietors to sell or dispose of any share or shares he, she, or they shall and may be entitled so therein, in manner and subject to the rules and conditions herein mentioned; and for that purpose duplicates of the deed of bargain and fate, at transfer of such share or shares, shall be executed by every vendor and vendee, and one part rhereof, so executed, shall be delivered to the secretary of the said society, to be filed and kepi for the use of the said society, and an entry thereof shall be made in a book or books to be kept by the said secretary for that purpose; and the said secretary, or his deputy, is hereby required to make such entry accordingly; and until the duplicate of fucfe deed or transfer shall be so delivered to the said secretary, nr to his deputy, such purchaser or purchasers shall have no part or share of the profits of the said underlakingr; norany interdft: paid him, her, or them, for and in respect: of such share or shares so purchased, nor be entitled to vote as a proprietor or proprietors After a call of the said joint (lock: provided always, That after any call of no share to be such moneys shall be made by a general meeting, no person of sold till the persons bodies corporate or collegiate, shall sell or transfer any

money paid.

share

855

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. C

share which he, she, or they, shall then have in the said joint stock, until the moneys called for upon His, her, or their share or shares, so to be sold, (half be paid $ and every person making default herein shall forfeit his, her, or their share or shares in the said joint stock to the said society, for the benefit of the rest of the said proprietors, unless the person or ersons who shall be vendor or vendors, shall, at the time of such sale or transfer, pay the money called for upon every share so sold or transferred, into the bank of England, bank of Scotland, or royal bank of Scotland), such forfeiture having been first notified and declared at a general meeting, in manner above directed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every transfer of the said shares shall be in the form, or to the purport and effect following:

I A.B. in confederation of paid to me Form of the

by C D. do hereby bargain, fell, and transfer to the said CD transfer. his or her executors, administrators, anda/jigns,

hare or hares, [as the cate may be] in the joint fociof thefociety for extending the fisheries, and improving the sea coast of this ling dom^fabjeft to the same rules and orders, and on the same conditions, that held the same immediately before the execution hereof .* and I the said C D, do hereby agree to accept of the said bare or hares] subject to the same rules, orders, and conditions:

'Witness our hands, the   of

in the year of our Lord

XIII. And, for the better ordering, managing, and governing the affairs of the said society, and for ejlabushing a continual succession of persons to be dire ft or s of the same, belt enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be (of the members of the said so Governor, de ciety holding one full share in the joint (lock of the same re Puty southeast; speshvely) a governor deputy governor, and fifteen directors, dl

of whom the said governor and deputy governor shall always be two, of and in the said society, which directors, or any seven or more of them, shall be, and be calied, A Court of Directors for the ordering managing, and directing the affairs of the said society.

XIV. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the members of the said society shall, on or before the How to be tenth day of August, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, chosen. proceed to the election of a governor deputy governor, and thirteen members of the said society, as aforesaid, to be their directors as aforesaid, in manner following 5 that is to say, That each and every member of the said society shall, on or before the said tenth day of August, deliver in, br transmit to the (Secretary of the said society a list in writing, subscribed with his or her name, and subjoining the number of shares which he or she holds in the joint stock of the said fopety, containing the names of such members as heorfhe votes for to be governor, and deputy governor, respectivcfy > and also of thirteen other mem

856 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 106.

[178&

bers qualified as aforesaid, whom he or she shall vote for to be directors of the said society; and that all and every such list whkh shall contain a, greater or Jess number than fifteen names aforesaid, shall berejedted and of noeflfedt; and that the thirteen members, whose pames shall be inserted in the greater number of such lists, as aforesaid, shall be the directors of the said society; that such persons whose names shall be contained in the greater number of such lists for filling the offices of go vernpr,: and deputy governor, shall be governor and deputy governor of the said fqejiety: provided that if it shall So happen that any two or more psr/pos named in such lists as aforesaid shall have 'an, equal nupiber of votes, the names of such two or more persons shall be placed in a box, and drawn out by the secretary of the said society; and the person whose name shall be drawn out shall be a governor, deputy governor, or director of t he said society, as the case may happen; and the secretary (half in like manner draw out fycceflively. a sufficient number of names to complete the number of thirteen directors, who shall be directors accordingly.

V XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, To continue That the governor, deputy governor, and directors, so ikft to March aj, chosenas aforesaid, serve and continue in their respectjvp*bfficfs. until the twenty: fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty^(even; and that a pew election of a go^r yernor, deputy governpr^rid thirteen directors, shall he ihm niade Tn manlier aforesaid; and on the twenty-fifth da of March in each and fevery succeeding year, ajrke election t(ha0 be made, unless the same shall happen on a Sunday, and then on the Monday, following; and that such governor, deputy governor, tand directors, shall serve and continue, in their respeo? tive qfik^ whole year next ensuing their respective elec?

tiens.

Their powers. X VI enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the

(aitf^y|n^r, deputy governor, and directors, or the ifcajo* ^rlojfi^etn, shall and may, from time, to time, assemble and meef toother at any convenient place or places within the cities of London or Westminster, and then and there hold courts of directors, and shall at such courts have power and authority to order and direct all the affairs and bufiriefs of the said society subject to the bylaws and directions of all general meetings of the said society, and shall have power to name committees of themselves, and to appoint all subordinate officers.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid Governor, C That every governor, deputy governor, and director of the said to be sworn. society, so to be elected as aforesaid, before they be admitted to the execution of their respective offices or places of governor, deputy governor, or director, shall take the following oath before any two or more of the said proprietors, who are hereby empowered to administer the same:

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 106. 857

f the British focietyfor extending the fisheries and improving the fed wafts of this kingdom, truly and faithfully, to the best'of my judgement and understanding

So help me GOD.

jxviii. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Auditors out of the said proprietors holding one full share respectively, chosen there shall be chosen and appointed in like manner, and at the like times, five persons, (not being governor or deputy governor, or director or other officer) to examine and audit the accounts of the said society once in every year, and to prepare and lay before the general meeting, the accounts of the said society in a clear, accurate, and distinct manner, one copy of which shall be reserved in the office for the inspection of any proprietor who shalldefire to see the same.

XIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That General there shall be held one general meeting of the said proprietors meetings how on the twenty-fifth day of March in each and every year and to be ca d' if the same shall happen on a Sunday, then on the Monday fol

V lowing at noon, in the cities of London or Westminster, and that if at any time it shall appear to any nine or more proprietors, that for the more effeduarlly putting this act in execution, an occasional general meeting of proprietors shall be necessary to be held, the governor, deputy governor, or any three or more of the said directors, on request made in Writing by such nine proprietors to the said governor, deputy governor, or directors,

shall cause notice to be given thereof in the London Gazette, and in such other manner as the said proprietors, their successors or assigns, shall at any general meeting direct or appoint, declaring in such notice the place where, and the time when, such meeting is to be held, the same to be held within one calendar month from and after such notice given, and likewise specifying in every such notice the reason for and intention of such meetings respectively; and the proprietors are hereby authorised to meet pursuant to such notice, and proceed to the execution of the powers by this act given them; and every of the proprietors, or the major part of them, at such meetings assembled,

shall be as valicf to all intents and purposes as if the same had been done at an annual general meeting held in manner herein before directed. Provided always, That at all general and ordinary meetings the governor, or in case of his absence the deputy governor, or in case of the absence of both, a chairman, who shall be then and there chosen, shall, in case of an equality f voices, have a calling vote; and that all general meetings, qrdinary or extraordinary, assembled as before directed, shall have the power of adjourning themselves to such time as they shall deem necessary.

XX. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case the governor, deputy governor, or any of Directors, dy the directors for the time being shall happen to die, or ren others his office before the expiration of the said year for which he or to be chosen

they

s58

bylaws how made and altered.

No transfer of stock for three years.

Money to be placed in the bank of Scotland, or royal bank of Scotland.

Amio viceftffiojhrto gsqkgii IL C f 178&

they shall be so elected, that then and from thenceforth it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governor or deputy governor, or any three of the said directors, if they see fit, to summon and call together a general meeting of the proprietors aforesaid, and then and there to choose into the place or places of him or them so dying or resigning, one or more other fit person or persons, as the case may happen, to fill up such vacancy or vacancies, and the person or persons so chosen shall continue in their respective offices or places during the remainder of such year, or until the next election of governor, deputy governor, and directors as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said proprietors, their successors and assigns for the time being, shall have power and authority at a general meeting to be called for that special purpose, or by adjournment of the annual general meeting, in case fifteen or more proprietors present at such general meeting, by themselves or proxy, be possessed of one hundred shares at lead, but not otherwise, to make such rules, bylaws, and constitutions, for the government of the said society, and for the good and orderly carrying on the business of the said society 5 and also for the well governing of the officers, servants, workmen, and others, who shall be employed in and about the business, and carrying on of the said society, or any part thereof, as to them shall seem meet; which said rules, bylaws, and orders, being reduced into writing, under the common seal of the said society, shall be binding upon, and observed by all parties; and shall be sufficient, hi any court of law or equity, to justify all persons who shall act under the same, provided the same are not repugnant to the laws of the realm: provided always, That the said rules, byelaws, and constitutions, shall not be binding, unless they be confirmed by the next general meeting after they are voted, and shall not be subject to any alteration in the same year wherein they have been made.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no transfer, other than by gift or bequest, shall be made of any of the said stock, or share of or in the said joint stock, for the space of three years from the tenth of rfugust, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, but that the same shall be absolutely void to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

XXIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the cash of the said society shall be lodged either in the bank of England, bank of Scotland or royal bank of Scotland and that no governor, deputy governor, or diredior, nor any proprietor of any share or shares of the society 's join t stock, nor any agent? secretary, clerk, Servant, or person employed by the said society, shall in any case retain any sum or sums of money, which (hap have been placed in his, her, or their hands for the use of the said society, beyond the space of thirty days next after the receipt of the same, on any account whatsoever, but that every such person or persons shall, within the time aforesaid, pay or cause

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 106. 859

to be paid all and every such sum or sums of money into one of the banks aforesaid; and that payments of all such sums as shall be issued by the said society, shall be made by drafts under the hands of the governor, or deputy governor, countersigned by the secretary or his deputy, and two or more directors, on the said banks, to such person or persons, or to their order, as shall have performed any work for, or other wise have any demand upon, the said society.

XXIV. And whereas it may happen that same person or persons y bodies politic, corporate or collegiate, or trustees, or others, vbo are seized of or entitled to lands and tenements which may be, necessary to be purchased for the purposes of this aftr may be willing to treat and agree to sell such lands and tenements, in order to perfect so useful and necessary an undertaking, but are incapable of granting and conveying the same by reason of infancy; or other disability by tailzies, or otherwise

; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Purchase most shall and may be lawful to and for au bodies politic, corpo to same ^, rate or collegiate, trustees, tutors or curators for infants or mi ufe8# nors, idiots or furious persons, or other persons for whom they are trustees, and for all and every other person or persons whomsoever who are or shall be seized, possessed of, of interested in any lands and tenements which the said society shall judge necessary for the purposes aforesaid, whether by titles held in see Ample or tailzied, to sell and convey to the said society, or their successors, or to such other person or persons as they shall appoint, all or any such lands and tenements, or any part thereof, for the purposes aforesaid; that all contrails, 1 greements, sales, or other conveyances that shall be so made,

shall be valid to all intents and purposes, any law, Statute, usage, or any other matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and that all trustees tutors, or curators, corporations, proprietors, or incumbrancers, subject to tailzies, and all other persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of, or in pursuance of this a r provided that where lands and tenements under entail are purchased for the purposes aforesaid, the price of the premises shall, by authority of the court of session, be laid out upon land, or other heritable security, and the rights and securities devised and taken to the same series of heirs as are contained in the original title deeds of the subjects under entail, purchased for the use aforesaid

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the book or books in which the accounts relating to the Books to be said society shall be dated and settled, and all other matters and to the things relating the reunto, shall be deposited under the care and ^spe&?on of custody of such person or persons as the said directors shall from the proprie time to time appoint at the office of the said society; and every tors, proprietor at all reasonable times, shall have free access to such book or books, for his, her, or their inspection.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or perfom shall forgs or counterfeit; the seal Counterfeit

of ing the seal.

86o Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. [1786.

of the society, or any deed or writing under the common seal, or shall demand any money in purfdance of any such forged Orf counterfeited deed or writing, either from the society or any members or servants thereof, knowing such writing to be forged; with intent to defraud the said focrety, or any other persons whomsoever, every person so offending, and being convicted thereof, in due form of law, shall be judged guilty of felony, 'and shall be transported in manner as by law directed, for a term not exceeding seven years

Limitation of

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any atftion, suit, actions. or information shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for anything done in pursuance of this act, the same shall be brought or commenced within six calendar months next after the fal committed, or in case there shall be as continuation of damage, then within six calendar months next after the doing or committing such damage shall cease, and not afterwards 5 and the defendant or defendants in such action, suit. General issue. or information, shall and may plead the general issue, and give this a, and the special matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear to have bfeen To done, or if any action, suit, or information, shall be brought after the time so limited for bringing in the same, then, and in such case, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants, or the court of session in Scotland shall dismiss the said suit; if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, pursuer or pursuers, shall become nonsuit, or suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action, suit, or information, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if a verdict or judgement of the court of feffiot) in scot land shall pass against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, pursuer or pursuers, or if, upon demurring or otherwise, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defend treble costs. ants, shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit in any other cases by law.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore u lick act. said. That this act (half be deemed and taken to be a public at 5 and all judges, justices, and other persons are hereby required to take notice of it as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. CVII.

An act for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS a respect able military force, under the command of officers possessing landed property within Great Britain, is effiential to the constitution of this realm; and the militia now by law established has been found capable of fulfilling the purposes of its in" pitution 3 and through its constant readiness on floort notice, for effectual

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. 861

dual service has been of the utmost importance to the internal defence of this kingdom of Great Britain: find whereas the laws now in being relating to the militia are inconveniently numerous; and the several powers and provisons necessary for raising, training, and regulating the militia, would be more eastly executed, if the same were comprised in one act of parliament: be it therefore enacted by the king's mott excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That his Majesty may and (ha 11, from time to time, Tfae eu constitute and appoint lieutenants for the counties, ridings, and co^ntie ap places herein after mentioned; and the several lieutenants soap pointed by P pointed, shall have full power and authority., and are hereby re his Majesty, quired to call together, arm, array, and cause to be trained and to call out the exercised, such persons, and in such manner as is herein after app^nt* directed, once in every year; and the said lieutenants severally deputies, of shall, from time to time, constitute and appoint such persons as iicers, etc they hall think fit, being qualified as herein after is directed, and living within their respective counties, ridings, and places, to be their deputy lieutenants, (the names of such persons having been first presented to and approved by his Majesty), and hall also appoint a proper number of colonels, lieutenant colonels, majors; and other officers, qualified as herein after directed, to train, discipline, and command the persons so to be armed and arrayed, according to the rules, orders, and directions herein after mentioned, and shall certify to his Majesty the names and ranks of all such officers so appointed; and in case his Majesty hall, within fourteen days after such certificate shall have been laid before him, signify his disapprobation of any of the persons so appointed, it hall not be lawful for the said lieutenants to grant & commission to any person so disapproved, but commissions shall be granted to all such persons so appointed, who shall not be disapproved by his Majesty; and the officers so of appointed for the militia, to be armed and arrayed as herein cers* after direcfed, shall rank with the officers of such of his majesty's forces as are liable to serve out of Great Britain, as youngest of their rank.

II. And be it further enacted, That when the lieutenant of j^tenants3^ any county, riding, or place, shall be out of the kingdom of Jauyean^ 3 Great Britain, or when there shall be no lieutenant, it shall be when the lawful for his Majesty to authorise any three deputy lieutenants lieutenant

of such county, riding, or place, to grant commissions to officers^to serve in the militia for such county, riding, or place, upon any vacancy that hall then happen, in such manner as such lieutenant could do, and to do all other acts, matters, and things, which might lawfully have been done by the said lieutenant, and the same shall be good and valid in the law as if done by the said lieutenant himself.

III. And be it further enacted, That no commission of any Commissiotis

deputy lieutenant, nor any commission of any officer in the re

militia, already granted, or to be granted by any lieutenant or 0jthe

vol, XXXV L 11 deputy grantor.

County lieutenant to have the chief command of the militia of his county, and to appoint 20 deputies.

Qualification of deputy lieutenants and officers in England in general.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107# [ 1.78-6.

deputy lieutenants, shall be vacated by reason of the revocation, expiration, or discontinuance of the commission by which any such lieutenant or deputy lieutenants as aforesaid was of were

IV. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant of every county, riding, or place, shall have the chief command of the militia within the county, riding, or place to which he Is appointed, and that twenty deputy lieutenants at the least shall be appointed within every county, riding, and place, if so many can be found qualified as herein after directed $ but if such number of persons, so qualified, cannot be found within any such county, riding, or place, then as many persons, so qualified, as can be found within such county, riding, or place, shall be appointed to be deputy lieutenants for the purposes of this act.

V. And be it further enacted, That all persons to be appointed deputy lieutenants, or officers of the militia, in pursuance of this act (except within the counties of Cumberland, Huntingdon, Monmouth and Westmorland, the fie of Ely in the county of Cambridge, the several counties and places within the dominion of Wales, and such cities and towns as are counties within themselves) shall be qualified as follows; (that is to say) every person so to be appointed a deputy lieutenant shall be seized or possessed, either in law or equity, for his own use and benefit, in possession, of a freehold, copyhold, or customary estate for life, or for the life of his wife, (he having a freehold, copyhold, or customary estate for her life, or for some greater estate, or of an estate for some long term of years, determinable on one or more life or lives, in manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in England, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds, or shall be heir apparent of some person who shall in like manner be seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid of the yearly value of four hundred pounds: and every person so to be appointed a colonel shall in like manner be seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one thousand pounds, or shall be heir apparent of some person who shall in like manned be seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of two thousand pounds: and every person so to be appointed a lieutenant colonel shall in like manner be seized of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of six hundred pounds, or shall be heir apparent of some person who, shall in like manner be seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one thousand two hundred pounds: and every person so to be appointed a major, ora captain, shall in like manner be seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds, or shall be heir apparent of some person who shall in like manner be seized or possessed o a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of four hundrec poqnds* or shall be a younger son of some person who shall be or at the time of his death was, in like manner seized or poflef

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. i07. 6$

fed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of six hundred, pounds: and every person so to be appointed lieutenant (ha 11 in like manner be seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of fifty pounds, or shall be possessed of a'personal estate alone, to the amount of one thousand pounds, yor seized or possessed of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of two thousand pounds, or shall be son of some person who shall be, or at the time of his death was, in like manner seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one hundred pounds, or who shall be, or who at the time of his death was, possessed of a personal estate alone, to the amount of two thousand pounds, or seized or possessed of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of three thousand pounds: and that every person so to be appointed ari ensign shall in like manner be seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of twenty pounds, or shall be possessed of a personal estate alone, to the amount of five hundred pounds, or seized or possessed of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of one thousand pounds, or shall be son of some person who shall be, or at the time of his death was, in like manner seized or possessed of alike estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of fifty pounds, or who shall be, or who at the time of his death was, possessed of a personal estate alone, to the amount of one thousand pounds, or seized or possessed of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of one thousand five hundred pounds, of which said estates required as qualifications for deputy lieutenants, colonels, lieutenant colonels, majors, and captains respectively, one moiety shall be situate or arising within the respective counties, ridings, or divisions, in which they shall be appointed to serve.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the estates requisite for Qualification the qualification of the deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia within the counties of Cumberland, Huntingdon, Mon and officers in mouthy Westmorlani, and Rutland, and within every county and Cumberland, place in the dominion of Wales, shall be as follows; (that is to C say), A deputy lieutenant shall in like manner be seized or possessed of, a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one hundred and fifty pounds, or shall be heir apparent to a person who shall in like manner be seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds: a colonel shall be in like manner seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of six hundred pounds, or shall be heir apparent of a person who shall in like manner be seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one thousand two hundred pounds: a lieutenant colonel, or major commandant, shall in like manner be seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of four hundred pounds, or shall be heir apparent of a person who shall in like manner be seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of eight hundred pounds: a major, or captain, shall in like aanner be seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the

Qualification of deputy lieutenants and officers for Ely.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. [1786.

yearly value of one hundred and fifty pounds, or shall be son of a person who shall be, or at the time of his death was, in like manner, seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds: a lieutenant shall in like manner be seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of thirty pounds, or shall be possessed of a personal estate alone, to the amount of six hundred pounds, or seized or possessed of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of one thousand two hundred pounds, or shall be the son of a person who shall be, or, at the time of his death was, in like manner, seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of sixty pounds, or who shall be, or at the time of his death was, possessed of a personal estate alone, to the amount of one thousand two hundred pounds, or seized or possessed of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of two thousand four hundred pounds: an ensign shall be in like manner seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of twenty pounds, or shall be possessed of a personal estate alone, to the amount of three hundred pounds, or seized or possessed of real and personal estate together to the amount or value of six hundred pounds, or shall be the son of a person who shall be, or at the time of his death was, in like manner, seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of thirty pounds, or who shall be, or at the time of his'death*was, possessed of a personal estate alone, to the amount of six hundred pounds, or seized or possessed of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of one thousand two hundred pounds: of all which respective estates (except those for the qualifications of lieutenants and ensigns), one moiety shall be situate or arising within the respective counties or divisions in which such officers shall be respectively appointed to serve.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the estates requisite. for the qualification of the deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia in \\xtljle of Ely, shall be as follows: a deputy lieutenant shall be in like manner seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one hundred and fifty pounds, or shall be heir apparent of some person who shall be in like manner seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds: a captain shall be in like manner seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid of the yearly value of one hundred pounds, or shall be heir apparent of a person who shall be in like manner seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of two hundred pounds, or shall be a younger son of some person who shall be, or at the time of his death was, in like manner seized or possessed of 3 like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds a lieutenant shall be in like manner seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of thirty pounds, or shall be possessed of a personal estate to the amount of six hundret pounds, or shall be son of fgme person who shall be, or at the

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. s65

time of his death was, in like manner seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of sixty pounds, or who shall be, or at the time of his death was, possessed of a personal estate to the amount of one thousand two hundred pounds: an ensign shall be in like manner seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of twenty pounds, or shall be possessed of a personal estate to the amount of three hundred pounds, or shall be the son of some person who shall be, or at the time of his death was, in like manner seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly Value of thirty pounds, or who shall be, or at the time of his death was, possessed of a personal estate to the amount of six hundred pounds: of all which estates (except those for the qualifications of lieutenants anden signs) one moiety shall be situate or arising within the said isle of Ely, or some other part of the county of Cambridge.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cities and towns Regulations which are counties within themselves, and have heretofore been with regard to empowered by law or ancient usage to raise and train a separate counties militia within their several precincts and liberties, and which within them are united with, and made part of any county or counties, for selves. the purposes of raising the militia only, the lieutenant of every such city or town, or, where there is no lieutenant appointed, then the chief magistrate of such city or townhall appoint the deputy lieutenants within such city or town, and shall also appoint officers of the militia, whose number and rank shall be proportionable to the number of militia men which such city or townhall raise as their quota towards the militia of the county to which such city or town is united for the purposes aforesaid; and all powers and provisions made by this at, with respect to counties at large, and the militia thereof, and the registering herein after directed of the qualifications of deputy lieutenants and officers, shall take place and be in force, with respect to the said cities and towns, and the militia thereof, and the registering of the said qualifications; and the value of the respective qualifications of the deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia of such cities and towns shall be as follows; every deputy lieutenant shall in like manner be seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one hundred and fifty pounds, or shall be possessed of a personal estate alone, or seized or possessed of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of three thousand pounds: and every field officer shall respectively be in like manner seized or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of three hundred pounds, or shall be possessed of a personal estate alone, or seized or possessed of real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of five thousand pounds: and the qualification of a captain shall be a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of one hundred and fifty pounds, in manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or personal estate alone, or real and personal estate together, to the amount or value of two thousand five hundred pounds: and tjhe qualification of a lieutenant shall be a like

Leases on

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. [1786.

estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of thirty pounds in manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or personal estate alone, to the amount or value of seven hundred and 'fifty pounds: and the qualification of an ensign shall be a like estate as aforesaid, of the yearly value of twenty pounds, in manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or personal estate alone, to the amount or value of four hundred pounds: of all which real estates respectively (except those for the qualification of lieutenants and ensigns) one moiety, shall be situate or arising within such city or town, or within the county to which such city or town is united for the purposes aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the

jiypn pr AAI J*

perann to be immediate reversion or remainder of and in manors, messuages, deemed equal lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which are leased for one life, to a qualifica or for two or three lives, or for any term of years determinable before f^ci*1" upon le eat f one life, or f two or three lives on reserved fiecteof 100u rents anc which are to the lessee or lessees of the clear yearly per ann. and value of three hundred pounds, shall be deemed equal to an effo proportion tate herein before required as a qualification of the yearly value of one hundred pounds, and foin proportion to the several other qualifications required by this act.

X. And be it further enacted, That a person possessed, either in law or equity, for his own use and benefit, in possession, of an estate for a certain term originally granted for twenty years or more, of an annual value (over and above all rents and charges payable out of or in respect of the same) equal to the value of such an estate as is required for the qualification of a

qualifications, deputy lieutenant and commissioned officer of the militia respectto be deemed lively, and fittfate as aforesaid, shall be, and is hereby deemed qualifications. ark declared to be, sufficiently qualified to at in the execution of this at.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no person shall hereafter be appointed to be deputy lieutenant of any county, riding, or place, or be appointed to a higher rank in the militia than that of lieutenant, until he shall have delivered in to the clerk of the

Estates granted for 20 years, of an annual value equal to the value of the estates herein required for

No commission superior to a lieutenant to be granted till

tien^sddiver pace the county, riding, or place, for which he shall be aped

in

pointed. Or (in the absence of the clerk of the peace) to his deputy, a specific description in writings signed by himself, of his qualification, dating the parish or parishes in which the estate or estates which form his qualification is or are situate; and the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, shall transmit to the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, a copy of such description; and no commission granted after the passing of this act, for a higher rank in the militia than that of lieutenant, shall be valid, unless it be declared in the commission, that the officer to whom the commission is given, hath delivered in his qualification as above directed.

already grant

XII. And be it further enacted, That every deputy lieutenant ed to be void and every officer now holding a commission as colonel, lieute unlef8 quali nant colonel, major, or captain in the militia, who hath not ficationaare transmitted

Commissions

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. 867

transmitted a specific description as before directed, of his qua delivered in lifieation for holding such commissidii, to the clerk of the peace bear Jaa* as aforesaid, shall, within six months from and after the first day 17 7* of July, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, transmit such specific description of his qualification for holding such commission to the clerk of the peace as aforesaid, xand the clerk of the peaces or his deputy, shall forthwith transmit a true copy thereof to the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, or to the deputy lieutenants, who shall be authorised according to the directions of this act to execute the office of lieutenant 3 and in case any such officer shall not transmit such specific description of his qualification as aforesaid to the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, within the time before limited for that purpose, his deputation or commission shall be void, and he shall be incapable of being a deputy lieutenant, or of serving as an officer in the militia again in the same or any higher rank.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the clerk of the peace Qualifications of every county, riding, and place, shall, and he is hereby rec be inquired to enter the qualifications transmitted to him according qa^ett^and to the directions of this act upon a roll, to be provided and kept ijfta to be an for that purpose, and to cause to be inserted in the London Ga nually laid, by zette the dates of the commissions, and names and rank of the the secretary officers, together with the names of the officers in whose room they are appointed, in like manner as commissions in the army menu^are published from the war office, and he is hereby authorised to charge the expense of such insertion in the Gazette for each commission, to the treasurer of the county, riding, or place, who is hereby directed to pay the same; and the said clerk of the peace, or his deputy, shall, in the month of January in every year, transmit to one of his majesty's principal secretaries of it ate a complete account of the qualifications so left with him, and the secretary of (late receiving such accounts shall cause copies thereof to be annually laid before both houses of parliament; and every deputy lieutenant and commissioned officer not hav Deputy netting already taken and subscribed the oaths, and made, repeated, tenaijts, C and subscribed the declaration as required by this act, shall, at oaths within some general quarter session of the peace, or in one of his Ma six months jesty's courts of record at Westminster, within six months after after ap he shall have accepted his commission, take the oaths appointed pointment. to be taken by an act passed in the first year of the reign of his majesty King George the First, intituled An act for the further fe curiiy of his Majesty's p erf on and government, and the succession of the crown in the heirs of the late princess Sophia, being protestants, and for extinguishing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and Jeer et abettors; and also by an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for altering the oath of abjuration, and the assurance, and for amending so much of an act of the seventh year of her late majesty ghieen Anne, intituled An act for the improvement of the union of the two kingdoms, as after the time therein limited requires the delivery of certain lists and copies therein mentioned topersons indicted of high

868

Penalty on persons a ing, who are unqualified, or who have not delivered in their qualifications

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. [1786.

treason, or misprifidn of treason; and shall alfd make, repeat, and subscribe the declaration in the said at of the first year of King George the First directed to be made, repeated, and subscribed, by all officers civil and military.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall execute any of the powers hereby directed to be executed by deputy lieutenants, colonels, lieutenant colonels, or majors, not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such specific description of his qualification as is herein before required, every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds; and if any person shall execute any of the powers hereby directed to be executed by captains, not being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such specific description of his qualification as is herein before required, every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds; one moiety whereof shall go to the use of the person who shall sue for the same; and in every action, suit, orjnfor mation, brought against any person for acsting as deputy lieutenant, colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, or captain, not being qualified as herein before directed, the proof of his qualification^shall lie upon the person against whom the same is brought: Peers or their provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall restrain ren^mav actor Prevent any Peer f this realm, or heir apparent of any such though not*peer, from being appointed, or acting as a deputy lieutenant, possessed of or a commissioned officer in the militia, within the county, qualifications, riding, or place wherein such peer, or heir apparent of such peer, shall have some place of residence, although he may not have the qualification herein before required; or to oblige any peer of this realm, or heir apparent of such peer, who shall be appointed a deputy lieutenant or commissioned officer as aforesaid, to leave with the clerk of the peace for the county, riding, or place for which he shall be appointed, any qualification in writing as aforesaid.

rfoscer8who lt: further enacted, That the lieutenant of'any

have served  county, riding, or place, together with any three or more de five years puty lieutenants, and on the death or removal, or in the absence may^whenthe of any such lieutenant, any five or more deputy lieutenants, ^bodiednbe at enc evei7 ^ve yeafs, at their annual meetings to' <dismissed and Golden as herein after is directed, in case the militia of such county, riding, or place, shall not be then embodied, discharge some one field officer of each regiment or battalion, and such a number of officers of each inferior rank, in each regiment, battalion, and independent company, as shall be equal to the number of persons who shall have given notice in writing to the lieutenant of such county, riding, or place, one month at thd lead before such meeting, that they are willing to serve as field officers, captains, lieutenants, or ensigns, as the case may require: provided always, That the number of vacancies to be made by discharging such officers shall not exceed one third of such officers who shall have served for the space of five years in each rank respectively: provided also, That nothing herein contained

others appointed.

Inferior officers when

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. 869

tained shall prevent any officer serving, or who has served in qualified, may the militia in an inferior rank, from offering himself to serve in hlfiher a higher rank, if he be qualified to serve in such higher rank.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant of every County lieu county, riding, and place, shall from time to time appoint a tenants, and clerk of the general meetings to be held as herein after di appointclss redted, and may displace such clerk if he shall think fit, and ap for their point another in his room; and the deputy lieutenants within meetings, their respective subdivisions, or the major part of those present

at any subdivision meeting, shall also, from time to time, appoint a clerk for their subdivisions, and may displace such clerk if they, or the major part of them, shall think fit, and appoint another in his room.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the number of pri Numbers of vate men to be raised by virtue of this act shall be as follows 5

(that is to say;,) respectively.

For the county of Bedford, four hundred.

For the county of Berks, five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Bucks, five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Cambridge, four hundred and eighty.

For the county of Chester, with the city and county of the city of Chester five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Cornwall, six hundred and forty.

For the county of Cumberland, three hundred and twenty.

For the county of Derby, five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Devon, with the city and county of the city / of Exeter one thousand six hundred.

For the county of Dorset, with the town and county of the town of Pool) six hundred and forty.

For the county of Durham, four hundred.

For the county of Essex, nine hundred and sixty.

For the county of gloucester, with the city and county of the city of gloucester, and the city and county of the city of Bristol, nine hundred and sixty.

For the county of Hereford, four hundred and eighty.

For the county of Hertford, five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Huntingdon, three hundred and twenty.

For the county of Kent, with the city and county of the city of Canterbury, nine hundred and sixty.

For the county of Lancaster, eight hundred.

For the county of Leicester, five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Lincoln, with the city and county of the city of Lincoln, one thousand two hundred.

For the county of Middlesex, (exclusive of the tower division, commonly called The Tower Hamletj), one thousand six hundred.

For the county of Monmouth, two hundred and forty.

For the county of Norfolk, with the city and county of the city of Norwich, nine hundred and sixty.

For the county of Northampton, six hundred and forty;

870 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. [1786.

For the county of Northumberland, with the town and county of the town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Nottingham; with the town and county of the town of Nottingham, four hundred and eighty.

For the county of Oxford, five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Rutland, one hundred and twenty.

For the county of Salop  six hundred and forty.

For the county of Somerset, eight hundred and forty.

For the county of Southampton, with the tpwn and county of). the town of Southampton, nine hundred and sixty.

For the county of Stafford, with the city and county of the city of Litchfield, five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Suffolk, nine hundred and sixty.

For the county of Surrey, eight hundred.

For the county of Sussex, eight hundred.

For the county of Warwick, with the city and county of the city of Coventry, six hundred and forty.

For the county of Westmoreland, two hundred and forty.

For the county of Worcester, with the city and county of the' city of Worcester, five hundred and sixty.

For the county of Wilts, eight hundred.

the west riding of the county of York, with the city and county of the city of York, one thousand two hundred and forty:

For the north riding of the said county, seven hundred and twenty:

And for the east riding of the said county, with the town and county of the town of Kingston upon Hull, four hundred.

For the county of Anglesea, eighty.

For the county of Brecknock, one hundred and sixty.

For the county of Cardigan, one hundred and twenty.

For the county of Carmarthenwith the county borough of Carmarthen, two hundred.

For the county of Carnarvon, eighty.

For the county of Denbigh, two hundred and eighty.

For the county of Flint, one hundred and twenty.

For the county of Glamorgan, three hundred and sixty.

For the county of Merioneth, eighty.

For the county of Montgomery, two hundred and forty.

For the county of Pembroke, with the town and county of the town of Haverford West, one hundred and sixty.

And for the county of Radnor, one hundred and twenty.

fb^homin113

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That general meetings of general mettle lieutenancy of every county, riding, and place, shall be ings of jieute holder! in some principal town of every such county, riding, nancy. and place; and such general meetings shall consist of the lieutenant, together with two deputy lieutenants at the least, or, on the death or removal, or in the absence of the lieutenant, then of three deputy lieutenants at the least of every county, riding,

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. 871

and place respectively; and one such general meeting shall, be held within every county, ridings and place, annually, upon the raft Tuesday which shall happen before the twenty-fourth day of October in eery year; and the lieutenant, together with any two deputy lieutenants, or (on the death pr removal, or in the absence of the lieutenant) any three deputy lieutenants of any county, riding, or place, when and as often as they shall findnecessary for carrying the purposes of this at duly and fully into execution, may summon, or cause to be summoned, other general meetings of the lieutenancy, on any days to be fixed by such summons, of which days, and the places of holding such meetings respectively, notice shall be given in the London Gazette, and also in any weekly newspaper usually circulated in such county, riding, or place, fourteen days at the least before

the days appointed for holding such meetings respectively; and! in case any annual or other general meeting shall not be attended by the lieutenant and two deputy lieutenants, or by three deputy lieutenants, as herein before required, the lieutenant, or any one deputy lieutenant, who shall attend at such meeting, shall and may adjourn the same to any other time, and to any place within such county, riding, or place; and in case no deputy lieutenant shall attend at the time and place appointed for the next meeting, then the clerk of the general meetings, or his deputy, shall adjourn such meeting to any other time, to be held at. the same place.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That meetings of the de Regulations puty lieutenants within the subdivisions of their respective forsubdivision counties, ridings, and places, shall be held as herein after me in directed; which subdivision meetings shall consist of two deputy lieutenants at the lead: provided always, that at any subdivision

meeting appointed according to the directions of this acct, where two deputy lieutenants do not attend, it shall be lawful for any one deputy lieutenant, together with any one justice of the peace of the county, riding, or place, within which such subdivision lies, to do all acb, matters, and things, which are by this act directed to be done by deputy lieutenants, at their respective subdivision meetings 5 and all such acts, matters, and things, so done by any such deputy lieutenant and justice of the peace, shall be as good, valid, and effectual in the law, to all intents and purposes, as if they had been done by two deputy lieutenants of such county, riding, or place; anything in this a to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the respective clerks Clerk to give of the subdivision meetings shall, as soon as conveniently may dwifionmeet be after any such subdivision meeting shall have been appointed, ing8 to the give notice in writing of the time and place of meeting to such deputy lieu of the deputy lieutenants who shall be resident within such tenants, etc, subdivision, as he conveniently can, and also to the commanding officer of the regiment or battalion, if on actual service, or

(if not oil actual service) to the colonel thereof, or (in case of the absence of the colonel from.Great Britain) to the next commanding

872 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. [1786.

manding'officer within Great Britain, and an account of the several days fixed for receiving lifts, and for ballotting, and for inrolling the militia men within such subdivision; and shall, as soon as the militia men are enrolled, likewise transmit to the colonel or commanding officer as aforesaid a list specifying the names, trades, and usual places of abode of all such militia men as are enrolled, and where there are substitutes, the names, trades, and places of abode of the persons in he room of whom they were enrolled as substitutes.

When a suffi

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that

donouttend^lere not appear at any subdivision meeting, two deputy anothernfcet* tautenants, or one deputy lieutenant and one justice of the ing to be appeace, the clerk of such meeting shall, by notice to be given in pointed with writing to all the deputy lieutenants within such subdivision, or in 14 days. ]eft at trheir respective places of abode, appoint another meeting to be held, within fourteen days, at the same place where such meeting was to have been held, such notice being given five days at the lead previous to such meeting.

Annual meet

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant and in<sint fubdi ^eputy lieutenants, or the deputy lieutenants, at every annual 'vision meet meeting to be held as hereinbefore directed, shall appoint ing8, and to the first meetings of the deputy lieutenants within the several require lists of subdivisions of their respective counties, ridings, and places, persons liable which said first meetings shall be appointed to be held as early o erve. afj; er^twenty, fourth say of October in every year, as conveniently may be; and the said lieutenant and deputy lieutenants, or the said deputy lieutenants, may, if they judge needful, appoint the time and place for a second general meeting, and shall issue out their orders to the chief constables, and where there is no chief constable, to some other officer of the several hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions, within their respective counties, ridings, and places, requiring every such chief constable or other officer as aforesaid, to issue an order under his hand to all constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers of every parish, tything, or place, within their respective hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions, to return to the deputy lieutenants within their respeduve subdivisions, at the places, and on the days appointed at the first general meeting in every year, fair and true lists in writing of the names of all the men usually and at that time dwelling within their respective parishes, tythings, and places, between the ages of eighteen and fortyfive years, distinguishing their respective tanks and occupations, and where the true names of such persons cannot be procured, the common appellation of such persons shall be sufficient, and distinguishing which of the persons so returned labour under any infirmity likely to incapacitate them from serving as militia men, having first affixed a Copies of lists true copy of every such list on the door of the church or chapel to^act^xedh belonging to every such parish, tything, or place, or (if any doore&c.uic pace have no church or chapel belonging the reto) on the door of the church or chagel of some parish or place thereto

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. 873

adjoining, on same Sunday morning before they shall make such return, which Sunday shall be three days at the lead before the said meeting, and also notice in writing, at the bottom of the said copy of every such list, of the day and place of such meeting, and that all persons who shall think themselves aggrieved may then appeal, and that no appeal will be afterward received; and on the days, and at the places so respectively appointed Con (tables to as aforesaid, for the returns of the lists, the constables, tything ^onfoa^h*1^ men, headboroughs, or other officers respectively, shall attend upon oa and verify the said returns upon oath; and the said deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, assembled in their respective subdivisions, shall (after hearing any person who shall think himself aggrieved by having his name inserted in any such list, or by the omission of any other name) direcft such list to be amended, as the case shall require, and shall also direct Subdivision the names of all persons by this at respectively excepted from meetings to serving in the militia, to be struck out of the said list, and shall and make reappoint the times and places for their second meetings, within turns to the their respective subdivisions, and shall return to the clerk of the clerk of the general meetings, for the use of the said general meetings, cer general meet tificates under their hands of the number of men in each in^s' parish, tything, or place specified in the list so amended, and the same shall be filed by the clerk for the use of the general meetings.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant of General any county, riding, or place, together with any three or more meetings may deputy lieutenants, and on the death or removal, or in the ab p^fnted^ub fence of any lieutenant, any five or more deputy lieutenants, may, divisions, etc. at any general meeting held as before directed, alter the appointed subdivisions within such county, riding, or place, if they shall see occasion; also may alter the established allotment of the number of men in each respective hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or other division, to serve in the militia, towards raising, the number of militia men by this act directed to be raised for such county, riding, or place, according to the numbers contained in such respective certificates last received from the several subdivision meetings.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the deputy lieute Deputy lieu nants assembled at their said second meeting, within any subdivi tenants to ap fion as aforesaid, shall appoint what number of men shall serve

for each parish, tything, and place within such subdivision, in proportion to the number last appointed, in the manner herein serve for each before directed, at a general meeting, to serve for each hun parish, etc. dred, rape, lath, wapentake, or other division, and shall appoint atre.t?/be another meeting to be held, within three weeks from the day a ot e or on which such meeting was held, within the same subdivi (ion, and shall issue out an order to the chief constables, or other officers of the respective hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions, requiring them to give notice to the Nconstable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer of every parish, tything, or place, within their respective hundreds,

rapes.

Persons chosen to take the following

Oath;

and to be enrolled for 5 years.

Persons chosen may find substitutes, who are then to be enrolled and sworn.

The oath.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. [1786.

tapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions, of the number of men so appointed to serve for such parish, tything, or place, and of the time and place of the next subdivision meeting; and the said deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, assembled in pursuance of such appointment, shall cause the number of men appointed to serve as aforesaid to be chosen by ballot out of the list returned for every parish, tything, or place aforesaid, and shall appoint another meeting to be held withirt three weeks in the same subdivision, and shall issue out an order to the chief constables, or other officers of the respective hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions, to diredfc thfe constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer of every parish, tything, or place, to give notice to every man so chosen to serve in the militia, to appear at such meeting, which noticfe shall be given or left at his place of abode, at least seven days before such meeting; and such constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer, shall attend such meeting, and make a return upon oath of the days when such notice was served; every person so chosen by ballot shall, upon such notice, appear at such meeting, and there take the following oath; (that is to say),

I A.B. do sincerely promise and fvoear, That I will be faithful, and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George; and 1 do swear, That 1 am a protestant, and that will faithfully serve in the militia, within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the same, during the time of five years for which I am enrolled unless I shall be sooner discharged;

every such person shall be enrolled (in a roll to be then and there prepared for that purpose) to serve in the militia of such county, riding, or place, as a private militia man, for the space of five years: provided always, That if any person so chosen by ballot shall produce for his substitute a man of the same county or riding, or of some adjoining county or riding, able and fit for service, who shall have not more than one child born in wedlock, and who shall be approved by the said deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, such substitute, so produced and approved, shall be enrolled to serve in the militia of such county, riding, or place, as a private militia man, for the space of five years, and also for such further time as the militia shall remain embodied, if, within the space of five years, his Majesty shall order and direct the militia for which such man is enrolled to be drawn out and embodied, as herein after provided; and such substitute shall take the following oath:

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That will be faithful, and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George; and I do swear, That I am a protestant, and that I will faithfully serve in the tnihtia9 within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the same during the time of five years or for such further time as

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107.

the militia shall remain embodied, if within the space of five years his majesty shall order and dir eft the militia to be drawn out and embodiedunless I shall be sooner discharged.

875

And any person so chosen by bailot, for whom such substitute shall have been so produced, approved, enrolled, and fwojn as aforesaid, shall be exempt from service in the militia, in the same manner as if he himself had served according to the directions of this act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if, through the neg If the full lector mistake of any chief constables, constables, or other officers,

or from any ojher cause, the full number of men appoint afresh ballot ed for any subdivision (hold not be duly enrolled at the meet to be taken, ing appointed for that purpose, as before directed, then the deputy lieutenants, at their said meeting, or any two or more of them, may, and they are hereby required, immediately to cause the lists to he amended, and to proceed to a fresh bailot, and to adjourn their meeting, or appoint other meetings, and repeat the amending of the lists, as may be necessary and expedient for carrying the purposes of this acte duly and fully into execution; and it shall be lawful for any one deputy lieutenant One deputy to administer the oath herein before required to be taken by ay admini persons to serve in the militia, to any person ballotted, or to oat

any person offering as a volunteer under the directions of this actor to any person who, being qualified as this act requires,

shall offer to serve as a substitute; and such deputy lieutenant is hereby authorised to direct and require the clerk of the subdivision for which every such person by whom, the said oath has been before him taken is to serve, to inroll the name of every such person, together with the date of the day on which the said oath was so administered to him, in the roll of such subdivision'

And be it further enacted, That if any person cho Persons chosen by bailot, according to the directions of this act, to serve ten and not in the militia (not being one of the people called Quakers),

shall refuse or neglect to appear and take the said oath, and ror ei 10*serve in the militia, or to provide a substitute, to be approved as aforesaid, who shall take the said oath, and sign his consent to serve as his substitute, every such person so refusing or neglecting, shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, and at the expiration of five years be liable to serve again, or provide a stitute; and in default of payment of such penalty, or for war If penalty be of sufficient effects whereon to levy the same, the name of such not paid, the person shall be entered on the roll, and such person shall be de compelled livered over to Tome proper officer of the regiment, battalion, feryc# or independent company, for which he was ballotted, and shall be compelled to serve for such term, to be computed from the time of his being apprehended, as any other person who (hold 1

be then ballotted for would be compellable to serve, and shall be subject to the same punishments, for afterwards absconding or deferring, as he would have been subject to in case he had appeared.

host ea by

Per fans herein specified exempted from serving, C

lists for two places may be added together.

Newliftstobe made out when any are lost.

Penalty on constables neglecting their duty, See

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. [1786.

peared, and been duly sworn and enrolled as a militia man.

XXVII. Provided always and be it further enacted, That no peer of this realm, nor any person who shall serve as a commit, fioned officer in any regiment, troop, or company in his Majesty's other forces, or in any one of his majesty's cattles or" sorts, nor any.non commissioned officer, or private man, serving in any of his majesty's other forces, nor any commissioned officer serving, or who has served four years in the militia, nor any person being a member of either of the universities, nor any clergyman, nor any licensed teacher of any separate congregation, nor any constable or other peace officer, nor any articled clerk, apprentice, seaman, or seafaring man, nor any person muttered, trained, and doing duty, or employed in any of his majesty's docks or dock yards, for the service thereof, or employed and muttered in his majesty's service in the tower of London, Woolwich warren, the several gun wharves at Portsmouth or at the several powder mills, powder magazines, or other storehouses belonging to his Majesty under the direction of the board of ordnance, nor any person being.free of the company of watermen of the river Thames, nor any poor man who has more than one child born in wedlock, shall be liable to serve personally, or provide a substitute to serve, in the militia; and no person having served personally, or by substitute, according to the directions of this actor any former at or acts, shall be obliged to serve again, until by rotation it. shall come to his turn; but no person who has served only as a substitute shall by such service be exempted from serving again, if he shall be chosen by ballot.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, within their respective subdivisions, to add together, whensoever they shall think necessary, the lists for two or more parishes, tythings, or places, and proceed upon such lists added together, in like manner as if they had been originally returned for one parish, tything, or place, so as to make the choice of militia men by ballot within every such subdivision as equal and impartial as possible.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if the list of any parish, tything, or place, shall be lost or destroyed, it shall be lawful for the said deputy lieutenants, or any two or mors them, to cause a new list in such parish, tything, or place, to ol made and returned to them at their next subdivision meeting, in thy same manner as the list lost or destroyed was made, and ough to have been returned to them, by direction of the general meeting.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the deputy lieutenants within any subdivision, or any two or more of them, from time to time, to issue their order or warrant, under their hands and seals, requiring the attendance of the constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer of any parish, tything, or place, within such subdivision, at such time

i fjt6'\ Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. 877

and place as in such order, or warrant shall be expressed; and if any such constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer,

shall refuse or uegled to appear according to such order or warrant, or if any chief constable or other officer of any hundred, rape, lathv wapentake, or other division, or any constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer of any parish, t) thing, or place, shall refuse or neglect to return any such list as before directed, or to comply with such orders and directions as he shall from time to time receive from the said deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, in pursuance of this act, of shall in making such return be guilty of any fraud or wilful partiality or gross neglect, in his duty, the said deputy lieutenants or any two or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to commit the person so offending to the common gaol, there to be kept, without bail or mainprize, for the space of one month, or at their discretion to fine such person in any sum not exceeding five pounds nor less than forty Shillings

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That any perfotl who Sol penalty shall by gratuity, gift, or reward, or by promise thereof, of of de^urin any indemnification, or by menaces, or otherwise, endeavour procure false to prevail on any chief constable, constable, tythingman, head returns, and borough, or other officer, to make A sale return of any list for fol. on persons any parish, rything, or place, or to erase or leave out of any such list the name of any person who ought to be returned to*serve as a militia man, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds $ and if any pef son shall refuse to tell his christian and surname, or shall falsely tell a christian or surname, pretending the same to be his true christian or surname, or shall refuse to tell the christian or surname of any man lodging or residing within his or her house of shall knowingly tell any false name, pretending it to be the true name of any such person, to any constable, tythingman, or other officer authorised by this act to demand the same, every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds,

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every person cho Persons

fen by ballot to serve in the militia shall be liable to such service, removed frolit although he may have removed from the place where his name the plate was inserted in the list, provided he was residing in such place where ballots at the time when the list was, according to the directions Of edfor^ele* this jd prepared; and every person liable to serve in the miliria, bipng more than one place of residence, shall serve for the jnty, riding, or place where his name shall have been first |rted in such list as a sore fa id; and the clerk to the subdivision leering to which such list shall be returned, shall, if such person requires the same, grant a certificate gratis under his hand, that such person's name was inserted in such list, and specifying the time when such list was made and returned.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any parish

shall lie in two or more counties or ridings, the inhabitants of bngdng to the such parish shall serve in the militia of that county or riding countywhere wherein the church belonging to such parish is situatedy and in the church Vol, XXXV M m m tbal is situate

Persons fraudulently bound apprentice, liable to serve, and the matter to forfeit id.

Two deputy lieutenants may provide substitutes foi quakers, and levy the expense by dif trd'f, (See.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. [1786.

that such parish shall, for all the purposes of this act, be deemr ed part of that county or riding. V

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any two or more deputy lieutenants shall at any of their subdivision meetings receive information, or shall suspect, that any person whose name is inserted in any list, and deferrbed as an apprentice, has been fraudulently bound apprentice, in order to avoid serving in the militia, it shall be lawful for them to make inquiry thereof, and to summon such persons as they shall think necessary, to appear before them at such time and place as they shall appoint, and to examine such persons upon oath; and in case it shall appear that such binding was fraudulent, in order to avoid serving in the militia, it shall be lawful for such deputy lieutenants to appoint such person, so fraudulently bound apprentice, to serve as a militia man for the parish, tything, or place for which such list shall have been returned, if there shall be a vacancy; and if there shall be no vacancy at that time, then upon the first vacancy that shall happen; and the person to whom such apprentice shall have been so bound shall for such offence forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds.'

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any person, being one of the people called Quakers, shall be chosen by ballot to serve in the militia, and shall refuse or neglect to appear, and to take the oath and serve in the militia, or to provide a substitute, to be approved as aforesaid, who shall take the said oath, and subscribe his consent to serve as the substitute of such qua ker, then, and in every such case, any two or more deputy lieutenants shall, if they shall think proper, upon as reasonable terms as may be, provide and hire a fit person to serve as a substitute for such quaker, and such substitute shall take the fakl oath, and subscribe his consent to serve in the militia, for the same term, and on the same conditions, as is herein before directed in the case of substitutes produced by persons chosen by bailot; and any two or more deputy lieutenants may, and are hereby authorised, by warrant under their hands and seals, to levy, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such quaker, such sum of money as shall be necessary to defray the expense of providing and hiring such substitute, rendering to such quaker the overplus (if any after deducing the charges of such distress and sale; and if no goods or chattels belonging to such quaker can be found sufficient to levy such distress, and it shall nevertheless appear satisfactorily to such deputy lieutenants, that such quaker is of sufficient ability to pay the sum of ten pounds, then it shall be lawful for such deputy lieutenants to commit such quaker to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or main prize, for the space of three months, or pntil he shall have paid such sum of money as such deputy lieutenants shall have agreed to pay to such substitute as aforesaid.; and in case any measures shall be used in making distress as aforesaid, which may be by any such quaker thought oppressive, it shall be lawful for such quaker to complain to the deputy lieutenants

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 167. iff

lieutenants at their next meeting, who are hereby impcrwered "

ahd required to hear and ftnalfy determine the same.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any rate Justices ttfajr shall have been made for the providing of volunteers, accord order

ing to the directions of this act, and the churchwardens or over f levy seers shall make complaint to a justice of the peace, that any ingbydistress, Quaker refuses to pay the turn or sum of m: ney he or they shall wherequakertf be r^ted at, such justice shall order such costs and charges to be to paf. paid for levying such distress as he shall think reasonable, not ratea# exceeding ten Shillings on each of the said quakers, where there are no more than two, and where there are a greater number than two, not exceeding five drillings on each of the said quakers: provided always, That no man shall be deemed, taken, and accepted to be a quaker, within the meaning of this acff, unlefe he shall produce before the deputy lieutenants, at some of their subdivision meetings, a certificate, under the hands of two or more reputable housekeepers, being of the people called ghiaters, acknowledging such man to be one of their perfua lion.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shah perfoud urifiv Appear to any two or more deputy lieutenants, assembledat any to serve, wherf subdivision meeting, that any person chosen by ballot to serve chosen, may in the militia is unable, by reason of arty infirmity, or is not of the full height of five feet four inches, or is otherwise unfit for i^utcnanw.

the service, and is not' seized or possessed of an estate in land,

goods, or money, of the clear value of one hundred pounds,

and who shall make oath that he is not seized or possessed of such estate, such deputy lieutenants shall, and are hereby im

powered and required to discharge such person, and immediately

to amend the list for the place for which such person shall have been ballotted, and to cause another person to be chosen in his

stead By bailot, according to the directions of this af.

XXXVIII and.be it further enacted, That whenever any Persons be, militia man, after having been sworn and enrolled, shall become coming unfit urtfit for service, it shall be lawful for the colonel or command ^tehar^d ing officer of the regiment, battalion, or independent company by thecca^c to which such militia man shall belong, together With any two manding offi or more deputy lieutenants of the county, riding, or place to cer;

which such regiment, battalion, or independent company belongs, if the said regiment, battalion, or independent company shall then be within the said county, riding, or place, or for the commanding officer only, if the said regiment, battalion, or independent company, shall be absent therefrom, to discharge1 any militia man of his regiment, battalion, or independent company; but another man shall not be balloted for, in the room which dif* of such militia man so discharged, until such discharge shall b0 ^onfirmed Confirmed under the h^nds of two ot more deputy lieutenants by twod^uty of the county, riding, or place to which such regiment, batta lieutenants lion, or independent cqriipany belongs, assembled at any meeting in the subdivision for which such militia mkri was enrolled.

o Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107# [178

Vacancies oc.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That when any militia deathe&c^to man shall, before the expiration of the term for which he war befilledup by to serve die, or be appointed a sergeant, corporal, or drummer, a frefti bailot, in the militia, or be discharged in pursuance of the sentence of a court-martial, the vacancy thus occasioned shall be filled up by a fresh ballot for a militia man to serve according to the provw fions of this act, except as is herein before excepted.

At subdivision

XL. And be it further enacted, That any two or more of the iftci^ik8ii, mc ^eputy lieutenants, at their several subdivision meetings, shall., for^in room of an they, are hereby required to ballot for militia men, in the those whore room of all militia men actually serving, whose terras of service terms of fer will expire before the twentieth day of November then next en vicewillex suing the holding of such subdivision meetings, and shall at a n^xt^fuid^ meet*ng> to he held as soon as conveniently may

be, proceed to inrol the said ballotted men, or their substitutes } the commanding officer of every regiment, battalion, and independent company, is hereby empowered from time to time? to discharge any man of his regiment, battalion, or independent company, whose time of service will expire before the twentieth day of November then next ensuing, and to; receive any other militia man in his room, who shall have taken the oath, and been enrolled according to the directions of this act; and every such man so discharged, if serving for himself, shall be entitled to the same immunity from further service as if he had served his full term; and if any such man so discharged was serving as a substitute, then the person for whom he served shall be entitled to the like immunity as aforesaid.

Half the price

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in case any perfoti 6f volunteers not possessed of an estate in land, goods, or money, of the clear fons^hofenby va^ue of five hundred pounds, and who shall make oath that he bailot, who 7 is riot possessed of such estate, shall be chosen by ballot to serve are not worth in the militia for any parish, tything, or place, when the said 5ol. militia is drawn, or ordered out for actual service, and such person

shall be sworn and enrolled, or shall provide a fit person to serve as his substitute, who shall be sworn and enrolled, the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of such parish, tything, or place, shall, on receiving an order under the hands of any two or more deputy lieutenants acting withii? the subdivision wherein such parish, tything, or place is situate, pay to every such person, so chosen by bailot, any such sum of money, not exceeding the sum which such deputy lieutenants shall adjudge to be as near as may be one half of the current price then paid for a volunteer in the county, riding, or place where such person was so chosen, whdfh said sum of money shall be taken out of the poor's rate, to be made as herein after directed for providing and producing volunteers, or in case no volunteers shall be provided or produced by the churchwardens or overseers, then out of a rate to be made and collected agreeable to the poor's rate, as herein after also directed; and in case any church warden or overseer of the poor shall refuse or neglect to pay such money, upon demand, and the producing of such or

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107.

der, every such churchwarden or overseer, so refusing or neg jecting to make such payment, shall, for every such offende, forfeit the sum of five pounds, one half of which penalty shall be paid to the person so chosen by bailot, in liey of the sum ordered to be paid to him as aforesaid: provided always, That if any man so chosen by bailot, and serving for himself, shall, within one month after his inrollment, be disapproved of, and discharged by the officer commanding the regiment, battalion, or independent company, such sum shall not be paid to the person so chosen by bailot, but shall be paid, in manner before mentioned, to the next person chosen by ballot in his stead; and if any substitute be disapproved and discharged in manner aforesaid, then no such sum shall be paid to the man so chosen by bailot, whose substitute shall have been so disapproved and discharged, unless he shall serve himself, or shall find another substitute, who shall be approved by such commanding officer as aforesaid.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if the churchward Volunteers ens or overseers of the poor of any parish, tything, or place, may be raised shall, with the consent of the inhabitants, taken at a vestry, or th rhtlc^n' at any other meeting to be held for that purpose, for the cal habitants Vnd ling of which vestry or meeting three days public notice shall a rate estab be given, specifying the cause of calling such vestry or meeting, lifoed for pay provide and produce to the said deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, at any subdivision meeting for phoofing the bount, e militia men by bailot, any volunteer or volunteers who shall be approved by such deputy lieutenants, such volunteer or volunteers, so approved, shall be then and therelworn in and inroli ed, to serve for such term, and on the same conditions, as is herein before provided in case of substitutes produced by persons chosen by bailot; and the said deputy lieutenants shall cause only such number of persons to be chosen by ballot out of the list returned for such parish, tything, or place, as shall be then wanted to makeup the whole number to serve for such pa risti, tyrhing, or place; and if any such churchwardens or overseers shall give to such volunteer or volunteers any sum or sum? of money, not exceeding six pounds each, to serve in the militia for such parish, tything, or place, it shall be lawful for such churchwardens or overseers to make a rate upon the inhabitants of such parish, tything, or place, according to the rate then made for the relief of the poor, which rate (being approved by any justice of the peace) it shall be lawful for such churchwardens or overseers to collect, and to reimburse themselves such sum or sums of money as they shall have paid to such volunteer or volunteers as aforesaid, and the overplus (if any) shall be applied as part of the poor's rate; and if any person shall refuse to pay such rate, it shall be lawful for any justicp of the peace, upon complaint thereof made by any such churchwarden or overseer, by warrant under his hand and seal, to levy the same by distress and sale of the offenders goods ajuj fbattels, returning the overplus, (if any), after the said rate,

881 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. f 178

and the charges of such distress and sale, shall be paid; but no person choifen by ballot who shall have served in the militia, either by himself, or by substitute, according to the directions of this act, or anytother act or acts, or who shall be then serve ing himself, or by substitute, shall be liable to pay to any such rate: provided always, That if any person shall think himself aggrieved by any such rate as aforesaid, such person may appeal to the next general or quarter sessions, in like manner as is provided in the case of appeals against rates for the relief of the

p^or.

Justices may

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any servant what? determine dif ever, hired by the year or otherwise, shall be enrolled as a mi fcrv^nts^en 611 man' an any dispute shall arise between his master or mifr roikd asili tres employer or employers, and such servant, touching any tia men, and sum or sums of money due to such servant for or on account of fthcir metres, his service performed before the time of such swearing and inr respecting aliment, or to such time as, under the conditions of the said

wages. wearing and inrollment, he shall be obliged to quit the service

of his said master or mistress, employer or employers, by being called out to join the militia in which he shall have been so sworn and enrolled, it shall and may be lawful, on complaint made thereof, within three months from the time of quitting the said service, to any justice of the peace for the county, riding, fcity? liberty, town corporate, or place where such master or mistress, employer or employers, shall inhabit, for such justice to hear and determine every such complaint, and to examine upon oath every such servant, or any other witness or witnesses, touching the same, and to make such order for the payment of so much wages to such servant in proportion to the service he has performed, as to such justice shall seem just and reasonable, provided the sum in question do nor exceed the sum, of twenty pounds; and in case of refusal or nonpayment of any Turns so ordered by the space of twenty-one days next after such determination, such justice shall and may issue forth his and their warrant to levy the same, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such master or mistress, employer or employers, rendering the overplus to the owner or owners, after payment of the charges of such distress and sale.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That any person, who shall receive money from any other person to serve as his substitute in the militia, or from any churchwardens or overseers thevdonot^Poor to ^erve as a volunteer as. aforesaid, and shall neglect to appear at the usual meeting appointed for swearing the militia men, or before some one deputy lieutenant, in order to be sworn according to thedireftions of this act, every such person so neglecting to appearand be sworn, being convicted thereof before any deputy lieutenant, or justice of the peace, shall be obliged to return the money to the person or persons from whom he received it, and shall also forfeit and pay, 'to such person or persons, any sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, at the difcrp lion of the deputy jfeurenant or justice of the peace before whom \ ', i; lie,

Penalty on substitutes, C who do not appear, they do not return the bounty.

Hbsted by

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. s83

he shall be so convlisted, 5 and if such offender shall not immediately return the money so by him received as aforesaid, apd likewise pay the said penalty, he shall be committed to the common goal or house of correction for the space of fourteen days, or until the said sum shall be returned.:

XLV. And be it further enacted, that if any person chosen Justices may by ballot to serve in the militia shall harve engaged any other order pay person to serve as his substitute, or if any churchwardens or [yto fubfu"'overseers of the poor shall have engaged any person to serve as a tutes, etc. ac volumeer as aforesaid, and the person so chosen by bailot, or'cording to a<sfc such churchwardens or overseers shall have agreed to pay to the Geo. ! person so engaged, a certain sum for such service, and shall, C L after such person has been enrolled, refuse to pay him the full sum agreed on, it shall be lawful for any one justice of the peace, on application made to him, and such justice is hereby required to order such sum of money as shall appear to him to be due to the person so engaged, to be immediately paid to him by the person or persons by or for whom he shall be engaged to serve as aforesaid; and such justice shall proceed therein in the same manner as is directed by an act of the twentieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, For the better adjusting and more easy recovery C f the wages of certain fervent s, and for the better regulating of such servants, and of certain apprentices.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever anybody When a regtr of militia shall be embodied, and absent from the county, riding, jjg or place to which it belongs, the commanding officer of such Jifoof men body of militia shall apply to every man whose time shall be wilungtocon within four months of expiring, and who, in his judgement, tinue to serve, shall be fit'to serve as a militia man, and inquire if he is willing the ir

to continue in the service for such term as any man who Should be

be then balloted to serve would be subject to, and for what price transmitted by or sum he will continue; and such commanding officer shall, thecomrtand on the first day of the months of January, March, sub*ng officer

and November respectively, or as foooo after as conveniently may be, transmit to the clerk of the general meeting of the county, riding, or place, to which his body of militia belongs, a list of all such private militia men in such body of militia, as he shall find willing to continue in the service, in which list shall be set down the sums they are respectively willing to continue for, and which list shall be signed by every such militia man as aforesaid and shall be iqade in the following form;

yi&?

M m r14

Dated

8$4 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. [i; r6,

Dated the day of

 1 C n % 0 n. CL Name of the men actually serving. o' +, 315 - C cr r 5" O "* i  tr O CI "Vo 2. s3 In the hundred of Time of service expires on the Sumfor which they engage'to serve. go f n o O 3 3 P..,?t r'

A. CD P. H. - A.B.

E. F. L.M. 4l I. E. F.

G. K. R. 1v. G. K.

And that the signing of the said roll shall be binding upon the persons signing the same, to all intents and purposes whatsoever. injiftment of xlv11. And be it further enacted, That in case any office, fn^th^stand (pjeant, or other person, shall at any time wilfully and knowing army to mjift any man to serve in his majesty's other forces, who

be void. at the time of such enlisting shall be enrolled or engaged to serve in the militia, very such enlisting shall be deemed null and void 5 and in case any militia rpan, at the time of offering to enlist as aforesaid, shall deny to the officer, ferjeanr, or other person recruiting for men to enlist and serve in his majesty's other forces, that he is (at the time of his offering to enlist) a militia mi'itia men pian a<^ua^ynro^ed and engaged to serve (which the said offewng^o^n fficer> sergeant, or other person, is hereby required to ask every list into other man offering to enlist in his majesty's other forces), or shall of regiments to fer himself to be enrolled and serve in any other regiment, bata^on' or independent company of militia, every militia man and ifad: ually offering shall, on conviction thereof, upon the oath of one iriliftedpto*Witness before any one justice of the peace, be committed to the serve in such common gaol, or house of correction, there to remain, with regiment out kajj or mainprize, for and during any time not exceeding r^ from the " r*lont^sover an above any penalty or punishment to which ipilitia. such person so offending is or shall be otherwise liable $ and

V "1 every person so offending, from the day on which his engagement

to serve in the militia shall end, and not sooner, shall belong,

aa soldier, to such corps of his majesty's other forces into which he shall have been so enlisted; and if any officer, sergeant, or other person shall enlist any man belonging to the militia, to serve in his majesty's other forces, knowing him tp belong to the militia, or without asking him if he belongs to the men to forfeit mjjt; aj every such officer, sergeant, or other person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds; and Soldiers offer jf any person actually serving in any of his majesty's other forces substkutepe^er himfdfto serve an kenro^e<j as a substitute in the forfeit iol' militia, every person so offending shall forfeit and pay, to the person informing of such offence, the sum of ten pounds, or be committed to the common gaol or house of correction, for any time not exceeding three months,

o xlvin. And

Persons foin lifting militia

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107.' 885

XL

VIII. And be it farther enacted, That if any person shall Persons order* give orders to any sergeant, drummer, or other person.serving ferie^nt^ in the militia, to beat up in any city, town, or place, for vo mhuiath beat lunteers to serve in the militia, the person who shall give such up for volun orders shall, upon proof thereof, and of such beating up as teers, to for aforesaid, upon oath, before any justice of the peace, forfeit lo and pay the sum of twenty pounds; one moiety whereof shall be applied to the use of the person who shall make information thereof before any justice of the peace; and if such sergeant, Sergeants re drummer, or other person, shall refuse to declare upon oath, dc

before such justice, from whom he received such orders, it shall thtmtuch^or be lawful for such justice, and he is hereby required, by warders, tobeim^ rant under his hand and seal, to commit such serjeant, drum prisoned. nier, or other person, to the house of correction, for any time not exceeding three months.

XLIX. And be it farther enacted, That the clerks of all fub Rolls signedat division meetings shall, within fourteen days after every fubdi ^etin^to vision meeting, transmit to the clerk of the general meeting of be^ransmitted the county, riding, or place, fair and true copies of such rolls to the general as shall be signed at such meeting. meeting.

jl. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant of every coun A state of the ty, riding, and place shall, and he is hereby required to transmit to number of his majesty's privy council, annually, an account in writing of the persons liable true state of the number of persons fit and liable to serve in the mi transmitted C litia for such county, riding, or place; and that after the said account annually to shall be so transmitted, his majesty's privy council shall forthwith the privy six and settle, as near as may be, the number of militia men who council, who shall for the future serve for each county, riding, or place, by the the miota for proportion which the numbers so returned bear to the whole num each place, her of militia men by this act directed to be raised, and to transmit and transmit accounts of the numbers so fixed and settled, to the lieutenants the numbers of the several counties, tidings, and places aforesaid; and where Heatenants1^ the number of militia men so fixed and settled shall be greater than the number of militia men who shall be, by virtue of this aftr appointed to serve for any county, riding, or place, then, and in every such case, the lieutenant for such county, riding, or place, together with any two or more deputy lieutenants, and on the death or removal, or in the absence, of the said lieutenant, any three or more deputy lieutenants shall, at a general meeting to be held for that purpose, appoint what number of militia men shall serve for each respective hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or other division within such county, riding, or place; and the additional number of militia men, to make up the whole number so fixed and settled as aforesaid, shall be provided or chosen in the same manner as other militia men are by this act to be provided or chosen, and all the additional men, so provided or chhfen as aforesaid, or their substitutes, and also all volunteers, shall take the oath by this act required to be taken, and shall be enrolled, or sign their consent to serve In the militia, in such manner as is directed by this act, and in c^fe of, refusal shall be subject to the same penalties as in the like cases*!'*- -; " "' - "'are

8*6

Penalties for refuting to ferre, C to be applied in providing substitutes.

Surplus to be a part of the regimental'stock.

Oaths may b admini tiered by county lieutenants, See.

How the militia are to be formed into regiments, and officered

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. [1786.

are inflicted by this act: provided always, That where the number of militia men so fixed and settled as aforesaid shall be Iefs than the number of militia men who shall be appointed to serve for any county, riding, or place, then, and in every fuefi case, the said lieutenant, together with any two or more deputy lieutenants, or (on the death or removal, or in the absence of the said lieutenant) any three or more deputy lieutenants, ill all, at a general meeting to be held for that purpose, discharge by bailot, proportionally out of each respective hundred, rape, lath wapentake, or other division, so many militia men as shall exceed the number so fixed and settled as aforesaid.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the money arising by penalties incurred for refusing to serve in the militia, or to find substitutes to serve in their room, shall be applied, by any two or more deputy lieutenants, within their respective subdivisions, in providing substitutes for the persons who shall have paid such penalties, which substitutes shall be sworn in and enrolled to serve for the same term, and on the same conditions, as is hereinbefore provided in the case of substitutes provided by persons chosen by bailot; and if any surplus shall remain, the same shall be paid to the colonels or commanding officers of the respective regiments, battalions, or independent companies in which such persons ought to have served as militia men, and be applied as part of the regimental flock.

LII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in the execution of this act, when any matter or thing is directed to be inquired of or examined into upon the oath of any witness or witnesses, before any lieutenant of any county, or any deputy lieutenant or lieutenants, or justice or justices of the peace, any such lieutenant, deputy lieutenant or lieutenants, or justice or justices of the peace, is or are hereby authorised to administer such oath to any witness or witnesses; and that all other oaths to be taken in pursuance of this act shall and may be respectively administered by any lieutenant or deputy lieutenant.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in the several counv ties, ridings, and places, where the number of men is sufficient, the militia shall be formed into regiments, confiding of not more than twelve, nor less than eight companies, of eighty private men to a company at the most, and sixty private men at the lead; and the field officers of such regiments shall be as follows; (that is to say), one colonel, one lieutenant-colonel, and one major; and where the number of militia men shall amount to a number under eight, and not less than five companies, such militia shall be formed into a battalion, and the field officers of such battalion shall be one lieutenant colonel, and one major only; and where the number of private men shall amount tq any number undef five, and not less than three companies, such militia shall he formed into a battalion with one lieutenant colonel, or major, and no other field officer; and in each regiment or battalion of militia there shall be one captain, one lieutenant, and one eqfign to ech company: prqvided always. That

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107, '887

it shall be lawful for every battalion, confiding of five companies, or upward, to have one company of grenadiers or light infantry, to which two lieutenants, shall be appointed, instead of one lieutenant and one ensign; and it shall be lawful for every regiment, confiding of eight companies, or upward, to have one company of grenadiers, and one company of light infantry, to each of which companies two lieutenants shall be appointed, indead of one lieutenant and one ensign.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That in the several coun How todepeit ties, ridings, and places, where, the number of militia men shall cotnpl not be diffident to form a regiment or battalion, according to formed  the intent and meaning of this act, the militia of such counties, which may ridings, and places, shall be formed into independent companies, thereafter be each company to confid of eighty private men at the mod, and f01?^ into sixty private men at the lead, with one captain, one lieutenant, a Ions and one ensign to each company; and that his Majesty may, whenever he thinks proper, join together any number of such independent companies, and form a battalion r battalions, or may incorporate them with any other regiment or battalion of militia, provided the number of companies in any such regiment or battalion be not thereby, made to exceed the number of companies of which a regiment or battalion of militia is hereinbefore directed to confid.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for County lieu the lieutenant of any county, riding, or place, to act as colo and bear pel or commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or inde rank ascolo pendent company of militia for such county, riding, or place, nels, though for and during such time as there shall not be any colonel or the bodies of commanding officer appointed to such regiment, battalion, or their

independent company, but no such lieutenant shall, at any one commanding time, act as colonel or commanding officer to more than one officers to that body of militia, whether regiment, battalion, or independent company; and where the lieutenant of any county, riding, or place, shall take the command of anybody of militia not being by this act deemed a regiment, he shall be entitled to the rank of colonel, except when the said company shall be formed into battalion as aforesaid, but shall receive no greater pay than the proper commanding officer of such body would be entitled to.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That when any colonel or The femo? other commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or inde officer hi # pendent company, shall be absent from Great Britain, all the ^tennveft^d powers by this act given to such colonel or other commanding the pow? officer shall be veiled in and lawfully may be exercised by the ers given to next officer in command in such regiment, battalion, or inde colonels pendent company, who shall be residing within Great Britain, until such colonel or other commanding officer shall be returned to Great Britain, and shall have notified his arrival to the clerk of the peace of the county, riding, or place to which such regiment, battalion, or independent. company belongs, and the clerk of the peace is hereby required forthwith, upon receipt of such notification, to transmit an account thereof to the officer

888: Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107 % [1786.

who shall have been next in command as aforesaid 5 and all acts, matters, and things done by such officer next in command as aforesaid, in exercising the powers given by this act to ' colonels and other commanding officers, shall be good and valid in the law, equally as if they had been done by the colonel or commanding officer himself.

The rank of

LVII. And be it further enacted, That when a battalion of

be^vento^ ls commanded by a lieutenant colonel, who shall have

liemenant co been commandant of the same for five years, or longer, it shall lonels comb lawful for the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place to mamdant of which such battalion shall belong, with the consent of his majesty, to give to such lieutenant colonel commandant a commission of colonel.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all counties where the number of men are sufficient to form six companies, but not sufficient to form a regiment, it shall be lawful for the lieutenant to appoint three persons, qualified according to the directions of this act, to serve, with the rank of colonel, lieutenant colonel, and major, but with no higher pay than if they were appointed lieutenant colonel, major, and captain $ and where the number of men shall be sufficient to form four com

Bow the militia is to be officered, vthere the msmbers are not sufficient for a regi tetnu

panies, but not sufficient to form six companies, it shall be lawful for the lieutenant to appoint two persons, qualified as aforesaid, to serve, with the rank of lieutenant colonel and major, but that only one of them shall be entitled to any higher pay than that of captain; and in all counties and places where the number of militia men is not sufficient to form more than two companies, the eldest captain shall rank as major, but shall only be entitled to the pay of captain.

Lieutenants

LIX. And be it further enacted, That any person duly qua may beap lifted as a lieutenant may be appointed to the rank of captain tsitifeute ^" lieutenant in any regiment or battalion of militia, confiding of nants, where not tess than six companies; but that no captain lieutenant shall, there are six by the date of his commission or otherwise be entitled to rank

companies in above, or to command any captain of a company in the mi the regiment, J

Adjutants to

LX. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty may and be appointed shall appoint one proper person who shall have served, or fhattrin'tr embo at l*me appointment dually serve, in some of his

gs" majesty's other forces, or in anybody of militia that has been drawn out and embodied, to be an adjutant to each regiment, battalion, or independent company of militia, in every county. Rank in the riding, or place, and such adjutant, if appointed out of his ma army to be jesty's other forces, shall, during his service in the militia, pre adjuums, ^serve his rank in the army in the same manner as if he had pon*may hold tinued in that service; and the lieutenant of any county, riding, a fubapern's or place, may give any such adjutant a commission of a lieute to^hnot* nant or en^sn> though such adjutant may not have the qua qua?ifiedn, and location required by this act for a lieutenant or ensign; and it way have the shall be lawful for tile lieutenant of any county, riding, or place, brevet rank of qu the recommendation of the commanding officer of any regt captain, ct meat

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. 8s9

merit or battalion of militia raised within suchxounty, riding, or place, consisting of not Ids than six companies, to appoint the adjutant of such tegiment or battalion to the rank of captain, by brevet, provided such adjutant has served five jears in the rank of lieutenanr, whether in the militia or in his majesty's other forces, although such adjutant may not have the qualification required by this act for captains: provided always, That no such appointment to the rank of captain shall be valid, unless in the instrument granting the same it be specified in what regiment or battalion, and whether of the militia or of his majesty's other forces, such adjutant hath served in the rank of lieutenant, and what was or were the date or dates of his commission or commissions: provided also That no adjutant so appointed to the rank of captain shall, by the date of such appointment as'aforesaid, or otherwise, be entitled to rank above, or to command, any captain of a company in the militia, nor shall, by virtue of such appointment, be entitled to receive any greater pay than that of a lieutenant, together with his pay as adjutant.

LXL. And be it further enacted, That the colonel, or (where Apavmaster there is no colonel) the commanding officer of every regiment ma eap or battalion of militia, consisting of more than two companies, battalion o when such regiment or battalion is not in actual service, may more than appoint a regimental or battalion clerk, who shall execute the two compa office of paymaster; where the number of men shall not be n*e8'>but th sufficient to form more than two companies, no clerk shall be fe fortkff allowed, but the receiver-general of the land tax shall pay the number, to money necessary for such number of men to the commanding be paid to the officer of such company or companies, which commanding offl commanding cer shall account with the receiver-general for the same.  cer#

LXII. And be it further enacted, That no adjutant, surgeon, No adjutant, regimental or battalion clerk, or quarter master in the militia, etc. to be shall be capable of being appointed captain of a company; and in of that no person hohling the commission of captain of a company company, etc. shall be capable of being appointed adjutant, surgeon, regimental or battalion clerk, or quarter master: provided nevertheless.

That any battalion clerk may be appointed a captain lieutenant in any regiment or battalion of militia entitled by the provisions of this act to have a captain lieutenant.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That no officer who is Half pay of eii titled to half pay, shall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit nf

such half pay during the time he shall serve as lieutenant, en^to*sign, adjutant, battalion clerk, paymaster*, quarter master, or forfeit they surgeon, in any regiment, battalion, or independent company half pay, of militia, but that the same shall nevertheless continue; and instead of the oath directed by the act for punishing mutiny, and desertion^ and for the better payment of the army, and their quarteri % to be taken by such officer, he shall take the following oath;

I A.B. do / wear, That lhad not, between the form.of oath

5, any place or employment of profit, civil

tr military, under his Myejly^ hefsdts my auomm of half. pay. as a

reduced: a

890 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107.

reduced in late regiment

of save and except my pay as lieutenantt

enjign, adjutant, battalion clerk, paymaster, quarter mqfter, or fur geohj [as the case may be], for ftrving in a regiment of militia:

And the taking of the said oath shall, without taking any other oath, be sufficient to entitle such person to receive his half pay.

Proportion of

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That sergeants, corporals, fioncdofficers atlc* drummers shall be appointed to the militia, in the following and drum proportions (that is to say), When not in actual service there

mers, when shall be one sergeant and one corporal to every thirty men, and the iriilitia is when the militia shall be drawn out into actual service, an act service and dition ^11 be made, so that there shall be one sergeant and one their pay, C corporal to every twenty men, and when not in actual service, there shall be one drummer to every company, with an addition of one drummer for each flank company of regiments or battalions confiding of six or more companies, and when the militia shall be drawn out into actual service there shall be an addition of one drummer to every company so drawn out; and the ilaily pay of every such sergeant, corporal, and drummer, shall bfe as follows (that is to say). To every sergeant one shilling, to every corporal eight pence, and to every drummer sixpence; and such sergeants, corporals, and drummers, shall be new clothed, when not in actual service, once in two years: and all sergeant and corporals shall take the following oath; (that is to say),

I A.B. do ftncerely promise and wear, That / will be faithful9 and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George; and I da swear that I am a protefant, and that I will faithfully serve as a sergeant, or corporal, [as the case shall be], in the militia within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the famey until L shalt be legally discharged:

Form of the oath to be taken by sergeants, C

Sergeant maand the colonel of every regiment or battalion, or (where there jorsand; s no colonel) the commanding officer of every battalion con tob^appmnt four or more companies, may appoint a sergeant major

CD out of the sergeants, and a drum major out of the drummers 5

and that all sergeants, corporals, and drummers, having received any pay as such from any regiment, battalion, or independent company, shall be deemed to be engaged, and compellable to serve in such regiment, battalion, or independent company, un no publican, t; j they shall be legally discharged: provided always, That no offerving as a person who ^eep any house of public entertainment, of sergeant, etc. who shall sell any ale or wine, or any brandy or other spirituoiii liquors by retail, shall be capable of being appointed or serving as a sergeant, corporal, or drummer, in the militia: provided al a furpiers of ways. That if it shall happen that in any#regiment or battalion aboveuie there shall be a surplus of fifteen men or upwards, after the ap proportion of portionment of one sergeant and one corporal to every thirty 30 to 1 corpo men, such regiment or battalion shall be entitled to have one ral, to entitle additional

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107.

additional corporal, when not in adtoal service, for such furplns thebattalion number of men. J an addt

LXV. And be it further enacted, That any sergeant, corpo rna corp' ral, or drummer, may be discharged by the colonel, or (where commanding the re is no colonel) by the commanding officer (with the con officers may sent of the captain of the company); and that the captain (with discharge fertile approbation of the commanding officer) may appoint any etc.

proper person in the room of every sergeant, corporal, and drum captains may mer, who shall die, desert, or be discharged, all which sergeants appoint fuo and corporals, so appointed, shall take the like oath as is herein cessors. before required to be taken by sergeants and corporals.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case his majesty's Extra drum lieutenant for any county, or the commanding officer of any re *rts giment, battalion, or independent company, shall bedefirous of cians, but keeping up a greater number of drummers than one per com not at the pany, to be employed as fifers or musicians for the use of the expectce of said regiment, battalion, or independent company, and shall be ^epubhck. willing to defray the expense of such additional drummers, it shall and may be lawful for the commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or independent company, to retain in their xe spective corps any number of the drummers who now are employed as fifers or musicians therein, over and above the number of one drummer per company established by this actr or at any time hereafter to engage any additional number of drummers to a as fifers or musicians in their respe<stive corps; and all such drummers so retained, or in future engaged to serve in any such corps as fifers or musicians, shall be deemed as drummers of militia within the meaning of this atto all intents and purposes whatsoever, and shall be subject to the same orders, regulations, penalties, and punishments, as other drummers of, militia are by this a & subject, and shall continue to serve as drummers so long as they shall receive the same pay and clothing as other drummers have, or better clothing in lieu thereof, and no longer.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That any person, being Sergeants of a sergeant on the establishment of Chelsea Hospital, at the'allow ance of twelve pence a day, and being appointed to serve in the receive their militia, shall and may receive the said allowance of twelve pence allowance a day, together with his pay from the said militia: and any per therefrom to son who shall have faithfully served as a sergeant in the militia jhrerw1til for fifteen years, or as a corporal or drummer for twenty years, wlil^/rvice and who shall be discharged on account of age or infirmity, entitles fer shall, on the recommendation of the commanding officer of the jeants, C to regiment, battalion, or independent company, to which he be datio^o1^ Jongs, and the lieutenant, and two or more deputy lieutenants chelsea pen of the county, riding, or place, to which the said regiment, bat fiou, talion, or independent company belongs, or on the death or removal, or in the absence of the said lieutenant, by the commanding officer, and three or more deputy lieutenants of such county, riding, or place, be entitled to examination at the cheu sea board, and be capable to be placed on the pension of five.

V pence

s92

Militia to be exercised for a8 Successive days annually, and amenable to the mutiny laws.

Notice of the time and place of exercise, to be affixed on the church doors.

Ten days prior to the annual exercise, lists of the men in rolied, to be sent to the respective commanding oncers, etc

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. fi pence per Diem, if the said board (hold judge him deserving thereof: provided that no person who shall be appointed a sergeant in the militia after the passing of this act, shall be entitled to such recompense, until he shall have served in the militia, Or in the army and militia, for twenty years.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the militia to be appointed as aforesaid shall be trained and exercised by regiment, battalion, or independent company, once in every year for twenty-eight days together, in the manner herein after directed, at such time and place a shall be least inconvenient to the publick, such time and place to be appointed by a general meeting of the lieutenancy, to be held as herdin before directed, within every county, riding, and place, or in default of any such meeting being held, then by the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, or by three deputy lieutenants, authorised by his Majesty to act when the lieutenant shall be out of Great Britain as aforesaid; and during such time as the militia shall be assembled for the purpose of being trained and exercised, all the clauses, provisions, matters, and things contained in any act of parliament, which shall be then in force for the punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army. and their quarters, shall be in force with respect to the militia, and all the officers, noncommissioned officers, and private men of the same, in all cases whatsoever, but so that no punishmenfc shall extend to loss of life or limb.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That notice of the time and place of exercise of the militia men of each parish, tything, and place, shall be sent, by the clerk of the general meetings, ter the chief constables or other officers of the several hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions, with directions ta forward the same to the constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or others officers within their respective hundreds, rapes, lalhs* wapentakes, or other divisions, which constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers, shall cause such notice as aforesaid to be affixed on the doors of the churches or chapels belonging to ttoeir respective paristies, tythings, or places, or (if any place shall have no church or chapel belonging the reto) on the door of the church or chapel of some parish, tything, or place thereunto adjoining; and all such militia men shall duly attend at the time and place of exercise, according to such notice.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That the clerks of the several subdivifibn meetings, in every county, riding, or place shall, ten days at least before the time so appointed for the annual exercise, cause a full and true list, specifying the name and date of the inrolment of all the persons enrolled (within each subdivision respectively) to serve in such regiment, battalion, or independent company, to be transmitted to the commanding officer of such regiment, battalion, or independent company, or to such personas shall be appointed by such commanding officer to receive the femes and shall in like manner cause a duplicate

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107; g

of such list to be transmitted to the adjutant of fitch regiment battalion, or independent company.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That at the first meeting From which for annual exercise that shall be appointed after the passing of this ab, the commanding officer of each regiment battalion, or complete C independent company, shall, on the first day on which such renumber shall giment, battalion, or independent company is directed to affem he chosen by ble as aforesaid, and in the presence of such deputy lieutenants a*the and other officers as shall be then and there assembled, proceed Exercise to cause such a number of the persons inrohed to serve in such regiment, battalion, or independent company, to be chosen by ballot out of the list returned for each subdivision, as shall be equal to two thirds of the coippleat number that ought to be enrolled on the list of such l^ixlivijsofu^ Provided al ways, That where the number of men that ought to be enrolled for aqy subdivision, cannot be divided into three equal parts, the two thirds, to be chosen^by ballot as aforesaid, shall be computed upon the next highest number that can be divided into three equal parts.

LXXII. And jae^t enacted, That on the day next after such bailot, the commanding officer shall cause the regiment, bat regiment/etc! talion, or independent company, to be mustered according to to be muster the subdivision for which each person shall have been enrolled to ed, etc. serve, and shall cause the jroll of each subdivision respectively to be publicly called 5 and as the name of each person contained therein shall be read, he shall declare whether such person is, or is not (as the case may be) ballotted out of such roll in the manner herein before provided.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any vacancy or Vacancies vacancies shall happen by the death or discharge of any person be filled up by or persons so ballotted as aforesaid, or by the expiration of the ballot at the term for which any person or persons so ballotted as aforesaid first meeting, shall have been enrolled to serve, the commanding officer of each regiment, battalion, or independent company, shall, at the next meeting to be appointed for annual exercise after such vacancy shall have happened, proceed to ballot in the manner hereinbefore directed, for such further number as shall be wanting to complete the full proportion of two thirds of the number, of which such regiment, battalion, or independent company, ought to consist.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every such The men bal person or persons as the commanding officer of such regiment, j^ercifed and battalion, or independent company, shall declare to have been so the remainder ballotted out of such roll as aforesaid, shall be trained and exer discharged cifed for the time, and in the manner herein before directed, from attend during every year for which such person or persons is or are in ance* rolled to serve; and all and every such person or persons as tyre commanding officer of such regiment, battalion, or independent company, shall declare to have been not so ballotted as aforesaid, shall be discharged from further attendance during the remainder of the term appointed for the annual exercise.

s94 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. [1786.

The men so

LXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and ever *9^ person or persons so discharged as aforesaid, shall, toy law, 511 during the time he or they shall remain in the? town or place while they re where such regiment, battalion, or independent company is af iain where sembled, be subject and liable to the same orders, regulations, the regiment penalties, and punishments, as the persons so chosen to be trained wa em e, an(j exercised as aforesaid are by this act subject, unless such person or persons shall be usually resident, or have his or their place of abode in such town or placev and to appear LXX

LXXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all such per anytubfe^ons as he so discharged as aforesaid shall, and they are quest place hereby required perfortally to appfear at any subsequent time or of exercise. place of exercise, of which due notice shall be given as required by this a, and shall, on default of such appearance, be subject to the same penalties and punishirients as any other person or persons mrolled to serve in such regirttant, battalion, or mdepen -- dent company, is or may by this or any other act be subject to.

chofcnbyl^l

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if arvy enrolled ioti may serve person, not chosen by ballot as aforesaid, shall offer himself as a for such as volunteer to be trained and exercised in the room of any person

are so chosen by bailot, it shall be lawful for the commanding officer

of the regiment, battalion, or independent company, to accept such volunteer in the room of such person so ballotted as aforesaid; and such person so accepted, shall be trained and exercised in the same manner, and under the same regulations, and for the same term, as if he had himself been chosen by ballot as aforesaid

to magistrates to billet the militia.

Militia men tailing tick on the march to be relieved,

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all mayors, bailiffs, constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, and other chief magistrates, and officers of cities, towns, parishes; tythings, and places, and (in their default or absence) for any one justice of the peace inhabiting within or near any such city, town, parish, tything, or place (but for no others), and they or he are or is hereby required to quarter and billet the officers, noncommissioned officers, and private men serving in the militia, at the times when they shall be called out to annual exercise, in inns, livery (fables, alehouses, victualling houses, and all houses of persons selling brandy, strong waters, cyder, wine, or metheglin by retail, upon application made to any such mayors, bailiffs, constables tythingmen, headboroughs, or other chief magistrates, or officers, by his majesty's lieutenant, or by the colonel or commanding officer of the militia of the county, riding, or place, where they shall be so called out to exercise as aforesaid; and when the militia is not embodied, all mayors and other chief magistrates, and officers aforesaid, or (in their default or absence) any one justice of the peace as aforesaid, may, and they or he are or is hereby required to order and provide convenient lodging, in such houses as aforesaid, for the sergeants, corporals, and drummers of the militia.

LXXIX Anti be it further enacted, That in case any militia man shall on his march, or at the place where he shall be

called

i yg&} Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107;

called out to annual exercise, be dlfabled, by sickness or othqr and the ex wise, it shall be lawful for any one justice Of the peace of the ^nc5*p county, riding, or place, or any mayor or plies magistrate of county trea C any city, town, or place where such mn shall then bev by war surer rant under his hand and teal, to orde him such relief as such mayor, Or chief magiftrqfe, (half think reasonable, and the same shall be given by the officers of the parish, tything, or place where stich militiaman shall then be; and the officers giving such relief shall, upon producing an account of the ex ponces thereof to the treasurer of the county, ridings or place for which such militia man shall serve (such account being ffi(t allowed under the hand of a justice of the peace) be reimbursed such expenses by such treasurer, and he shall be allowed the same in his accounts.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That when the militia Justices may shall be called out to be trained and exercised, any justice of the fantsvorvm peace of any county, riding, or place, being the reuntq required preffipg carby n order from the lieutenant, or from any deputy lieutenant, riages for the of such county, riding; or place, or from the colonel, or oth^r militia on U. chief commissioned officer of any regiment, battalion, company, or detachment of ml{itia, being within such county, nding^ oe, .

place, to ifflie his warrant to the chief constables of'hundreds^ rapes, laths, wapentakes, or divisions, or to the constables, tyr thingmen, headboroughs, or other officers of the several parishes, tythings, or places, from, through, near, or to which any such regiment, battalion, company, or detachment of militia shall be ordered to march, requiring them to provide such sufficient carriages to convey the arms, clofhes, accoutrements, powder, match, bullets, and other {lores, with able men fq drive such carriages, as shall be mentioned in the said order; and incase such sufficient carriages and men cannot be provided within any such county, riding, hundred, rape; lath, wapentake, division, parish, tything, or place, then any justice of the peace for any adjoining county, riding, or place, shall, upon such order as aforesaid being shewn unto him, issue his warrant to the chief constables, constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other such officers of any hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, division, parish, tything, or place within such adjoining county, riding, or place, for the purpoffes aforesaid, to make qp such deficiency of carriages and men; and such lieutenant, deputy lieutenant, or colpnel, or other chief commissioned officer, requiring such carriages and men to be provided as aforesaid, shall, at the same time, pay to every such chief constable, constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer, for the use of the person or persons who shall provide such carriages and men, the fuiri of one ^forfua shilling for every mile any wagon with five horses, and any carriages, ^wain with six oxen, or with four x>xen and two horses, shall re spedlively travel, and the sum of nine*pence for every mile any cart with four horses shall travel, and fq in proportion for any carriages drawn by any less number of horses or oxen, for which respective sums every chief constable, constable, tythingman,

896 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. [1786.

headborough, or other officer receiving the same, is hereby required to give a receipt to the person paying the same; and every such chief conftalde, constable, tythingman, headborough, or aether officer, shall order and appoint such person or persons having carriages within their respective hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, parishes, tythings, or places, as they shall think proper, to provide and furnish such carriages and men according to the warrant aforesaid, and every person so ordered is hereby required to provide and furnjih the same accordingly for one if the expense day's journey, and no more; and in case any such chief confta rateto/car es cotlfta*d^s> tythingraen, head boroughs, or other officers, rsage, thecfur be at any charges for such carriages, over and above the plus to be paid money which shall be so received by them as aforesaid, such by the trea overplus shall be born by every county, riding, or place where such additional expence shall be incurred, and be repaid'to them, without fee or reward, by the treasurer of every such county, riding, or place, out of the public flock.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That the colonel or ed out to another commanding officer of every regiment, battalion, and in nual exercise, dependent company of militia, shall, and is hereby required, as (bate thereof often as the regiment, battalion, or independent company (haw be called out to annual exercise as before directed, to return, to the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place to which the same belongs, a true state of such regiment, battahort, or independent company; and in case any such colonel or commanding officer shall refuse or neglect, for six months after the said annual exercise, so to do, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That every militia a^or^absent^ mn (l10* labouring under any infirmity incapacitating him) ing themselves who mall not appear at the time and place appointed for annual J ":  exercise, according to the directions of this acfl (notice having

been published as this at requires), shall be deemed a deserter, and if not taken until after the time of such exercise, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, and also every militia man who, having joined the regiment, battalion, or independent company to which he belongs, shall desert or absent himself during the time of annual exercise, and shall not be taken until after the time of such exercise, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds; and if such penalty shall not be immediately paid, the justice of the peace before whom any such militia man shall be convicted of any such offence shall commit such militia man to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for the space of six months, or until, he shall have paid the said penalty.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any militia man shall desert or absent himself from his duty, and shall not return, or be taken within the space of three months from the time of his so deferring or absenting himself, then upon certificate thereof from the commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or independent company, to the deputy lieutenants at

any

surer of the county, C

When the militia is call

to be sent to the county lieutenant.

Militia men

during the annual exercise, and not taken up till after the exercise, to forfeit sol.

Another man to be ballotted for, if a de ferter does not return f in three months.

Host

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. 897

any of their meetings for the subdivision for which such militia

man was enrolled, such deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, are hereby required to hold a subdivision meeting, and

to proceed to ballot for another person to serve and be returned

to such regiment, battalion, or independent company, in the

room of every such militia man; and in case such militia man Deserters 11a-

shall at any time return or be taken, he shall; notwithstanding jjeirv*

any person shall have been chosen in his room, be compelled to when eve?'

serve in the same manner, and for the same term, as if no per taken up.

son had been so chosen in his room.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person, Substitutes

being sworn and enrolled to serve as a substitute in the militia,

shall afterward desert or absent himself from the regiment, bat thcjr sup talidn, or independent company to which he belongs, every such term, when person shall be liable to, and shall serve as a militia man, in such ever taken up regiment, battalion, or independent company, for and during the full term for which he shall have been enrolled, to be computed from the day on^vhich he shall be apprehended, and shall also be subject to such other penalty or punishment as shall be inflicted upon him for such offence by virtue of this ast 5 and Notice of ap the commanding officer of such regiment; battalion, or independent company, shall cause notice to be given to the clerk of the be sent^o the subdivision for which such person was enrolled, of the day on clerk of the which lie was apprehended, and such clerk shall make an entry subdivision. in the roll of the militia men of the name of such person, and also of the time of his being so apprehended.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That all muskets de Mulketstobe livered for the service of the militia shall be marked distinctly, ^arkei1, in some visible place, with the letter (my and the name of the county, riding, or place, to which they belong; and in case any Penalty on militia man shall fell, pawn, or lose any of his arms, clothes, or ing arms accoutrements, or neglect or refuse to return the same in good order to his captain, or to the person appointed to receive the same, every such militia man shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding three pounds; and if such militia man shall not immediately pay such penalty, the justice of the peace before whom he shall be convicted shall commit him to the house of correction for any time not exceeding three months, or until he shall have paid the said*penalty.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person Penalty on shall knowingly and willingly buy, take in exchange, conceal, buying arms, or otherwise receive any arms, clothes, or accoutrements, bec longing to any militia man, upon any account or pretence whatsoever, contrary to the true intent and meaning of thi&adi, the person so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of five pounds; and if such offender shall not immediately pay such penalty, and shall not have sufficient goods and chattels whereon to levy such penalty, the justice before whom her shall be convicted shall commit him to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for the space of three

898 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. [ 1

months, or shall cause such offender to be publicity whipped at _, the d jfcretlon of such justice -

6 And be it further enacted, That when any i*egi

stoppages to mepst?1b|ttalipn, ot independent company of militia, shall be buy them northeast. sembled for the purpose of being trained and exercised it shall ceflaries, &? be'lavy&l(?qr the captain or commanding officer of every em pany to put the militia men of his company under stopphg^s, riot exceeding sixpence^r day, for the purpose of providing them yirith linen, and also with (lockings and other heceffariefc, and for defraying the expense of repairing any arms which shall have been broken or damaged by any such militia man's fieg fedl: provided always, That every such captain or commanding officer shall account with each militia man for such stoppage, and after having deducted what shall hav e been kid out nd paid for necessaries, and for repairing the arms as aforesaid, shall pay the (urn remaining (if any there shall be,) into the hands of the % militia man to whom the same belongs, before such militia man shall be dismissed from such training and exercise..;

And be it further enacted, That every adjutant, sergeant major, sergeant, corporal, drum major and drummer of the militia, shall be at all times subject to any at which shall be in force for punishing mutirxy and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and to the articles of war, under the command of the colonel, or ( where there is mo colonel) the commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or independent company to which he belongs and it shall be lawful for the colonel, or ( where there is rtp colonel) the commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of militia, to direct the holding of court-martial whenever such regiment or battalion shall be embodied for the purpose of annual exercise, for the trial of any sergeant major, sergeant, corporal, drum major, or drummer of such regiment or battalion, for any offence committed during the time such regiment or battalion was not embodied, but so that no punishment shall extend to the loss of life or limb.

Slants and lxxxlxw And be it further enacted, That any sergeant b^retuced to or corporal of the militia may, by sentence of a court-martial, be reduced to the condition of a private soldier of the militia, to serve as such during any time not exceeding fifteen months; after which time, if not regularly reappointed to the rank of a non commi (honed officer, he shall be discharged from the service,

And be it further enacted, That the arms belonging to every regiment, battalion, and independent company, when not embodied, shall be kept in such convenient place as the colonel, or (where there is no colonel) as the commanding officer shall direct, with the approbation of the lieutenant of the county, riding, or place.,

XCI. And be it further enacted, That one third part at the

least

Adjutants, C taby be tried by a cbyirt fnaftikl % 'r offences chaimftted wfreto thfe militia is not embodied.

serve as privates,

Arms, when not wanted, to be kept in a place to be appointed by the commanding officer.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. s99

least in number of the serjeantfc, corporals,: and drummers, in One third every regiment, battalion, and independent company, hall Con?" of the stantly be residem within the city, town, Ot place where the torefidewhere arms belonging to such regiment, battalion, or, independent the arms are company, are kept, and shall be under the command of the ad? kept, jutant, Who hall ain such command under the orders of the colonel, or (where there is no colonel) of the commanding offif cer of such regiment, battalion, or independent company; and fur of the" that the adjutant, and in the absence of the adjutant the feijeanfc sergeants, etc. major, shall make a monthly return of the true date of the fer to be sent to jeants, corporals, and drummers of the regiment, battalion, cy the county company federally, to the lieutenant of the county, and the lieutciiam* commanding officer of the said regiment, battalion, or company, in default of which, on each such negleds, such adjutant or sergeant major shall be subject to such punishmentas a court mar ger eantfl etc tial shall adjudge; and that no sergeant, corporal, or drummer, agenting 9 shall be absent from such city, town, or place, without a regular themselves furlough From his Colonel, or (where there is no colonel) from without fur the commanding officer; and every sergeant, corporal, and ]ou?hs be drummer, who shall absent himself without such'furlough, shall feert^s. C be liable to be apprehended as a deserter; and such adjutant Adjutant not shall never absent himself from such city, town, or place, with to be absent out leave of the colonel, or (where there is no colonel) of the without leave. Commanding officer of such regiment, battalion, br independent. company: provided nevertheless, That whenever such adjutant ^maats" hall be absent, with such leave as aforesaid, then such sergeants, adjutant in corporals, and drummers, ball be under the command of the his absence. sergeant major, or of some sergeant, who shall be appointed by the said adjutant, with the approbation of the said colonel, or (where there is no colonel) the commanding officer, to a as sergeant major during the absence of such adjutant.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That If any militia man Method of shall not join the regiment or battalion to which he belongs at proceeding the time of annual exercise, or shall desert during the time of mat/on^re annual exercise and hall not be apprehended before the expi ceived of the ration of the time appointed for such exercise, and if the com residence of a manding officer or the adjutant of such regiment or battalion, militia man, or the commanding officer of tyre company of such regiment or ^nuaf*battalion to which inch offender belongs, ball receive tnforma exercise, etc. tien of the place where he shall be or reside, any such commanding officer or adjutant may, by writing under his hand, describe the person of such offender, and also certify that he did not join the regiment or battalion at the time of annual exercise, or that he defected during the time of annual exercise (as the case may be), and send the same, by a sergeant, corporal, or drummer of such regiment or battalion, to the adjutant or sergeant major of the regiment or battalion oft he county, riding, or place, wherein such offender is supposed to be or reside; and the adjutant or sergeant major to whom such certificate shall be sent, shall direct a party of the sergeants, corporals, or drummers of the regiment er battafen to which he belongs, to affiff in apprehending such

Method of

proceeding when fer jeanta, C psferj.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. [1786.

offender, and in conveying him before same justice of the peace of the county, riding, or place wherein such offender shall be apprehended; and if, by his confession. the testimony of any witness or witnesses upon oath, or the knowledge of such justices it (halt appear or be found that such person is guilty of such offence, such adjutant or sergeant major shall order a party of the sergeants, corporals, or drummers under his command, to convey such offender to the headquarters of the regiment or battalion of militia of the next county, riding, or place, in the way to the county, riding, or place to which such offender belongs, and deliver him into the custody of the adjutant or sergeant major of such regiment or battalion, who shall cause him to be conveyed in like manner to the adjutant or sergeant major of the regiment or battalion of the next county, riding, or place, and foin like manner, until such offender shall be delivered into the custody of the adjutant or sergeant major of the regiment or battalion to which he belongs, who shall take him before a justice of the peace, to be dealt with as this act directs in cases of militia men desertingor absenting themselves from their duty; and from the time of his being so apprehended as aforesaid, until. he is brought before such justice of the peace as aforesaid, such offender shall be subsisted at the rate of sixpence per day, from the (locks of the county, riding, or place to which such regiment, battalion, or company belongs, for which subsistence such justice is hereby required to make an order upon the treasurer of the county, riding, or place: and if any sergeant, corporal, or drummer, shall desert from the regiment or battalion to which he belongs, it shall be lawful for any headborough, constable, or other officer, of the town or place where any person who may be reasonably suspected to be such deserter shall be found, to cause such person to be apprehended, and taken before any justice of the peace living in or near to such town or place, who is hereby empowered to examine such suspected person; if, by his confession, or the testimony of any witness or witnesses upon oath, or by the knowledge of such justice, it shall appear or be found that such suspected person is such deserter, such justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the common gaol of the county or place where he shall be found, or the house of correction, or other public prison, in the town or place in or near to which such deserter shall be apprehended, there to remain until he shall be demanded by some person or persons authorised to receive him as herein arter directed, and shall transmit an account thereof to the clerk of, the general meetings of the county, riding, or place, to which such deserter. and the keeper of such gaol, house of correction, or prison, shall receive the full subsistence of such deserter, for his maintenance, during the time he shall continue in his custody, but shall not be entitled to any fee or reward on account of his imprisonment; and such clerk of the general meetings receiving such account shall immediately transmit a copy thereof to the colonel or commanding officer of the regiment or battalion of

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. 901

his county or riding, and also to the adjutant, or other officer commanding the sergeants, corporals, and drummers, of such regiment or battalion, and where there are more than one regiment or battalion, such clerk shall send such copy to all the colonels or other commanding officers of regiments and battalions, and also to all the adjutants, or officers commanding sergeants, corporals, and drummers, within his county or riding; and the colonel, or commanding officer of the regiment or battalion to which such deserter shall be found to belong, or the adjutant, or officer commanding the sergeants, corporals, and drummers of such regiment or battalion, shall, and he is hereby required, immediately on receiving such copy as aforesaid, to send any sergeant, corporal, or drummer, or any party of the sergeants, corporals, or drummers of his regiment or battalion, to the place where such deserter shall be so confined, and shall also send, by such sergeant, corporal, or drummer, or the sergeant commanding such party of sergeants, corporals, or drummers, an order, under his hand and seal, to the keeper of the said gaol, house of correction, or prison, requiring him to deliver such deserter to the person or persons therein named, which he is hereby required to do; and the sergeant, corporal, or drummer, to whom such deserter shall be so ordered to be delivered, in case one only shall be fenton such duty, shall apply to the adjutant or sergeant major of the regiment or battalion of the county, riding, or place, where such deserter shall be so confined as aforesaid, " and such adjutant or sergeant major shall order a sufficient party of the sergeants, corporals, or drummers, under his command, to assisi: in conveying such deserter, and he shall be conveyed to the adjutant or sergeant major of the regiment or battalion to which he belongs, in the same manner as before directed with respect to the conveying of private militia men to the adjutant or sergeant major of the regiment or battalion to which they belong; and such adjutant or sergeant major shall take such deserter before a justice of the peace of the county, riding, or place to which he belongs, who shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the common gaol, house of correction, or other public prison of such county, riding, or place, where he shall remain, without bail or mainprize, until the regiment or battalion to which he belongs shall be embodied for annual exercise or for actual service, (which shall first happen); and the colonel or commanding officer of such regiment or battalion shall then issue an order, under his hand and seal, to the keeper of the gaol, house of correction, or prison, where such deserter shall be confined, requiring him to deliver such deserter to the person or persons therein named, which he is hereby required to do; and such colonel or Desertersmay commanding officer is hereby empowered and required to summon and hold a coun martial for the trial of such deserter, in such manner, and with the same power and authority, as shall be given and directed by any act of parliament which shall be then in force for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; and if upon any

be paid ao3.

oz Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. [1786.

such trial such deserter shall bt found guilty, it shall be lawful; to punish such deserter in such manner as such court-martial shall, in their discrerion, think fit, according to the powers and provisions of such ad, and of the articles of war, but so that no such punishment shall extend to the Joss of life or limb; and all gaolers and keepers of prisons shall (if required so to do by any serjeant, corporal, or drummer, employed in conveying any such militia man, or sergeant, corporal, or drummer, so offending, to the regiment or battalion to which he belongs as aforesaid) receive into their custody, and confine such offender for such time as they shall be respectively so required as aforesaid, Gioiers refit not exceeding twenty-four hours; and every such gaoler or finj? to receive deeper of any prison, shall refuse so to do, shall forfeit the forfevios. ^twenty Shillings; and all such ferjeaots, corporals, and.

Sergeants em drummers, while they are employed in executing such duty as ployed in as aforesaid, shall be bil letted in like manner as sergeants, corporals, ^b6ef^rfers or drummers belonging to his majesty's other forces, employed to^>eteltetted! 1x1 apprehending and conveying deserters, are to be billetted. persons ap*And be it further enacted, That the justice of the prehending peace, before whom any defetter shall be convicted, shall and deserters to may issue his Warrant to the clerk of the regiment or battalion to which such deserter shall belong, or (where there is no clerk) to the commanding officer, requiring such clerk, or such commanding officer, to pay, out of the stock of such regiment or battalion, the sum of twenty Shillings to the person who shall have apprehended such deserter; and such clerk or commanding officer is hereby authorised and required to pay the same accordingly upon demand.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall harbour, conceal, or assist any dqferter, knowing him to be deserters, for fuc^ the person so offending shall forfeit, for every such of C 5 V fence, the sum of five pounds.

His Majesty XCV And be it further enacted, That in all cases of actual may order the invasion, or upon imminent danger thereof, and in all cases of em^died so re^e^ron in furred ion, it shall be lawful for his Majesty (the

cases of inva occasion being sir ft communicated to parliament, if the parlia fion, etc. and orvent shall be then sitting, or declared in council, and notified commanded by proclamation, if no parliament shall be then sitting or in being) to order and direct the lieutenants of the said several counties, ridings, and places, or on the death or removal, or in the < absence from their respective counties, ridings, or places, of any of them, then any three or more deputy lieutenants, with all convenient speed, to draw out and embody all the regiments, battalions, and independent companies of militia within their respective counties, ridings, and places, herein before appointed to be raised and trained, or so many of them as his Majesty shall in his wisdom judge necessary, and in such manner as shall be best adapted to the crrcumstances of the danger, and to put the said forces under the command of such general officers as his Majesty shall be pleased to appoint, and to direct the said forces to be led by their respective officers.into any parts of this king

dou\

Persons concealing, etc.

by general officers, 6tc.

1^86.3 amtio vicesimo III C toy. 903

om, sot the fepeuing attd prevetttion Of any such invasion, and While em

for the ftippreffioo Of any rebellion or insurrection within this aiei ^5

realm o Great Britain $ and the officers, non commissioned articles of C

officer, drummers, and private men of the feverat regiments, war, etc.

battalions, and independent companies Of the militia, shall from the time of th eif being drawn out and embodied as aforesaid,

and 'until they shall be returned again, by his majesty's orders,

to their respective parishes br places of abode, remain under the

Command of such general officers, and during such time as

aforesaid all the provisions contained iti any act of parliament

Which shall be then in force for pun list i ng mutiny and desertion,

and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, shall be in force with respect to the militia, and shall extend to all

the officers, noncommissioned officers, drummers, and private

men of the militia, in all Cases Whatsoever.

XCVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Not to be or neithef the whole, or any part of the militia directed by this q^eatbrita^ act to be raised and maintained, shall on any account be carried, of ordered to go out of Great Britain.

xcvii. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Ma When jetty shall cause the militia to be drawn Out and embodied as hi^ma aforesaid, if the parliament shall then be separated by such ad jetty may issue journment or prorogation Ss will not expire within fourteen a proclama days, his Majesty may and shall issue a proclamation for the tien, for the meeting of the parliament Within fourteen days, and the par ^rlfaoent ill liament shall accordingly meet and (it upon such day as shall be A days, appointed by such proclamation, and continue to sit and aft, in like manner, to all intents and purposes, as if it had flood adjourned or prorogued to the same day.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant of l^aisordered every county, riding, and pice, or (on the death or removal to be called of any such lieutenant, or in his absence from his county, ri out, the ding, or place) any three or more deputy lieutenants, to whom county lieute any such order as aforesaid from his Majesty shall be directed, e, 0^r8to shall issue his or their order to the chief constables, or other offi accordingly, cers, of the several hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions. Within their respective counties, ridings, and places, with directions to forward the same immediately to the constables, tythingmett, headboroughs, or other officers, of the several parishes, tythings, and places, within their respective hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, and divisions, and such cortstablesj tythingftien, headboroughs, or other officers,are hereby required, upon receipt thereof, forthwith to cause notice in writing to be given to the several militia men, or left at their usual places of abode, within their respective parishes, tythings, or places, to attend at the time and place mentioned in such order; and if any militia man so ordered to be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid (not labouring under any infirmity incapacitating him to serve as a militia man) shall not appear and march in pursuance of such order, every such militia man shall be liable to dbe apprehended, and puriiftied as a deserter, ac u cording

904 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. [1786.

cording to the provisions otany at which shall be then in force for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; and if any person shall harbour or conceal.any militia man when ordered out intoadual service, knowing him to be a militia man, every such person shall for, every such offence, forfeit and pay the Aim of five pounds. Militia offi XCIX And be it further enacted, That no officer serving ^hetriai of t^le sit in any court-martial, upon the trial of

officers of the any officer or soldier serving in any of his majesty's other for other forces, ces; nor shall any officer serving in any of his majesty's other forces sit in any court-martial, upon the trial of any officer or private man serving in the militia.

An agent may, C And be it further enacted, That when any regiment, be appointed battalion, or independent company of militia shall be drawn 00*ntoachial service, and during the time they shall contimje he ito take n a<^ua^ service, the colonel, or (where there is no colonel) security. the commanding officer thereof, shall and may appoint an agent to such regiment, battalion, or independent company, and shall take security from such agent; and such colonel, or (where there is no colonel) the commanding officer, shall be and is hereby made subjects and liable to make good all deficiencies that may happen, from the said agent or from himself, upon account of the pay, clothing, or public flock of such regiment, battalion, or independent company.

When the miel And be it further enacted, That when the militia of any litia is ordered county, riding, or place shall be ordered out into actual service, out, the re the receiver-general of the land tax for such county, riding, or otthelandto pace anc s ^ere^y required forthwith to pay, to the cap to pay one tain or other commanding officer of every company of militia so guinea for the ordered out, the sum of one guinea, for the use of every private use of each militia man belonging to his company; and the said receiver-general shall also pay to every captain or other commanding officer of a company as aforesaid the sum of one guinea for every recruit, as early as may be after such recruit shall have joined his company, while out in actual service as aforesaid (all which money so paid by the said receiver-general, shall be allowed him in his account), and the money so received by any captain or other commanding officer (of so much thereof as fuqh captain or commanding officer shall think proper, shall be laid out in the manner he shall think tnoft advantageous for the respective mi

man.

Captains to account with the men for the same.

litia men; and such captain or commanding officer shall, before any militia man of his company receives his discharge, account to such militia man how the said sum of one guinea hath been applied and disposed of, and shall pay the remainder of the money (if any) to the said militia man.

CII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in paid when the case the term of service of any person so ballotted and enrolled terms of fer for any regiment of militia shall be prolonged, as aforesaid, beyond, the term of five years, then and in such case the receiver-general of the land tax for the county, riding, or place, to which such militia man shall belong, shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to pay to the captain, or other commanding officer of each

Bounties to be

vice are prolonged.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. 905

each company respectively, the sum of oneguinea for every person whose term of service shall be so prolonged; and in case such term shall be prolonged for more than three years, then at the expiration of three years he shall pay the like further sum of one guinea for every person whose term shall be it further pror longed 5 and shall in like manner, at the expiration of every additional term of three years, pay the like further V sum of one guinea (all which money so paid by the receiver-general shall be allowed him in his account) $ and the money so received by any captain or commanding officer (or so much thereof as such captain or commanding officer shall think proper) shall be laid out in the manner he shall think most advantageous for each respectivemilitia man; and such captain or commanding officer shall, from time to time, account to such militia man how the said sum or sums have been applied and disposed of, and shall, before any such militiaman receives hisdischarge, pay over to him the remainder of the said money, if any, which shall not have been so applied, disposed of, and accounted for.

CM. And be it further enacted, That, from the date of his Militia embo majesty's warrant for drawing the militia out into actual service, died, entitled the officers and private men of the militia shall be entitled to the to the same same pay, as the officers and private men of his majesty's other othervorces regiments of foot receive, and no other; and if any non com Non commissioned officer or private man of the militia shall be maimed missioned offi or wounded in actual service, he shall be equally entitled to the cer?> Etc: benefit of Chelsea Hospital with any noncommissioned officer or private man belonging to any of his majesty's other forces. tje(i tole be

CIV. And be it further enacted, That when the militia, or nefit of chel any part thereof, having been so drawn out into actual service sea Hospital. as aforesaid, shall be again duly disembodied, and the officers and private men thereof dismissed to return to their several pla t'0liable*qes of abode, the officers, noncommissioned officers, drum only to the mers, and private men, shall be subject to the same orders, di orders they regions, and engagements only as they were subject to under were before the provisions of this al before they were so drawn out into ac rawn ou tual service as aforesaid.

CV. And be it further enacted, That all the powers given, The powers, and provisions made by this act, with respect to the county of etc. given to Northumberland, and the militia thereof, shall extend to the northumber town of Berwick upon Tweed, and the liberties thereof (except ^nd^ber only in such cases where by this act it is otherwise expressly pro Upon " vided for); and that out of the persons returned in the lists for Tweed, etc. the said town of Berwick upon Tweed, a number of private mi and their militia men shall be chosen by ballot to serve for the said town, in of nor the same proportion with the private militia men appointed to thumberland. fervetor the other hundreds, wards, and other divisions within the said county of Northumberland; and if persons can be found within the said town and liberties thereof, with such qualifications as are required for deputy lieutenants and officers, within cities and towns which are counties of themselves, the chief magistrate of the said town of Berwick upon Tweed shall appoint five deputy lieutenant and such number of officers of the militia,

go Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. [1786.

as shall be proportional to the number of militia men which the said townhall raise as their quota, towards the militia of the county of Northumberland; and the lieutenant of the said county, and deputy lieutenants, and all other officers and personss acting in the execution of this act for raising and training the militia within the said county, are hereby authorised and required to put this act into execution within the said town, and the liberties thereof, but subject nevertheless to (beh penalties as are inflicted upon deputy lieutenants and other officers of the militia for acting not being duly qualified 5 and that the militia men to be chosen for the said townhall join the militia of the county of Northumberland and be exercised together, and shall then, and also in time of actual service, be deemed part of the militia of the county of Northumberland,

CVI. And whereas the ordering the militia in the Isle of Wight has always been in the governor or lieutenant governor of the said Governor of island, be it enacted, That after the number of persons which the Isle of the said island is to furnish to the militia of the county of South point the offi ampion shall have been appointed, as by this act is directed, by cers, etc. for his majesty's lieutenant and the deputy lieutenants, or by the that militia, deputy lieutenants of the said county largo, the governor of etc. who are the said island shall appoint the officers of the militia to be raised like those for n the said island, and, shall and is hereby empowered and re wales. quired to ad in the execution of this act, in the same manner as his majesty's lieutenants of counties are hereby impowered and required to ad, and shall appoint five or more deputies to ad with him in and for the said island; deputies and officers of the militia shall be qualified in the same manner, and are hereby empowered and required to ad in the execution of this act in the same manner, and under the same directions, provisions, and penalties, as deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, in the several counties within the dominion of Wales

To be raised a, and deemed a part of, the Southampton militia;

to continue in theisland, unless otherwise ordered by his Majesty. Craike to be deemed part of the North riding of Yorkshire; of Cornwall;

are by this act subject to; and the militia of the said island shall be raised in the same manner as the militia of the county of Southampton, and shall be deemed a part of the militia of the said county; and after the same shall be so raised, the said governor, lieutenant governor, and deputies, shall order and direct the training and exercising the said militia within the said island', in the same manner as his majesty's lieutenants and the deputy lieutenants are by this act authorised and directed to do in any county within that part of Great Britain called England; and the militia so raised within the said island shall be continued and remain within the said island as an internal defence thereof, unless his Majesty shall otherwise order and direct.

EVIL And be it further enacted, That for the several purposes of this act, the constablery of Craike* which is a parcel of the county of Durham, surrounded by part of the north riding of the county of York, shall be deemed to be situate within, and part of the said north riding; and that that part of the parish of Maker, which lies in the county of Cornwall, shall be deemed to be situate within and part of the county of Cornwall; and

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107* 907

that the town and parish of Wokingham shall be deemed to be Wokingham situate within, and patt of the county of Berks and that the ^ybof township of Filey' shall be deemed to be situate within and part rjding of of the east riding of the county of York; and that Threapwood Yorkshire; shall be deemed to be situate within, and part of the parish of Threapwood Worthenbury, in the county of Flint 5 and that the parish of Saint 5^j^ford 3a martin, called Stamford Baron, in the suburbs of the borough ron^f lin and town of Stamford, on the south side of the waters called colnshire> Welland, shall be deemed to be situate within, and part of the county of Lincoln.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several towns and tobefub and places herein before mentioned, and deemed to be situate within, and part of the several counties, ridings and places f^etieute aforesaid, for the purposes of this act, shall be subject to the nants, etc. of jurisdiction and authority of the lieutenants, deputy lieutenants, those coua* justices of the^peaee, and other officers of the respective counties, ties ridings, and places, within which such towns and places are hereby deemed to be situate; any law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

CIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Warden of thing in this act contained shall extend to the tinners in the counties of Devon and Cornwall; but that the warden of the array" e\ctth2 stannaries, in pursuance of his majesty's commission in that be tinners of half, and such as he shall commissionate and authorise under Devon and him, shall have and use the like powers, and array, aflfess, arm, conuvau muster, and exercise the said tinners within the said counties, or either of them, as hath been heretofore used, and according to the ancient privileges and customs of the said stannaries.

CX. And be it further enacted, That the several lieutenants The iieute who are or shall be commissioned for the militia of the city of^ndonto London, shall continue to lift and levy the train bands and aux continue to iliaries of the said city, in manner as heretofore. lift the train

CXI. And whereas the militia of the Tower dtv if on, in the bands. county of Middlesex, commonly known by the name of The Tower Hamlets, is, and always has been, under the command of his ma jejlfs constable of the Tower, or lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets, for the service and preservation of that royal fort; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said constable or lieute The constable nant, from time to time, to appoint his deputy lieutenants, and of the tower to give commissions to a proper number of officers to train and discipline the militia, to be raised within and for the said division pants, etc, for or hamlets, pursuant to an act of the thirteenth and fourteenth the Tower years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act Ham Vs, ac for ordering the forces in the several counties of this kingdom, and t0r&c

to form the same into two regiments, of eight companies each, z\ct^4

in such manner as the said constable or lieutenant hath used to do; and for defraying the necessary charges of trophies, and other incident expenses of the militia of the same division or hamlets, it shall be lawful for the said constable or lieutenant to continue to raise, in every year, the proportion of a fourth part of one month's assessment of trophy money within the said division

90$ Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. [1786.

vrfion or hamlets, in such manner as he hath used to do, by virtue and in pursuance of the said act of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second.

Deputy lieu CXII And be it further enacted, That when and so often anil r as l*eutenant the said Tower Hamlets shall be out of the Unant of the" kingdom, it shall and may be lawful to and for the deputy lieu hamlets is out tenants of the said hamlets for the time being, or the major of the king part of them, assembled at a public meeting to be called for dom. that purpose, to do all acts, matters, and things, relating to

the said militia, of the said hamlets, which might lawfully have been done by the said lieutenant, and the same shall be good Commission, and valid in law, as if done by the said lieutenant; and that no nt dt>bd^th warrant, or appointment, granted or made to any

of the Heute (eputy lieutenant, or other person, of, for, or concerning the nant. militia of the said Tower Hamlets, shall be vacated or become

void by reason of the death or removal of such lieutenant of the said Tower Hamlets.

Constable to appoint a treasurer of the trophy money, who is to account for the same yearly, etc. No trophy money for a succeeding year to be levied, till the account of the former year has been allowed.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said constable of the Tower, or lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets, shall appoint a treasurer of the said trophy money, for receiving and paying such moneys as shall be levied by virtue of the said act of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second; which said treasurer shall yearly account, in writing, and upon oath, for the same to the said constable or lieutenant, or his deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, and which accounts for the same shall be certified to the justices of the peace for the said division or hamlets, at their next general or quarter sessions; and that the said constable or lieutenant shall not issue out warrants for raising any trophy money, until the justices of the peace, or the major part of them, at such sessions, shall have examined, stated, and allowed the accounts of the

trophy money raised, levied, and collected for the preceding year, and certified the same under the hands and seals of four or more of such justices, unless in cases where it shall appear tp such justices that, by reason of the death of such treasurer, or otherwise, such accounts cannot be passed.

Warden of the

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That the warden of the cinque ports, cinque ports, two ancient towns, and their members, and in etc. may a as j^s absence his lieutenant or lieutenants, shall put in execution, within the said ports, towns, and members, all the powers and authorities given and granted by this act, in like manner as lieutenants of counties, and their deputy lieutenants, may do, and shall keep up and continue the usual number of soldiers in thp said ports, towns, and members, unless he or they find cause to lefien the same; and the militia of the said ports, towns, and members, shall remain separate from the militia of the several counties within which the said ports, towns, and members are situate; and it shall be lawful for the said warden, or his lieutenant or lieutenants, in pursuance of orders from his Majesty, in the manner prescribed by the said act of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of King Charles the Second, notwithstanding

lieutenants, etc. of counties may do. Militia of the ports to remain separate from the militia of the counties, and may be called out not with standing the pay advanced may not have been reimbursed, etc.

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 909

withstanding one or mors months pay advanced be not reimbursed, to raise and draw out the soldiers into actual service and to cause the persons charged as by the said act, to provide their soldiers with pay in hand, not exceeding one.monthypay, in such manner as if all the pay advanced and provided had been reitnbursed, and to use the like powers, and to array, assess, and arm, muster, and exercise, the said soldiers, and to make assessments, and issue warrants for the assessments made, or to be made, for raising any trophy money, and for defraying the necessary charges of trophies, and other incident expenses of the militia of the said ports, towns, and members, as hath been heretofore used, and according to their ancient privileges and customs, anything in the said actor this act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXW And whereas, for the different rapes in the counties of Sussex and East Kent, there are no peace officers who can act officially for such rapes: and whereas the rapes in the said counties are the mo ft convenient dislrifts to be appointed as the subdivisions for the deputy lieutenants to execute the federal purposes dir efted by this act, and do contain within their boundaries several hundreds, to each of which there is a peace officer belonging: and whereas the boroughs and tythings over which there are headboroughs, tythingmen, or other peace officers, are uncertain in their boundaries, and often include parts of various parishes, from which great inconveniences arise, both in ballot ting for the men to be drawn by lot for the service of the said militia, and also in the payment of the money directed to be paid by the parishes to those who may be allotted to serve: and whereas it would be more expedient that the ballotling for men to serve in the said militia for the counties of Sussex and Kent Should be by the division of parishes, to which division there are no peace officers: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and churchwar after the last Tuesday in October next, his said majesty's lieute dens and # nant, or on his deatfr or removal, or on his absence, any three Kent andsuf or more deputy lieutenants of the counties of Sussex and Kent fexj to make respectively, shall and may issue out his or their orders to the returns of chief constable of the several hundreds, in the rapes in the said men liable to counties where their subdivisions may^iave been or may be ap [have the pointed, directing such chief constables to issue their precepts to authority the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of each parish hereby grant within their respective hundreds or other divisions, to return to ed to confta the deputy lieutenants within their respective subdivisions, at er the place and on the days by them directed, fair and true lists, p C 3 in writing, of the names of all the men usually duelling within their respective parishes, between the ages of eighteen and fortyfive, disttnguishing their respective ranks and occupations, and for such several other purposes as are^by this act directed to be done and performed by the constables, tythingmen, headbo rough, or other officer of each parish, tything, or place, within their respective hundreds or other divisions; that the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the several parishes in the said counties for whom such orders shall be issued, shall,

pi Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. [1786.

for the purposes of this act, be deemed the officers of such parish, and shall be invested with all the powers and authorities, and be liable to the several pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as the constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer of any - parish, tything, or place, are subject and liable to, for or upon

account of his refusing or neglecting to return such lists as aforesaid, or being guilty of fraud or wilful partiality, in making thereof, or not attending the orders issued by his majesty's lieutenant, or any three deputy lieutenants, respectively, or for the several other offences in the said recited act, or in the present act. contained,

CXVI. And whereas it may happen, through neglect or other wise, that infeme county or place the militia way not be raised, according to the directions of this act; and it is just and reasonable that all his Majestys subjects should contribute equally toward the expense of raising and, supporting a militia for the defence of the kingdom; be it therefore

Certified re further enacted, That the lieutenant, or any three deputy lieu mnit1aj: o be te*lants5 every county, riding, and place, where the militia annually sent shall be raised, according to the directions of this act, shall, on to the clerks or before the twenty-fifth day of December, in every year, transmit a certificate to the clerk of the peace, containing an 0 e e ' account of the names, number, and rank of the officers, and the number of private men of the militia, in that year, and the time during which such militia hath been trained and exercised; every such elerk of the peace dial] deliver such certificate to the justices of the peace, at their general quarter session to be held next after the twenty-fifth day of December, in every year on the day on which such session mall be opened, and the same Where no shall be filed amongst the records of such session; where no received^the8 certificate shall be received by the clerk of the peace as same is to be aforesaid, he shall certify the same under his hand and seal to certified by the justices so assembled, and such certificate of the said clerk of the clerk of the pace shall be filed by him amongst the records of such the peace. session.

5l. per man

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That in every county for thermal ancj pjace where no such certificate shall be transmitteid to the ed^tobeaffef cerf the peace as aforesaid, the sum of five pounds shall be fed annually annually paid for and in lieu of every private militia man by on places this at directed to be raised within the same county or places fjr f1 Thence and the justices of the peace shall and are hereby requited, at turne^efent. their^general quarter session, to rate and assess the sum of*five pounds per man as aforesaid upon every such county or place in such manner, and according to such and the same proportions, upon every town, parish, and division within such county or place, and the same shall be levied, collected received, paid, and accounted for in such manner, and by such ways and means, and with such powers of distfess, and other remedies for enforcing the collection and payment thereof, and for punishing all persons whose duty it shall be to collect or account for the same, who shall make default therein, as are directed with respect to county rates by an act

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 10f. 911

made in the twelfth year of the reig^i of his late Majesty, intituled An act for the easy assesstngyjx I fatting, and levying ef xoutrty rates, or by any other a or as of $athament: provided al No person ways, That no person residing or having an estate within any such county or placfc, who shall have served as an officer in any8 ?n officer body of tnilitia raised within this kingdom for the space of four to bear any*years, or who shall be then actualfy serving as an officer in the part of the militia, shall be liable to pay any part or share of such rate or: assessment to be made as aforesaid, provided such person shall mcn*have delivered a Certificate of such service to the clerk of the peace for the county or place wherein he shall claim such exemption, and also a roll or list of his tenants, and the places of their abode; which Certificate, and roll or list, shall be signed by such person, grid every such clerk of the peace shall forthwith file such certificate, roll, and lift, amongst the records of the quarter sessionand whenever the said rate or assessment shall be ordered to be raised within such county or place, such clerk of the peace shall certify to the high constables of every such county or place the names of ali persons whose certificate shall have been so filed, and who shall have claimed such exemption as aforesaid, and the names of their tenants, 'so inserted iti such roll or list, and such high constables ar hereby required to trarifmk such certificate, and roll or list, to the petty constable of every township or place wherein the lands, tenements, or hereditaments of such person claiming to bt exempted are situate, in order that the fable may not be assessed or charged to such rate or assessment.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where How the af a certain number of militia men are directed to be raised for feftment shall any chunty, together with any city or town being a county of^between itself, and the militia shall riot be raised for such county and counties, and city, or town, the payment of the said sum of five pounds per cities being man upon the whole number of militia men so directed to be counties of raised as aforesaid shall be divided and apportioned between ^emfdves. such county, and such city or town, in such proportion as the respective quotas paid to the land tax for such county, and city or town, respectively bear to each other, unless the apportionment of the number of such militia men shall actually have been made in pursuance of the lists directed to be returned by this ain which case the said sum of five pounds per man shall be born by such county, and by such city or town, in such proportions as the respective numbers of militia men, so apportioned to be raised by such county, and by such city or town, bear to each other.

CXIX. And whereas there are several cities, towns, and places, which do not contribute to the payment of the said rate called The County Rate; and doubts may arise whether such cities, towns, and places tan be legally rated or assessed towards the payment of the rate or assessment to be laid in pur fiance of this att; be it therefore enacted, Thait ift all cases where the militia shall not be raised Where there within any city, fdtfri* or place; not rated to the county rate,

Q 0 0 2. the ra es 

giz Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. [1786.

feflment to be the proportion of the said sum of five pounds per man, to be

roorv rates brne by such city, town, or place, shall be raised, levied, and poor 8 ra s c0]je(c^e^ within such city, town, or place, by a separate rate or

assessment, in like manner, by the churchwardens and overseers of the poor, and by such and the like ways and means as the rates for the relief of the poor can or may be raised, levied, and collected, and such churchwardens and overseers of the poor shall, from time to time, pay over the same to the treasurer of the county with which such city, town or place shall be joined or united for the purpose of raising the militia.

Where a town CXX Jnd whereas there are some towns which lie in Wjo coun-

countie8v<the ties; doubts may arise whether such towns are obliged to pay to money aflef both counties towards raising the said money \ be it therefore fur fed to be paid there enacted, Thatwhere any town lies in two counties, the to thetreasur* proportion of the said money to be paid for such town, in lieu unt^c of raising the militia as aforesaid, shall be paid to the treasurer wherein the of the county wherein the church of such town is situate. churchstands, CXXI And be it further enacted, That if any sum of money iftheaffelt which ought to be paid by any city, town, or place, not rated ment for a to the county rate as aforesaid, shall not be paid to the treasurer there areo county or place as aforesaid, before the first day of June,

county rates 'n every year, the justices of the peace for such county or place be not paid, it shall, at their next Midsummer quarter session, issue out an order may be levied to the overseers of the poor of every parish or place within such by the justices, c*lty5 tqvvrij or plac^ requiring such overseers to certify and return to the said justices, at the next Michaelmas quarter session, the several quotas that every parish or division within such city, town, or place, pays to the land tax for that year, and such overseers of the poor are hereby required to make such certificate and return accordingly < and upon such certificate and return being made, the said justices so assembled at their Michaelmas quarter session are hereby required (by their warrant directed to any constable or tythingman of every such parish and division) to cause the same to be levied by distress and say of the goods and chattels of the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of every such parish and division, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owners of such goods and chattels, after such money, and the reasonable charges attending such distress and Sale, shall be folly paid and satisfied; and all such churchwardens and overseers of the poor shall be reimbursed the money so levied on them respectively by the same ways and means as overseers of the poor are reimbursed the money by them expended for the relief of the poor, by the laws now in being. i '

Treasurer to CXXII And be it further enacted, That the treasurer for pay the afieffi every county or place, who shall receive the said sum of five pounds per man as aforesaid, or any part thereof, is hereby re the^and tax ftuired to pay the money he shall so receive to the receiver for the coun general of the land tax for such county or place, within one ca ty lendar month after he shall receive the same; and every receiver-general

of the land tax; to whom any such money shall be paid,

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. foi'. 913'

shall give a receipt for such money to the person or persons paying the same, which receipt shall be a sufficient discharge for such payment; and that when' the whole sum directed to be raised in any county or plate as aforesaid shall be paid into the hands of the receiver-general of the land tax, in pursuance of this act, such payment shall be a full discharge and indemnification to such county or place for the failure or neglect in the raising and training of the militia for the year in respect whereof such payment shall be made; and every such receiver-general Receiver ge shall, within ten days after the receipt of any such money, cer |?eraj to certify such receipt to the lord high treasurer or commissioners of [hereof tole his majesty's treasury, and forthwith pay the same into the re treasury, and ceipt of his majesty's exchequer at Westminster; and the money pay the mo so paid into the exchequer shall be kept separate and apart from ney into the all other money, and shall be accounted for yearly to parlia exc "ecluer* ment and disposed of as parliament shall direct, and no see or gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid to any officer of the exchequer for or on account of receiving or issuing any such money; and the high treasurer, or the of of the Afalarymav treasury, is or are hereby authorised to allow to the receiver be allowed the general of any such county or place, upon the clearing of his receiver accounts, such salary or reward, for his pains and trouble in receiving and paying in such money, as the said high treasurer or of shall think proper, not exceeding twopence, in the pound for so much money as he shall pay into the exchequer in pursuance of this ach

CXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That County trea the treasurer of every county or place, as a recompense for his furertodetain pains and trouble in collecting, receiving, and paying the mo thenione* ney to be raised in every such county or place as aforesaid, shall e recdves^ be allowed the sum of one penny in the pound upon the whole and to pay a sum so by him received and paid; which allowance every suchlike sum to treasurer is hereby authorised to detain in his hands out of the ^l^s^&c^on money so received by him before payment made to the receiver money  general as aforesaid; and every high constable, petty constable'are con churchwarden, and overseer of the poor, who shall aclin the cernedincol* raising and collecting of the said money, shall respectively be allowed and paid by such treasurer, as a recompense for their trouble therein, the sum of one penny in the pound of all such money, in the raising and collecting whereof they shall respectively act as aforesaid; and such treasurer is hereby authorised and required to deducfc the same out of the money so received by him as' aforesaid, and to pay the respective proportions thereof to such high constables and other officers aforesaid,

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the clerk of the clerks of the peace for every county or place shall and is hereby required, mit^copie^of within fourteen days next after the general quarter session of certified re the peace to be held next after the twenty-fifth day of December turns to the yearly, to transmit to the lord high treasurer, or the commis treasury, etc, (toners of the treasury, and also to the receiver-general of the tend for such county or place, a copy, signed by such clerk

of

914. Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107. [1786.

oath peace, of every certificate which be shall have received from the lieutenant, or any thijee deputy liqptenants of suck county or place a aforesaid; aid. where suchj eertidcate shall be omitted to be. delivered, the clerk of tile peace shall certify such. omiffiod tp, the lord high treafprer, or to the of of the ti; eafury, and also to the receiver-general of the land tax, and that such clerk of the peace hath certified the same to the justices at such general quarter session, and required such justices to proceed according to thp directions of tlji&ad; and such:clerk of the peace shall also certify what proceedings have been, had at such general quarter session, m relatjpn.to the affdsing; and raising the said rnopey, where the militia shall not have been raised 3 and in cafp such justices (hal omit, neglect, or refiufe to proceed to raise the said ipopey according to the dirediopa of this act, then the clerk of the peace of fqch county or place shall, and he is hereby required, within fourteen days next after and to certify ftjch general quarter session of the peace, tp certify to the soli iuft?^ttothe clt0*of the such omission neglect, or refusal, of such

iolidtor of the justes, the names of the judices who shall be present at treasury. session; and thefplicitor of the treafufy is hereby required, on receipt of fuclv certificate, forthwith tp proceed, by all such lqgal ways and means as shall be moil effectual and expeditious, to qompfl such justices tq pay due obedience to this, ad, and to c^use the said money, to bp raised, collected, and paid.

Solicitor of CXXJM? And be it furthpr; eroded, That if the said futn ofi the treasury five pounds per man, to be raised and p^id ini any fitch county. t -- poehhe or place as aforesaid, shall npt be levied, collected and paid into

thp pvrlipmipr in mannpr n hpfnrp /vu*p*qp<4 ship, fruir itrvr,

affinmen ts.

Pen alt neglei

on

of

neral, C,

exchequer, in manner hereinbefore directed, the solicitor of the treasury is hereby required forthwith, upon knowledge or infonp^tipft thereof, to proceed by all, such legal ways and means asr'shall bek most effectual and expeditious, to compel the levying and cohering of such rponey, and the paymen| thereof' intp thp exchequer as aforesaid.

cxxvi. And be ibfurther enacted, That if any clerk of the.

shall refuse, or wilfq]jy'neglect to receive, deliver, file,

duuin.qkrks

or transmit any such certificates, as, aforesaid, receivertge according to the dirediops and true meaning of this act every*- such clerk of the peace, so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, andtfhaft ajio forfeit his office, and be rendered incapable of having, receiving, or holding any office of trust, civil or military, under the crown; and if any receiver-general of the land tax, treasurer, chief constable, petty constable, or other officer, who ought to ad and assist in the raising and colledingpf. the said. money, shall wilfully omit, or neglect pc refuse to ad'and assist therein according to the direction and true meaning of this act every such receiver-general or treasurer, so offending, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of two hundred pounds 3 and every such chief constable, so offending, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds; and[ every such jpcity constable and pilier officer, so offending shall

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii IIII C toy. q

for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds: and the folieitor of the treasury shall and is hereby required, with all due diligence to prosecute with effect all such justices of the peace, receivers general of the land tax, treasurers, andt other officers, who shall omit, negkft, or refuse to perform the duty required of them respectively by this act, touching the racting, collecting, and paying of the said money; and in case the folieitor of the treasury shall wilfully omit or delay to proceed against any Rich justices of the peace, receivers general of the land tax, treasurers, or other officers aforesaid, he shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the provisions of Provisiona of an act passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late*44\efwt majesty King George the Second, entitled, 4n for the ren ing justices, to dering justices of the peace more safe in the execution of their office extend to and for indemnifying constables and others aft ing in obedience to their county lieu warrants, shall extend to all his majesty's lieutenants, and to t^nant^etc* all deputy lieutenants acting in the execution of this act, or? any other act relating to the militia, in like manner, and as fully and effectually as the same extend to justices of the peace acting in the execution of their office.

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the acceptance Commissionf of a commission in the militia shall not vacate the seat of any {o^cat^feats member returned ter serve in parliament; and that no person in parliament, being an officer of the militia shall be compelled to serve the nor officers office of ffieriff. " liable to serve

CXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no offi seri' cer of the militia or private militia man, shall be liable to any punfffiable'for penalty or punishment for or' on account of his absence during absence while the time he shall be going to vote at any election of a member going to an to serve in parliament, or during the time he shall be returning election, C from such election.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That no sergeant, cor Militia men poral, or drummer of the militia, nor any private man, from the seas peace time of hisenrolment, until he shall be regularly discharged officers, etc, from the militia, shall be compelled to serve as a peace officer or parish officer, or to perform any highway duty, commonly called Statute work) or to serve in any of his majesty s sea forces.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That every person hav Married mili* ing served in the militia when drawn out into actual service, j ptrses being a married man, may setup and exercise any trade in any n any town, town or place within Great Britain, without any let, suit, or cas soldiers moleftatien, of or from any person or persons whomsoever, for my u^der or by reason of using or exercising such trade, as freely, and^44, *'

with the same provisions, and under the same regulations, and with the like exception "in respect to the two universities, as any mariner or soldier can or may do by virtue of an act passed in the twenty second year of his late majesty's reign, intituled An act to enable fmh officers mariners, and Joldieru as have been in his

How penalties are to be recovered, and bow applied where

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 107; f 1786.*

Majestyh feervice fence his actefefeon to the thromy to exercise trades; and.'no such militia man shall be liable to be removed out of any u; b town or place, until he is become chargeable to the pariflv

\ CXXXII And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this act imposed, which shall exceed the fudiof twenty pounds, shall be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, dr information, in any of his majesty's courts of not otherwise record at Westminster* or the courts of great session in the prin this^ft.6^c^pa^es Wales, or the courts of the counties palatine; of* Chester Lancaster^ and Durham (as the case, shall require),

wherein no essoin, privilege, protection, wager of law, or more than one inpparlance, shall be allowed; and that all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this act imposed, which shall not exceed the sum of twenty pounds, shall, on proof upon oath of the offence before any justice of the peace of the county, riding, or place, where the offence shall be committed, be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus (if any) on demand, after deducting the charges of such distress and sale, to the person whose goods and chattels shall have been so dlftrained and sold; and for want of sufficient distress such justice isrhereby required, in all cases where no particular time of commitment is herein before directed; commit such offender, to the common gaol of the county, riding, or place, where the offence shall have been committed, for any time not exceeding three months, and the money arising by all such fipes, penalties, and forfeitures, the application whereof is not otherwise particularly directed by this act, shall be paid to the clerks, or (where there are no clerks) to the commanding officers of the respective regiments, battalions, or other bodies of militia of the respective, counties, ridings, or places, where such offences shall have been respectively committed, and shall be made part of the public stock of such regiments, battalions, or other bodies of militia respectively.

No order of CXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no order or county lieu conviction made by any lieutenant of any county, riding, or to^removed p^ace' or by, any two or more deputy lieutenants, or by any one {?/ Cenioxari. depxjty lieutenant, together with any one justice p the peace, or by any justice or justices of the peace, by virtue of this act shall be removed by Certiorari out of the county, riding, division, city, town, or place, wherein such qrder or convictiofl was made, iqto any court whatsoever; and that po writ of qertior.ari (Inal! supersede execution or other proceedings, upon any such order or conviction so made in purfuaqce of this act, "'but that execution and other proceedings shall be had and madp

thereupon; any fu?h writ pr yprits, or allowance thereof, notwithstanding, -

cf CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any action ai; us. shall be brought against any person or persons, for anything

{1 " done in purigapce of this act, such ^ftion pr suit shall be commenced

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. (l107* 917

within six months next after the committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the county or place where the cause of complaint did arise, and not elsewhere 5 and the defendant or defendants in every such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in General issue. evidence at any trial to be had thereupon: and if the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their action or suit, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if upon demurrer judgement.shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and have the like remedy for the Treble costs same, as any defendant hath in other cases to recover costs by law,

' CXXXV And be it further enacted and declared, That all AH former former acts of parliament relating to the militia of this king militia ap dom (except only such acts as relate to the militia of the city ceptathofec*" of London, the militia of the Tower Hamlets, and the militia of relating to the Cinque Ports, and the two ancient towns, and their mem London, etc. bers) shall be, from the twenty-fourth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six, and they are hereby repealed; and that the militia raised by virtue of such of the said former acts as are hereby repealed, shall be subject to the provisions and regulations contained in this act in like manner as the militia to be raised by virtue of this act are subjected thereto.

CXXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That But not to the repealing of the said acts shall not annul or in anywise effect and coin any commission of lieutenancy, or any other commission al ^ady erahted ready granted, by virtue or under the authority of the said under them, former acts, or any of them, but that the several persons to where the*whom such commissions have been granted shall and may ad, parties are in the execution of this act, in like manner as they might have acted in the execution of the said former acts, in case this act*had not been made: provided nevertheless, That no person shall act in the execution of this act as deputy lieutenant, or as colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, or captain, by virtue of any commission already granted as aforesaid, unless he is qualified as herein before is directed, and also unless he has delivered, or shall deliver in a certificate, containing a specific description of his qualification, to the clerk of the peace, according to the fliredions of this act, anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding; also, That all proceedings Proceedings of general and subdivision meetings which have been held un of meetings der and according to the former laws relating to the militia, for^era&s shall be good, valid, and effectual; and such further subdivision to be valid meetings as have been ordered and directed by the last general meetings of the lieutenancy, within the respective counties, ridings; and places, shall be held according to such orders and fliredions, and shall be deemed to be subdivision meetings held pursuant to the diredinns hereinbefore contained.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 108. [1786.

[Preamble.]

19 Geo. a. C j

V

CAP. CVIII.

An act for explaining, amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the several acts passed for more effectually preventing the fraudj and abuses committed in the admeafufement of coals within the city and liberty of Westminder, and that part of the duchy/lancaftr adjoining thereto, and the several purifbes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such part of the parish of Saint Andrew holborn, as lies in the county fl/' Middlesex.

WHEREAS, by an act passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late majesty, King George the Secondsintituled, An act more effectually to prevent the frauds and abuses committed in the admeasurement of $oals within the city and liberty of Westminster, and that part of the duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields Saint Mary le Bon, and such part of the parish of Saint Andrew. Holborn, as lies in the county of Middle fete, it was, amongst other things, enatfei. That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and forty six, there Should be and continue, within the city and liberty of Westmin ftejy0/7 public office which Should be. called by the name of The Land coal metres: Office for the City, and Liberty of Westminster; which said office fhmld, from time to time, be managed by two fiersons, to be nominated and appointed by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and Should h called and known by the name The principal.land coal metres for the City and Liberty of Westminster; which act was to continue in force for three years, and to the end of the then next session of parliament: and whereas his aid late Majesty did appoint Thomas Paulin merchantand William? Arnold ftfhmonger^ to be.principal coal metres for the city and liberty 0/Westminster aforesaid, and afterwards, by his grant or letters patent under the great fial of Great Britain did grant unto the said Thomas Paulin and; William Arnold, the saidland coal metres office for the city: and liberty o/weft minster .^ and to hold the said office unto them the said Thomas Paulinand William, amolajointly and severally, together with all powers, privileges, advantage and emoluments thereunto belonging, and as are granted in and by the said recited act for and during his Majesty's royal will and pleasure: and whereas the said office t of principal coal metres hath been held, from time to time, by persons appointed thereto by his fold late Majesty and his present Majesty, and John Paulin and John Arbuthnot are now the principal land coal metres for the city and liberty of Westminster, and other places aforesaid, and such office hath been granted to them, the said John Paulin and John Arbuthnot by his said. present Majesty, by his letters patent under the great seal of Great Britain: and whereas the said recited act of the nineteenth year of the reign f his said late Majesty, was continued by several subsequent acts, passed in the twenty-third, twenty fourth, thirty frfi, and thirty second years of the same reign, and was amended by the of fab act, and, by and ft passed in the

9

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 108. 9*9

sixth year of the reign of fris prefenp Myefly, was, fabjeft to such amendments, farther continued, and mas alfa explained and farther amended; and, by an act passed in the twenty fir(i year of the reign* c^tinuin^1 of his said present Majesty, the said far mer acts were further continued former acts to until the twenty fourth day of June which will be in the year of our June4 Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety five, and from thence to th end of t he then next session of parliament, and a further amend mnt was made with respect to same of the>provisions contained in the said act of the twentyrthirdyeor offas [aid, late Majesty: and whereas the said acts have: bjenfamd ufafaland beneficial, but they might be rendered much more fa if the same were further explained and amend ed, and proper provisions made for obviating mischiefs and abuses which were not foreseen nor sufficiently provided again $ the said acts would more effefinally anfvuen the purposes thereby intended, and might be more easily understood. and better executed if the same were comprised in one, aft'of parliament: may it therefore pljeafe your Majesty that it; may be enacted $ be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritu^l and temporal aodqommpns, in this present parliament assembledfc and by, the authority of the same That, Land coal frion) and after the twenty-fourth day, of Jufyi one thousand fe ^eprodded ven hundred and eighty six, there; fl)au be provided, and conn westmiu tinuedj within the city and liberty of Westminster, one public fter. office, which feast be oajled by the nam of The Land coal metres Office for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and hall.be lpanaged by the fai& John Paulin and John Arbuthnot, or in case, of their death cm removal, byfuefi other two persons as shall, from time to time, he nominated and appointed by his Majesty, his heirs and successors: which said John Paulin and John Arbuthnot, or such, other two person? fp to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, shall be calied: and known by the title of The Principal Land. coal metres for the city and Liberty of West Their title minster; and such office shall, during the continuance of this act, be kept open every day. [Sundays from the twenty Office hours

fifth day of March to the twenty-ninth day of September yearly, from the hour of five in the morning till nine in the evening, and from the twenty-ninth day of September to the twenty-fifth day of March, yearly, from the hour of six in the morning' nil six in the evening.

II. And it is hereby enacted and declared by the authority Juices to as aforesaid, That, in all cases, where apy jpftice or justices of the ^h^&c peace is or are by this act authorised to examine any person or ,persons on oath or affirmation, it shall be lawful for such

justices respectively to administer such oath, and take such affirmation,

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Principals to That no person or persons, who shall hereafter be appointed be fwonu one of the principal land coal metres, shall be capable of acting

as such until he or they shall, before two or more of his majesty's wftice$ of the peace for the said. city apd liberty of Westminster (who

The oath.

Principals to appoint labouring coal b&eters.

Their fia tio m.

They are to be sworn.

labouring metres oath.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. io.

[1786.

(who are hereby authorised and required to administer the" fatne) take an oath or affirmation in the words following; to wit,

I A.B. do wear, [or, being of the people called Quakers, do solemnly affirm], 'That I will truly and faithfully, according to the best of my judgement and ability, execute the office of one of the principal land, coal metres for the city and liberty of Westminster, and for that part of the duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and for the several parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon and for such part of the parish of Saint Andrew Hoi born j as lies in the county of Middlesex.

So help ms GOD.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said principal land coal metres, or any one of them, and they, or any one of them, are and is hereby authorised, directed, and required, to appoint from time to time a sufficient number of persons to be labouring coal metres, within the limits of this act; one or more of which said labouring coal metres shall attend every day Sundays excepted) at such of the coal wharves, warehouses, or other places of sale, within the limits aforesaid, at which he or they shall be stationed by the principal land coal metres or any one of them, during the continuance of this act, at such time as is required by the wharfinger or dealer in coals where such metre or metres is or are stationed, to measure out, or see measured, the coals which shall from time to time be sold at any of the said wharves, warehouses, or places where such labouring coal metres shall be so stationed as aforesaid.'

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall be capable of acting as one of the labouring coal metres to be appointed as aforesaid, until he shall, before one or more of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said city and liberty of Westminster (who is and are hereby authorised and required to administer the same), take and subscribe an Oath or Affirmation in the words or to the effect following; to wit,

I A.B. do swear, [or, being of the people called Quakers, do

solemnly affirm], That I will duly and faithfully, to the best of my fkih and knowledge, execute the office of one of the labouring coal metres for the city and liberty of Westminster, and for that part of the duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and for the several parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and for such part of the parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, asx lies in the county of Middlesex; and that I will truly and impartially measure, or see measured, all coqls between buyer andfeller > without favour or hatred

So help me GOD

ind the said justice or justices respectively, who shall administer

the

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 108. gzt

the oaths or take the affirmations by this act directed, is and are Justices to hereby required to certify the same to the next general quarter ^jto/af sessions of the peace to be held for the said county of Middle firmation/ sex, after the taking of such oaths or affirmations respectively, there to remain on record.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au Metres not to thority aforesaid, That if the said principal land coal metres or

coal metre, or any of the persons to be employed under them ^1^ ae 0 or him, shall at any time or times hereafter, during their or his respective continuance in their or his office or employment aforesaid, be directly or indirectly interested or concerned in the fate of any coals whatsoever, every such principal land coal metre so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the Turn of one hundred pounds, and such labouring coal metre respectively shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds, and such labouring coal metre, being thereof convicted before the said court of quarter sessions, shall be dismissed from his or their said respective office or employment, and be for ever disabled from holding or executing the same, or any other, under this act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon notice in writ pe.na!fy on

ing, or otherwise, being given to any of the said labouring coal to"

metres, or left at the said principal land coal meter's office, for send a la*labouring coal metre or metres to attend at any wharf within bouring coal the limits of this act, to be named in such notice, in order to metre, and oa measure, or see measured, the coals of the person giving the no coa^meters tice, such labouring coal metre or metres shall attend, pursuant not attending to such notice, within the space of one hour from the time gf on notice, giving the same, or sooner if possible, and do his or their duty according to the intent and meaning of this act; and, in case of

neglect or refusal to attend accordingly, such labouring coal metre or metres shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty Shillings each, and the principal land coal metres or coal metre, neglecting to send such labouring coal metre or metres as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the like sum of twenty Shillings.

VIII. And, in order to prevent confederacy, be it enacted, That Stations of the stations to be appointed to and for the labouring coal metres j^etera to be shall be frequently varied by the principal land coal metres or varied, coal metre, or the persons or person executing the office of principal land coal metre, in such manner as they or he shall think fit.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all coals which, from and after the said twenty-fourth day Coals to be of July, shall be sold as and for wharf measure, at any place or measured in places within the limits of this act, shall be measured in the pre

of one of the said labouring coal metres, in such manner metre. 5 as is directed in and by an act passed in the sixteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, entitled.

An affor regulating the measurey and prices of cools 5 and the said 16 & 17 Car. labouring coal metres shall and may, and are hereby respectively

authorised

22

coal metres see, 4d, per chaldron, to be paid by seller.

Tickets to be delivered to the seller or carman.

Contents of the tickets.

Tickets to be delivered by labouring metre to carman, and by him to the consumer.

Consumer to repay metage to the seller. Penalty on labouring coal metres neglecting to deliver ticket to the carman;

and on the carman altering it, etc.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. t9 io.

[1786.

authorised and required to fill up any bushel or bushels of coals that Stall appear to him of Them to be deficient or wanting in measure, out of the stock of coals of the person or persons vending or contracting for the sale of the said coals.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That fourpence by the chaldrota ft every chaldron of coals which, from and after the said twteftty foutth dky of July, shall be fofd and delivered at any wharf, wftrehmafe, or place within the limits of this act, shall be paid by the person who keeps the wharfj warehouse, or place where such coats are carted, from dr by the seller of such coals to the principal land coal metres or coal fneter for the time being as a recommence for their or his labour and trouble, and for defraying the charges of clerks, messengers, house relit, fife candles, and all other expenses incident to the execution of the office aforesaid, and for the hire of the labouring coal metres; and thereupon such principal land coal metres or coal metre shall, and they and he are and is hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, to every seller of such coals, or the carman who shall cart, lead, drive, or carry away the same, a paper, writing, or ticket, signed by one of the said principal land coal metres, and countersigned by the labouring coal metre attending and delivering the same, in which shall be contained as well the christian and surname of the respective sellers as of the confutners of the said coals, the quantity, and day of the week month, and year of the delivery and admeasurement, the amount of the metage Charge, and the names of the carmen or persons employed to Cart, lead, drive, or carry the same coals; and also (Trail contain a notice to the purchaser or purchasers of the said coals, that if he, (lie, or they is or are diflatisfted with the measure thereof such dissatisfaction must be expressed to the carman before any part thereof is (hot or unladen from the said cart; which said ticket being thus made compleas, and metage paid, shall be delivered unaltered, by the labouring coal metre countersigning the same, without delay, to the carman or person employed to cart, carry, drive, or lead the coals described in such ticket to the consumer therein named; which said ticket, unaltered, the carman, or person therein named, to be employed to cart, carry, lead, or drive the coals in such ticket described, shall, and he is hereby required to deliver to the respective cohfumers therein named, or to their agent or fefvant, who shall attend to receive the coals described in such ticket, for the use of such consumer; and thereupon he, (he, and they are hereby required to pay to the seller, named in such ticket the metage therein specified; if the labouring coal metre countersigning such ticket, shall, after payment of the metage charge in pursuance of this act, refuse or neglect to deliver such ticket, as hereinbefore directed, to the carman, or person employed to cart lead, drive, or carry the coals therein described* such labouring coal metre shall for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty Shillings; and jf such carman or person employed to cart carry, lead or drive the

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 108., 913

coals described in such ticket shall, after the same ticket shall have been so delivered to him by the labouring coal metre cun terfigning the same, either alter, or neglect or refuse to deliver live same ticket to the^consumer therein named, or to the agent or servant who shall attend to receive the coals described in such ticket, such carman or person employed to cart, lead, or drive the coals described in such ticket, shall likewise forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of ten shillings.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty on

That if any cart or carts loacted, or in which any quantity coast

coals exceeding seventeen bushels shall be sent or driven from unmeasured, any wharf, warehouse, or place situate within the limits of this or without a abl, without having been measured under the inspection of the ticket.

said principal land coal metres or coal metre, or of such labouring coal metre, or without having first obtained such ticket as aforesaid, that then and in every such case the vender of the said coals, being convicted thereof by the oaths (or, being of the people called jquakers, by affirmation) of two or more witnesses, before one or more of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said county of Middlesex, or city and liberty of Westminster, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum or ten pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Sacks not to

That, from and after the twenty-fourth day of July, one or

thousand seven hundred and eighty*fix, no sacks to be made use which hall offer the carriage of coals, within the limits of this act, which not be full shall not be full four feet four indies in length, and full twenty-four feet six inches in breadth, after they are made, shall be sealed or

marked at any office or offices, or by any officer or officers ap inches broad, pointed, or to be appointed, for the purpose of sealing and marking such sacks, by any law now in being respecting the same.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore Dimertfions of said. That if any wharfinger or carrier of coals shall, at any time to be

or times hereafter during the continuance of this act, make use u e*of any sack or sacks for the carrying of coals, within the limits of this act, of less dimensions than four feet in length, and two feet in breadth, or shall wilfully make, or procure to be made or used, any false bushel or other measure, and be convicted thereof by the oaths (or, being of the people called j$htakers9 by affirmation) of two or more credible witnesses, before one or more of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said county of mid dksex, or city and liberty of Westminster^ he shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore. Penalty 6n said. That if any wharfinger or dealer in coals, shall, directly or indirectly, give or cause to be given to any labouring coal metre

within the said limits, at any time or times hereafter during the continuance of this act, any sum or sums of money, or other iee, reward, or gratuity whatsoever, over and besides the fourpence per chaldron herein before enabled and allowed for the charges ofmetage, and shall be convicted thereof by the oaths

9*4

Penalty on metres permitting deficient sacks to be used.

Penalty on labouring metre delivering false tickets;

or receiving any reward besides 4d. per chaldron; or making false measure, etc. or delivering any ticket for coals he did not see measured.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. ios.

[1786.

(or, being of the people called Quakers, by affirmation) of two or more credible witnesses, before one or more of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said county of Middlesex, or city and liberty of Westminster, he shall, for every such offence,forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority afarefaidy That if any labouring coal mdter shall, at any time or times hereafter during the continuance of this act, use, or permit or suffer sacks to be made use of, for the measuring or carrying of coals, of less dimensions than four feet in length, and two feet in breadth, at any place or places within the said limits, and be convicted thereof by the oaths (or, being of the people called g)ua$er$> by affirmation) of two or more credible witnesses, before one or more of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said county of Middlesex, or city and liberty of Westminster, he shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the ium of forty Shillings.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any labouring coal metre, to be appointed and qualified pursuant to this act, shall, at any time or times hereafter during the continuance of this act, deliver a false or counterfeit ticket to any dealer, consumer, carman, or other person, with intent to prejudice or defraud any person or persons whomsoever: or shall take and receive from any dealer in coals any sum or sums of money, see, reward, or gratuity whatsoever, over and besides the fourpence per chaldron herein before enacted and allowed to be taken for the metage charge 5 or if any such labouring coal metre shall wilfully make, permit, or suffer to be made, false measure of coals, or shall deliver a ticket for any quantity of coals, the whole of which he shall not have seen measured, at any place or places within the said limits; and shall be, in any or either of the said cases, convicted thereof by the oaths (or, being of the people called Shakers, by affirmation) of two or more credible witnesses, before one or more of his

majesty's justices of the peace for the said county of Middlesex, or city and liberty of Westminster^ he shall be rendered incapable of ever serving the reafter in the office of a coal metre; and the principal land coal metres or coal merer for the time being shall, for every such offence of such labouring coal metre so convicted as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the sum of forty Shillings.

Exemptions

XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this waterworks a not exteru*to the owners of any works for raising water and persons'by fire, nor to the owners of any coals to be bought fold, and having one delivered as and for pool measure, but that they shall and may chaldron or have one chaldron of coals, or more, delivered under the inspec*poolmea tlon of his or their own agent in the absence of a metre, and in sure - case such persons are hereby respectively exempted from the payment of any metage charge by virtue of this act; but if such persons shall require the care or attendance of any metre, to be appointed in pursuance of this act, then, and in such case, they shall pay the metage charge of fourpence by the chaldron

1785.] Anno vicesimo sexto gedrail III C io. 925

hereby laid, as other consumers ofi coate^are hereby obliged of ought to do, in pursuance of this act; anything hfereitt befcre contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XV

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any such labouring coal metre shall, from and after the Penalty on said twenty-fourth day of July, wittingly or willingly suffer any metres suffer coals sold as and for wharf measure (exceeding the quantity of seventeen bushels) to be sent from any wharf, warehouse, or bein^measur* place within the limits of this act; without being measured in ed. the manner hereinbefore directed, and shall not give information thereof to the principal land coal metres or coal metre, or their or his deputies at the said office, within two days next after such coals shall have been sent as aforesaid, and shall be duly convicted thereof by the oaths (or, being of the people called by affirmation) of two or more credible witnesses, before one or more of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said county of Middlesex, or city and liberty of Westminster, such labouring coal metre shall from thenceforth be for ever rendered incapable of acting as a labouring coal metre within the limits comprised in this aand forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if the driver of arty cart or carriage with Penalty on coals loaded therein, from any wharf, warehouse, or place within j^orwr the limits of this act, or any person belonging thereto or em mftting coala ployed therewith, shall take or deliver, or suffer to be taken or to be taken delivered, from such cart or carriage, any coals under his care, out of his otherwise than to or for the use of the owner or owners, pur cart chaser or purchasers thereof, and shall be thereof convicted,

every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of forty Shillings; and, in case of nonpayment thereof,

'every such offender shall and may be committed, by warrant under the hand and seal or hands and seals of the justice or justices before whom such conviction shall be had, to the house of correction for the said county of Middlesex, or city and liberty of Westminster, there to remain for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month, unless the said penalty or forfeiture be sooner paid and satisfied

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall be dissatisfied with, or think Persons cb'ita himself or herself aggrieved by or in the measure of any coals have^coaf/re sold to him or her by wharf measure, within the limits aforesaid, mrafiireh*figi and shall, upon delivery to him or her of the meter's ticket ac nifying their companying such coals, signify his or her desire to have the same desire, remeasured, then, and in every such case, the carman of driver Driver to con of the cart or other carriage, in which the said coals shall be tinue with the brought, shall continue at the house or lodging of the purchaser tnf remeafur of the said coals, with the said coals and the said cart or carriage,

until they are remeasured, under the penalty of five pounds on the owner or proprietor, and twenty Shillings on the driver of the said cart or carriage; and the said purchaser shall immediately

Purchaser to send notice in writing to vender and metre.

Purchaser to pay"6d. per chaldron for remeasuring.

Penalty on vender, C when coals prove deficient.

Carmen to be paid is. fid. per hour, when stopped to remeasure coals.

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 108. [1786.

mediately send, or oause to be sent, to the vender of the said coals otto his or her wharf, warehouse, or place, notice in writing that the said coals are going to be remeasured, and also send notice thereof to the land coal meter's office; and thereupon a principal metre, oc. one of the labouring metres (not being the metre under j^rhofe inspection the said coals were otiginally measured), shall, within the space of two hours next after; such notice in writing left at the land coal meter's office aforesaid, attend to remeasure the said coals, and shall accordingly remeasure the same Jack by sack, in the presence of the vender and purchaser of the said coals, or their agents or servants, if any of them shall attend and desire to see the same remeasured, and also in the presence of one of the principal or labouring land coal metres of or for the city of London, or of or for that, part of the county of Surrey lying between Putney and Rotbetbithe^ if such. purchaser shall think proper to require the; attendance of such last mentioned coal metre; who shall, and hereby directed and required to attend accordingly, within the space of two hours after notice in writing left at such last mentioned coal meter's office; and in case such last mentioned coal metres or coal metre shall negledfc or refuse to attend pur fiiant to such notice, he or they shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds; for which remeasure ment the purchaser shall pay the principal land coal metres or coabmeter, appointed by this act, and also such other land coal metre, from the city of London or from that part of the county ofsurrey aforesaid, as shall attend such remeasurement, the sum of sixpence each, for every chaldron of coals so remeasured; and in case the coals thus remeasured shall not amount to the quantity for which they were sold, then the vender of such coals shall forfeit and pay, for every bushel of coals found deficient, the sum of five pounds, and also forfeit every chaldron of coals so found deficient or wanting in measure, to and for the use of the poor of the parish where the said coals shall be so remeasured; and the labouring metre, under whose inspection the coals were first measured, shall, for every bushel so deficient, forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, which sum, if not paid within five days next after his conviction, shall and may be recovered from the persons or person executing the office of principal land coal metre for the time being, established by this act; and the coal porters, who shall measure the same for the vender thereof shall, for every bushel of coals so wanting, forfeit and pay the sum of two Shillings and sixpence.

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where any cart shall be stopped or detained for the purpose, or on pretence, of remeasuring the coals laden thereon, the owner of every such cart shall be entitled to the sum of two Shillings and sixpence per hour for every hour the cart shall be so detained, over and above the ufuaj cartage of such coals; which two. Shillings and sixpence per bopr shall be paid by the vender of the said coals, in case the

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 108.

same shall, upon such remeasurement,bee found deficient in measure; or by the purchaser of the said coals, in case the same shall not be remeasured, or shall, upon such remeasurement, be found to amount to the quantity for which, the same were sold.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no seller of or dealer in coals, within Dealers of the limits aforesaid, shall, for any offences under this act, be subject or liable to any other penalty, forfeiture, or disability iiat, ietope than what are herein before respectively inflicted or enacted; naltiesofaft anything in the a of the third year of the reign of his late 3 Geo. II etc. majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the better regulation of the coal trade, or in any other law, Statute, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be For empower lawful for the justices of the peace for the county of Middlesex,

or city and liberty of Westminster, in general or quarter session andwefhnin assembled, and they are hereby authorised and required to iti ftertotake choir into, hear, and determine any complaint of fraud, neg cognizance of left, or misbehaviour of the said John Paulin, John Arbuthnot, complaints and the principal land coal metres for the time being, or any or metres" either ff them, in the same manner as they are by law authorised to inquire into, hear, and determine misdemeanours; and if any such land coalr metre shall be found guilty of any fraud, neglect, or misbehaviour, he shall forfeit and pay, for the use of his Majesty, such fine as the court before whom such com*

shall be made shall think fit, not exceeding forty pounds, together with such costs as the court shall think proper to award and directs, and in default thereof, be committed to the house of correction for the said county till such fine and costs are fully paid and satisfied.

XXIV. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the several penalties and forfeitures imposed

or inflicted, and to be incurred, by virtue of or under this act penahies^etc. (the manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby

otherwise particularly directed,) shall be recovered and applied in the manner, and to and for the purposes tollowing; that is to say, such and so many of the said penalties and forfeitures as do and shall respectively exceed the sum of five pounds, by action of debt, bill, plaint; or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, one moiety whereof, when recovered, shall be to and for the use of our Sovereign lord the King, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof (with full costs of suit) to and for the use of such person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same; and all other the aforesaid penalties and forfeitures shall be recovered by way of complaint made unto any one or more justice or justices of the peace for the said county of Middlesex, or city and liberty of Westminster; who is and are hereby required to call the parties before him or them, and to hear and examine; such complaint, on oath, or upon affirmation (in case any testimony in this re jpedt shall be given by any of the people cahedj^w j*&*

5?8 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 108. f 17s jff.; fg

upon due proof there6f made, to his or their satisfaction, to grant a warrant under his or their hand and fed, or hands and fe&ls, for levying such penalties and forfeitures accordingly; one moiety whereof (hiaih lie applied to the use of the informer, and the other moiety to and for the use of the poor of the parish in which such offences shall have been respectively committed; and, in case such last mentioned penalties or forfeitures shall not (after such conviction or convictions) be forthwith paid, that then the same shall be levied by distrefe and sale of the goods and chattels of the: tfe(pc&rve offenders, by warrant or warrants under the hand indjfeal, or hands and seals of such justrce or jtidices of the peace before whom such offender or offenders shall be convicted, rendering the overplus (if any be) to such ffender or dffehders; and which said last mentioned penalties, and forfeitures, when paid or recovered, shall be immediately transmitted by the said justice or justices to the overseers of the poor of tyre parish where the person complaining shall reside, for the use of the poor of such parish; for want of efficient distress, such offender or offenders shall be committed to the house of correction, for any time not exceeding thirty days, nor less than fovea days, there to remain and be kept to hard labour.

XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and Persons ag declared, That if any person, so convicted as aforesaid, shall ap^al torte t^nk' himself aggrieved, he may appeal to the general quartet

barter fef sessions of the peace to be held for the county of Middlesex next ons. after such convidscion, but ndt afterwards; of which appeal such

appellant shall give to the prosecutor or informer seven days previous notice of his intention oftrying the same; and such general quarter sessions, when so appealed to, shall then hear and finally determine the same; but in case there shall not be seven days between such convidlfon and the then next quarter sessions, then such appeal shall be heard and finally determined at the following quarter sessions, such notice being first given as aforesaid: and if the appellant in such appeal shall not make good, support, and succeed in such his appeal, or prosecute the The court to same with effect, the said court of sessions shall then award such award costs, costs as they shall think reasonable, to be then and there in open <tc* court, with the penalty adjudged on and by such conviction;

paid to the prosecutor or informer; and for want thereof, to commit the person or persons thus appealing, to the common gaol of and for the county of Middlesex there to remain until hi or they shall and do make actual payment of such costs and penalty to the person or persons to whom the same shall be awarded, for the purposes aforesaid 5 but in case the said appellant shall make good, support, and succeed in such his appeal, and be acquitted of his convidlon, the same coutt shall, in that case, award to such appellant reasonable costs, to be then and there in open court paid to him or them by the person or persons on whose information or prosecution such conviction shall havie been founded or made; and for want of such payment, the

1786.] Anno vrccsimo fek^j'gfiditgii lit C id?. 929

said court of sessions shall commit such informers and profecqi, tors respectively to the common gaol of the said County of mia dlesex, there to remain until he of they shall and do actually pay Conviction to such appellant the cost sfo respectively awarded to them as not to^aforesaid; but no conviction, to be pronounced or made by quaftmd for virtue of or under this act, shall be quashed or vacated for want w*ntof h>rrn of form only. only

XXVI. And it is hereby enacted, That no writ of Certiorari No certiorari, shall issue, or be issuable, to remove the record of any conviction or proceedings thereon, to be taken, made, or pronounced, in pursuance or by ihe authority of this act, into any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesawl.

That this act shall commence and take place upon Mbnday the Commence

rwenty fourth day of July') one thousand seven hundred and ment and eighty six, and shall be in force and have continuance Until the C nua" CC

twenty-fourth day of June, Which will be in the year of our 0 8a

Lord one thousand feveri hundred and ninety five, (being the

residue and remainder hdw to come and unexpired of the

term granted by the said recited a of the twenty first year of the reign of his present Majesty), and from thehce to the end

of the then next session of parliament j and that froth and after the said twenty-fourth day of July one thousand seven hundred as of 19, 2$,

and eighty six, the said recited aids of the nineteenth, twenty 3 tian<li3a?

third, twenty-fourth, thrrty^fifft, 'and thirty secondyeans of the ^andai^eo.

reign b his said late majesty King George the Second, and of the m. repealed!

sixth and twenty first years t>f the reign of his present Majesty,

jfhafl be, and is and are hereby repealed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action, information, or fuir, shall be brought. Limitation of filed, or prosecuted against any person or persons, for anything actions, done in pursuance of this act, the same shall be commenced or filed Within two calendar months next after the committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid in the county of Middlesexf and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in or to such actions, suits, or informations, may plead the general General issue. tflue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, on any trial to be had 'thereupon, and that the same Was done in pursuance of this act: and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such action, salt, Or information, shall be brought or filed after the time for that purpose Htnired, Or shall be brought in any other county or place, then the jury, in every such case, mail find for the defendant or defendants; and ft the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or fafifer la difeohti nuance Of his, her, or their adron or adieus. Or if a verdict fwtll pals against the plairitjff or plaintiffs, of if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be $ven xgastfft the plaintiff Or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants ft^ll Mve soil cofb, fcftd such remedy cost for recovery of the $$ $fiy defendant or defendants forth bi l&vtldr'dbttvdt M ftx oses cafofr wwr.

93

[Publick act.]

[Preamble,

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 109. [1786.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ihis'a^t shall be deemed, judged, apd taken; to be a public aau be judicially taken notice of as such, by all

judges" juices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same,

CAP. CIX.

An act for incorporating the members of a society to be called The Clyde Marine Society; for the better empowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable an useful designs; and for levy ing certain duties from shipmafers and cithers for that purpose.

WHEREAS a number of merchants and ship owners: in the city of Glasgow did in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight form them]elves into a society by the name of The Glasgow Marine Society, which was afterwards united with a society erected^greenock/^r fimitar purposes of which united society many other merchants and ship owners in the said city of Glasgow and in the towns of Greenock, Port Glasgow, and crawford's Dyke, all fitudted on the bants of the river Clyde, in that part of Great Britain calledScotland, afterwards became members for the purpose of establishing a charitable fund for the relief ofsick, worn out and decayed ship mafiers* officers and mariners navigating Ships and vessels belonging to or freighted by merchants ship owners and ethers of the said city and towns and their dependencies y and of tb widows and families of such ship mafiers* officers and mariners; and have been enabled by the entry money paid by the members and the voluntary donations and subscriptions of charitable and well disposed persons and by a contribution or poundage at the rate of twopence per pound sterling* on the wages of the ship mafiers* officers and mariners belonging to or sailing from the said city and towns not only to afford relief to a great number of indigent persons of the description aforesaid and to carry the humane purpose of their association so far. into effect as to distribute annually for the lafi eight years at an average the sum of two hundred and eighty nine pounds ten billings and one. penny halfpenny sterling* in fixed and settled pensions to the said persons and in small sums given in occasional, charity ta persons of the aforesaid description* when they were in temporary want from fukness* or had been maimed wounded or shipwrecked* or had met with any other accidental or casual niisfortune* by which many hundreds of persons have been relieved from most distressing and calamitous situations since the infiitution of the said society; also to accumulate a capital foci which on the first day of March, one thousand seven hundred and eighty six amounted to two thousand one hundred and sixty two pounds thirteen shillings and four pence sterling* the interest of which joined with the other aforesaid funds has been from time to time applied to the charitable purposes before recited: and whereas experience hath Shown that the said society hath hitherto been of considerable use and advantage and it is presumed that the said society if countenanced and supported by the laws of this realm and ffiablished upon a permanent and respectablt foundation,

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. i69. 931

and vejled with proper powers; for enabling them to carry jntu execution their charitable designs9 would be of much more extensive use9 benefit, and advantage, and would contribute to the commercial inti rejis of the aid city, and towns, and their dependencies: but it is apprehended that these useful ends cannot be attained in their full extent without the aid and authority of parliament; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and comipons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, Alexander Brown esquire, present dean of guild of the said city of Glasgow, and John Campbell of Clathick, James JJ, r!sto.r8 * Richie of Bushbie, James Dunlop of Garnkirk9 Archibald Header

James Sommerville9 James m*dowall9 Robert Dunmore and Robert Finlay, all merchants in Glasgow; John Paterson9 John m'cunn9 James Gammill9 William Fullarton, Hugh Moodie, Andrew Anderson9 and Roger Steivart, merchants in Greenock; and John Crawford junior, John Dunlop Patrick Dougall9 James Howie9 and Stephen Rowan merchants in Port Glasgow hall, and they are hereby declared to be directors of the said society, and shall continue to be so, until the first general meeting of the said society, to be held at the time and place and in the manner herein after mentioned, but no longer, unless they shall be re elected in manner after mentioned and that they and their successors to be elected and named in manner herein after directed, together with the persons whose names are at present subscribed or enrolled in the said society's books as members thereof, and those persons who may hereafter become members, shall be, and they are hereby declared and adjudged to be, one body corporate and politic, in deed and in name, by the name of The Clyde Marine Society; and by that name they shall have perpetual succession, and a common seal, with power to change, alter, break, and make new the same, when and as often as they shall judge the same to be expedient: and that they and their successors, by the same, may sue and be sued, implead and be impleacted, answer and beanswered unto, in all or any courts or court of record, and places of judicature within this kingdom; and that they and their successors, by the name aforesaid, shall be able and capable in law to have, hold, receive, enjoy, possess, and retain for the ends and purposes of this act, all such sum and sums of money as have been given, devised, or bequeashed, or shall at any time or times hereafter be paid, given, deviled, or bequeathed to them by any charitable or well disposed person or persons; and also to sue for, levy, collect, hold, possess, and dispose of the duty for shipmasters, officers, and mariners herein after given and granted.

Stock of a, i6al. 13s. 4d. sterling, vetted in the society. General court for electing twenty-one directors on the ad Thursday in August, 1786.

A general annual meeting to be held for the choice of directors, on the second Thursday in August, yearly. election of directors; four to go out yearly, and four chosen in their room, ireftore may settle pensions

Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. no. [i

on decayed hip matters, See. Other courts of dir^stors to he held for disposing of their funds. fifire&ors may give temporary charily Bean of^guitd of Glasgow to be president of the corporation irec* tors to appoint a treasurer, wbq ito account and keep books of prov ceedings. Books to be produced at the general, anpnal meeting. Perf fons subscribing 2l. as. sterling, to become members. Duties to be levied from hip matters, C matter to pay 9d. per month $ first matter and first carpenter dd. all others d, jduty not to be levied from persons navigating figliters, gabbarts, boat, and other small craft, used on the river Clyde, or on the Great 01; Monkland canals Matters, etc. of ships obliged to pay duties for men navigating ships, C Receiver of the duties to be appointed by the directors. Receivers of duty to sum haon matters of ships to appear, sixpences of this to be raised by a duty of id, per month, additional for one year, apd the fiirpius to go to the dock. Penalty on making false oaths, perjury. Limitation of actions to six months. Publick act

CAP. CX#

An act for (applying North Shields, and the shipping resorting the reto with water.

Proprietors $ Edward Hall of Whitley, in the parish of Tin mouth, William Watfpn, William Taylor, Richard Armstrong, John Rippon, and George Rippon, of North Shields, brewers, incorporated by the name of the Company of Proprietors of the North Shields waterworks. Their powers to enter on lands belonging to the duke of Northumberland, in the manors of Tinmouth or Tinmouthshire, or either of them, to dig and search for springs of water, and to convey such water from thence, and from a faring arising in Whitley limestone quarry, to the town of North Shields, CC and to make water courses, CC over any lands they think necessary, and to make reservoirs, C for keeping such' water; and to dig up the roads, streets, C and lay pipes, and put stop cocks, etc, and to alter the same as necessary; doing as little damage'as may be; and no building, yard, orchard, garden, planted walk, lawn,; or avenue to any house, to be entered without consent of the owner. No person to be restrained from supplying the town as heretofore, etc. or the village of Cullercoats, from being supplied from Harden Well, or the spring in Whitley limestone quarry; and not to make any reservoir on the west side of the road from the northwest end of North shields topreston, without consent of the owner of lands, etc. Inhabitants deiirous of having the water laid into their houses, may make pipes to communicate with the company's pipes. Penalty on laying pipes, etc. without the consent of the company, osa day while they remain. No inhabitant of the town to be supplied by a separate pipe, from a reservoir, but only by the common main pipe. Penalty on persons interrupting or injuring the works, iol. and to make good the damages. No action for damage occasioned by working any colliery. The duke of Northumberland to have a seventh part of the profits of the undertaking, in consideration of permitting toe company to take water from his lands, etc. to be paid the 1 ft Monmiy in March, yeafty* Company to keep accounts of their receipts and difaurfements, which may be inspected by the duke, and his agents. The duke not to be deemed a partner, or subjected to any expense of the undertaking. Satisfaction to be made for damage to lands, etc. held by lease under the duke, and to the proprietors of other lands; or to be settled at the quarter sessions, by jury, in 12 months after damage, on notice, etc Undertaking vetted in the proprietors, and they are to bear the expellees in equal shares. Company empowered to borrow money, to be laid out on the undertaking, at interest, on mortgage. Interest of the mo'ney borrowed to be paid in preference to any dividends to the company.

All as of the company may be done by toe major part. Recovery of penalties above tol. by action, etc. and under iol. by distress, etc.j Appeal, in six months, to the general quarter sessions. Limitation of

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 11  114.

actions tfffi* fnonths After the fact. General issue may be pleacted, and Vrct, etc. given in evidence. Treble costs on verdict, etc. If the company do not lay out 500l. in three years, the act to be Void. And to be a public act.

CAP. CXI.

An act to amend and render more effectual an act, made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for rebuilding, widening, and enlarging the bridge over the river Avon, in the city of Bristol, and erecting a temporary bridge adjoining; and for widening the streets, lanes, ways, and passages leading thereto; and for building another bridge over some other part of the said river, within the said city (if necessary); and for opening proper ways and passages thereto; 'and for making a way from the bridge already built to Temple Street, in the said city.

CAP. CXII.

An act for raising a competent sum of money to defray the expense of a proper number of watchmen, patrols, and beadles, within the parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in the city of Westminster.  'Rates not to exceed 9d. in the pound.

CAP. CXIII.

An act for widening several streets in the city of Edinburgh; for opening a cdminunicatron from queen's Street to Broughton Loan; for enlarging the burial ground; and for extending the royalty of the said city over part of the lands of Broughton.

CAP. CXIV.

An act for ascertaining and collecting the poors rates, and for better governing, regulating, maintaining, and employing the poor, in the parish of Saint John Southwark, in the county of Surrey.

irft meeting of the churchwardens, overseers, and vestrymen, to irry the act into execution', to Be in ac days, after passing the act. For illing subsequent meetings, annually, at the vestry hall, on Thursday Whit fun week, or in 14 days after; Ten periods to be chosen an lally, who, with the patrish officers and vestry men, shall be casted go rnors and directors of the poor of the parish. Pound rates to be ade as shall be expedient. Rates on divided tenements to be paid by: cupiers, and deducted out of the relit. Rates may be collected from rties removing, in proportion, to be settled by governors, etc. The efent debt of the parish to be afeehained, on Easter Thursday, 1; 86. r raising money by annuities to discharge the debt on the parish, not ceeding 1000l. nor on lives under 40, payable quarterly. Names of nuitants to be entered in a book, and account kept of all payments to ?m. Annuities to be charged on the rates, and may je assigned, southeast rities given to the purchasers of annuities, to be paid in 30 days after e. To appoint a treasurer, and oblige him to account. The trea er to pay the money, as the governors and (directors shall appoint.

governor, etc. to provide goods, etc. for the workhouse for their n profit. The poor to be maintained and employed, and the pro ce of their labour to go towards their maintenance. Contracts may made for maintaining and employing the poor. Collectors to be pointed. Their power to levy arrears, after demand by distress and, etc. Their allowance 6d. in the pound. Giving security for hfully accounting. Money to be paid to the treasurer. Collectors account with the auditors, or be punished by imprisonment. In case collector appointed, the rates to be collected by the churchwardens

934 Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 115 - 118. [1786.

[Public act.]

and Overseers, according to $, Eliz. Moneys coming to the h^nds of the churchwardens, etc. to be paid to the treasurer, and accounts thereof be delivered to the auditors. Persons aggrieved by rates, mai appeal to sessions, after having first, applied to governors, etc. Form poor laws (except as altered by this act) to remain in force. No oath poors rates to be made, but fvch as are directed by this act. For pu willing poor, misbehaving themselves, in the workhouse, either by mo: derate correction, confinement, distinguishing them by dress, orfettinj them in the stocka, not above it hours at a time or such other method as may belt tend to remedy such offences for the future without com milling offenders to the house of correction, or other prison.t. penalt on persons buying eloaths, etc. belonging to the parish; for the first of fence 5l. the second 10l. and third 20l to be levied by distress anc side; and in default thereof to be committed for three months. Penalt to be divided between the parish officers and the informer. Penalty 01 conveying spirituoua liquors into the workhouse, 5l. Goods, money etc. vetted in governors and directors. Auditors of accounts to be appointed. Accounts of moneys received and disbursed to be entered books, and examined by the auditors, who may call for the accounts Duplicates of all examinations respecting bastardy and settlements, fc be kept at the workhouse, under the controul.of the governors^etc Such duplicates to be deemed evidence, and inhabitants may^witnesses. Notice to be given of vestry meetings. Seven a quorum C meetings necessary to act. Expenses of this act to be paid out of rate: Limitation of actions to six months. General issue. Treble colt: Form of the oath, before directed to be taken by th Church wardens, etc. on giving in their accounts.

I do swear, [or, being one of the people called Quaker do foleronly affirm], That the account now delivered in by me signed with my own proper hand writing, and that the same doth cor tain a full and particular account of all moneys received and expende by me, for and on account of the parish of Saint John Southwark,the county of Surrey, in respect to my office of [churchwarden, C 1 the case may be] of the said parish, from the day; of

to the day of instant; and that all tl

moneys charged in the said account, as expended by me, have actual been so expended for, and for the use of the said parish.

---

CAP. CXV.

An act for providing a proper workhouse and better regulating the poor, within the parish of Barking, in the county of Essex; and for regulating the common wharf within the town of Barking.

CAP CXVI.

An act for paving the footways and passages in the town of Cheltenham, in the county of Gloucester; and for better cleansing and lighting the said town; for taking down certain old buildings now standing the rein; and for removing and preventing other encroachments, nuisances, and annoyances.

CAP. CXVII.

An act for pulling down and rebuilding the church of All Saints, in the town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and for enlarging the church yard, and making convenient avenues and passages thereto.

CAP. CXVIII.

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the town and port of Folkestone, and the parishes of Folkestone, Cheriton, Newington next Hithe, Stanford, Postling, Lyminge, Elham,

1786.] Anno vicesimo sexto Georgii III. c. 120  121. 935

Paddlesworth, Acris, Swingfield, and Hawkinge, in the county of Kent.

Styled The Court of Requests in the Town and Port of Folkestone; to proceed for a debt of 2s. and under 40s.

CAP. CXIX.

An act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting and watching the streets, lanes, ways, passages, and places within the borough of Newport, in the Isle of Wight; and for the removal of present, and prevention of future encroachments, nuisances, and annoyances therein,

CAP. CXX.

An act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the streets, lanes, and other public passages and places, within the manor of Southwark, otherwise called The Clink, or Bishop of Winchester's Liberty, in the parish of Saint Saviour, Southwark, in the county of Surrey; for the removal of present, and preventing of future encroachments, nuisances, and annoyances therein; for laying out two new streets, and widening and regulating several other of the streets and passages within the said liberty; for discontinuing the passage through Globe Alley; and for shutting up in the night time the way leading from Clink Street, in the said liberty, to the river side.

CAP. CXXI.

An act for appointing of for putting in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six.

END of VOL. XXXV.

