THE

Statutes at large,

FROM THE

Thirty-ninth Year of Q. Elizabeth,

TO THE

Twelfth Year of K. CHARLES II. inclusive.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE containing the TITLES of all the STATUTES during that Period.

VOL. VII.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's Inn, Esq.

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

CAMBRIDGE, Printed by JOSEPH BENTHAM, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Cross-Keys, opposite St. Dunstan’s Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1763.

CUM PRIVILEGIO.

A

TABLE of the STATUTES,

Containing the Titles of all such Acts as are extant in print, from the Thirty-ninth of Queen Elizabeth, to the Thirteenth Year of King Charles II.

Anno 39 Elizabethae Regina.

CAP. 1. Against the decaying of towns and houses of husbandry.

Cap. 2. For maintenance of husbandry and tillage.

Cap. 3. For relief of the poor.

Cap. 4. For punishment of rogues, vagabonds, and sturdy beggars.

Cap. 5. For eredfing of hofpitals, or abiding and working-houfes for the poor.

Cap. 6. To reform deceits and breaches . of truft touching lands given to charitable ufes.

Cap. 7. For the more fpcedy payment of the Queen’s majesty’s debts, and for the better explanation of the aft made in the thirteenth year of the Queen’s majesty, intituled, An ait to make the lands, tenements, goods and chattels of tellers, receivers, &c. liable to the payment of their debts.

Cap. 8. For the confirmation and e-ftabliftiment of the deprivation of divers bilhops and deans in the beginning of her Majesty’s reign.

Cap; 9. For the taking away of clergy from offenders against a certain Statute made in the third year of King Henry the Seventh, concerning the taking away of women a-gainft their wills unlawfully.

Cap. 10. For the increafc of mariners and maintenance of navigation ; repealing a statute made in the twenty-tliird year of her Majesty’s reign, bearing the fame title.

Cap. 11. For the better execution of the statute made in the twenty-third year of the Queen’s majesty’s reign, for the abolishing of logwood, alias blockwood, in the dying of doth, wool or yam.

Cap. 12. For explanation of the statute made in the fifth year of her Majesty’s reign, concerning labourers.

Cap. 13. An explanation of an adt made in the eleventh year of King Henry the Seventh, for faftians*

Cap. 14. Prohibiting the bringing into this realm, of foreign cards for wool.

Cap. 15. That no person robbing any houie in the day-time, although no person be therein, shall be admitted to have the benefit of his clergy.

Cap. 16. To reftrain the excefiive making of malt.

Cap. 17. Against lewd and wandering persons, pretending theshfelves to be foldidrs or mariners.

Cap. 18. For the reviving, continuance, explanation, perfedting and repealing of divers statutes.

Cap. 19. For the amendment of highways in the counties of SuJJix, Surrey and Kent*

Cap. 20. Against the deceitful ftretch-ing and tentering of Northern cloth.

Cap. 21. For the further continuance and explanation of an adl for the neceflary relief of foldiers and mariners, made in the thirty-fifth year of foe Queen’s majesty’s reign that now is.

Cap. 22. For the eftablilhing of the bifooprick of Norwich, and the poifeftions of the fame, against a a	certain	*

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

certain pretended, concealed, title . thereunto.-.	:	•’	\ i :

Cap.’23. For 'the‘re'pilfing Of'the* bridges of Newport and Carbon in the county of Monmouth.

Cap. 24. For the erefting and building of a bridge over the river of IVye, at Wilton upon Wye, near (he town of Rejfe, in the county of Hereford.

Cap. 25. For enlarging of the Astute made for following hub and cry, in the twenty-feventh year of her Ma-jeftyVreign, in fome fort to relieve the inhabitants of the fmall hundred of Beynerjb, alias BenbtrJ 1* in cafes where they are in no voluntary default, and yet are or shall be charged fay the lame ftatute, and by the two ancient statutes, the one made the thirteenth year of King Edward the Firft, the other in the twenty-eighth year of King Edward the Third, for repreffing "f robberies.

Cap. 26. For oonfirmation of the fub-fidies granted by the clergy.

Cap. 27. For the grant of three entire tubfidies, and fix fifteens arid tenths, granted by the tempondty. Cap. 28. For the Queen’s majesty*s moft gracious, general, and free pardon.

Private aSs.

Anno 39 Elizabetha Regina.

1.	An aft concerning a leafe of great yearly value, procured to be pafled from her Majesty by William Kirk-ham the yoiinger.

2.	An aft that the lord Mountjoye may difpofe of his lands whereof he is

' tenant in tail, as other tenants in tail by the laws of the realm may do ; a private statute 27 H. 8. not-withftanding. •

3.	An act for ratification of the hof-pital of Queen Elizabeth in Brijhlly

ter Velicf of the poor or-

m

the cftablHhiug of the

; .. peyr.college	Cobham,for the poor

: jnfrfee.-cleurjty-o'f

5.	An aft fof.thfe confirmation and better a durance of certain manors, lands, &c. given or intended to an hofpitalor m/ntfonrfbeu ip Warwick-, founded by the late earl of

6.	An act for the naturalizing of ttfbd BatkervUe,William LnokOnor, Ottowell Hill,John William	Heather, Hdene	and George Sbefpey.

7.	An act for confirmation ofvthe jointure of Chrijlian lady wife of William lord

8.	An act for eftabliihing the town lands of Wanting in the county of Berks, to the relief of the poor.

9.	An ad for Arthure ,her Mavjelly’s ward, for hit enjoying of the reftory or parfonage of nooulton in the county of Devon for certain years.

10.	An act for confirrnation of the jointure of the lady Varney, wife of fir Edmund Varney, knight.

11.	An alt tor the better maintenance and well keeping of Staines bridge.

12.	An act for the eftablifhing of the lands given by. John	will to the perpetual repair of highways at Ailejbury.

13.	An aft concerning the fchool at Sevenoeke in the county of Kent,

14.	An act for eftablifhing the pofief-fions of fir Henry Union, knight, lately deccafed, and for payment of bis debts.

15.	An act for eftablifluag of a jointure to Anne lady Wentworth, now wife of William Pope, efquire, and for the better enabling of the said William Pope to fell certain of bis lands, tor pay ment of his debts.

Anno 43 Elizabeths Regina.

Cap. 1. For confirmation of grants made to the Queen’s majesty, and of letters patents made by her High-nefs to others.

Cap. 2.

A	TABLE of the STATUTES*

Cap* 2. For the iphef of the poor.

Cap. 3. Fortheooceflvy relief offol-dicra and mariners.

Cap. 4. To redrefs the wifen?pk>y-> went .of lands, £Q0ds, and Hocks' of money heretofore given to charitable ufcs.

Gap. 5. To prevent petjury and fu-homation of perjury, and unnecef-hfy eypences in forts of law.

Cap. 6. To avqid trifliog and frivolous huts in law, ip her Majesty’s counts at	Wff/fmiffltr.

Cap. 7. To avoid and prevent divers mi (demeanors in lewd and idle per-fons-

Cap. 8. Against fraudulent admini-ttratkm ofinteftate’s goods.

Cap. 9. For continuance of divers flntutes, and for repeal of fame others.

.Cap. 20. For the true working and making of woolen doth.

Cap. it. For the.recovery of many hundred thou&nd acres ofmarffees, and other grounds, fubjed conv-onooly to Surrounding, within .the ifle of Ely, and the counties of Cambridge	Huntingdon,

Lincoln, Norfolk, Suffolk,

Effox,	Kent,and the county pala-

tine of Durham.

Cap. 12. Concerning matters of zflu-rances amoogft merchants.

Cap. 13. For the more peaceable government of the parts of Cumberland, Northumberland, Wtjlmor-• land, and the bifhoprick of Durham.

Cap. 14. Concerning the afiize of fuel.

Cap. 15. For the levying of. fines with proclamations of lands within the county of the city of Chejler.

Cap. 16. For the /^edifying, repairing and maintaining of two bridges over the river of , near the city of Carliflt in Cumberland.

Car. ,17. For the confirmation of the lubfidies granted by the clergy.

Cap. 18. For the grant of four entire. fuhfidies, and eight fifteens and

tenths, granted by the temporally.

Cap. 19. The Queen’s majesty’s molt gracious, gen^rid, and free pardon,

JPrivatf AEls.

Amo 43 Elizabeth# Regime.

X.	An ad for the perfecting of the jointure of the lady	coun-

ters of Suffix, wife of Robert earl of Suffix.

2« An ad for the afluripg of certain

1	manors and lands, for part of a jointure of Lucy couatefc of Mid* fori.

3.	An ad for the denization of William	Myllet, Anne Pope, George

Cha/undeier,Peter Eaton, Nicholas Eaton, and Nicholas Tooley.

4.	An ad for the enabling of Edward

NeviU of Berling in the county of Kent, and fir	HenryNevill, knight,

his fon and heir apparent, to dif-pofe ofyeertain copyhold lands, parcel of the manor of	in

Suffexr, and Aylcffy and Filoftgly in Warwick.

j. An ad tp confirm the afTurance of the manors and farms of Sagbury and Obien, apd other lands in the county qf Worceffer,to Sandes, efquke, and John Harris, gentleman.

6.	An ad for augmentation of the jointure of Rachael, the wife of .Edward	NeviU of Berling in	the	county of Kent.

7.	An ad for the naturalizing of Jf~ ftpb Expo und divers others, born beyond the Teas.

8.	An ad for the alluring of the patronage of the vicarage of

/Ion in the county of	and	a

fcholar’s room in the cathedral, church of Chri/l in Oxon, (sc. by1 the dean and chapter of the said cathedral church, to Thoms Venables 9 efquire, and his heirs for even

9.	An a& for the ending and appealing of all controversies, between Frauds KetUly> of the one

A TABLE the

part, and Andrew Ketleby, and Jane his wife, on the other part, ro. An a<d to make the lands, tenements and hereditaments of Edward Lucas, gentleman, deceafcd, executor of the lad will and teda-ment of John Flowerdew, efquire,

1	deceafed, liable to the payment of . certain legacies given by the lad will of the said John Flowerdew, and to the payment of divers other debts : owing by the said Lucas in his lifetime.

Anno 2 [vulgo] i Jacobi.

Cap. r. A mod joyful and iud recog* nitionofthe immediate, lawful and undoubted fucceflion, defcent and right of the crown.

Cap. 2. Authorizing certain commit doners of England, to treat with commiflioners of Scotland, for the weal of both kingdoms.

Cap. 3. Againd the diminution of the pofleffions of archbifhopricks

• and bifhopricks, and avoiding of dilapidations of the fame.'

Cap. 4. For the due‘execution of the statutes againd1 jefuits, feminary prieds, recufants.

Cap. 5. To prevent the over-charge of the people by Rewards of court-leets and court-barons.

Cap. 6. For the explanation of the statute made in the fifth year of the late Queen Elizabeth's reign, concerning labourers.

Cap. 7. For the continuation and explanation of the statute made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of the iate Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An act for punijhment of rogues, vagabonds, and flurdy beggars.

Cap. 8. To take away the benefit of clergy from fome kind of man-flaughter.

Cap. 9. To redrain the inordinate haunting and tipling in inns, ale-houfes, and vi&ualling houfes.

Cap. ro. For the better execution of juftice.

statutes.

Cap. ix. To redrain all persons from marriage, until their former wives and former hufbands be dead.

Cap. 12. Againd conjuration, witchcraft, ana dealing with evil and wicked (pints.

Cap. 13. tor new executions to be fued againd any which shall here-* after be delivered out of execution by privilege of parliament, and for difcharge of them, out of whofe cu-* dody such persons shall be delivered.

Cap. 14. A remedy for a freeman of London to recover a debt not exceeding forty shillings owing to him by another inhabiting within the said city or the liberties 5 a penalty if the debtor do not appear before the commiflioners upon warning f or if the creditor dr debtor do not perform their order ;,or if the creditor, being a freeman of London, do fueany other freemen out ofthe fame city, for a debt under forty (hillings.

Cap. 15. For the better relief of the creditors against such as shall become bankrupts.

Cap. 16. Concerning wherrymen and watermen.

Cap. 17. For the better execution of former laws touching the making of hats and felts, and for the more redraint of unfkilful and deceivable workman(hip therein ufed, to the wrong of all forts of the people of this realm.

Cap. 18. For avoiding of deceitful felling, buying or fpending corrupt and unwholefome hops.

Cap. T9. For the well garbling of fpices.

Cap. 20. Forredrefs of certain abufes and deceits ufed in painting.

Cap. 21. Againd brokers.

Cap. 22« Concerning tanners, curriers, (hoemakers, and other artificers occupying the cutting of leather.

Cap. 23. For the better prefervation of the fifliing in the counties of Somerset,

A TAB^Epf the STATUTES,

aterfct, Devon, and Cornwall, and lor the relief of balkers, condors and filhcrmen, against malicious .fuito.

Cap. 24. Against the deceitful and falfe making of Mildernix and Powle Davies, whereof fail-cloths for the navy and other (hipping are made.

Cap. 2$. For continuing and reviving of divers statutes, and for repealing of fome others.

Cap. 26. For the continuance and due observation of certain orders for the exchequer, first fet down and eftab-lifhed by virtue of a privy feal from the late Queen Elizabeth.

Cap. 27. For the better execution of the intent and meaning of former statutes, made against (hooting in guns, and for the prefervation of

* the game of pheafants and partrid-, and against the deftroying of es with hare-pipes and tracing hares in the fnow.

Cap- 28. A confirmation of the King’s letters patents, bearing date ixWejl-. rnnjler 30 die Aprils, anno 2 Regis Jacobi, granted to the mayor, bailiffs, and burgpfles of the borough of Berwick upon Tweed, and of. the franchises, liberties and cuftoms of the said borough.

Cap. 29, To whatTorts of flefh, licences to eat fled} in Lent shall not extend: lyhat fort of fieu} shall not be killed in Lent to be put to fale.

(Cap. 30. The inhabitants pf Melcomb-Regis, in the county qf Dorfet,within the diocefe of Brtftol, may at their own cofts build a church upon the ground where the chapel pow ftandeth, and the grounds adjoining, convenient to receive tne inhabitants of Radipol, and inclofe the wade grounds adjoining, tq make a chqrch-yard for a place of burial 1 after which church is budded, it shall be called the parochial church of Radipol; and the new parfon of Radipol, and his fuccef-fpfs, shall be parfons thereof j s\n4

the old parifti-church of Radipol shall be but a chapel of eafe: and the patron of the old parifh-church of Radipol shall he patron of the new. And a new rpanfion-houfe in Melcomb-Regis afligned to the said parfon and his fucceflbrs for ever. ,

Cap. 31. For the charitable relief and ordering of persons infeded with the plague.

Cap. 32. From the end of this feflion of parliament, during feven years, and no longer, there shall be paid .by the mafter or owner of every (hip, veflel or crayer (faving of time Regis in the county of Dorfet) whereof any of the King’s iub-jedls shall be owners or part-owners of the burden of twenty* tons or upwards, for every voyage loading or difeharging within this realm, or to or from any foreign country beyond the feas, and palling to or from London, or from, to or by Dover, or coming into the harbour there, (not having a cocquet tefti-fying his payment before) three pence for every ton of the burden of every such veflel, (sfc. except vef-. fels loaden with fea-coals or grind-. Hones; and for every chaldron of fea-coals or grind-ftones, id. ob. _ which shall be paid to the cuftomer, collector of cuitoms or fubfidies, or their deputies, bfcf Cap. 23. For a fubfidy of tonnage and poundage. .

Private Ads. , t Anno 2 [vulgo] 1 Jacobi.

1.	An adl of confirmation of the jointure pf the moft high and mjghty Princefs Anne, Queen of England, Scotland, France apd Ireland.

2.	An adl for an alignment of certain ."Turns of money for defraying of the

charges of the King’s moft honourable noulhold.

3.	An a & for reftitutipn of Henry earl of Southampton.

33	4.	A*

A TA of the STAttJTfes:

4.	An act for the reftitution of the foh and two daughters of Robert late earl of EJfix.

5.	An act for the teftitotidn of 6nly Ion of Philip late earl of rundHi

6; Art-aft for the reftitution blood of William Howard,youngdl fon of Thomas late duke of Nirfolk, and of the children of the lady Margaret Sackvile, daughter of the said duke.

7.	An act for the teftitution of Wtl-liam Pagetty only <bn of Thomas late

' ford Pagett.

• 8. An act for the rfcftitution of Thomas Lucas,gentleman, in blood.

9.	An aft to fecure Simp/on’s debt, and lave harmlefs the warden of the fleet in fir Thomas Sherlefs cafe.

lb. An act for the naturalizing of Lodovick duke of Lenoxy Henry lord of Obigtiejy his brother, and their children.

11.	An act for the naturalizing of the right honourable Margaret counted of Nottingham.

12.	An act for the naturalizing of John earl of Money his wife and children.

13.	An act for the naturalizing of fir George Howtrie, knight, lord trea-filter of Seotlandy his wife and children.

jf All aft for cohfirrnatioh of certain letters patents made iofrrGeorge HowrtUy knight, lord treaforer of

Scotland.

15.	An act for the naturalizing of fir Edward Brutiy knight, lord of Kin-

hjfe, his wife and children, and for confirmation of letters patents made to him.

16.	Ah aft for the naturalizing of fir Thomas Arejkyn, knight, an d Alexander Arejhyh his fon, ahd all other the children of the said iir Thomas, bom in the kingdom of Scotland, or wherefoever within the King’s ma-

. jefty’s dominions.

ij: An ad for confirmation of letters patents made to the right honour-

able Charles earl 6f Nottingham, lord admiral of England, Thomas earl of Suffolk, lord chamberlain of the .King’s houfhold, fir John Levefik, ahd fir John Trevor, knights* fyr the ufe and benefit of the lady F^art-ees dowager of Kildare, and now Wife of Henry late lord Cobhatn, attainted.

18.	An a<5 for the naturalizing of dame Mary Aflon, Wife to fir Rogir Afion, knight, and their children.

19.	An ad for the naturalizing of fir John Ramfey, knight.

20.	An ad for the naturalizing of fir James Hdy, knight.

21.	An ad for the naturalizing of John Gordon, dean of Sarum, his wife and children.

21. An ad for the naturalizing of fir John Kennedy, knight.

23.	An ad for. the naturalizing of fir John Driimnie, knight.

24.	An ad for the naturalizing of Adam Newton, efquire.

25.	An ad for reftitution in blood of Thotttas Littleton, elddt fon of John Littleton, late of Ftanckley in the County of fVorceJftr, efquire, deceased, John Littleton, fecond fon of the hi& John Littleton deceafed, arid Edwat iLittleton, third fon of the said John Littleton deceafed, Bridget Littleton, Cldeft daughter of the (kid John Littleton detected, Anne Littleton, fecohd daughter of the said John Littleton deceafed, and Jane Littleton, third daughter of the said John Littleton deceafed.

26.	An ad for the naturalizing of William Browne, Arme Browne, and Barbara Browne, children of fir Wiliam Browne, knight, lieutenant-governor of his Majesty’s caution-arie town of Ulijhinge.

27.	An ad for the enabling of Thomas Throgmorton, efquire, to make fale of certain lands for payment of his debts. *

28.	Ah ad for the naturalizing of Thomas Glover, Margaret Mordant, Francis Collimore, Alexander Daniel!,

Nicholas

A TABLE the STATUTES,

, Nicholas Gilpin*, and Jl&fy Copcote.

ig. Ail ad for (he fale of certain

' lands of fir Thomas Rawfe, knight, lor the payment of his debts.

30.	An ad tor the quiet eftablifhing

and fettling of the lands and poi-fefiions late of fir Georg* Rodney, knight, deceafed.	«

31.	An ad for the alluring of certain lands and tenements to the dean and canons of Windfir, and of af-furing a leafe of the prebend of Bedujin in the county of Wilts to Edward earl of Hertford.

32.	An ad for Henry Jemegan the younger, for the faie of the manor of Pages in Raveningham and He-ringfleetealias St. (Haves in the coun~ ties of Norfolk and Suffolk, for the payment ot his debts.

33.	An ad for the jointure of the wife of Martin Calthrope, gentleman.

34.	An ad for the relief of Thornas Lovell, efquire.

35.	An ad for explanation of a former ad made in the 43d year of the reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, Intituled, An act for the enabling of Edward Nevile f Birling in the county of Kent, and fir Henry Nevile, blight, his fin and heir <spta-renty to difpofi of certain copyhold lands, parcel of the manor ffather-field in the county of Sufiex, and of the manors f AJtefley and fijpqley in the county^Warwick.

36.	An ad to enable John Tcbols, gentleman, to make his wife a jointure of certain of his lands, and to fell fome part for preferment of bis younger children.

37.	An ad for the naturalizing of Katherine Vincent, Elizabeth Vincent, Sufama Vincent, fiejler Vincent, and Mary Vincent.

38.	An ad for the naturalizing of Vi ft or Chfluntreiy Peter Marl iny Men-tia Van Urzelly wife of George Aid-riche, efquire, Sabina Aldriche, Edward, and Pefigrjnf Aldriche, her children.

Anno 3 Jacobi.

Cap. i. For apublick thankfgiving . to Almighty God every year on the fifth day of November.

Cap. 2. For the attainder of divers offenders in the late moft barbarous, monftrous, deteftable and damnable treafons.

Cap. 3. For explaining an ad made in the first feffion of this parliament, intituled. An aft authorizing certain commijjioners of the realm if England, to treat with the commiffioners of Scotland, for the weal of both kingdoms.

Cap. 4. For the better difeovering and reprefling of popifh recufajits.

Cap. 5. To prevent and avoid dangers which may grow by popilh re-cufants.

Cap. 6. To enable all his Majesty's loving fubjeds of Englandznd Wales, to trade freely into the dominions of Spain, Portugal and Prance.

Cap. 7. To refprm the multitudes and misdemeanors of attornies and fol-licitors at law, and to avoid unne* ceflary fuits and charges in law.

Cap. 8. To avoid imneceffary delays of executions.

Cap. 9. For the relief of such as lawfully ufe the trade and handicraft offinnnen.

Cap. 10. For the rating and levying of the charges for conveying malefactors and offenders to the gaol. -

Cap. ix. For tnuifportation of beer over the feas.

Cap. 12. For the better preservation of fea-fifh.

Cgp. 13. Aeainft unlawful hunting, ftealmg of deer and conies.

Cap. 14. For explanation of the fta-tute of fewers.

Cap. 15. For the recovering of small debts, and for the relieving of poor debtors in London.

Cap. 16. For the repeal of one ad made in th$ fourteenth year of a 4	Qucea

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Queen Elizabeth's reign, concerning the length of kerfies.

Cap, 17. Concerning IPelJh cottons.

Cap. 18. For the bringing in of a frefh dream of running water to thp north part of the city of London.

Cap. 19. For the repairing and maintaining of the highway leading from Kindlon to Nonjucb.

Cap. 20. For making paflage from London to Oxford by water.

Cap. 21. To reflrain the abufes of players.

Cap. 22. For the paving of Drury-Lanex and the town ofSt. Giles's in the fields, in the county of Middle-fex.

Cap. 23. For the making up and keep-ing in reparation of Cbepflow-bridge. •

Cap. 24. For making a bridge over the river of Severn, in the county of JVoreefter.

Cap. 25. For confirmation of four fubfidies, of four shillings in the pound, granted to the King by the clergy.

Cap. 26. For three intire fubfidies, and fix fifteens, granted to the King by the temporally.

Cap. 27. For a confirmation of the King’s general and free pardon.

Private Afts.

Anno 3 Jacobi.

1.	An ad for the alluring of certain fmall parcels of ground to Robert earl or Sattjbury and his heirs, for the inlargement and commodious ufe of his manfiori houfe in the Strondy now called Salijbury houfe, and for recompence to be given for the fame.

2.	An act for the aflurance of the jointure of the right honourable Frances countefs of E[fex\' wife of the right honourable Robert earl of

EJJ'ex.

3.	An ad for the prefident and fcho-lars of Cot'pus Chrijli college in the univerfity of Oxford.

4.	An ad for the better fate of certain lands of Henry late lord Windfor,

' deceafed, for payment of his debts, and better performance of his last will and teftament.

5.	An ad for the eftabliftiing of the pofleflions and inheritance of Ed~ mund late lord Chandos of SudeUy, deceafed.

6.	An ad to eftablifh in the crown the lands and pofleflions of Henry late lord Cobbam, and George Brooke, eiquire, attainted of high treafoii, with a confirmation of grants made by his Majesty.

7.	An ad for the confirmation of certain leafes and eftates made by the right honourable Robert lord Spencer, and by his late father deceased, and his mother now living.

8.	An ad for the reftoring and enabling of Henry lord Danvers, as fon and heir to fir John Danvers, knight, deceafed, notwithstanding the attainder and corruption of blood of fir Charles Danvers, knight, deceafed, elder brother of the (aid lord Danvers.

9.	An ad for the confirmation of the King’s majesty’s letters patents made to the provoft and fcholars of Oriel college in Oxford.

10.	An ad for confirmation of letters patents made to the governors of

• the free grammar fchool at Saint Bees, in the county of Cumberland.

11.	An ad to enable fir Chriftopher Hatton, knight, to difpofe of certain lands, tenements and hereditaments, notwithstanding a limitation or claufe of perpetuity annexed to his eftate.

12.	An ad to aflilre and confirm the fale of certain lands lying within the county of Middlefex, to Thomas Lake, knight, and dame Mary, his wife.

13.	An ad for fale of certain lands of fir Jonathan Trelowny, knight, deceased, for payment of his debts.

14.	An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

14.	An act for affuring of the jointure of dame Elionor Cave, wife of fir Thomas Cave of Standforde, in the county of Northampton, knight.

15.	An act for enabling of Ho-thorn, efquire, the father, and John Hotham his fon, to. convey certain lands for a jointure of fuen wife as John the fon shall marry.

16.	An act for the fettling of the ma* * nor of Rye in the counties of Glou-teller and Worctfier, upon William Throckmorton, efquire, and his heirs, according to a feoffment thereof made by Charles late earl of Devon-Jhire.

17.	An act for the more fpeedy fale of certain lands of fir Thomas Rowfe, knight, for payment of his debts.

18.	An act for affurance of certain lands late fir John Skinner’s, knight, to fir William Smith and fir Michael Hickes, knights.

19.	An act for the relief of John Roger, gentleman, against Robert Taylor, Paul Taylor, and William Taylor, for defrauding of a truft repofed in Thomas Taylor their father, and decreed against them in the high court of chancery.

20.	An act for the affurance of the lands of Walter Waljh, efquire.

21.	Ai) aft for fade of certain lands of Edvbard Downes, efquire, for payment of his debts".

22.	An act for the naturalizing of fir David Foulis, knight, and for confirmation of letters patents by his mod excellent Majesty to him made.

23.	An act for the naturalizing of the children of fir Edward Conway, knight, lieutenant governor of the King's majesty’s cautionary town of the Brill.

24.	An act for the naturalizing of fir James Arejkyn, knight, his wife fend children.

25- An act for the naturalizing of fir David Murray, knight, gentleman of the Prince his bedchamber, arid

Thomas Murray, efquire, (choolma-fter to the duke of York.

26.	An act for the naturalizing of Darnel Godfrey of the parilh of Saint Buttolpbes without Aldgate, gentleman.

27.	An act for the reftitution in blood of John Holland fon of Brian Holland, and Thomas Holland fon of the said John Holland.

28.	An act for reftitution of Rowlande Mericfe, fon of fir Gettey Mericke, knight, and dame Margaret, wife of fix John Vaughan, knight, daughter of the, said fir Gettey, in blood.

29* An act for the performance and execution of a decree in the chancery, made between William leGris, plaintiff, and Robert Cottrell, defendant.

■ ■■	■	■■	v	*	1	^

Anno 4 Jacobi*

Cap. 1. For the utter abolition of all memory of hoftility, and the depen-dance tnereof, between England an<f Scotland, and for the reprefiing of occafions of diforders, and diforders in time to come.

Cap. 2. For the true making of woolen cloth.

Cap. 3. To give cofts to the defendant upon a nonfuit of the plaintiff, or verdift against him.

Cap. 4. To reftrain the utterance of

* beer and ale to alehoufe-keepers and tiplers not licenced.

Cap. 5. For reprefiing the odious and loathfom fin of drgnkennefs.

Cap. 6. For repealing fo much of one branch of a statute made in the firft

Irear of his Majesty’s reign, intituled, An aft concerning tanners, curri* ers, Jhoemakers, and other artificers occupying the cutting of leather, as concerned! the fealing of (heep-(kins, and to avoid felling of tanned leather by weight.

Cap. 7. For the founding and incor-* porating of ^free grammar-fehool *	in

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

in the town of	in-the-

county of Glmutfitr.

Cap. 8. Touching the drowned mar (foes of Lefnes and Fonts in the county of Kent.

Cap. o; To explain a former ad made in the last feffion of this parliament, intituled. An aft to enable all his Ma-jejly's laving fubjefts of England and Wales, to trade freely into the dominions of Spain, Portugal and France.

Cap* 10. For confirmation of fame part of a charter granted by King Henry the Sixth to the mayor, bailiffs and burgtffes of the town of Southampton, and for the relief of the said town.

Cap. 11. For the better jprovifion of meadow and pafture, for neceffary maintenance of huibandry and tillage in the manors, lordfhips and parishes of M&den, alias Mawar-deny Bodenham, Wellington, Sutton St. Michael,, Sutton St. Nicholas, Murtok upon Lug) and the parifli of Pipe, and every of them, in the county of Hereford.

Cap. ia. For explanation of a statute made in the third year gf the reign of King James* intituled. An act for the bringing in of a firefb Jlream of running water to the north parts of the city of London.

Cap. 13. For the draining of certain fens and low grounds in the ifle of Ely* fubjed to hurt by furrounding, containing about fix tnoufand acres, compaffedabout with certain banks, commonly called and named the ring of Wdderfey and Cooldham,

Private Afts.

Anno 4 Jacobi.

Y. An ad for the affurance of the houfe of Tbeobaldiy and divers manors and other Jands, to the Queen’s majesty for term of her life, and of the fame houfe, manors and lands, with other manors and landsi to the King’s po{t excellent Majesty, his foeirs

and fucccflors, and for the affurance of other manors and lands to the earl of SaJiJbury and his heirs.

2.	An ad for the enabling of John

Goode, efquire, to convey unto his Majesty a fmall portion of land during a term of years.	✓

3.	An ad for the eftablifhment acid affurance of divers of the poflefiions and hereditaments of Ferainando late earl of Derby.

4.	An ad whereby Riehard Sackvile9 efquire, is enabled to make a fur-render unto the King’s majesty of the offices of chiefe butler of England and Wales* notwithstanding his minority of years.

5.	An ad for the affuring of the ad-vowfon of the vicarage of CbeJIhunt to Robert earl of Salijbury and his heirs, and of the advowfon of the redory of Orfet to Richard biftiop of London and his fucceflors.

6.	An ad for confirmation of an a-greement betwixt EdwardloxABruce and Michael Doyly and others, for the lands late of William Ibgrave de-ceafed.

7.	An ad for confirmation of the King’s majesty’s letters patents made to Robert Bathurjly efquire, of the manor and borough of Loch-lad in the county of Gloutejler.

8.	An ad for the confirmation of the King’s majesty’s letters patents made to William Boureher* efquire, of the manor of Bardijley in the county of Gloucejler.

9.	An ad for confirmation of certain 1 lands to the warden and college of the fouls of all faithful people deceafed of Uxon* and of other lands to fir William Smith, knight.

xo. An ad for fecuring and confirm* ing of the lands, tenements aud rents heretofore granted, devifed or conveyed to several companies within the city of London* and to the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London.

Aq ad for farther affurance to

the

A TABLEof the STATUTES.

the purchafefj of certain fends late fir Jonathan Tnkrumtfo, knight, deceafed, appointed by a61 of parliament to be fold for payment of his debts.

12.	An act for rtftitufibn ifi blood of the Tons .and daughters of Edward fPmdfor.

13.	An a# for the better enabling of

John	Evelyn, efquire, to make fale

of certain lands for the payment Of his debts.

14.	An act for the alfignment of a' jointure to such wife as John Thottp-

fm, ton and heir of RobertThtmp-fm a hinatkk, shall marry, and for prefent maintenance of the faid

y»hn.

15’. An act for the fale of the lands of FPUEam Waller, efquire, to perform a decree in chancoty, for the payment of 504 /. 10 s.

16.	An act for the naturalizing of

John Steward, efquire, brother and heir apparent to	carl	of

Orkney.

17.	An act for the naturalizing of Peter Bare, alias Baron), doftor of phyfick, and Maty his wife.

18.	An act for the naturalizing of

James DefmaiJlres of the parim of St.	Buttolphes without	, and

Mary his Wife.

19.	An act for the naturalizing of Fabian Smith.

20.	An act for the naturalizing of

John Ramfden.

Anno 7 Jacobi.

Cap. 1. For the better execution of juftice, and fupprefling of criminal offenders, in the north parts Of the kingdom of England.

Cap. i. That all such as are to be naturalized or reftored in blood, shall first receive the facramertt of the Lord’s fupper, and the oath of allegiance ahd the oath of fupTe-macy.

Cap, 5. For the continuing and bet-

ter maintenance of bulbandry and other Manual occupations, tty the true impkoytnent of monies given and to be given for the binding oat of apprentices.

Cap. 4. For the due execution of divers laws and statutes heretofore made against rogues, vagabonds, and fturdy beggars, and other lewd and idle perfons.

Cap. 5. For eafe in pleading trouble-

' tome and contentious fitits profe-cuted against justices of the peace, mayors, conftablesy and certain o-ther his Msyefty’s officers, for the lawful execution of their office.

Cap. 6. For adminiftring the oath of allegiance and reformation of married women rcoolants.

Cap. 7. For the punifhing and correcting of deceit and frauds committed by fetters, kembers, and fpinfters of wool, and weavers of woolenyarn.

Cap. 8. To inlaige an aft of pariia-meftt made In the fccond and third year of King Philip and Queen Mary, intituled. An alt for keeping of tnikb kine, or breeding and rearing of cahes.

Cap. 9. For the bringing of frefh ftreams of water by engine from Hackney Marfb to the city of London, for the benefit of the King’s college at Chelfea.

Cap. io. For reformation of alehoufe-keepers.

Cap. 11. To prevent the fpoil of corn and grain by untimely hawking, and for the better prefervation of pheafents and partridges.

Cap. 12. To avoid the double payment of debts.

Cap. 13. For the explanation of one statute nude in the fecond feflion of this present parliament, intituled, An all against unlawful andft eating of deer and conies.

Cap. 14. For reviving of part of a former aft made in the fourth vear pf King Edward the Fourth, That

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

no ftranger or alien shall buy Eng-lijb horns unwrought, and that the wardens of the horners of the city of London for the time being, IhouM have power to fearch all manner of wares appertaining to their myfte-ry in London and twentyrfour miles . on every fide of it.

Cap. 15. Concerning fome manner of aifignment of debts to his Majesty.

Cap. 16. For the encouragement of • many poor people .in Cumberland and JVeJimorlandy and in the towns and parilhes of Carptmelly Oxhead and jBrougbtony in the county of Laruafiery to continue a trade of making cogware, kendals, carpt-meals and coarfe cottons.

Cap. 17. To prevent burning of ling, heath, &c. in certain counties in fuxnmer.

Cap. z8. For the taking, landing, and carrying of fea-fand for the bettering of ground, and for the increafe of com and tillage, within the counties of Devon and Cornwall.

Cap. 19. Forthe continuance and reparation of a new built wear upon the river of Exe, near unto the city of Exeter.

Cap.20. Forthe fpeedy recovery of many thousand acres of marfh

. ground and other ground within the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, lately furrounded by the rage of the fea in divers parts of the said counties, and for the preyention of the danger of the like furrpupd jng hereafter.

Cap. 21. For confirmation pf decrees hereafter to be made in the exche-r quer-chamber and’ duchy-court, concerning copyhold lands and tenements.

Cap. 22. For confirmation of a fubfi-dy granted by the clergy to the

King.

Cap. 23. For one fubfidy and one fifteen granted to the King by the tempqralty.

Cap, 24. For a confirmation of the King’s general and free pardon.

Private ABs.

Anno 7 Jacobi.

1.	An a& for confirmation of feve« ral decrees made in the court of exchequer chamber, and duchy chamber, between the King’s majesty and divers copyholders of his Majesty’s manor pf Wakefield in the county of York.

2.	An act for confirmation of a der

cree made in the court of exchequer chamber, between the King’s majesty and the copyholders of his Majesty’s manor olEdelmeton* alias Edmonton, in the county of Mtddle-fex.	,

3.	An a& for the perfeA creation and confirmation of certain copyhold lands in the honour, caftle, manor or lordfhip of Ctitberowe, or in the

. several manors or lordfhips of Der-by> Accaringtony Colne and Ightenbilly in the county of Lancajler.

4.	An act for the alluring and eftabr lifhing of the ifle of Man.

5.	An act for the explanation of a provifo or branch of a statute contained in an aS of parliament made in the years of the reign of our fovereign lord King James y of Englandy France and Ireland the Fourth, and of Scotland the Fortieth, intituled, An act for tbe eftablijbment and affurance of divers of the pojfef-ftons and hereditaments of Ferdinan-do late earl of Derby.

6.	An act for the aflurance of certain lands and rent to the bifhop of Du-refme and his fuccefiors, and of certain other lands to Robert earl of Salijbury and his heirs.

7.	An act for the naturalizing of fir Robert Karrey knight.

8.	An act for the naturalizing of mi-ftrefs Jane Drummondy gentlewoman of the Queen’s majesty’s bedchamber.

g. ^n a$ for the fale qf th? manor .of

Bretts

A TABLE bf the STATUTES.

llretts and farm of Plafiowe in the County of Effex, parcel of the pof-feflions of Henry earl of Oxen ford, towards the repurchasing of the caftle, manor and parks of Henning -ham in the fame county, being the ancient inheritance and chief man-fion houfe of the earls of Oxenford.

to. An ad for the alluring of the farm and demeines of Darner-bam and other lands in WiUjbire, according to his Majesty*s grant, and a former grant made by King Edward the Sixth.

ii.	An ad for the'foundation of an hofpital, a grammar fchool, and maintenance of a preacher, in the town of Tbetfbrd, for ever according to the last will and teftament of Richard FuUmarJlon, knight. 1

12* An ad for the naturalizing of John Murray, John Levingfion, and John Aucbmothy, grooms ot his Majesty’s bedchamber, and Richard Murray, warden ofMancbefter.. ,

13.	An ad for the naturalizing of Levinus Munke, one . of the clerks of his Majesty’s fignet.

14.	An ad for the confirming and eftablifhing of a decree made in the high court of chancery, for and on the behalf of nine poor children and orphans of William Elrington and Edward Elrington, against Edward Cage, executor of the last will and teftament of Rowland Elrington, brother of the said Edward and William Elrington, and uncle of the said children, and for the extending of the lands and goods of the said Edward Cage, for the fpeedy execution and performance of the said decree, and the payment and fetisfadion of the Turns of money thereby decreed to the said children.

15.	An ad for the naturalizing of Ro-bert Browne, his Majesty’s fervant in ordinary.

16.	An ad tor confirmation of certain fines levied by John Arundtll of

Guarnack, efquire*, to John Armdetl of Treriji, efquire, aeceafed, and for fettling of the manors, lands* * tenements and hereditaments comprised in the said fines, upon John Arundell, efquire, and his heirs, foil of the said John Arundell, deceafed.

17.	An ad to enable Edward Nevill, , lord Bergavenny, and fir Henry Ne* viU\ knight, his eldeft Ton, to alien certain lands, for payment of their

-	debts, and advancement of their daughters and younger Tons, and

*	for better afTurance of other lands lately purchafed by the said lord from his Majesty.

18.	An ad for th^ reftitution in blood of the fon and two daughters* of

. George Brooke, late attainted of high treason. ...

iQ. An ad for thedifunitingof the par-

. fonages of AJbe and Deane within the county of Southampton, being pre-

*	. Tentative and with the cure of fouls.

oo* An ad for the naturalizing of

Henry Gibb, groom of the bed-

-	chamber to the moft excellent prince Henry prince of Wales.

21.	An adforine of part of the lands of William Effexof Lamborne in the

' county of Berks, efquire, for the payment of his debts, and fettling the refidue upon himfelf and his pofterity.

22.	An ad for the relief of John Hol-dich, gentleman, difinherited by the extraordinary amending of the errors of a fine.

23.	An ad for. the naturalizing of fir George Ramfty, knight, equerry of the moft excellent prince Henry, Walter Alexander, gentleman ufher of the said prince Henry, and John Sandilandis, groom of the said prince his bedchamber.

24.	An ad for the naturalizing of Peter Vanloore of Fancburcb-JIreet, London, merchant.

25.	An ad for the fecuring and confirming of certain lands and tenements, heretofore granted, devifed

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

or conveyed to the companies of Boyle, citizen and mercer of London. falters ana brewers of London. 32. An ad far the enabling of

26.	An adfor the uniting and annex-	c(quire, to make foie

- ing of ebe parfenage and decayed of certain lands for the paymentof pprifh of	From	Whitfield,in $he his debts,	and the advancement of

county of Derfet, to the ©arfonage	his younger ions and daughters,

and parifh or the Holy Trinity in 33. An ad for the naturalizing of Donoefter, in the said county.	Richard Bledwell, John BLuhueil, and

*7. An ad to confirm and enable the Robert BladweU, the fens of enedaon and eftabliffament of an	n Eaglifiansn, George Ttief-

hofpitad, a free grammar fchool,	den and	Hafden the ions, and

and (undry other godly and ehari-	Martin	Hafden the wife of John

table, ads and ufes, done and in-	Hafden,	an Englfibman, Elizabeth

tended to be -done and performed	Cradeck	and Ana* Cradeek, the

by Thomas	Sutton,efquwe.	daughters of WtBan Cradeek an

28.	An ad for mailing void of certain ' Englifiman Jane alias Janekyn

conveyances, and the eilates limits fines, and Elizabeth Van Biucbton. ed thereby, unduly gotten from fir 34. An ad.for the .confirmation the Homy Cnfie, knight,wfaereby he is fide and conveyance of divers tea-defrauded of the inheritance of di-	nos, lord (hips, liberties, and other

vers manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments, late heKditaments lying in >tbe county	s,	efquire,	nude	by	fir	Thomas

of Kent, and for the eftablilhing of Mime, knight, Cbrijlofher Hirne, •the inheritance of the.fame in the gentleman, and Clement Hirne, said fir Henry Crdfpt and his heirs.	efquire, untofir

29.	- An adt for the enabling of the af- knight, and dame Bridget his wife, farance of certain lands conveyed 35. An adfor-tbe naturalizing of

for the portions of .three of the Mounfy. .

daughters of Jobit Wentworth, e- 36. Anad for the naturalizing of Jo-fquire, and for the confirmation of

certain other eftates for life in other daughter of Matthew Greenfmith, lands, and to enable fir John Went- citizen and grocer of London, worth, knight, to.fell certain lands 37. An ad for confirmation of three for the payment of his debts.	feveral writings indented, purport -

30.	An ad for the enabling of Rcgi~ ing and letting forth the revocations

naId Rous of Badlingbam in the conn-	of three several conveyances or af-

ty of Suffolk, genrleman, to make finances made by fir Robert Drury, fale of the third part-of the manor knight, unto divers perfbns, upon of BadingbambaUveith the appurte-

certain other lands and tenements Margaret Clarke, wife of Robert with the appurtenances in Bading- Clarke, gentleman. bam,	Tymington, and	LittleGlemham, 39. An ad for the amending of a writ

in the said county of Suffolk, to Re-	of entry whereupon a common re-

ginald Rous of the Inner Temple, Lon-	covery was had of the inheritance

don, efquire, nephew to the (aid Re-	of fir Byron, knight, within

ginald Rous of	Badinglsam. the county palatine of	•

31.	An ad for the naturalizing of 40. An ad for the naturalizing the Edward Palmer, and Henry Painter,	right reverend father in God George

forts of William Palmer of Uli/bing,	Montgomery, lord bifliop of Derry

and of Mitbael B oyle, the (on of James	in	and

nances, and of the third part of

fir

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fir High Montgomery, knight, and Hugh and James Montgomery, chfl-dren of the said fir Hugh Montgomery.

41.	An ad for the naturalizing of Martinus Schonerus, ordinary phyfi-cian to the Queen’s majesty, Dorothy Seelkyn, and EngeUa Scttkyn, two maids of the Queen’s majesty's bedchamber, Katherine Bermeken, fer-vaftt to the Queen’s majesty, Wotfang Rambler, apothecary in or-dmaiy to the King and Queen's majesty, and Ama de Lobell alias Wolfang Rambler, his wife.

42.	An aft to tnake one writing indented, bearing date the ninth day of March in tne first year of hi$ Majesty’s reign of England* made by Chrijlopher Smith, efquire, and MiUicent Smith his fon and heir apparent, purporting a revocation of the ufes and eftates of the manor of Water Newton in the county df'Hun-tingdony and of divers lands, tenements and hereditaments in the said writing of revocation mentioned, to have the foil force and power of a perfeft deed of revocation, according* to the purport of the said writing, and according to the true intent and meaning of the parties thereunto, whereby the said ARlli-. cent Smith may be enabled to make fale for the payment of his debts.

Anno 18 Jacobi.

Cap. r. For three intire fubfidies granted by the fp’nitualty.

Cap. 2. For two intire fubfidies granted by the temporalty.

Private A3.

Anno 18 Jacobi.

I.	An aft containing the cenfure given in parliament against fir Qyles Mompeffon, fir Francis Mitckelly Francis vifcount Saint Athane* lord chancellor of England, and Edward Flood.

Anno 21 Jacobi.

Cap. 1. For the reviving and making perpetual of one aft made In the nine and thirtieth year of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An act for erefting rf hofpitah, and abiding and working-houfes for the poor.

Cap. 2. For the general quiet of the fubjefts against all pretence of concealment whatfoever.

Cap. 3. Concerning monopolies and difpenfations with penal laws, and the forfeitures thereof.

Cap. 4. For the eafe of the fubjeft, concerning informations upon penal statutes.

Cap. 5. That (heriffs, their heirs, executors and admmiftrators, having a Quietus eft* shall be abfolutely dif-charged of their accounts.

Cap. 6. Concerning women convift-ed of fmall Felonies.

Cap. 7. For the better vtprefitng 6f orunkennefs, and reftraming the inordinate haunting of inns, ale-houfes and other viftualling-houfe*.

Cap! 8. To prevent the abides in pro-

coring procefe and fuperjedeas or the peace and good behaviour, out of his Majesty's courts at Wtjlminjlery and to prevent the abufes in procuring writs of certiorari out of the said courts, for the removing of indiftmentsfbund before justices of the peace in their general feffions.

Cap. q. For yhe free trade and traffick of Weljh clothe cottons, frizes, linings and plains, in and through the kingdom of England and dominion .orWales.

Cap. 10. For fepeal of one branch of the statute made in the feflion of parliament holden by prorogation at Wejlminfter the 22d day of January in the 34th year of the reign of l6ng Henry the Eighth, intituled, An act for certain ordinances in the Kings j&nr/ly's dominion a.id principality of Wajes.

Cap. 11. For confirming a judgnetit

given k

A TABLE of the STATUTES;

given in chancery for the revoking and annulling of certain letters patents granted to Henry Herony for the foie privilege of faking, drying, and packing of iifh within the counties of Drjon and Cornwall■

Cap* 12- To enlarge and make perpetual the aft made for eafein pleading, against troublefome and contentious fuits profecuted against ju-flices of the peace, mayors, confta-bles, and certain other his Majesty’s officers, for die lawful execution of their office, made in the feventh year of his. Majesty’s moft happy feign.

Cap. 13. For the further reformation of jeofails.

Cap. 14.. To admit the fubje<ft to plead the general ifluc in informations of intnifions brought on the behalf of the King’s majesty, and retain his pofleffion till trial.

Cap* 15. To enablejudges and justices of the peace, to give reftitution of pofieffion in certain cafes. '

Cap. 26. For limitation of actions, and for avoiding of fuits in law.

Cap* 17. Against ufuiy.

Cap* 1$. For continuance of a former a<ft made in the fourth year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for tht trut making of woollen cloths, and for fome additions and alterations in and to the'fame.

Cap. 19. For die further defeription of a bankrupt, and relief of creditors against such as shall become bankrupts, and for inflicting corporal punifhment upon the bankrupts in fome fpecial cafes.

Cap. 20. To prevent and reform profane swearing and curling.

Cap. 21. Concerning hoftlers and innholders.

Cap. 22. For the explanation of the statutes made in the 3d, 4th, and 5th years of King Edward the Sixth, concerning the traders of butter and cheefe.

Cap. 23. For avoiding of vexatious delays, caufed by removing adions and fuits out of inferior courts.

Cap. 24. For the relief of creditors against such persons as die in execution.

Cap. 25. For the relief of patentees, tenants and farmers of crown-lands and duchy-lands, or of lands within the furvey of the court of wards and liveries, in cafes of forfeiture for not payment of their rents, or other fervice or duty.

Cap. 26. Against such as {hall levy any fine, mffer any recovery, knowledge any ftatute, recognizance, bail or judgment, in the name of any other person or persons not be-ing privy and conferlting thereto, tap. 2jk To prevent the, deftroy-ing and numbering of baftard children.

Cap. 28. For continuing and reviving of divers statutes, and repeal of divers others.

Cap. 29. To enable the moft ex-; cellent prince Charles, to make leafes of lands, parcel of his high-nefs duchy of Cornwall, or annexed . to the fame.

Cap. 30. For a mefluage, called York-houjej and other tenements belonging. to the archbifliop of York> af-furedtothe King’s majesty and his fucceflors, in exchange of several manors, i$c. in the county of York, given to Toby, archbifliop of York, and his fucceflors.

Cap. 21. For incorporating the makers of knives and other cutlery wares in Hallamjbire in the county of . York.

Cap. 32. For making the river of T?^-mes navigable for barges, boats and lighters, from the village of Bercoty in the county of Oxon, unto the univerfity and city of Oxon.

Cap. 33. For four intire fubfidies granted by the fpiritualty.

Cap. 34. For three intire fubfidies, and three fifteens and tenths granted by the temporalty.

Cap. 35.

A TA&LE of the- STATUTES.

Cap. jj. Acoitffrmatiofr of the King’s general ttad1 free pardon.

Private Anno21 Jacobi. .

1.	Ah ad for the confirmation of

Wadham college in Oxford, and the pofleflions thereof.

2.	An. ad for the naturalizing of Philip Burlematchi of London, merchant.

31 An act for the naturalizing of Gil/X Vandeput of	London,merchant.

4.	An ad to enable William earl of Hertford, and fir Francis StyWotir, knight, brother Of the said ear), to convey certain lands for pay-, ment of his debts, andfor eltabli thing of other lands in lieu thereof, ana of better value.

5.	An ad for the. naturalizing of fir Robert Anjlrother, knight, ohe of the gentlemen of his Majelly’sy privy-chamber, ‘fir George Aber-

tromy,knight, late gentleman of the robes to the late Queen Anne of worthy memory, and John Cragge, dodor of phylick, phyfician to the high ahd mighty pnnce Charles, your Majesty VdearelV fon.

6.	An ad tor confirmation of tKe co-

pyhold eftates and cuftoms of divers copyholders of the manors of Stepney and	Hackruy, according to

certain indentures of agreement, and a decree in the high court of chancery, made between the lord of the said manors and the copy-holders.

7.	An ad for confirmation of the af-furance of certain lands fold by fir Thomas Beamond, knight and baronet, lord vifcount Beaumond of Swoords in the kingdom of Ireland, and dame Elizabeth his wife, unto fir Thomas Chech,knight. , '

8.	An ad for ereding a free fcnool,.

• an almlhoufe, ana an houfe of ■ corredion within the county of ‘	Lincoln.

Vox.. VII.	-

9.	An a<ft to enable Martin Calthtrpl, Cfqtiire, to tiuke fale of cei^n lands for preferment of hisyoubg-er children, and’payment of ius ' itebt's.	.

zb. An ad for the fettling add alluring of the manor of	and

other lands of fir Edward knight. '	.

n. An ad for the naturalizing of E-. lizabeth Peers and Mary Peers, daughters of fit Horace Veete, , knight.

An ad toenable dame Alict Dudley wife ,6f fir Robert DkdJey,

. knight, to allure her dilate in the manor of Killingworth, and other lands in the county of Warwick, for valuable confideritioh, to the prince’s highnefs and his heirs.

13.	An ad for confirmation of an exchange of lands between the moll excellent prince Charles and fu\ Lewis Watfon, knight and barb-

: net.

14.	An ad for the fettling of Certain

manors and lands of the right honourable Anthony vifcounf Mounta-gut, towards the payment Of his debts and railing of his daughters portions. . ..	.	'

15.	An ad to enable fir Bichard Lum-

ley, knight, to fell divers manors and lands for the payment of his debts, and preferment of hisyoung-er children. .	.

16.	An ad for the confirmation ojf a decree in chajiceiy, made by tlie„ confent of the lord of the manor df

Painfwick in the county' of Gioic- „ '	eefler, and the cuilomary tenants Of

the fame manor.

17.	An ad for the naturalizing of fir* Francis Stewart, knight, Walter

Stewart,yarns Maxwell, William Carr, and James Levingfom, ef-. quires. ...

18.	An ad for the naturalizing of John Tiituge dodor of divinity, ahd

* aeari of “the cathedral church of IVimheJlir'.

b	‘	ig.	An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. i. (2.) For the further reformation of sundry abufes committed on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday.

Cap. 2. (3.) To reftrain the parting or fending of any to be pophhly bred beyond the leas.

Cap. 3. (4.) .For. the better fuppref-fipgof ualicenfed alchoufe-keepcrs. x Cap. v (>)For repeal and continuance ofdivers statutes.	,	,

Cap. 5. (6.) For confirming a lafe . compofition made with the tenants of Bromfield and Tale in the county of Denbigh*

Cap. 6. (7 J. For five fubfidies granted . by the fpiritualty.

Cap. 7. (8.) For five fubfidies grant-. ed by the temporally*

. Private ASts*

Anno 3 Carols.

X, An act for the dffablifhing and confirming of the foundation of the ‘ hofpital of King James, founded in Charterhoufe in the county of Mid-dlefex, at the humble petition and* only cofts and charges of Thomas Sutton, efquire, and of the poflef-fions thereof.

2.	An act for aflurance of a jointure to dame Frames wife of fir Thomas Nevill, knight, fon and heir apparent of fir Henry Nevill, knight, lord Abergavenny; and to enable the fame lord and fir Thomas to Tell certain lands for payment of tK$ir debts, and preferment of th$ir

- younger children.

3.	* An aft concerning the inheritance,

.freehold and pofleffions of JVilliqm carl of Devon.]/. ,	^

4.	An aft concerning the title, name and dignity of earl of Arundell, and far the annexing of the cattle,

. honourv manor and lordfhip tof Arundell in the county of Suffix, with the titles :aqd dignitips of the . baronies of FitzaUen Chut and Of vjaldejlre and JdatrxtverL, and

divers other lands, tenements and hereditaments hereafter in this ad* mentioned* being now parcel of

*	the pofleffions of Thomas earl ’ of Arundell and Surry earl marfhal of England, to the fame title,, name ana dignity of earl of Arundell:

54 An act for the enabling of the right honourable Dutton, lord Gerard baron of Gerards Bromley, to'make a j| jointure to any wife which he fhali J ' hereafter marry, arid to make pro- j vifion for any his younger children, and for the better fecuring of portions and limitation of maintenance fox Alice. Gerard, Frances Gerard and

*	Elizabeth Gerard, fitters of the.faid

Dutton lord Gerard, and daughters | of the late! right honourable Gilbert lord Gerard aeceafed’	r	'.

6.	An act for the confirmation of letters patents made by our late fove-reign lord* King James to John earl of Brijlol, by the name of John Digbyi knight.

7'. An act for re-eftating certain manors, lands and tenements in the county of \Somerfet, late of IVilKam Morgan of Penrofe in the county of Monmouth, efquire, and difeharging . the truft. concerning them.

8.	An act for the naturalizing of fir Robert Dyell, knight, one of the

: gentlemen, of his Majesty’s privy chamber-,'and GidrgtKerke, efquire, one of the grooms of hi$ Majesty’s bedchamber* , f

9.	An act for tfeie naturalizing of fir < Daniell DeSgnt of Harlaxton in the county of Lincoln*, khight.

to. An act for the mturalixing of /fast AJlcley,HenryAft*hyyThomas Aflehy, arid Bernard AfleUy, children and - Tons of fir J&ob A/lelef, knight, one of the younger (ons of Ifaac Aftcley, 'fateoiMAtmConJlable in the county of Norfolk, efquire, deceafed.

11* An act for the naturalizing of fir Robert Ayton, knight. *

*2. An act for the naturalizing of So- I 4 mad Potvtlly born at ifanbortugh in

the

A f A$LE <*f the STATUTES.

the parts.beypad fcas °f parents. //.-,,	| .

13.. An' act, for the amendment of a WQjrdcafiiaUy xmftakefi and mifwrit-tep m. an aapf parliament made in the ie^on of parliament holden Jftehmnjifr tte/oiheteepth; day of Ftorwry'm the one and twentieth ..yearpf the.reignof <jpr late fov*-reignlon! Kang fames of England, intituled,' An aft to enable Vincent Lowe. ^Denbigh in the county of Derby, efquire,* to fell part of his land for paymentjf his debts, cap> 25.

14.	*. An a£\ fpr the .naturalizing of Ale^nder^ Levingjlon^ gentlepian, * >

15.	Analt Forthenaturalizingof fames Freefe born in Ruffm.

16.	"An .alVfor restitution in blood of

Carm*Raleigh, fon of (\t Walter Raleigh late attainted of high tre^-fon,\ and^br cpnikm^tion of certain letters patents made by our late fo-ver$Ign lord Kingjames to John earl of Tfrifloh by the narpe of John bight) knight, '	(	!

17- An	for the naturalizing of John

. Alderfeyy aMary. A\derjey '% now. the wife,of Robert. Croftt* Anne Jltkrfey* Elizabeth Alder fey»and Margaret Air derfey7 children .of $a/nuel Alderfey of the city of London^ efquire. x8. Ao a<5t for the mfe^ fettling and confirmation of tne.eftatcs and cut-

1 Anno 16 Carols.

Cap. 1. For the preventing of i neon-veniencies happening by the long interijnUfion of parliament.

_Cap. 2. For relief of his Majesty's _1( army,* and,, the northern parts of thelungdoaL Cap. 3. For the reforming of Ibme _ • things miftafccn fcuhe late alt ma& this present parliament, for the granting of four Ibbfidics, intituled,

, \An act for the relief of Ifis Majeffs

I ,army.{ f.\ ♦ / *

‘Cap. 4. For the further relief of his JMajcfty’s ajmyr and tl}e northern 4 * p^s of the kingdom. ..	7-.

■Jpajf. 5. For thebqtef railing and le-. ;* vyh^B bf mariner^, tailors, and o-,7 there, for die prefect guarding of the feas, and ncceffaryr defence of r-.thc rfalm.

'Cap. 6. Concerning the limitation and 7 fbbreyjation of Michaelmas term. Cap.y. To.pr.evci# ineonveniencies by the uutiujeJy., adjournment of . %pacliapicnfS»., ,	;	f	.

Cap. 8., A iubfidy ffanted^o the King of tonnage, poundage,, and other fpoisof money payable UP<**

4I .ebandize e^pprtfd,gad imported. Cap.9. For the fpppdy pjrovifioi* of ' money far, dilbandrog the armies.

,aod fettling the,peace pf the two

toms- of jhe cuftomary tenants of ’ ;< kingdoms of England and Scotland. .the right honourable' Heriry now 'Cap. 10. For, the regulating of the

lord. Morley and* lord . Mtiuniegle% baron, of) Ryey within the manor of Homely and elfewKcrc within the tpwnfhips of Tathani) Greffnfhetm and. BJtrigg in the county palatine of Laricaflerv	, ■;

'19. An all for the naturalizing of John Trumball and Ann Trumball) children of William Trumball) enquire, and of William. Berey Ed-ward Bert and Sidney Berey fons of John Berey efquire, and of Samuel Wentworth fon of William Went-worth of Dover) merchant.

.privy council, and Tor taking away the courtcommonlycalled the Star-Chamber. 1	•

Cap. 11. A- rcpealof the branch of a statute Prime Elhyabetbm% coacem-4 mg commUfioners for caufos ecdfc-./faftical,	-1

Cap. 12. A fubfidy granted tQ the King of tonnage; and poundage, and other Turns of, money payable • * yfP? merchandize? exported '*and

iti|pjqjted.	-*

ap. i^fFor the fecuring fiich mo-r,d|ftUs as are or shall be due to the b 3	inhabitant*

A TABLE of the ST ATUTES.

inhabitants of the county of York, and the other adjoining counties, wherein his Majeity's army is or hath been billeted.

Cap. 14. For the declaring unlawful and void thelktc proceedings ’touching fhip-'mohey,aiid fyt the vacating all records and proceft cbncem-ihg thd feme. ’ ’ * '	’

Cap. 15. Against divers incroach-- merits aha opprcffibns in theftan-hary iourts.'!.J1 Cap. 16. Tor the certainty of forefts, and of the meets, meers, limits'and bounds of fhe forefts.	’	*

Gap. kj. For the papificatipn between England and Seillond'. '

-Cap. 18/ For ■'ftciiring by pbblick ‘ faith, the remainder of tne friendly bfliftanfce ahtf relief premifed to bur brethren of Scotland: *' ’'

Cap. 19. For confirming 911 q&t foj the better ordering and regulating of the office of clerk of the market, and 'for the reformation of falfe Weights and meaiures.

Cap. 20. For the prevention of vexatious proceedings touching the order of knighthdod.

and bailors for the guarding the feaf and his Majesty’s kingdoms.

Cap. 27. For the disenabling al) pef-lbnS.in holy orders to Cxtrcife any

■	temporaljurifdidi'ion or adthbrity. Cap, 28! For the raifing of fbldiers ' foV'the defence' of Enghn^'iaA Ire-

■	W;n •	‘ ‘	—	•••■'	•

Cap. 29. A fiibfidy mntd to the King of tonnageanq poundage and othdr futns of money pfyabfe Upon jnefchandiae exported aftdimport-eij.

Cap.'30. For a contribution and loan ’ for the djftreflbd people of Ireland: Cap. 31. A fubfiay granted to the King of tbnriage ana poundage and other fums of money payable upon merchandize exported and imported.

Cap. 3a. For the railing, and levying ‘ of monies for .the necefiarv defence;

and great dffeirs Of the kingdoms ’ bf England and Ireland, and for the payrhent of ddbts undertaken by parliament*. ’

Capi ji'For the reducing the rebels in Inland to tneirbbedlencetohis Majesty, apd the croton ofEngland.

pSp. if.'‘For theftee bringing in of pap. 34. For the. explanation of a ‘ - gunpowder arid ftltpetre from f<q- former a£t for the reducing the re

reign parts, and for the free shaking • of gunpowder m: this realm. '

C ip:22. A AiUidy* granted to - the - King dt Wrinage and pouhdage, and dfoOrfotlnis of moneys payable upon nierdiindize exported and imported.'*'	*•’	!

Cap. 23. For the raifing of mariners -arid feilors ‘forthf guarding' of tHe feas and hisMajefty’sdominions. Cap, *4.; To-relieve captive? taken ’ by the Turks, and to preVent the taking of Others hereafter/"	1	•

Cap.’ 25. A ibpfidy granted to the *- King of tonnage 2ndpoundage, fi from thehft of	f65j.f.	to

the first of FA. next, aA&mklijk*

- liritil the 2d Of* July 1642^1 ,fIf; - ‘ Cap. 26. For tha-raifing of matihers.

bels in Ireland:

Cap. 35.' To fcnabje corporations to adventure in Ireland. 1	’

Cap. 36. A fubfldy granted to the

*	King of tonnage, poundage, and

other furns Of money payable upon merchandize exported 2nd imported. •	...........

Cap. 37: For the further reducing of

*	the rebels' in Ire&nd to their <nte-dience to the ICing and crown of

'f tirrl/rn/f	^ 1 ~	'•	-	*‘-

Private afts.

Anne x6Gored.

1.	a£t for the attainder of

' - earl bf Strafford of high ireafon.

2.	An aft to enable the marquis of IVmcbeficrXo grant eftates for three

l»vq4

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

lives or one and twenty years,

' pf lands in the county of ' ampton, (Ac. referring the old rents.

3.	An a (ft for naturalizing of Dorothy

Spencer,daughter of Henry lord Spencer baron	Spencer.of Wormletghton.

4.	An a (ft for the enabling of the foie * and leafing of lands for payment of - the -debts' of Thomas late earl of

Wincheljea.

5.	An act for foe fettling and eftat-' ing upon the right honourable the

ladv-	Elizabetheountefs dowager

of	Exeter,her heirs and affigns for

ever, the fcite of the hofpital of Saint Leonards without the town of 'Nrwarte upon Trent in the county *>f Nottingham, with the dwelling-Ing’ hoiife aqd other buildings thereupon built, and of certain doles And grounds’ parcel of the

«ons of the foid hofpital, aqd e 'annexing of divers landf and tenements of better value, being the’ inheritance of 'the -fold eountefs, unto the pofieffibps" of the foid hofpital for ever, in lfeti of the fome. < ’	’•	'	r

p.	An afttfor the malting of the cha-r pel of Hoole in the cotanty of

tafter a parifti chtirch, andtio pan of the pariftrof Crtftonl'

7.	’An aS for John	free	fchool

- withih the parifh of Alton in thi

county of Southampton. ........

8.	An adt for the folding of aertam 1‘ manors, lands, tenements ahd h£ redltalnfents on KatBeritie eountefs ’dowager of Bedford, William now earl of Bedford,John and Edward, RiifflU, dquires, ‘ IbnS of Francis eaxYrf Bedford deceafod*.

q.	An adt for the confirmdtion'of his *• Majesty’S letters patents to the towh of Plimtutb, and for dividing the

Earilh,' and building of »’■ n edr hurch there..	*

1 a. An adt forthe alteration of the eftate and' tenure' of fome lands within the parilh of Fulham ip the . cojmty of	Middlefex, held of the lord

bilhopof London as of Kisipanor of

Fulham.

11.	An adt to fettle the manor of Bel-

grave and other lands in the county of Leicefler to and upon William Byerley, efquire, his heirs and affigns, for and towards payment of the debts of William	D,eiquire,

deceafed.

12.	An adt to enable fir Alexander Denton,knight, to fell foe manor of

Great Barferd alias Barford Sainf Michael, apd other lands m this - prefent adt mentioned, for foe payment of his debts and preferpaent of his younger children.

23. An ad for foe aflurine of a mef-foage called	Dure tioufe alias

Durham Hmfe, and pertain ftahles, part of foepofleffionsof foe bifhop of Durham, fituate in the parifo of Saint Martin in the Fitids in the county of Middlefex,unto foe light honourable Philip earl of Pentbrtiot

■ and Mowetgomerie and his hens, and of a Yearly rent of two hundred potlnds per annum to the &id bifhop of Dirham and his fuccefiors in lieu thereof.

Anne ti II.

Cap. 1. For removing and preventing all queftions and duputes concern;-- ing foeafiembhng and fitting of this present parliament.

Cap. 2. For putting'in execution an •' eid|nance mentioned m the foid aft. Cap). 3. For the continuance pf pro-•'* eefe and judicial proceedings continued.	9

Cap.’ 4. A fobfidy granted to the King ' of tonAage and poundage, ana q-ther-films of money, payable upon merchandize exported and imported. ’	'

Cap. j.:For continuing thp excife untu the twentieth of Augujl 1660. Cap. 6. For foe prefent nominating of dommiflioners of fewen, and the statute of Henry the Eighth to continue in force.

b'4	Cap.	7.

Cap.

7- For

A T ABLE of the ST ATUTE'S.'

For reform? upto James marquis of Ormond aQ his honours, manors,, lands and tenements in Ireland^ ’^hereof.he was in poflef-‘fion the, ,23d; day qf Qilober 164.1. or at :my trai'e fipce.

Cap. 8. For continuing the excife till ".the-. 25th day of December-1660.

Cap. 9. For the fpeedy provifion of . money for di (banding and paying off the forces of this kingdom, noth, hy land and fo,

Capl io. .Explanations df certain- de-taiilta in. an sua,. intituled? Matt ’ fajfafpf*^! Prpvjjftop tfjjunty for SiJbariMfr	m\PWWn	*bt. faces

- tphjm^dm bofi><	(and and fa-.

Cap. t|.\for.firee and generalpardpn, indqn^nity. ^rifd obHviqq. , v Cap. fi. Forcpnfirroatiop of judicial Iproceediflgfc	,

.Cap. 131! Fof thereftraimng-the taking 'OTCfceiJive ufury.

.Capl 14. f'pr a ^perpetual anniversary . thankfgtYmg on the nine and twen-' tjeth-d^qf Ufay, .

Cap. *5. Fpr the fpeedy di&anding of the aypy snd .garrilpn* .of this kingdom, with inftra&ipns for jthe

. fame. . . .	____

Cap. 16.. For enabling, the foldiers . of.the-aip^.now pbe difondLed,

; . to ei^r^fe . trades. .. .

Cap-. 17. ,For tKe confirpijog and re-ltoring of minifters. . , t.;.

Cap. jt8. For die epcouragipg and iro-cfeafingof flipping and navigatipn. Cap. 19. T/itpreyent frauds ana con-. ccalments of,his,	cufoms

and fubnafes.	I, ',

Cap-, aq. J'or t^e railing of fevenfcorp thousand pounds, for the.opmpleat disbanding of the. whole army, end paying part of the navy. , Cap.	2i.For the fpeedy raifing.of fe-

venty thousand pounds for the pro-lent fupply of his Majesty.

Cap. 22. For the regulating, of the trade of bay-making in- the Dutch bay.-hall in	ColcbejUr« .

Cap. 23. A grant of certain impofi-tions upon beer, ale, and other li-quors, fofvthe increafe of his Ma-.1 jelly’s revenue during his life. jCap. 24. For taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures . in cafitA,and by knights fervicc, . and. purveyance, and far fettling a revqpue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof.

Cap. 25.: For the better ordering the felling of- wines by retail, .. ai>d,for preventing abufes in the mingling^ corrupting and vitiating , qf wipes, and for fpttling and limit-, jng <he prices of.the fame. .

Cap. 26. For the levying of the ar-rears of the twelve months aflefT-ment,commencingthea4th oijune ■ *659. and the fix : months afleiT-. ment, commencing the 25th of : December 1659. -Cap. 27. For granting unto the King’s majesty four hundred and twenty thousand pounds, by an afteflinent . of threefcore and ten thousand pounds by the months for fix months, for dilbanding the re-. raainder of die army, and paying afftbe navy.

Cap.. 28 j For further fupplying and explaining certain defects in an a<£t, ipptuled, An oft fa	fpeedy

yifunef money fa dijboudmg and paying off the fortes of this kingdom both , .by land and fee.

.Cap, 29. For the fpoedy raifing of fe-. venty thoufand.pounds for the pre-fent fupply of his Majesty.

Cap; 30. For the attainder of several . perrons guilty of the horrid murder of his late faci^d Msyefty KingC^rZf x the Fjrft.	•	••

Cap. 31, Leafes and grants from colleges and hofpitals confirmed.

Cap. 32.: For prohibiting the exportation of wool, wqotfels, - fullers - earth, or any kind of fcouring earth, Cap’. 33. For confirmation-of marri-•agpv

Cap. 34,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 34. For prohibiting the planting. Jetting of (owing of tobacco in England and -Ireland*

Cap. 35. For eredting and eftablifti-ing a poft-office!

Cap. 36. The mafter. of the 'roll* for the time being, impowered tq^iake leafes for years, in order to new build .the old houses belonging tp the rolls.

Cap. 37. For making the preclndt of Covent-Garden parochial.

Private ABs.

Anno. 12 Caroli II.

1.	An adl for naturalizing Peter de la Pierre alias Peters, and John de la Pierre alias Peters.

a. An adt for the neceflary maintenance of the work of draining the great level of the fenns.

3.	An adt for reftoring unto Morough alias Morgan earl of Inchiquin alJ.hjs honours, manors, lands and tenements in Ireland, whereof he , was in pofleffion on the three and twentieth of Ofiober one. thousand .fix hundred forty-one, or at any time fince..

4.	An adt for reftoring unto William marquefs of Newcajile all his honours, manors, lands and tenements in England, whereof he. was in pofleffion on the twentieth d^y of May one thousand fix hundred forty-two, or at any time finoe* .

5.	An adt for the fettling of 1lie priory of Watton and other lands belonging to the earl of Wwchelfey in the county of York* in the hands pf truftees for the. payment of dcfcts>

6.	An adt for reftoring of fir George Lane, knight, to the poffrflloft, of the manors of Rathdive and Lifdiijf) and other lands in Ireland.

7* An adt for reftoring to Charles lord Gerrard baron of Brandon} all his honours, manors, lands", tenements and hereditaments, whereof he was in pofleffion on the twentieth day of May one thousand fix hundred

forty-two, or at any time fithence. 8. An adt for reftoring of John, lord Culpeper, fqn and heir and foie executor to Thomas lord Culpeper- baron of Thorfwayy and . mafter of the rolls deceafed, all the honours, manors, lands and tenements, leafes not determined and hereditaments whatfoever, whereof the said John. lord Culpeper wasinpofleffion on the twentieth'‘day.Qt May one thousand fix hundred , fortv-two, pjr. at. any time after,, which havp; not been fince fold or aliened uy.tjie fold John late lord Culpeper by adts or affurances to which himfelf was party and confenting.

9* An adt for reftoring of the marquefs of Hertford to the dukedom of So*

‘ merfet.

10.	An adt for enabling Augujline Skinner and William Skinner to make fale of fome lands for payment Of debts. *

ix. An adt, for the incorporating of . the mafier and wardens of the empa-

*	ny of habcrdajhersy London, to be governors of the free fchooland alms-houfes in Newport in the county of Salop, of the foundation of JVilliam Adams) and for fettling of lands and pofleffions on them for maintenance thereof, and other charitable ufes.

12.	AmuStfor the naturalizing of Do -rathea Helena countefs of Derby y wife of the right honourable Charles earl of Derbyy and Emilia called coun-

♦	tefs oi QJJhry, wife of the right honourable thorns Butler called earl of Ojfory* fori.and heir apparent of the right honourable fames marquefs of Ormond and earl> of Breck-nccke, and Margaret lady Culpepery wife of the right honourable Thomas lord Culpeper baron of Thorfway, and the right honourable Charles Rirkhoven lord Watton) and dame Emilia his After, children of Katherine Stanhop countefs of Chejlerfield by John Kirkhoven lord of Hemfett.

13.	An- adt for enabling fir George

Booth)

2

A TABLE of the STATUTES. ,

iffW/i, baronet, to make leafes and iales of part of his eftate. if An act for reftoring of Henry lord ArVmdell of Warder to the pbueflion of His eftate.

15.	Ah sift for restitution of earl of AtundeU, Surrey and folk,to the dignity and title of duke of Norfolk. jr6. An sift to teftore to earl of Rofcothon of the kingdom of Irelandall the honours, caftles, lord-fhips, lahds, tenements and hereditaments in Ireland, whereof earl Of RefcotHon his gfcat grandfather, Robert earl of his grandfather, or James Iat6 earl of Roftomon bis father, were in poflef-fkm on the three and twentieth of OBober one thousand fix hundred forty-one.

17: An act for enabling of John Newton the younger, ana William ly, to make ule of lands for payment of debts and railing portions* 28. Ah sift for reftoring fir GeorgiHamilton unto his lands and eftate in Ireland:

19.	An a ft for maintenance of the vicar for the time being of the vi-caridge of Roy/lon in the cbuntv of Hertford and Cambr, stud or Ins foccefibrs vicars of the said vicstr-?dge.

to. An act for enabling fir William Wray to fell lands for payment of his debts and railing of portions for his ydunedr Children;* at. An aft tot naturalizing of Vantethiifeni Daniel Demetrius, Theodore Cocke, Jbhrt Ordt/enburgh, add others.

a2. An act for the levying’ of certain monies due upon the coUeftibtf for the proteftants of Piedmont.

23. An act for the naturalizing of John	Eoreet,efquire, eldeft fon of fir

William Bor tel knight and baronet.

♦ *

24.	An act for the naturalizing of 4~.

braham	Watchtor bom beyond the

feaf.

25.	An act for reftoring of fir Thomas Crimes, baronet, to' his eftate.

26.	An aft enabling George Fount Of Foftonin the county of

eftjnirt, fd fell and convey part of his lands for payment of feverat dibts and legacies charged upon his . eftate by fee William Fount, knight, decesued, and for the railing of portions for his younger children, and making his Wife a jointure. ,	■

27.	An act for naturalizing of Frances .Hyde, and others.

28.	An aft to enable Jofeph

wtftem infant, and Mis troftees, to' fell liiid for payment of his father’d1 debts.	.

29.	An act for railing portions and making provifioif for maintenance^ for the younger children of fir

’i bard	Goftwicke,,baronet; ...

36. An act for confirming the fate of tHe manor of	Hltcr, fold (o

Charles Hoi byfir	J

knight and baronet, and f6r fettling and difpofing other the lands of the said fir John Clarkl and dame Philadelphia hit wife.

31.	An aft f6r the fettling of fome of title manors and lands of the ear! of Glieoeland in trufteSs, to be fold fAr the fatisfyipg of the debts of the fsdd earl, aha of Thoiiias lord Worth his foil;

32.	An act for the cfifappfApriating of the reftorji appropriate ofPteflon, ahd uniting and confolidafing of the said reftofy, and of the viesnridge of the chufcn of Prejloh, ahd for the alluring of the advowfon and right of patronage of the lame unto the mafter, fellows ahdfcholars c/-Emanuel! college in Cambridge, and

• their faccdfors.

End of the TABLE*.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno tricejimo horn Regina ELIZABETH. .

AT	the parliament begun and balden it Weft*’

minfter the four and twentieth day of Ofto-ber in the nine and thirtieth pear of the reign of oilr moji gracious fovefeign lady Elizabeth; by the grace of	God» of	England, France and Ireland* 'Qyeen,

defender of the faith, &cc. and there continued until the dijfolution thereof, being the ninth of February next following, one tboujand five hundred -feven $ to the high pleafure of Almighty God, and the weal fublich of this realm, were	as	fol~

lowetb.

CAP. 1.

The ftattrfe of 4 H.^. c. 19. and all other fiatutes made against the dd-ftro&ion of towns and hotffes of husbandly, repealed 1 and the penalty for decaying of boufes of husbandry fince 1 Efiz. &c. EXP; btat. 99 Elis. c. si.

cap. n.

Arable land made paftare fince 1 Elis, shall be again converted to tillage and what is arable shall not be converted to pasture, &c. BXP. Stat 39 Elis. c. x, Bridgtn. 89.

cap. in-

Who fiiall be overfeen of the poor $ by whom and when they shall be ap~ pointed 5 their office and duty j their accountj their forfeitures, die.

EXP. 43EUZ. c.a.

CAP. IV.

An a€t for punifhment of rogues, vagabonds and fhtrdy beggars.

All former ftatntes made for the punifhment of vagabonds, &c. repealed. Ja-ftices of peace shall fet down orders for erection of houies of correction.

Sec. Who shall be accounted rogues, vagabonds and ihirdy beggars. The punifhment and ufing of a rogue, referred to by 1 Jac. 1. c. 31. A tefki- 1* H. 7. c. a. monial for the punifhment ofa rogue. A teftimomal regift red. A rogue as H. S. c. ts. conveyed to tbe houfe of correfoon, or to the gaol. Rogues that be *7 H. f. c. 15, dangerous, or will not be reformed. A rogue hamfhed the realm, or ad- >4 EMk c. 5. judged to the gallies. A rogue banilhed, returning without licence, st Elis. c. 3. The forfeit of the officer not punifhing rogues. The penalty for diftur- 7 J*c- r. c. 4. bance of the execution of this ftatute. No rogue shall be brought from 3 inft. 103.

VOL. VIL	B	Ireland,	43 EL c. 9.

h ay.

2	Anno	tricefimo nonoEi.iZAfcETfl.S. C.5.	[<5572

% Roll. 387* Ireland, Scotland or the Ide of Man. None reforting to Bath or Buxton {hall beg. The authority of justices in corporate towns. The poor in St. Thomas's hofpital in Southwark. John Dutton of Dutton in the county of Chefter, his liberties. The employing of the forfeitures* Con-feflion or proof of an offence, shall be a conviction of the offender. The Juftices df peace may hear and determine all caufes in queftion. Com-miflions to enquire of money given to houses of correction, or for ftock. for the poor. A fea-faring man fuifering (hipwreck. Children under the age of leven years. Giafs-men. Proclamation of this •$. 3 Gar. 1. c.4. Continued until the end of the first frjjkn of the next parliament. Altered x Joe. c. 7, & 15. and farther continued by 16 Car* x. c. 4. referred to» % An* c* 6. but repealed is Ann*, fiat, 1. c. 13.

33 El. c. 7. f. 17.

Any person may ereft an hospital or houfe of cor

s Inft. 7*0.

CAP. V.

An all fir ereHing of btffciialSj or abiding and working houses fir the poor*

WHEREAS ’at the lajl feffion of parliament, provifton Was made as well fir maimed foldiers by collision in every parijb as for other poor, that it should be lawful for every perfon, during twenty years next after the said parliament, by feoffment, will in region, which writing, or other affurance, to give and bequeath in fet fimple, as and enjoy * we^t0 uJe °f Poor as f°f the provifion, fttjleniation, or main-goods or lands tenants of any houfe of correflion> or abiaing-boufes, or of any flocks not exceeding or JloreSj all -or any part of his lands, tenements or hereditaments : the yearly va- her mojl excellent Majejly underflanding and finding that the said ^to *00 .	fay	nQt ia£m	as was jntenjgj9 fry	that	no

perfon can ereft or incorporate any hofpital, houses of corre£lmy or a-hiding-places, but her Majejly, or by her Highnejs fpecial licence, by letters patents under the great feal of England in that behalf to be obtained: (3) her Majesty gracioufly affedting the good fuccefs of fo good and charitable works, and that witnout often fuit unto her Majesty, and with as great eafe and little charge as may be, is of her princely care and blelTed difpofition to and for the relief and comfort of maimed foldiers, mariners, and other poor and impotent people, pleafed and contented that it be enacted may crcift an by authority of this present parliament; (4) and be it enacted hofpital or by the authority of this present parliament. That all and every reftioiw °r” Per^on an<* Pe“ons frifed of an efhte in fee-Ample, their heirs, executors or afligns, at his or their wills and pleafures, shall have Ml power, ftrength, licence and lawful authority, at any time during the fpace of twenty years next enfuing, by deed in-rolled in the high court of chance™, to eredt, found and cftab-lifh one or more hofpitals, Maifons de Dieuy abiding-places or houses of corredtion, at his or their will and pleafure, as well for the Ending, fuftentation and relief of the maimed, poor, needy or impotent people, as to fet the poor to work, to have continuance for ever, and from time to time to place therein such Incorporation head and members, and such number of poor, as to him, his of the hofpital heirs and afligns shall feem convenient: (5) and that the fame .by the toun- hofpitals or houses fo founded, shall be incorporated, and have perpetual fticceffions for ever, in fadt; deed and name, and of

fuch

Any perfon

i 597*1 Anno triccfimo riono Elizabeths, c.5.	%

fuch headj members, and numbers of poor, needy, maimed or impotent-people as shall be appointed, afligncd, limited or named by the founder or founders, his or their heirs, executors or . r.. afligns, by any such deed inrolled: (6) and that such hofpital,

Maifon de Dieu> abiding-place or houfe of correction, and the correction persons therein placed, shall be incorporated, named and called fliall be named by such name as the said founder or founders, his heirs, ex- tythc foun-ecutors or afligns, shall fo limit, affign and appoint: (7) anddcr* the fame hofpital, Maifon de Dieiii abiding-place or houfe of The hospital correction fo incorporated and named, shall be a body corpo-fate and politick, and shall by that name of incorporation have rorporate.n full power, authority and lawful capacity and ability to purchafe, The hofpital take, hold, receive, enjoy and have, to them and to their fuc- m*Y purchaij| ceflors for ever, as well goods and chattels, as manors, lands,- or tenements and hereditaments, being freehold, of any person or u persons whatfoever: fo that the lame exceed not tjic yearly value of two hundred pounds above: all charges and reprifes, to any one such abiding-houfe, hofpital, Maijon de Dieu% or houfe of correction, and 10 as the fame or any part thereof, be not golden of our fovereign lady the Queen, her heirs or fucceilbrs, immediately in chief, or elfe of our (aid fovereign lady the Queen, or any other person by knight’s fervice j without •licence or writ of ad qmd damnum; the statute of mortmain, or any other statute or law to the contrary notwithstanding : (8) The hofpital and that the feme hofpital, Maifon de Dieu, abiding-place or J houfe of correction, and the persons fo being incorporated, fue"‘ founded and named, shall have full ppwer, and lawful authority by the true name of the incorporation thereof, to fue and to be fued, implead and to be impleaded, to anfwer and to be an-fwered unto, in all manner of courts and places that now are or hereafter lhall be within this realm,, as well temporal as fpi-ritual, in all manner of fuits whatfoever, and of what naturd and kind foever such fuits or actions be or shall be: (9) and The hofpital .that the fame hofpital, Maifon de Dieu, abiding-houfe or houfe shall have a of correction, shall have ana enjoy for ever fucn a common feal common Teal* or feats, as by the said founder or founders, his or their heirs, executors or aligns, shall be in writing under his or their hand and leal afligned, named or appointed, whereby the fame corporation shall or may feal any manner of inftrument touching the fame incorporation, and the lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods or other things thereto belonging, or in any wife touching or concerning the fame : (10) and further shall be or- The ordering-dered, directed and vi fited, placed or upon juft caufe difplaccd, directing and by such person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, their vifitingofau heirs, fucceffors or afligns, as shall be fo nominated or affigned hofpital. by the founder or founders thereof, their heirs or afligns, according to such rules, statutes and ordinances, as (ball be fet forth, made, devifed or eftablifhed by the said founder or foun- The (Unites ders, their heirs or afligns, in writing under his or their hand and ordinan-and feal, not being repugnant or contrary to the laws and fta- c« of an bofT

B 2	tutes	Piub

The founder may place the head and members.

leafts made by hofpital*.

A faring of the right of others in the hofpital lands.

Certain per-fons not^ enabled' to create hofpkals.

Ten pounds per ann. lands at the leaft t Shall be atoned to an hofpital.

9 Geo*. c. %6.

The con-fouftton ef Ihitaft.

Anno tricefimcf iiono EuzAbeHl®. c.5.	[1597!

lutes of this realm; any law, ftatute; cuftom, ufitee or otheC thing whatfoever to the contrary in any wife notwithftaridiiig 2 (.11) and that it shall be lawful unto* the founder or founders* his and their heirs or afligns, upon the death or removing* of any head or member of any such corporation, to place one other in the room of him that dieth, or is removed* fueedfively for ever.

II.	Provided always. That all leafes, grants, conveyance* of eftates to be made by any corporation fo to be founded as afore-faid, exceeding the number of one and twenty years,* and that m pofleflion, and whereupon the accuftomable yearly rent or more, by the greater patt of twenty years next before the mak-* Jng of such leafe, shall not be referved and yearly payable, shall be void. (2) Saving to all persons, bodies politick and corpo-* rate, tbeir heirs ano fuccefiors, (other than the founders and givers, their heirs and fuccefiors) all such right, title, claim* pofleflion, rents, Cervices, commons, demands, intereft and profits, which they or any of them shall have, or of right ought to have, of, in or to any the lands, tenements or hereditaments hereafter to be given, hmited or affigned in form aforesaid, in as ample manner as if this statute had never been had or made.

III.	Provided alfo. That this aft or any thing therein contained shall not extend to enable any person or persons, being within age, women covert without their hu(bands, or of not fame memmay to make any such corporation, or to endow the fame \ any thing in this prefent aft to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftandmg.

IV.	Provided always. That no such hofpital, Maifon de Dior* abiding-place or houie of correftion shall be erefted, founded or incorporated by force of this act, unleft upon the foundation or ereftion thereof, the fame be endowed for ever, with lands, tenements or hereditaments of the clear yearly value of ten pounds by the year.

V.	Provided also, and be it further enafted,TRat no fach incorporation to be founded by force of this aft shall at any time hereafter do or Coffer to be clone any aft or thing, whereby or by means whereof any of the lands, tenements, hereditaments, fteck, goods or chattels of such incorporation, or any eftate, intereft, pofleflion or property of or in the fame or any of them* shall be veiled or transferred in or to any other whatfoever, contrary to thcr true meaning of this aft: (2) and that such con-(Iruftion shall be made upon this aft as mall be mod beneficial and available for the maintenance of the poor* and for reprefT-ing and avoiding of all afts and devices to be invented or put in ure contrary to the true meaning of this aft* Made perpetual if i>tjac. u r. 1*

CAP.

.5

*597*1 Annotriqcfimo nono ELtZABETft^E, cjS,—g.

CAP. VI.

‘Commiifions may be awarded to certain persons, to enquire of lands -or goods given to hofpitals, or other charitable ufes, mi (employed, and to reform them. R E P. 43 EL c. 9. Saving for the execution of orders and decrees before made by commiftloners according to this ftatute.

4lnft. 16$, 167.

CAP. VII.

. The Qgeen may foil her accountant or debtor's lands in his life-time, apd afterhis death. To what accountants only this statute doth extend. There fliall be no fale of land when the debtor hath a quietus eft. If the Queen he Satisfied, the foreties shall be difcharged. What procefs shall ibe awarded where the debt doth grow in the court of wards or duchy. Procefs shall be awarded against the terre-tenant before the fale of fos land. EXP. 13 El. c. 4. 17 El. c. 3. 43 El. c. 9.

CAP. VIII.

jin aft concerning the confirmation and eftablifhment of the • deprivation of divers bifhops and deans, in the beginning of her Majesty's reign.

WHEREAS divers and sundry persons exercifing the office andEveiy deprf-funftion of bifhops ana deans of divers fees and bijbopricks, vation of any and deanries within this realm in the reign of our kte fovereign lady ^^i^the311 S>ueen Mary, were before the tenth day o/N ovember in thefourth year ^ginning of pfthe mfi hfippy and blejfed government of the Queen's mof excellent the Quecn> Majefly that now is, lawfully and juftly deprivedjrom such bijbopricks reignihall b§ and deanries as they feverally enjoyed, and took upon them to hold, and in go<u,b-their fields find places sundry excellent and worthy men duly preferred b*^0pS „ to the /ante: (2) Qtid whereas the parties fp deprived did nptwith- deans made by ftanding, as is pretended, make fecret appeals, and ufed other fecret the Queen mans* pretending thereby to juppprt the continuance of their fatd^ftf*. ad; t tfues and functions, Beittf. '

CAP, IX.

fin aft for taking away of clergy-from offenders against a pertain statute made in the third year of the reign of King Henry the Seventh, concerning the taking away of women against their wills unlawfully*

WHEREAS of late times divers women, as well maidens as wi? Hethattaketh dows and wives, having fubftance, feme in goods movable, and away a wo-fome in lands and tenements, and /me being heirs apparent to their ™an %**{]** *ancefters, for the lucre of such fubftance been oftentimes taken by mi ft jJath Undsor doers contrary to their will, and afterward married to futh mtfdoers, goods, or is or to others by their ajfent, or defiled, to the great difpleafur? of God, heir apparent and contrary to your Highnefs laws, and drjparagement of the /aid ^iicr . women, and great htcrSmefs and difcomfort of their friends, and ^i^higdeiw example of others ; (2) which offences, albeit the fame be madefelony 3 h. 7, Ct by a certain aft of parliament made in the third year of King Henry the Seventh, yet foraftnuch as clergy hath been heretofore allowed to such offenders, divers persons have attempted and committed the said offences, in hope of life by the benefit of clergy; be it therefore enadU cd by the Queen’s moft excellent majesty, the lords fpiritual gnd temporal, and .the commons, in this present parliament af* fenced, and by the authority of the fame, TJiat all and every

'	S3	fu*

6

f H. 7, c. *.

Principals, procurers or ncceflaries before the offeree.

The statute of *3 Eiiz. c. 7. ftllraining fcnglifhmrn to go or fend into any foreign country to buy or bring 5nto this realm failed herring, or falted fifh, repealed, &c. A rehearfal of the said lta-jtutc.

HThat was expedit’d bv the ttore/aid ila-

Anno tricefimo nono Elizabeths. c,io. f 1597;

fuch perfonand persons, as at any time after the end of this prefent feflion of parliament shall be convicted or attainted of or for any offence to be committed after the end of this prefent fef-fion of parliament, made felony by the (aid aft of the third year of the reign of King Henry the Seventh, or which shall be in-difted and arraigned of or for any such offence, and (land mute, or make no direft anfwer, or shall challenge peremptorily above the number of twenty, shall in every such cafe lofe his and their benefit of clergy, and shall fuffer pains of death without any benefit of clergy; any former law to the contrary notwithstanding.

II.	Provided always. That this act, nor any thing therein contained, shall not extend to take away the benefit of clergy, but only from fiich perfcn and persons as hereafter shall be principals, or procurers or accellaries before such offence committed.

CAP. X.

An all for the increafe of mariners* and for maintenance of the navigation* repealing a former aS made in the twenty-third year of her Majefifs reign* (rearing the fame title.

WHERE at the parliament holden by prorogation the fixteentk day of January in the twenty-third year of the reign of our mqft gracious fovereign lady Queen Elizabeth, an alt was made, (inti-tided* An act for the increafe of mariners, and for maintenance of the navigation) whereby amongfi other things it was enabled* That it should not be lawful to any native English man* woman or denizen* at any tiffie* after a time limited in the fame alt* dir elf Iy cr indirectly* by themfcfves* their fervants* falters* agents* deputies* or friends* or any of them whatfoever* to go or fend into any other foreign country* realm or dominion whatfoever* for the buying*providtng* or bringing into this realm* out or from any the said foreign realms or dominions out of the Queer! s obey fame* of any falted fifh or falted herrings* rtor should make aryy agreement with any alien or fir anger* or any other* for such bringing into this realm by, any alien orfiranger* of any falted fifh orfalted herrings; (2) and that no falted Jiff nor faked herrings should be brought hither out of the said foreign realms and dominions* but by the truer owners thereof or deputies of them* being aliens and fir angers* without the procurement of any Jubjell of the Queen's majejiy* her heirs orfucccjjors* or of any denizen* and by none other per [on or perfons; (3) upon pain that such Engli(h person or denizen offending against that all should forfeit the fame falted herrings and falted fifh or the value thereof*' with divers other claufes and branches in the fame Jiqtute contained* touching the bringing of fifh into this realm* and the buying and felling of Jiff* as by the fame alt at large appeareth: (4) upon the making of which alt it was hoped and expelled* that the fiffermen of this realm would in such fort have impkyed themfelves to fijhing* and to the building and preparing of such Jiore of boats and flipping for that purpose* as that they should long ere this time have been able fufficiently to have victualled this realm with failed Jiff and herrings of their own taking* without any

6	Pbh

*597*] Anno tricefimo nono Elizabeths, c.io.'	%

Jupply	of aliens andgrangers, to the great increafe of mariners and

maintenance of the navigation within this realm (5)

it is Jince found by experience, that the navigation of this land is no

wbit bettered by the means of that ail, nor any manners	nor

like to be increafed by it; but	eontrariwifethe natural of

this	realm, not being able to furnijb the tenth part of the fame with The inconve.

fishedfijb of their own	taking., the chief provifum and victualling there-

af	withfijb and	herrings, hath ever fence the making of the famefea-	^thefali

tute been in the power and difpofition of aliens and Grangers, who thereby have much enriched them].elves,greatly increafed their

tion,and (taking advantage of the time) have extremely inhanced the prices of that victual, to the great hurt and	of the	native	fubjeCts of this	realm, and yet do ferve the markets here in very

evil forty by little and	little, bouftng and keeping their fijb as well on

this fide, as beyond the feat, till the prices be raifed to their liking;

( 6) and the merchants of this realm having been wholly barred in their trades of providing of fijb for the fervice thereof, the navigation of this realm, which was intended to be augmented, hath been rather impaired than increafed thereby, and the prices of fijb greatly inhanced, to the great and general prejudice of the fu: for remedy whereof, and for that it is lawful as well to Jtrangers and aliens, as to the fubjeCts of this realm, to carry out into foreign parts and dominions fuch	Joltedfijh and herrings as are taken and provided by the fubjeCts

of this realm, and therefore very unequal that the native fubjeCts of They who this land	Jbotdd not be at liberty to bring in also foreign provifeon of fijb n»ajr carry fiflt

for the victualling of their own country as well as to carry but, but 1 that	theftranger Jbotdd be wholly trufted therewith: f0 ^nng ia

II.	Be it therefore enacted by the Queen’s mod excellent ma- fife, jefty, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prelent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That the fame statute made in the laid three and twentieth year * j Eliz. c. 7* of her Majesty’s mod gracious reign, and every daufe, branch, article and provifo thereof, and all the penalties and forfeitures therein contained, shall from henceforth be clearly repealed, void, fruftrate and of none effeft, to all intents, conftruftions and purposes, as if the fame had never been had ne made; any thing in the fame aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

III.	And be it further enacted by the Queen’s moft excellent The Queen’s majesty, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in fubjefta may this present parliament affembled, That it lhaji and may be. law- tranlport fi(h ful for all and every her Majesty’s fubjefts, being owners of a- “ ®f'P»

ny Ihips, barks or vellels failing with crofs fails, to receive and cro * 31 take into their said (hips, barks pr veffcls, any herrings or other * filh, which any alien or ftranger shall buy and provide of any of her Majesty’s fubjefts within this realm, and the fame herrings and filh or any of them* may tranfport into any parts beyond the feas, being in league or amity with her Majesty, in their (aid (hips or veflels with crofs fails j fo js the said aliens pr grangers pay to her Majesty her cuftom$ and duties for the

£4	fame,

9	Anno	triceAmo	nono Elizabeths. c.ir. [1597;

feme, in such fort as by the feme former alt was limited and appointed.

What cnftomi ?V. And be it enalted by the authority aforefeid. That all alieni ball pay aliens and grangers shall from henceforth, and from time to ft?.tr.n:<^'een t*me» Pay to hcr^/Iaje(ty for ^11 felted fifti and felted herrings to feoaibt into' ^ b*PuSbt into this realm, all such like cuftoms and impofitions this realm.' a* are or shall be impofed apd let upon any her Maiefty’s fubjelts ”	•	ip thofe foreign regions and countries, ports ana towns,	front

whence (he feid felted filh and felted herrings ihall be (hipped fnd brought, for the like fifties and herrings, oyer and betide^ the ordinary cuftoms which have been paid to her Majesty for the feme, in manna: ai)d form, as by the fame ad was enalted and appointed.

The penalty	V. And be it further enalted by the authority aforefeid, That

tat bringing jf any alien or ftranger-borri, or any denizen or natural-boni

Lntdo^rie„g,?<'ubica bV£s rSm’

tofcUunwhol- Pr town of this realm, any lalt filh or fait herrings, which shall feme fiib. not be good,' (weet, fpafonable and meet for mens meat, and shall offer the fame to be fold, and shall be warned by any officer pf such port^ haven or towh,’where the fame shall be offered to be fold, that the fajne be not (eafonable nor' meet for mens meat; that then if fie or tliey foal! afterthat, offer any of the laid unfeafonable filh to he fold ti any person within this realm, pr being an alien-bom, And no denizeh, shall not depart with jt^ie fame from the (aid haven, port or town, fo (bon as conve-niency will (ervc; that then all and every pdrfon/ owners thereof, shall lofe and forfeit to our. said fovereign Lady all the said unfeafonable filh unmeet for mens meat as before is faid. Ordinances to ‘ yl/ And be it lijcewife enafled, That all ordinances of the 'xj£rain the fifiimongers of London, or of any other company or corporation.

r bu5!^11? whatfoeveri made or to be made firf refiraint of any person to fift.’SalTbe or Am* ov to-buy 6r provide ainy filh of any merchant Void. :	or other wifhjn thi^ realm, (hill b€ repealed and void: '(2) and

Repealed by	£hat every person pr body corporate that shall make or execute

*3 £ha. c. 9. .py fuc& ordinance or feftraint, Ihall for every such offence for-* ‘	’	v	feit one hundred pounds; the one moiety thereof to the Queen’s

majesty/'her heirs arid fucteflors; and the other moiety to the party grieved that wilf fue for the feme by action of debt, in an^ court of record, wherein no effoin,' protection or wager of law for the defendant (hah be admitted or allowed.

,	VII.’	Provided	always,	'That	this adt shall no longer endur$

than to the end of the next parliament hereafter enfuirrg. 3 Cor. 1 • Jr. 4 'continued until the end of thefirjifejfion of the next parliament) and farther continued b^ 16 Car. i. V. 4.. “* y * :	■

'pap. xi.*

fin adt for the better execution of the statute ipade iq the twenty-third v year of the Queen's reigri, for the* abofifhihg-of logwood, alias' blocki wood, in the dying of doth,- wool or yam. ‘The penalty for mixing o t ufing logwood in jyiiig of cloth or other-fluff. Deceit* praftifed to a^ ’	bufe the meaning, of the statute of *3Eliz.‘ c, 9. touching dying witjj

logwood. A juft ice of peace may examine the fervantr or workmen'of a ifappofed offender. ThepcndHyt—RefeoJed by 13 Sc 14 Cur. a. c. 11./. *6.

j . t... .	*■ • CAP;

W1

'i 597-1 Anno triccfimo nono Elizabeths, c. 12,15;

cap. xn‘

What workmen or labourer* wages iuftioes of peace may affefs, &c. 'EXP,

Cmntinuid to tb* end of tbi firfi fijfons of tbi next farbamtnt% by 1 Jaf, 1.

€. *5. and21 Jac. x. c. at.

CAP. XIII.

jin explanation of an a8 made in the eleventh year of King Henry the Seventh for

rHEREAS by an all made in the eleventh year tf King Henry __ , , the Seventh, the mayor and wardens	of the city	^

er x^undon	for the time being,	Jbould have authority to enter and don, tec. may

fearch the workmanjbip of att manner of occupying the broad fearch all per* fbear, as well	fuflians as cloth, and the execution of the paid off for fon* ?cc}JPy~.

tefiftgany inftrujnents of iron, or other untrue fubttl mean or fight in jjj®£“ broad drefjing the fame : (2) ftnce which time, for that the lord mayor of u h.*7. c. . J^ondon cannot conveniently go in his own per fon to make thefaidfearch, by retflfoii of his other weighty occafions, divers have refifled the -dens of the	Jhear-men going abroad in offering to make fearch accord-

ing to the said law; and for want of due ana daily fearch in that behalf, divers have of late days put in ure the iron infruments and ether fiights forbidden by the recited all, to the peat deceit of her Atajfly's	people, amon^fwhom'the wearing offuflians is lately grown

to more ufe, as may ftetn, than ever it was before time: (3) which shearmen and company of Jhear-med, together with the company of fullers, were fullers in LonT ffmce the said a£t made one company by the name of cloth-workers: ani don made one fo no such fearch can be duly madi: (4) for remedy hereof,	company.

II.	Be it therefore enacted by tne Queen’s molt excellent ma- The mayor jell, with 'the allent of die lords Spiritual and temporal, and the and cloth-commons; in this prefeht parliament aflemblcd, and by the au- worker* of thority of the fame. That from henceforth it dial] and may be Jj^deoutie*. lawful tp and for the Cud lord mayor of the city of London, or may fearch**' his fufficient deputy, ‘and to and for the matter and Wardens of theworkofall the faid'myftery of doth-workers of Lonor such difcreet per* perfon* there, fons as' the said mafter and wardens Of the fold myftery of cloth- °cc>

Workers for the time bong shall from time to tithe appoint, to enter and ntake feanih, as the foid mayor of London ana wardens of fheaf-iiien might have done together, by the foid aft in the said eleventh year of KingHrary the Seventh; (2) upon pain that The forfeiture the person or persons which &aU make refinance herein, Hiall for- of them who frit for every such refiftance, twenty shillings of lawful money 0fraake re**' 'England; the one half to her Majesty, and’the other half to him dr Iheni thkt will fue for the fame by adtion of debt, bill, plaint or	-

information, in any of the Queen’s courts of record where the fame may be determined after the courfe of the common law | pnd that the defendant in such cafe in no wife be admitted to wage his law, qor th^t any protection or efloin be in the fomp

No cards for wool shall be brought into this realm to be ibid.

3	65.

Anno tricefimo nono Elizabeths* cj 4,15. [ 159 7*

' cap. xiy.

An aH prohibiting the bringing into this realm of any foreign cards for wool.

WHEREAS many tboufonds of woolen card-makers and card-wiredrawers of the cities of London, $riftol, Gloucefter, Norwich, Coventry, and of many other her Highnefs cities and towns within this realm, have heretofore lived ana well maintained themfefyei, their wives, families and children, by the benefit and ufe of their trade and faculty of card-making and drawing of cardwire pxthii7 this realm: (2) ana now of late time, by reafon of the common bringing in offoreign cards for wool out ^France, anaother foreign parts, the said card-nickers and card-wiredrawers have been Jo much impoveriJhcd9 that fcant the twentieth person that heretofore lived by the said trades is yew maintained and fet on work thereby:

ll. Be it enaded by our fovereign lady the Queen’s majesty, and by the lords fpirkual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by authority of the fame9 That no peribn or persons whatfoever, from or after the feaft-day .of the purification of the blefled Virgin St. Mary now next enuring, shall bring, fend or convey, or caufe to be brought, feftt or conveyed) into this realm of England or Wales, from the parts beyond the feas, any cards for wool to be fold, bartered or exchanged, within the realm of England or Wales j (2) upon j>?in to forfeit all such cards for wool, fo to be brought, lent or conveyed contrary to the true meaning of this ad, in whofe hands feever they or any of them shall be found, or the very vajue thereof; the one half whereof to be to our said fovereim lady the Queen’s majesty, her heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof to him or them that will feife the fame, or fee therefore in any court of record of the Queen’s majesty, her heirs and fucceflors, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, information or otherwife, in which adions, fuits, plaints or informations, no wager of law, efloin or protection shall be allowed. (3) This ad to endure to the end of the first feflion of the next parlia* xnent. 3 Car* 1. c. 4. Continued until the end of the firjl fefiion of the next parliament, and farther continued by 16 Car. jf f. 4. and jnforeed by 13 far 14 Car. 2. r. 19.

CAP. XV.

fbt aS% that no person robbing any houfe in the day-time, aU though no person be therein, Jball be admitted to have the benefit of his clergy .

HERE AS of late years divers lewd and felonious persons, un* derfiandipg that the penalty of the robbing of houses in the daytime (no person being in the houfe at the time of the robbery) is not fo penal, as to commit or do a robbery in any houfe, any person being therein at the time of the robbery; which hath and doth embolden di-yers lewd persons to watch their opportunity and time to commit and it	fyinouf robbfries} in breaking and ftitring divers bonejl per-

1597£	Anna tricepmolxono Elizabeths. 16,17.	*x

and efpecially of the poorer fort of peopky who by reafott of their poverty are not abte to keep anyfervant^ or otherwise to leave any body to look to their boufe, when they go abroad to hear divine fer~ vice, or from home to follow their labour to get their living» which is to the hindrance and lofs of good fubjefls, and the utter impoverijbing of many poor widows,' foie women, and other people:

II. Be it therefore enacted by our fovereign lady the Queen’s Hc ^ not moll excellent majesty, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and have his der-the commons, of this present parliament aflembled, That if gy that rob-any person or persons after the end of this prefent feffion of •	oufe

}parliament shall be found guilty, and convicted by verdift, con-effion or otherwife, according to the laws of this realm, for value of five the felonious taking away, after the feaft of RaJler now next (hillings. <enfujng, in the day-time* of any money, goods or chattel, K?£n£ 31* being of the value of five shillings or upwards, in any dwel- cro. Car. 47s. ling-houfe or houfes, or any part thereof, or any out-houfe or 10 Be ix W.j* out-houfes belonging and ufed to and with any dwelling-houfe c. 13. or houfes, although no person shall be in the fiud houfe or out-houfes at the time of such felbny committed ? then such person and persons shall not be admitted to the benefit of his or their fdergy, but shall be utterly excluded thereof..

CAP. XVL

An aft to retrain the exceflive making'of malt#

CAP. XVII.	*.»!° u

An a£l against lewd and wandring perfonsy pretending them-/elves to be foldiers or mariners.

WHEREAS divers lewd and licentious persons, contemning Wandering both lawSy magiflrates and religion, have of late days wan- JP^?ncr8 dred up and down in all parts of the realm9 under the name ^orteridiepi-foldiers9 and marinersy abufing the title of that bonourable proMion fons, shall to countenance their wicked behaviourSy and do continually ajjemble fettle them-themfelves weaponed in the highways and elfewberty in troopSy to J*1^toworkf the great terror and aftomjbment of her Mqjefty's true fubje&Sy the hawteftimo-impeachment of her laws, and the aifturbance of the peace and Iran- nials, Bcc. quillity of this realm: (2) and whereas many heinous outrageSy rob- xj&HCar.s, penes and horrible murders are daily committed by thefe diffolute per■- c* **• f fons; and unlefs fome fpeedy remedy be hady many damages are like by 3 lnit * thefe meads to enfite and grow towards the common-wealth:

II. Be it therefore enacted by the authority of this present parliament, That all idle and wandring foldiers or mariners, or idle persons, which now are, or hereafter shall be Vvandring ?s foldiers and mariners, shall fettle themfelves in fome fervice, labour or other lawful courfe of life, without wandring, or other-wife repair to the places where they were bom, or to their dwelling-places, if they have any, and there remain, betaking themfelves to fome lawful trade or courfe of life, as aforesaid ; (2) ppon pain that all persons offending contrary to this aft to bp reputed as felons, and to fuffer as in cafe of felony, without any benefit of clergy to be allowed.

'• "	pi, An4

Axmo txtcefimo nono ElxzABKTIlS. C.if. [1597.-

lW* IIL And be it further ena&ed. That every idle and wandring soldier or mariner which coining from his captain from the feas, or from beyond the feas, shall not have a testimonial under the hand of fome one juftice of the peace of or near the place where he landed, fetting down therein the place and time when and where he landed, and the place of his dwelling or birth, unto which he is to-pafs, as aforesaid, and a convenient time therein limited for his paflage, or having such teftimonial shall wilfully exceed the time therein limited, above fourteen days: {2) And also as well every such idle and wandring fbldier or mat-riner, as every other idle person wandring as soldier or mariner, which shall at any time hereafter forge or counterfeit any such jtcfiunonial, or have with him .or them any such teftimonial forged or counterfeited as aforelaid, knowing the fame to be counterfeited or forged, in all thefe cafes every such ad or ads to be felony, and the offenders to fuffer as aforesaid, without any benefit of clergy.

1 of aP IV. And be it further ena&ed. That it shall be lawful for the jufiices of affzcs, justices of gaol-delivery, and the justices of peace of every county, and for all justices of peace in towns corporate, having authority to hear and determine felonies, to hear and determine all such offences in their general feffions, (2) and to execute the offenders which shall be convidted before .	them, as in cafes of felony is accuftomed; except fome honeft

perfon valued at the last fubfidy next before the	time to ten

pounds in goods, or forty shillings in lands, or elfe	fome honeft

freeholder, as by the said justices (half be allowed, will be con-tgited before such justices as such person shall be arraigned of Takingtbc of- felony, to take him or them into his fervice for one whole year fender into	then next following, and then before the said justices will be

frrrice fora	bound by recognizance of t$n pounds, to be levied	of his lands,

goods, tenements and chattels, to the ufe of our fovereign lady the Queen, if he keep not the said person or persons for one whole year, and bring him to the next feffions for the peace and gaol-delivery next enfuing after the said year: (3) And if any foch person retained depart within the year, without the licence of him that fo retained him, then to be indidled, tried and adjudged as a felon, and not to have the benefit of his clergy.

The idle wan- V. Provided always, That if any such idle and wandring* tai}inS persons as aforesaid, shall happen to fall lick by the way, fo that by reafon of his weaknefs he cannot travel to his journey’s end within the time limited within his teftimonial, no such to be within the danger of this ftatute, fo as he fettle himfelf in fome lawful courfe of life, as aforesaid, or repair as aforesaid to the place where he was born, or was last abiding, within convenient time after the recovery of his ficknefs, and there re* main, as aforesaid; any thing in this statute contained to the contrary notwithstanding. .

VI. Provided also, and be it further enabled. That when any {iicji soldier or ipariner coming frujn the ijsas. from beyond

"	’	$9

year.

fick by the way.

A remedy

1597.] Annff triftfimo M)fio Elizabe TfU£. c. i	*3

the feas, as aforesaid, shall repair to the place of bis dwelling wanderer can* or birth, according to the purport of the laid teftimonial, and not 8et work, cannot of hhnfelf get there any work whereby to employ hi m-fclf to labour dr other lawful courfe of life, as SfoMaid, that then in all such cafes, upon complaint made by such soldier or mariner to two jufiices of peace of the said bounty, of or near the said place, the said two juftiaes fhaO take order by their dif-cretion to fet such soldier or mariner to fome such honed labour or work as to them shall be thought meet: (2) And for want The hundred of such work, the said two justices shall tax tne whole hundred tortjje by their difcretion for the relief of fiich soldier or mariner till	»■»!-

iiich fulficient work may be had.	.	ntr.

VII. Provided alfo. That if any fuchfoldier or mariner com* ing from the feas, or from beyond the feas as- aforesaid, dial! not at the time of his landing, or in his travel to the place whereunto he is to repair as aforesaid, ‘going the direft way, that then he refort to fome juftice of the peace next adjoining to the said place of landing or way, and make known unto the said juftice his poverty: (2) Who upon perfect notice thereof The soldier or had, shall have full power and authority by this prefent aft mann*r to licence the fpme^oldier or mariner to pafs the next and di-ttCt way to the place where he is to repair, and to limit him fo relief, much time only as shall be neceflary for his travel thither: (4)

And that in such cafe his licence being, fo made, and he purfuing the form of such his licence, shall and may for his neceflary relief in such his travel, afk and take the relief that any person shall willingly give him, and in such cafe* his such travel and taking of alms as aforesaid, shall not be taken an offence against this law.

VIII.	Provided abb. That this act, nor any thing therein corruptioa contained, shall extend or be interpreted to make or work any of blood, corruption of blodd in any the .heir or heirs of any such offender or offenders \ any thing in this aft to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

IX.	Provided also, and be it further enafted. That this aft shall hot take any force or effeft till forty days next after the end of this feffion of parliament, and shall continue to the ehd

•f the parliament next enfuing. 3 Car 1.4. Continued until the end	tfthe Jirfl feffion of the next	pa, and farther con-

tinued by 16 Car. 1. r. 4.

CAP. XVIII?

An aS/or the reviving, continuance,	,	perfecting*

and repealing of divers flatutes.

WHERE in the firfl	feffion of parliament begun in the city of Ships.

London tho third day of Noyember in the one and twentieth11 H. S. c. is. year of the reign of our late	fovereign lord of famous , King

Henry tho	Eighth,	and from thenee adjourned and prorogued to the

palace of Weftminfter,	ana&	orJlatute was , , An

aft for the true making of cables, haliers and ropes.

II.	And where in the parliament balden upon prorogation at Weft-

minfter

Cattle*

*4 H. 8. c. 9.

Cattle.

3 & 4 Ed. 6. c. 19,

Vi&saL 3 & 4 Ed. 6. c. ftl.

Fifli.

s Elis. c. 17.

Hufbandry. 5 Eliz. c. i.

Merchants.

5 Elis. c. 7.

;	i**

Fifh.

5 Eliz. c. 5.

Games.

8 Eliz. c. io.

teafes.

13 Eliz. c. so.

Purveyors.

13 Eliz. c. ai.

Ufury.

13 Eliz. c. 8. Drapery.

13	Eliz. c. 19. Continuance.

14	Eliz. c. 11

Poor.

14 Eliz. e. 5..

Anno tricefimo nono ElMSABETAje. c. i 8:	f	1	^9 7 i

minfter the	fourth day of February {a the four and twentieth yea.1

of the reign of the said King, there wat one other OS made,	I

An a d again ft killing of young bcafts called weanlings.

III.	And Where in the fejjton of d parliament ended at Weftmin-

fter the first day of February	in the fourth year of the reign of	our

late fovereign lord King Edward the Sixth, one was made contenting the buying and felling of rolbtr beefs and tattle :

IV. And	alfo one other ail was	then and	in-

tituled, An ad fad the buying and felling of butter and cheefe.

V.	And where dfo in the parliament begun at Weft minfter the

twenty-third day of January in the firjl year of the reign of the Queen's majefiy that now is, and th&e continued by prorogation until the diffblathm thereof, an aft was then and there made,	An

ad for the preservation of fpawn and fry of fifh.

VI.	And where also in the first feflton of parliament bolden at Weftminfter the twelfth day of January the fifth year of her Higbnefs reign,one ail was then and there made, intituled. An ad for the maintenance and increafe of tillage:

VII.	Arid one other ail was also then and there made, intituled* An ad for the avoiding of divers foreign wares made by handi-craftfmen beyond the leas:

VIII.	And one other aH was liiewife then and there made, intituled, An ad touching certain politick cohftitutions made for the maintenance of the navy.

IX.	And where also in the lafi fcjfitn of the parliamtnt by prorogation at Weftminfter the lafi day of September in the eighth year of her Maiefifs reign, one ail was then and there made, intituled, An ad for bowyers and the prices of bows.

X.	And where also in the parliament begun and holden at Weft,

minfter the fictttd day ef April'nr the thirteenth year of her Maje-Jlfs reign, there was me a8 and statute made for the avoiding of fome leafes in certain tofts to he made of	promotions

with cure, intituled. An ad touching leafes of beneftces, and other ecclefiaftical livings with cure:

XI. And where also there	was then and there die other ail made, intituled. An ad that purveyors may take grain, com or viduals within five miles of Cambridge and Oxford in certain cafes:

XII.	And also one other ail was then and there made, intituled. An ad against ufury: And also one other ail was then and there made, intituled. An ad for the continuance of making of caps.

XIII.	And where in the first feffion of parliament holden at Weft-, minder the eighth day of May in the fourteenth year of

reign, there was one other ail made, intituled. An ad for the continuance, explanation, perfeding and enlarging of divers fta-tutes ; in which Jlatutes are contained divers branches, tlaufts and previfisns touching and concerning the	, perfeQing and en-

larging of divers of the Jlatutes before-mentioned.

XIV.	And where aljo there was then and there one other ail made, intituled. An ad for the punWhment of vagabonds, and for the relief of the poor and impotent.

XV.	And where in tie parliament Mien at Weftminfter afore-

faid

Xi

j 597.3 Anfto trlceluno riorio EtlZABETHi®. c. t S.	15

’* said in the eighteenth year of her Majejlyjs reign, there wds one other Poor*

' aft made, intituled, An act for the letting of the poor on work, ” c* ^ and for the avoiding of idleAefs: .

XVI.	And also one ottier aft was then and there made, intituledWays.

An act for the repairing and amending of the bridges and high- i* El- c. »o. ways near unto the city of Oxenford.

A VII. And where in the parliament holden by prorogation at Merchants* Weftminfter the fixteenth day-of January in the twenty-third year 13 El. e. 6. of her Majejly's reign, one aft was made, intituled, An act for the repairing of Dover haven.

XVlfi. And where in the parliament holden at Weftminfter the continuance* three and twentieth day of November in the feven and twentieth 27EJ«.c. it* year of her Majejly's reign, one other aft was made for the reviving, continuance, explanation and perfecting of divers Jtatutes, in which are contained dsvers branches, provifions and claufes touching and concerning certain additions and alterations unto and of divers of the said former recited Jlatutes, and other new provifions.

XIX.	Andthere was then and there one other aft made, intituled, ^£^on'

An aft against covinous and fraudulent conveyances.	*7	**c# ** *

XX.	And then and there one other aft was made, intituled* An

.aft for the levying of iffues loft by iurors.	.	-	7,7 E,1*J’c# 7#

XXI.	And also there was then ana there che other aft made, in- Franchife. tituledf An act for the good government of the city, or borough *7 EM**

of Wetlminjler. ’■	‘	.	***	‘

XXII.	And whereas in the parliament holden at Weftminfter, Com. upon prorogation the fourth day of November in the fecond year ofxi* 3 Ed. 6* the reign of the late King offamous memory King Edward the Sixth, c'I0"

one aft was made, intituled, An act for the true making of malt, wbichjaid Jlatute was dfcontinued.

XXIII.	And by another aft made in the said parliament holden at	c

Weftminfter in the said twenty feventh year of the Jjhteen's majeffs V ' reign that now is, intituled. An act for the reviving of a former

ftatute for the true making of malt, was revived and continued:

And also one other aft was there made in the said twenty feventh year, intituled. An for the keeping of the fea-banks and lea-works in **"!*}• . the county of Norfolk.	#	.	%7 Ei,z* * **

XXIV.	And where in the parliament holden at Weftminfter the Meafurcs. fourth day of February in the thirty-firjl year of the Queen's ma- 3* Eliz* c- *• j fly's reign that now is, there was an aft made, intituled. An aft

for the true gauging of veffels brought from beyond the feas, converted by brewers for the utterance and fale or ale and beer.

XXV.	And also one other aft was then and there made, intituled, FrancMfes. An act for reviving and enlarging of a statute made in the twenty- Lincoln, third year of her Majesty’s reign, for tire relief of the city of Not printed, Lincoln.

XXVI.	And where in the parliament holden at Weftminfter the Pop*-nineteenth day of February in the thirty fifth year of her Majejly's 35 E“z’ reign that now is, there was an aft made, intituled. An aft to retain the Queen’s majesty’s fubjefts in their due obedience.

XXVII.	And also one other aft was then and there made, intituled,

An act for the neceflary relief of foldiers and mariners.	35

XXVIIL And

c. I.

c. 4*

next parlia merit} except, &c. Utfupra.

18	Anno	triccfhno nono Elizabeths, c.19.	[1597*

The aforesaid fifth year of the Queen’s majesty’s reign that now is, intituled, fta^tcs An act for the necejjary relief of Joldiers and mariners, forfo much end of the	thereof as shall not be altered, or otherwise provided for by

any other aft made in this prefent feflion of parliament, (hail be in force and continue unto the end of the next parliament; any thing in this prefent aft to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XBC.

An act for the amendment of highways in Suficx, Surrey

and Kent.

Arepeal of fo TT THEHEAS in one aft of parliament made in the feven and fiatute ofthC * * twentieth year of the retgn of our fovereign lady,the JQueen's a7 Eliz. c. 19. nuijejly that now is, in one aft then made, intituled\ An a& for at cancerneth prefervation of timber in the wields of the counties of Suffex, t^chfePairin9 Surrey and Kent, and for the amendment of highways decayed Surrey aS*”* carriage to and from iron-mills there, feme remedy is provided Kent. for the impairing and (foiling of highways by the carriages of coals, mine and iron, to and from the iron-works within fome tart of the said counties of Surrey and Kent, and provijions for the amend ng of highways decayed in the county of Suflex, by the said means is left out: And also the said aft hath not taken the fame good effeft for the amendment of highways within the said counties of Surrey and Kent, as hath been expefted:

II. Be it therefore enacted by our fovereign lady the Queen’s majesty, the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That fo much of the said aft of parliament made in *7 Elk. c. 19. the said feven and twentieth year of the Queen’s majeft/s reign, as shall concern the amendment of highways in the said counties of Surrey and Kent lhall from henceforth be repealed, be III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ^at occupiers’of all manner of iron-works whatfoever, as ways in the* owners or formers of the fame, by any eftate of inheritance, wields of Suf- for life, lives, or for term of year or years, or at will, which fe*j Surrey shall at any time hereafter carry or caule to be carried any coals, aad Kent. mine or iron, to for any their iron-works, between the twelfth day of Oftober and the firll day of May in any year, shall for every three loads of coal or mine, as alio for every tun of iron, which shall be carried by any manner of wain or cart, between the said .twelfth day of Oftober and the iirft day of May, by the fpace of one mile through any highways within, the said wields of Sujfex, Surrey, Kent or any of them, shall pay or caufe to be paid unto the juftice of peace dwelling near unto the places in the said county where the highways shall be tnoft annoyed, or his affignee, the fum of three (hillings; (2) the fame to be levied after default of payment thereof, by such juftice of peace or aflignee, by way of diftrefs of any of the goods and chattels remaining in the (aid county of foch person as fo (hould have paid such fum.

Carriage of IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, coals, dec. for That every person and perfonsj, occupier of iron-workas afore-*ny iron-work	faid.

*597-1 Ahno trittfimo nono Elizabeth.®. c.tg.

faid, which shall at any time hereafter carry cjf catffc to be car- between the ried any coals, mine or iron, to or for any their iron-works, be- day .°J. tween the first day of May and the twelfth day of Ofiobet in any tweffthof * year, for every thirty loads of coals arid mine or either of them, o&ober. and for every ten tuns of iron, to be carried as aforesaid, one load of cinder, gravel, ftone or chalk, meet for the repairing and amending ot the said highways as aforesaid* to be laid and employed in iuch place and places of the highways as by any juftice of the peace of any the counties aforesaid, dwelling near unto the places where the highways within the limits aforesaid shall be moll annoyed by any of the means aforesaid, accord* mg to the greater and more prefent necefiity, shall be appointed and afljgned, or elfe pay or caufe to be paid, for and in allowance ot every cart-load, in manner and form aforesaid to have been fo carried and laid, three (hillings, within eight day£ after the demand thereof at any such iron-work made, to or from which iron-work any such carriage shall be, to the hand of the said juftice of peace, or his affigns $ the fame to be levied after default of payment upon the demand thereof, from time to time by way of diftrefs: (2) And if such juftice of fn defhult of peace, by reafon of absence or other occalion, do not, or shall the juftice of1 Hot within forty days next after the said first day of Mayy year- P*ace the ly aflign and appoint, where and in what place of the high- ^ve^be'dif-ways the laid cinder, gravel, ftone or chalk, td be cafried as a- portion of the forefaid, or where or how the money thereof due, or fo paid* gravel, fire, lhall be imployed and bellowed \ that then the fame cinder, gravel, ftone or chalk, shall be laid and employed by such per-fon or persons as by this a<5l are to carry and lay the fame, or to caufe the lame to be carried and laid, in such place and places of the highways, as the furveyors within the parifti for the time being, where the highways mall be mod annoyed as aforesaid, lhall aflign or appoint; (3) or in default thereof, pay to the The fbrftituro said furveyors for every such load due and uncarried, three foil- oftheuftciid«r, lings in manner and form aforesaid; (4) upon pain of forfeiture of ten shillings for every load of cinder, gravel, ftone or chalk, not carried, laid and employed in the highways, or three shillings unpaid as is aforesaid, to be forfeited and paid by the person and persons which by this a<ft ought to carry and lay, or caufe to be carried and laid, the cinder, gravel, ftone or cnalfc, or therefore to have paid a9 is aforesaid, after due convi&iOrt and prefentment thereof had before the justices of oyer and terminer , or justices of peace, in any of their open feflion or fef-.

(ions to be holden before them or any of them : (5) AH which How the jno-fum and fums of money to be forfeited by reafon of this a<5t, for or in default of carriage and laving of the said cinder, gra - ^eme ^ vel, ftone or chalk, or payment thereof as aforesaid, shall be likewise bellowed and employed upon the amendment and repairing of the highways, at and by the diferetion of any such juftice of peace, as shall dwell and be refident next unto the place and places being moft annoyed by the carriages aforesaid ; (6) the lame to be levied by way of diftrefs, by any conftable,

C 2	tithing-

20

Anno tricefimo nono Elizabeths, c.20.	[	1597*

tithing-man, headborough or othcrofficcr thereunto to be aflign-ed, by warrant made in open feffions by any clerk of the peace of the county where any the offence or offences aforelaid shall be committal, or by any two justices of the peace, whereof one to be of the quorum, which were prefent at the feffions wherein the laid conviction of or for any the offences aforesaid The penalty shall be had : (7) And if no fufficient diftrefc can be found by if no diftrefe the laid officer appointed to levy the fame, or if the (aid of-0211	fender do not pay the fame within twenty days after a lawful

dn-par within demand of the fame by the said officer to be appointed for the the time li- levying thereof as aforelaid; that then every person fo denying mited. or rerafing, and not paying the fame forfeiture within twenty days aforesaid, to forfeit the double fum he (hould before have paid, to be levied by such ways and means, as to any two of the justices of the pdace of the fame county where the said offence shall be committed, whereof one to be of the quorum, shall be thought moft meet: (8) The fame forfeiture to be likewise employed upon the amendment of the highways, as the other forfeitures (hould have been, if the fame had been levied according to the true intent and meaning of this ftatute. fn what cafe ▼. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That the furveyors the furveyor or furveyors, from time to time for the time being, ihall appoint within the parifti where the highways shall be moft annoyed, WLft	uP°n default of the said justices as aforesaid, within twenty days

feail belaid/’ a^cr default of the juftice of peace as aforesaid, shall affign or appoint where and in what place of the highways the said cinder, gravel, ftone or chalk, or the forfeiture of money to be beftowed, shall be carried and laid as aforesaid, and upon pain of forfeiture of every such furveyor or furveyors, for every Prefentmeikt such default, forty (hillings. (2) And the said furveyors shall of offenders at make demand according to the limitation of this prefent a<ft, of feffi«ajLrter" and every such forfeiture and fums of money limited to be paid in default of such carriages as aforelaid, upon pain to forfeit for every such default, forty (hillings. (3) And shall also make prefentment of every such default of carnage or payment, contrary to the tenor of this prefent alt, at the next quarter-feffion to be holden for the said county, where such default of carriage and payment shall be; upon pain to forfeit for every such default of prefentment as aforesaid, forty (hillings. (4) The one moiety of all such forfeiture and forfeitures to be to the Queen’s majesty; the other moiety to such person or per-fons as will fue for the fame, by adlion, bill, plaint or information, inany of her Majesty's courts of record, where no wager of law, effoin or protection shall be allowed.

CAP. XX,

An aft against the deceitful ftretebing and tentring of northern cloth.

No person on	mof humble and dutiful wife Jbeweth* befecching your Highnefs,

the north fide A your true and faithful fubjefts, the clothiers and chapmen of your of Trent shall counties of York, Lancafter, and other your Highnefs counties on ftretchor	J	'	t}>e

>597*] Anno tricefimonono Elizabeths, c.20.	'21

the north fide of the river of Trent, That notwithstanding the many ftrain any good and wholfim laws heretofore made for the true making of good ^ ul^an^

’ and true clothes and kerfies, which lawsy either by fome wants in the tcnto^&cf Jiatutes already made> or for lack of the due execution of the said laws, Thii a& ex-have not only not refrained the great abufe in making of clothes and tended as to kerfus^ but rather have encreafed the fame\ (2) infomuch that the VmW!Lj&c‘ t0 said northern clothes and kerfies do yearly and daily grow worfe and cfothes. worfe, and are made more light, and much more Jiretched andftrain- &c. ed than heretofore they have been, to the great deceit of all nations 43 Eliz.c. 10. where the fail clothes and kerfies are fold> and to the great Jhame and flander of the country where the fame is made, and within Jhort time t\t%cnfuinu’ like utterly to overthrow the trade of cloth-making in thofe countries, the ftretch ing whereupon fo many thoufands of your fubjefts do now live and are of northern maintained: (3) Wbifb great enormities your faithful fubjefts do clothes, and chiefly impute tp the great member of tenters ana other engines daily [hereof/5 ufed and pra&ifed in the said counties for the Jlretching andframing Cog-wart, &c. of the said clothes and kerfies: (4.) For remedy and redrew where- made in C*m-of, your fiud fubjefts humbly befeech your moft excellent Ma- bertaud, jefty, that it may plea<e your Highnefe, with the aflent of	,6.

lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefent 5 & 6 Ed. 6. parliament aftembled, and by die authority of the fame, it may r. 4. be enafted, any statute or law whatfoever to the contrary not* withftanding, That no person or persons within any the counties aforesaid, from and after the twentieth day of September now next coming, shall ftretch or ftrain, or caufe to be ftretched or ftrained, any clothes, dozens, kerfies, peniftonfes, ruggs, frizes, kighley whites, plain greys, or.any other clothes, by what name or names foever they be callea, matte or hereafter to be	^

made within the said counties of York, Lancafter, or any other the counties on the north of Trent; upon pain to forfeit for every default five pounds.

II.	And further, That no person or persons, from and after the said twentieth day of September, within the counties aforesaid, or any of them, shall have, ufe or occupy any tenter, of what fort or kind foever, or any manner of wrinch, rope or other engines, to ftretch or ftrain any clothes, kerfies, dozens,' peniftones, ruggs, frizes, cottons, kighley whites, plain greys, or any other cloth, of what kind or name foever it or they be called, made, wrought or to be made or wrought, within the said counties; (2) upon pain that every offender that shall have or ufe, or exercife any such tenter, of what fort or kind foever, or any manner of rope, wrinch, ring-head or engine, shall forfeit for every such default twenty pounds.

III.	And further, That every person or persons within the Northern counties aforesaid, or any of them, which shall make or caufe „ade of foch to be made any clothes, kerfies, dozens, cottons, peniftones, weights, plain greys, kighley whites, frizes, or any other cloth, by what lengths and name or names foever it or they be called, shall make the fame breadths,as by of such weights, lengths and breadths, as by the statutes of

this realm already in force is provided, under the pains in the ’*	”

feme statutes contained; (2) Arid before the feme be fold or of-

C3 .	fered

thereof.

21	Anno	triceiimo	nono	Elizabeth-®,	c.20.	{1597*

(bred to be fold, shall fet bis feal of lead unto every of the fame dpthes, kerfies, dozens, cottons, plain greys, peniftones, kigbley whites, frizes, or by what name or names it or they be called -A {f**°fk** In which foid feal of lead lhall be contained the true and juft wry northern ^6^ an^ the- true and juft weight at the lead of every such Cloth,contain	kerfie,	dozen,	cotton, peniftone, plain greys, kighley

ing the length whites, frizes, or by what name or names foever it of they and weight shall be called, as it shall be duly found by due proof thereof to be tried by water or weight; (3) upon pain to forfeit every cloth, dozen, cotton, kerfie, peniftone, plain greys, kighley whites, frizes or other cloth, by what name or names foever it or they be called, which shall be made within any the counties aforpfaid, whereunto such feal as is aforesaid shall not be put and fet: (4) And in cafe, upon proof to be made by water or Weight, of any such clothps, kerfies, dozens, cottons, peni-ftones, plain greys, kighley whites, frizes, or any other cloth as is aforesaid, shall be found of lefs weight, or of fmaller content in lepgth, than is contained or fpecified in any of the (aid feals, that the owner of every such clothes, kerfies,, dozens, cottons, peniftones, plain greys, kighley whites and frizes, or any other cloth, by what name or names foever they be called as aforesaid, or any other person or persons in whole hands or poffeflions any fuen clothes, kerfies, dozens, cottons, peniftones. The forfei- plain greys, kighley whites, frizes or any other doth, by what * t ie*	namc or namc$ foever they be called, shall be found, shall forfeit

weight. ^ for every yard wanting in length, four (hillings, and for every pound wanting in weignt, two (hillings.

IV.	And for the better and more fpeedy and effectual reforming of all such abufes as is aforesaid, be it further ena<51e<J, That in every parilh, town, village and hamlet within the counties aforesaid, where any clothes, kerfies, dozens, cottons, peniftones, plain greys, kighley whites, frizes or any other doth, by what name or names foever they be called, shall be made or fold, the justices of peace of the fame (hire or riding, or two of them at the leaft, and in every city, borough or town corporate, the head officer or officers of every of the fame dty, borough or town corporate, together with fome one or two of the justices of the peace of the (hire or riding next adjoining to such city, borough or town corporate, shall have full power and authority, and shall by virtue of this a<fl once every year at the leaft, and as often as they shall think good, to convent and call Overfeers of before them by their precept or otherwise, two, four, fix or cloth-making eight, or more, as they shall think good by their diferetion, of poinMbvthe moft honed, difereet and able men of every such city, town, jdHces of village, hamlet or parilh where any such cloth shall be made or peace or head fold, and them shall cdnftitute, ordain and appoint to be over-officer of cor- feers for one whole year, or fix months, or fhorter time, at their porate towns* djfcretions, then nextfollowing, within the city, borough, town, village, hamlet or parifh where the fame overseers shall be dwelling, (2) and shall and may take them fwom and bound in recognisance of forty pounds a-piece,to the ufe of your mod excellent

2	Majefty

n

1597.]	Anno trieefimo non© E1.12sABEfHZR.~c.2©.

Majcfty and your (bcceflbrs, to do their bed endeavour by all lawful ways and means for their time, to fee that this statute in all points shall be truly obferved and kept within the limits of thebr change in every part thereof > (3) and that theYame over-feers, or two of them, mall once every month at the lean, or 0,^1 majte ' fo often as need shall require, or they shall think fit by their fearcb. difcretiona, by force hereof vifit and go into all or any houfc or hpufes, (hops or other rooms of any clothiers, drapers, cloth-workers, or of toy other person or persons whatfoever, where any of the (aid doth shall be, and there to make due feaich, and view the fiune made or remaining to be fold, and to take, (batch and try, as well by weight, water or any other way whatfoever, the fiud clothes, kerfies, dozens, cottons, peninones, kighly whines, and frizes, or any other clothes, by what name or mows they he «U«1: (4) And if any ^thesaforefaid, upon Search thereof, mail not be found to be leaLpd with a Teal, con- default offeal-tainung the length and might as aforesaid, that the clothier ipg. and every owner of the fiud doth, fliall forfeit every such cloth, kerfies, dozens, cottons* peniftones, kighley whites and frizes, or any other doth, by what name 6r names foever they be called, made within the counties aforesaid, not fo faded, and /old or offered to be fold ;* (5) and the feid overfeers and every of them shall and may feife and carry away the fiune fo forfaited as aforesaid, and prefont the feme to the juft ices of peace at the next quarter-fdfions, to be by them difpofed of hereafter is m thefe prefcnts limited and appointed,

V.	And if the fiud overfeers shall find any falfe foal or mark The penalty to be fed upon any cloth aforesaid, or fhaH upon fearfch as afore- for fating 1 said find the fame clothes aforesaid to be ftretched or drained, falfo real, or then the lame overfeers shall prefent the fiune defaults unto the ^ftretchin^ jufticcs at the next quarter-feftions, and the names of the own- of cloth, ers or poflefibrs of fbch clothes, kerfies, dozens, cottons, per niftones, kighley whites and frizes, or any other clothes by what name or names they be called, fo found defective; (2) and if any manner of perion or persons, at any time after the said twentieth day of Siptmber shall deny,' withftand or withhold any clothes, kerfies, dozens, cottons, peniftones, kighley The forfei-whites and frizes, or any other cloth by what name or names turn for wifor foever they be called, from the said overfeers or any of them, holding of or will not fuffer them to enter into any of the houfes, (hops, rooms or other places where any such clothes shall be; that then fearch.' every fuchperfon or persons fo denying or wirhftanding shall for the first offence forfeit and lofe ten pounds, and for the fecond offence twenty pounds, and for the third offence, being thereof lawfully convi&ed by verdkft of twelve men and two lufiicient witnefles, shall ftand apon the pillory in the next market-town.

(3)	And if any of the laid persons fo commanded to appear to be made overfeers as aforesaid, and having noreafonable excufe, refufe to come and take upon him or them to be overfeers as aforesaid, that then every such pevfon fo refilling, and having no yeafonaple pxpufe fo to do, shall forfeit for every such refilling

£*	five

Anno tricefimo nono Elizabeths, c.zo. [1597*

five pounds ; the one half thereof to be to your mod excellent Majesty, and your fucceflors, and the other half to the justices of the peace or other head officer or officers by whole com-' mandorient he was appointed to appear to be overfeer; (4) and foridRotin^to ^amc ovcl^cers f° offending, to remain in the ward of the be overleer. sheriff, bailiff or other head officer, until such time as be hath made payment of the forfeiture, or otherwise put in fufficient bond for the fatisfadtion of the fame.

The overfeers VI. And to the end that the said clothes, kerfies, dozens, shall fix a feal cottons, peniftones, kighley whites, and frizes, or. any other of lead to the clothes by what name or .names loever they be called, lo to be clothe*. viewed and fearched, may be the better known; (2) it is therefore enafied. That the said overfeers shall fix unto every kind of the clothes aforesaid, a feal of lead containing the length and the weight of every such clothes (together with this wordfearcb-e£) (3) which cloth fo fealed by the said overfeers (ball not be fearched, tried or viewed by any other fearcher or overfeer of any other city, borough, town, village, parifti.or hamlet, bv virtue of his or their said office or offices ; any thing in this a<& or in any other statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

The penalty VII. And further, the said clothiers and other inhabitants do forfetting of humbly pray, that it may be likewise enacted. That if any per-omk^^the8’ ^on or Per®°os^ ^ut ft*ph as are appointed, affigned and per-away wuhout*	hy this adi, or their fervants or deputies, do at anytime

warrant. after the said twentieth day of September counterfeit or fet to, or willingly and wittingly take away from, any the said clothes, kerfies, dozens, cottons, peniftones, kighley whites and frizes, or any oth.er doth, by what name or names foever they be called, made within the counties aforesaid, any of the feals fo to be fixed as above is recited ; that then every person fo offending shall for jthe first offence forfeit and lofe ten pounds; (2) and for the fecon$l offence, being thereof lawfully convidted by the verdidt of twelve men and two fufficient witnefles, ftand upon the pillory, and lofe and forfeit to your moft excellent Majesty, your heirs and fucceflors, twenty pounds.

Juftice* of VIII. And to the end that the said statutes and laws aforesaid ioSftaWes and may morc effedtually executed, and all ftretching and falfi-©verfeers may fy*ng any the clothes aforesaid taken away, it may be alfoen-fearefr for 7 acted. That every iuftice of the peace, head conftable or other ropes, rings, the overfeers aforesaid, shall have full y ,*icr and lawful autho-

ai^nde(ace&C ritYto ent^r *n or uPon any mcfthages, tenements, houfes, them.	buildings, lands or grounds of any person or persons whatfoever,

to fearch for any such tenters of what fort or kind foever, or any manner of ropes, rings, heads, wrinches or other engines w hatfoever, whereby any fa](hood or deceit may be ufed in or about the ftretching and (training of any the said clothes, ker-lies, dozens, trizes, cottons, peniftones and kighley whites, or any other cloth by what name or names foever they be called or any of them : (2) And that if they (hould find any such tenters of what fort or kind foever, or any manner of ropes, rings, heads, wrings or engines, they shall and may utterly deiface the

fame.

1597*1 Anno tricefimo nono Elizabeths, c.20.	25

fame, in such fort as they cannot be employed again to any such ufe: (3) And if any person or persons with whom any such The punifh-lhall once have been found, shall after that be known to have mentfor the or ufe any such tenter of what fort or kind foever, or any man- fecond offence, ner of rope, ring, head, wrinch, wring or engine; that then they the said juftices, head conftables or overleers, or any of them, within the several precinds, shall take and fell the fame to the belt value thereof, and by the content of two jultices of peace within the fame countv, aifpofe the money thereof coming to the poor of that parim where the fame shall be fo taken:

(4; And that upon complaint made or information given of

any such tenter of what fort or kind foever, or any manner of

rope, head, ring, wrinch or wring or any other engine, to any

juftice of peace, every one of them to whom such complaint

(hall be made or information given, shall within (even days next

enfuing such complaint or information given, repair to the

place where the fame shall be fo had and ufed, and then and

there execute this law as aforesaid, upon the pain hereafter in

this prefent ad exprefled : (5) And that if any person or per- The forfeiture

fons shall withftand or refill any such juftice of peace or other f°r refilling of

head officers, in or about, touching or concerning the execution fearcb*

,of the premiftes, every such person or persons shall forfeit and (uffer, as is before limited for refilling the overfeers in the fearch.

IX.	And if any the justices or juftice of peace, within the A juftice'* for-Jimits or bounds of his or their commiffion, mall be negligent feiture for be-or make default in doing of any thing touching or concerning jn^ncf*gc"* the due or true execution of this statute or any thing therein liJ>nof .contained, every such juftice of peace for every such default duty herein, shall forfeit and lofe five pounds, (a) And that all such forfeitures as shall happen or grow by reafon of this ad, shall be one

third thereof to such person or persons as shall be then overfeers. Who lhatl one other third part to the ufe of our fovereign lady the Queen’s have the for-majesty, and one other third part to the ufe of the poor, to be fclturct* implpyed to the ufe of the poor in such fort as the justices of peace, in their qparter-feffions to be holden next after judgment had or given for the fame, (haH limit and appoint.

X.	And that the said justices of peace in their quarter-feflions Juftices of shall and may enquire, hear and determine every fault or offence P*aC€ (ball made or done contrarjofo this prefent ad or any thing therein te^riiric the' contained, except the offences committed and forfeitures made aforesaid of-by the justices of peace, by prefentment, bijl or information, fences, and upon proof thereof made by the teftimonyof two fufficient witnefles openly given to the jury, and then upon prefentment

made by the jury, to give order for the execution of this ftatute, and every claufe therein contained^ and for the recovery of the penalties aforesaid, to the ufes aforesaid.

XI.	And that the justices of affize shall and may enquire,

hear and determine every fault or offence made or done by any jj^etrohie juftice of peace contrary to this prefent ad, in ncgled of their thc offences of duty, in or ?bout, touching or concerning the execution of the juftice* of

this peace.

Searching of northern clothes brought to

fcld.

26 Anno tricefuno nono Elizabeth,®. 0.21,-44- Cr597*

this prefent *<5V, 2nd upon proof thereof made by two fufficient witnefles, and by the prefentmcnt of the jury, shall and may give, order for recovery and employment of the penalties and forfeitures by them committed and made, to the ufes aforesaid:

(2)	And fpr default of juftice to be done, in manner and farm aforesaid, by the justices of peace or justices of affixe, then the one moiety of all filch forfeitures to be the one half there* of to her Majesty, and the other to him that will fue for the feme by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, information,	any

of her Majesty’s court or courts of record at JVtflimJbry in which no wager of law, protection or efibm shall be admitted or allowed.

- XII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That all and every kind of clothes aforesaid, by what name foever they he called, which Audi be made after London to be the day aforesaid, within the counties aforesaid, and brought up to the city of Londm, to be fold there, shall be brought into the common cloth-market place within the said city, commonly called Rladrwell-Hally to be there fcarched dry, without wetting, and out of market-times, by the rearchers of the. said city; upon pain that every owner of any such cloth, shall forfeit tor every such cloth not fo brought into the market, forty (hillings; {2) and upon pain that every fe archer that shall fearch at any time in the market-times, to the difturbance of the fale of such clothes in the market there, shall forfeit for every fucb fearch fo made five pounds, (a) All which said forfeitures (had be the one moiety to the ufe of our fovereign lady the Queen’s majesty, her heirs and fucceflars; the other to such person or per-fons as shall fue for the fame by adh'on of debt or information, in which feit no Wager of law, protection or eflbin lhall be admitted or allowed.

CAP. XXI.

There shall be a further taxation for the relief of foldiers and mariners where fufficient was not provided by tbeftatuteof jjEJix. c. 4. The greateft rate of every parifh to be taxed (ball be eight pence, and the Jeaft two pence weekly. Another proviflon if the rate be not fufficient for the Ibfdiers and mariners in London. Treafurers shall be appointed by the julticcs. The justices may alter the relief of foldiers and mariners. EXP. 43 Elia. c. 3. 43 Elie. e. 9.

CAP. XXII.

An act for the eftabliftunent of the biffioprick of Norwich and tbe poflef-fious of the fiunc, agaiaft a certain pretended concealed title made thereunto.

cap. xxiir.

The inhabitants of the county of Monmouth shall ftand chargeable for the • making andrepaariiig of Newport and Cariion bridges over the river of U(k, as need shall require: And such order shall be obferved for the alTefTmcut, gathering and employraent of the money thereupon to be fpent, as is appointed by the statute of as H. 8. c. 5. But no town corporate shall be chargeable to be contributory thereunto, which is bound by any law to make or repair any bridge over any main riven

CAP. XXIV,

A convenient bridge of ftone or timber or both, shall be made and finifh-

pd at Wilton upon Wye iq the county of H$refqrd, near unto the town

..........	ftf

x597*l Anno tricefimo nono Elizabeth c.25.

of Rofs, by the inhabitants of the said county, in such place there at by the juft ices of peace of the county (Hall be appointed, within feven years next after the dUTohition of this parliament, being the ninth day of Eebruary in the year of our Lord God one thouCand five hundred ninety-feyen. Pontic (ball be taken of the fame bridge in form following and not otherwise, nnx. eveiy per foe shall pay for every cart, carr or wain laden, driven over the laid bridge, two pence $ and for every borfe Udeo with a pack, one penny; ana far every ten (heap or upward to twenty, two-peace* and for every twenty fhcep, tbrtfe-pervce * and for* five oeads to. the number of twenty, two-pence j ana for every twenty bcafts, fix pence \ and fo proportjonably according to that rate., Twoourgefles of tne town of Rots and two freeholders of the county of Hereford, shall be yearly chofcn cojto&ors of the said pontage; to whom or to thehr deputies it (hah be lawful to diftrain and impound any perion's beads, (beep. &c. refufing to pay the (aid pontage* A»d the laid colle&ors shall yearly pay to Charles Bridges, nis hen s or affigns (upon whofe land the bridge shall be builded) ten pounds at the fealtof $t. MhdtaeL And the said colle&ors (haU yearly make account of the profits of {be (aid pontage. A provifo to difoharge them and their-heirs chat dp yearly pay corn to the keepers of the potting there, for their pontage,

CAP. XXV,



An a&	for	the enlarging of the statute made for following

■ hue and cry., in	the	twenty-feventb year

reign,in fome fort to relieve the inhabitants of the /mil hundred of Benhurft, in cafes where they are in *9 voluntary default, and yet are or JbaU be charged by the fame Jlatutc, and by the two ancient	fam; the one made the

thirteenth year, of King Edward tbeFirjl; the other in the twenty-eighth year of King Edward the Third, for ftrejftng of robberies.

IN moft humble wife	befteebe/th year moft Majtfty	the poor Remedy for

inhabitants of the hundred of Beynerfh alias Benhurft, with- the inhabi-in the county of Berks, That whereas the said hundred doth tants of the only of five fmall villages, and three firm quillets or	and Benhurft?n

hath lying through it two great road-highways} the one leading from the county of London to Henley upon Thames, the other from London to Berks for re. Reading; and either of them at the leaf three miles in length, with- covel7 of such in the great woody ground called the Thicket, and no one of the fame villages ftandetb upon or adjoining to either of the said ways, but lie tainedofthem djfperfedly far from the fame: Neither have the inhabitants of the by force of the fame hundred any open or common fields, either arable or other, ad- statute of *7 joining or lying near to fiuh parts of the fame ways (within the Thecaufea thicket) as are moft apt for robberies to be done, whereby they may tj,at t|,e inha-have their fervants or workmen labouring within the view of the fame bitantt of tbe ways, to take notice of the robberies done; and therefore the said in- hundred of habitants cannot welt baste any fpeedy notice or intelligence of any rob-	ft can*

bery which/ball be there committed, unkfs tht party or parties robbed ^ erfrobbe-Jbould give tbe fame unto them: And tbe fevered lengths and manner riea done of the lying of the fame ways art fitch, as all the able men of the feme there.

Jmall hundred cannot ft watch the fame fevered ways, as that thereby robberies may be prevented: (2) And whereas	notice of such robberies as have been of late.	yearfdone there, hope been for the	moft part

given

i8

i3EdvK*ftat.a< c. v.

*8 Ed. j.c. ii,

Anno tricefimo nono Elizabeths. 0,25.	[1597.

given by the party robbed, at the town of Maidenhead, which is out of that hundred, and three miles diftant from the aforesaid tbievi/b places in the thicket where the robberies are moji ufuaUy done, and yet upon such notice of robberies given at Maidenhead aforesaid, being ' out of the hundred, there hath been lately, within one year, the fum of twelve fcore and fifteen pounds recovered upon the aforesaid statutes, againjl the /mail hundred of Beynerfh alias Benhurft, which had no notice of the fame robberies, whereby many of the poor inhabitants thereof have been and are utterly impoverished, to the utter ruin and overthrow of them, their wives and children \ (3) and many other the like extremities may, by the aforesaidftatutes, fall upon them, though it lietb not in their power (as well for want of notice as otherwife) to perform the fame statutes •, fo as the inhabitants thereof are like to be generally impoverijhed, or enforced to remove their dwellings into feme other hundred, without fome relief /hall be for them in that behalf provided: (4) That it may be enacted by the authority of this prefent ^parliament, That the inhabitants of the said hundred of beyner/b, alias Benhuft, shall and may to their own proper ufe, in the name of the clerk of the peace of the laid county of Berk/hire, recover, have and levy all such fums of money, cods and damages, as hereafter shall be recovered or levied of or against them by the aforesaid statutes, or any of them, against the inhabitants or refiants of every or any such hundred, with the franchifes within the precin&s thereof, wherein negligence, fault or defedt of such purfuit and frefti fuit, as by the said statute of the feven and twentieth year of your Majesty’s reign is appointed to be made, shall happen to be, after notice given or hue and cry brought to the fame inhabitants or refiants, or any of them, of or upon any robbery which shall be at any time hereafter done within the said hundred of Beynerfh, alias Benhurft: (5) And that this prefent a ft shall give as full power and authority in all refpedts, to the inhabitants of the said hundred of Beynerfh, alias Benhurft, in the name of the clerk of the peace of the said county, for recovery, having and levying, of all the said money, cofts and damages as aforesaid, as the aforesaid statute of the feven and twentieth year of your Majesty’s reign, gave or intended to give for the recovery of a moiety or one half thereof.

II.	Provided always, and it is  enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no such remedy or recovery shall be had by this ftatute, for all or the whole fum or fums of money and damages as aforesaid; but only in thefe two cafes, viz. (2; The one where no such notice or intelligence (as by the said statute of the feven and twentieth year of your Majesty*s reign was appointed to be given of every or any robbery) shall be given to the inhabitants of the said hundred of Beynerfh, alias Benhurft: (3) The other, where the inhabitants of the fame hundred (after such notice of any robbery to them or fome of them given, or after hue and cry to them for the fame brought) shall make or caufe to be made fre(h fuit and purfuit after the offenders, with horfemen and footmen, according to the said statute of the feven and

twentieth

i6oi.] Annoquadragefimo tcrtlo Elizabeths, c.i. 29

twentieth year of your Majesty’s reign, and where neverthelefs *7 EH*-c* *3* the offenders, or any or one of them, shall not be apprehended within forty days after the robbery committed!

CAP. XXVI.

A confirmation of three fubfidies of four {hillings in the pound granted to the Queen by the clergy, to be paid at fix leveral days. EXP.

CAP. XXVII.

A confirmation of three entire fubfidies and fix fifteens and tenths granted to the Queen by the temporally. EXP.

cap. xxvm.

A confirmation of the Queen's general and free pardon. Except, Qfo

r	E	X P»

Anno quadragefimo tertio Regina Elizabeths.

AT the parliament begun and bolden at Weftminfter the feven and twentieth day of October in the three and fortieth year of the reign of our moft gracious fovereign lady Elizabeth, by the grace of God, of England, France and Ireland, Queen, defender of the , &c. And there continued until the dijfolution thereof, being the nineteenth of December next following,one thoufandfix hundred one'. To the high pleafure of Almighty	God,and the

this realm, were enabled as followetb.

CAP. I.

An ad for confirmation of grants made to the Queen's Majesty, &c. and pY_ of letters patents made by her Highneft to others.

Aflurancesmade to or for the Queen of any lands, tfr. fin ce Feb. 8. anno	of I* ^°*

her reign; and all letters patents made by the Queen to others fince that time,

&c. confirmed. To what letters patents thisftatute doth extend, and to 1 Ko11,3f •. what not. A faving of the right of others. Sales of the Queen's lands to be made by force of a com million in being before the end of the fel-fion of parliament confirmed. Letters patents shall be expounded beneficially for the patentee. Mif-naming, mif-recital, non-recital of the lands: Lack of finding of offices: Mif-recital or non-recital of leafes r Mif recital or non-recital of the Queen's eilate: No efiate tail recited t Lack of certainty, calling, rating of the yearly rent or value: The lands valued at more or left than they be: Mif-naming or not true naming of the places where the lands lie * The lack of the true naming of the lands, and of the kinds, forts, Gfr. Mifnaraing of the corporation : Lack of attornment, livery and feifin: Mif-naming of the late tenants^ Mif-naming of the late owners notwitbftanding. Letter# patents of offices excepted. Recompence for the overplus of lands fold by the Queen to be made by the rate of threefcore years punchafe.

Certain grants excepted. Patentsof concealed lands. Patents made by warrant of commiffioncrs authoriied to make compofition with others.

Parents decreed to be void by aft of parliament, or in any of the Queen's courts of record. Monopolies. Patents touching penal flatutes. The right of others faved. Patents of lands whereof there is an eltate-tail in the Queen, leafes made to the Queen by the bifhop'Of Carlifle excepted. 34 & 35 H. 8. c. 21. 1 Ed. 6. c. 8. 7 Ed. 6, c. 3. 4 & 5 Ph. U M. c. 1. 18 El. c. a. 35 El. c. j.

CAP.

Anno quadragcfimo tcrtio Elizabeths, c.2.	[1601.

CAR II.

An *8 fer the relief of the poor.

BE it  enacted by the authority of this present parliament. That the church-wardens of every parHh, and four, three or two fubftantial houfholders there, as shall be thought meet, having refpe6t to the proportion atid greatnefs of the fame parifh and parishes, to be nominated yearly in Eafttr week, or within — Geo % - one month after Rafter, under the hand ana feal of two or more a6 Geo! a. justices of the peace in the fame county, whereof one to be of c. 18.	the fuirum, dwelling in or near the fame parifh or divifion

Mod. Cafes in where the fame parifh doth fie, shall be called overfeers of the ^MoS' T Poor ^amc : anc* t^cy> or the greater part of them, Cro. Car. 9*'. than take order from time to time, by and with the confent of Who (hail be two or more such justices of peace as is aforesaid, for fetting to raxed towards work the children of all such whofe parents shall not by the the Tpoor°^ ^ church-wardens and overfeers, or the greater part of them,

A convenient be thought able to keep and maintain their children j and also flock shall be for fetting to work all foch persons, married or unmarried, provided to having no means to maintain them, and ufe no ordinary and on worfT*	trcde	of	life	to get their living by: and also to raife week-

ly or otherwise (by taxation of every inhabitant, parfon, vicar and other, and of every occupier of lands, houfes, tithes impropriate, propriations of tithes, coal-mines, or faleable underwoods in the said pari(h, in such competent fum and fums of money as they shall think fit) a convenient ftock of flax, hemp, wool, thread, iron and other neceflaiy ware and fluff, to fet the poor on work: and also competent (ums of money for and to-The nanus of wards the neceflary relief of the lame, impotent, old, blind, and such as re- fudi other among them, being poor and not able to work, and cave coUec- a]f0 for tjjC putting out of such children to be apprentices, to be feredina^^	out	of	the lame parifh, according to the ability of the

took.	fame parifh, and to do and execute all other things, as well for

3	&4 W.& M. the difpofing of the said ftock as otherwise concerning the pre-c. zi. f. ii. mifles* as to them shall feem convenient:

The overfeers II. Which laid church-wardens and overfeers fo to be nominated, or such of them as shall not be lett by ficknefs or other juft excufe, to be allowed by two such justices of peace or more as is aforesaid, shall meet together at the lead once every month in the church of the said parifh, upon the Sunday in the afternoon after divine fervice, there to confider of fome good courfe to be taken, and of fome meet order to be fet down in the pre- i mifles; (2) and shall within four days after the end of their | year, and after other overfeers nominated as aforesaid, make and yield up to such two justices of peace as is aforesaid, a true and perfect account of all fums of money by them received, or rated and fefled and not received, and also ot such ftock as shall be in their hands, or in the hands of any of the poor to work, and of The overfeers all other things concerning their laid office 5 (3) and such fum account. or fams of money as shall be in their hands, shall pay and deliver over to the said church-wardens and overfeers newly nominated

fhall meet once every month.

«. Bulftr. 345, &c. 358.

5 Mod. 179.

go

Who shall be overfeers for the poor; their office, duty and account, &c. Eliz. c. 3.

r 601.3 Anno quadragefimo terdo Elizabeths c.a.	31

inated and appointed as aforesaid; (4) upon pain that every ovtrfetn one of them abfenting themfelves without lawful caufe as afore-faid, from such monthly meeting for the purpose aforesaid, or negligence, being negligent in their office, or in the execution of the orders aforesaid, being made bv and with the aflent of the said indices of peace, or any two ot them before-mentioned, to forfeit for every such default of absence or negligence twenty fhillings.

III.	And be it also enacted, That if the said justices of peace	_

do perceive, that the inhabitants of any pari(h are not able to habitant* ©f~ levy among themfelves fufficient fums of money for the pur- any parifh are pofes aforesaid 5 That then the (aid two justices shall and may not aMc to re-tax, rate and aflefs as aforesaid, any other of other parifhes, or **!*.*!* P00^ out of any parifh, within the hundred where the said pariih is, * ventr*™©. to pay such fum and fums of money to the church-wardens and church war-overleers of the said poor pariih for the said purposes, as the deni, See. way said justices shall think fit, according to the intent of this law: maJc? m

{2) and if the said hundred shall not be thought to the said £eS£^ justices able and fit to relieve the laid several parilhes not able &c. to provide for themfelves as aforefiud; Then the justices of 13^4Car.** peace at their general quarter-feflions, or the greater number ofc* 1 *• f-xl* them, shall rate and aflefs as aforesaid, any other of other parilhes, or out of any pariih, within the said county for the purposes aforesaid, as in their diferetion shall feem fit.

IV.	And that it shall be lawful, as well for the prefent as A remedy for fubfequent church-wardens and overfeers, or any of them, by the levying of warrant from any two such justices of peace, as is aforesaid, to ^ JJ?ncy levy as well the (aid fums of money, and all arrearages, of eveiy*"5®*1, one that shall refofe to contribute according as they shall be

aflefled, by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods, as the fums of money or (lock which shall be behind upon any account to be made as aforesaid, rendring to the parties the overplus; (2) Imprisonment and in defedt of such diftrefs, it shall be lawful for any such twq j* defmolt of* justices of the peace to commit him or them to the common dlftrefe* gaol of the county, there to remain without bail or undnprize until payment of the said fum, arrearages and ftock: (3) and Imprisonment the said justices of peace, or any one of them, to fend to the °l’thofe that houfe of correction or common gaol, such as shall not employ W1“ not work‘ themfelves to work, being appointed thereunto, as aforesaid:

(4)	and also any such two justices of peace to commit to the said Refufers to prifon every one of the said church-wardens and overfeers which acf®un^

(hall refufe to account, there to remain without bail or main-	-

prize until he have made a true account, and fatisfied and paid lb much as upon the said account shall be remaining in his hands.

V.	And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Binding ot

faid church-wardens and overfeers, or the greater part of them, children ap-by the aflent of any two justices of the peace aforefiud, to bind ^	t

any such children, as aforesaid, to be apprentices, where they 3 Car.Y. c**! shall fee convenient, till such man-child shall come to the agc Farther provt-of four and twenty years, and such woman-child to the age ofA*" relating one and twenty years, or the time of her marriage; the fame ******

to

32 Anno quadragcfimo tcrtio Elizabeth^, c.2. [1601.

s &9 W. j. to be as effeftual to all purposes, as if such child were of full £3®*/ s* age, and by indenture of covenant bound him or her felf. (2) to mt£nt that neceflary places of habitation may more turnedover to conveniently be provided for such poor impotent people; (3) ibefea-fcrvitt, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That it shall and may \ Ann. be lawful for tne said church-wardens and overfecrs, or the 6	6* greater part of them, by the leave of the lord or lords of the

Building of manfor, whereof any wafte or common within their parifh is houses on the or shall be parcel, and upon agreement before with him or wafte for the them made in writing, under the hands and feals of the said Eabit° m lord or lords, orotherwife, according to any order to be fet 9 Geo. t. c.7. down by the justices of peace of the said county at their general quarter-felfions, or the greater part of them, by like leave and agreement of the said lord or lords in writing under his or their hands and feals, to ereft, build, and fet up in fit and convenient places of habitation in such wade or common, at the general charges of the pari(h, or otherwise of the hundred or county, as aforesaid, to be taxed, rated and gathered in manner before exprefied, convenient houses of dwelling for the said impotent poor; (4) and also to place inmates, or more families than one m one cottage or houfe; one aft made in the one and ji £1. e. 7* thirtieth year of her Majesty’s reign, intituled. An afl againfi the ere fling and maintaining of cottage,f, or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithdanding: (5) which cottages'and places for inmates shall not at any time after be ufed or em-

Kto or for any other habitation, but only for impotent or of the fame pari(h, that shall be there placed from time* to time by the church-wardens and overfeers of the poor of the fame parilh, or the mod part of them, upon the pains and forfeitures contained in the laid former aft made in the (aid oqe and thirtieth year of her Majedy’s reign.

A remedy for VL Provided always. That if any person or perlbns shall ^beinfelvcs grieved with any fefs or tax, or other aft done fetos graved	^ church-wardens and other persons, or by the faid

with any ux. judices of peace; that then it shall be lawful for the judices of peace, at their general quarter-felfions, or the greater number of them, to take such order therein, as to them shall be thought convenient; and the fame to conclude and bind all the said parties*

Poor persons VII. And be it further enafted. That the father and grand-relieved by father, and the mother and grandmother, and the children of theh parents every poor, old, blind, lame and impotent perfon, or other OTGw! 1 c 8. Poor	not	able	to	work,	being of a fufficient ability, shall,

I Bullir. 344. a* their own charges, relieve and maintain every such poor person in that manner, and according to that rate, as by the judices of peace of that county where such fufficient persons dwell, or the greater number of them, at their general quarter-feffions shall be affefled; (2) upon pain that every one of jhem shall forfeit twenty shillings for every month which they shall fail therein.

VIII. And

i6ox.] Annoquadragefimo terrio Elizabeths, c.a.	33

VIII.	And be it further hereby enacted, That the mayors, Officers of bailiffs, or other head officers of every town and place corporate corP°rate and city within this realm, being juftice or justices of peaoe, [he authority {hall have the fame authority by virtue of this act, within the of justices or limits and precinfts of their junfdi&ions, as well out of feffions, peace.

as at their feffions, if they hold any, as is herein limited, pre- ,

feribed and appointed to justices of the peace of the county, or

any two or more of them, or to the justices of peace in their

quarter-feffions, to do and execute for all the ufes and purposes

in this a & prescribed, and no other juftice or justices of peace to

enter or meddle there: (2) and that every alderman of the city Aldermen of

of London within his ward, shall and may do and execute in London. 1

every refpedt fo much as is appointed and allowed by this adt

to be done and executed by one or two justices of peace of any

county within this realm.

IX. And be it also enacted, That if it shall happen any A parifh ex-parifh to extend it felf into more counties than one, or part to tendinginto lie within the liberties of any city, town or place corporate, and fntoUt^o7i>-°r

1 part without, That then as well the justices of peace of every bmicr° ~ county, as also the head officers of such city, town or place cor- 1 Bulftx. 351* porate shall deal and intermeddle only in fo much of the said parifli as lieth within their liberties, and not any further: (2) and evety of them refpedtively within their fevcral limits, wards and jurifdidtions, to execute the ordinances before-mentioned concerning the nomination of overfeers, the confent to binding apprentices, the giving warrant to levy taxations unpaid, the taking account of church-wardens and overfeers, and the committing to prifon such as refufe to account, or deny to pay the arrearages due upon their accounts ; (3) and yet neverthelefs, the said church-wardens and overfeers, or tne moft part of them, of the said parifhes that do extend into such several limits and jurifdi&ions, shall, without* dividing themfelves, duly execute their office in all places within the said parilh, in all things to them belonging, and shall duly exhibit and make one account before the said head officer of the town or place corporate, and one other before the said justices of peace, or any luch two of them, as is aforesaid.

X.	And further be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The justices if in any place within this realm there happen to be hereafter forfeiture for no such nomination of overfeers yearly, as is before appointed, overfed That then every juftice of peace of the county, dwelling within ov r er$* the divifion where such default of nomination shall happen, and

every mayor, alderman and head officer of city, town or place corporate where fudh default shall happen, shall lofe and forfeit for every such default five pounds, to be employed towards the relief of the poor of the said parifh or place corporate, and to be levied, as aforesaid, of their goods, by warrant from the general feffions of the peace of the faid'county, or of the fame city, town or place corporate, if they keep feffions.

XI.	And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the for-all penalties and forfeitures before-mentioned in this a6t to be ^ l^vTed'ancl

Vol. VII.	D	forfeited impioyeU#

34	Anno	quadragdimo tertioElizabeth®. c.»/[i6oi.

forfeited by any person or persons, shall go and be employed to the ufe of the poor of the tame parifh, and towards a flock and habitation for them, and other ncceflary ufes arid relief, as before in this aft are mentioned and exprefled; (2) and shall be levied by the said church-wardens and overfeers, or one of them, by warrant from any two such juflices of peace, or mayor, alderman, or head officer of city, town or place corporate refpedtivdy within their several limits, by diftrefs and fale thereof, as aforesaid \ -(3) or in defe& thereof, it shall be lawful for any two such juflices of peace, and the said aldermen and head officers within their several limits, to commit the offender to the Cud prifon, there to remain without bail or mainprize till the said forfeitures shall be fatisfied and paid.

The jufbces XII. And bp it further  enacted by the authority aforesaid, very Mrilh to That the juflices of peace of every county or place corporate, a JtMy fum. or the more part of them, in their general feflions to beholden a fiulftr. 553. next after the feaft of Eajitr next, and fo yearly as often as they shall think meet, shall rate every parifh to such a weekly fum of money as they shall think convenientj (2) fo as no panfh be rated above the fum of fix-pence, nor under the fum of a half-peny, weekly to be paid, and fo as the total fum of such taxation of the parifhes in every county amount not above the rate of two-pence for every parifh within the said county: (3) which fums fo taxed shall be yearly afieffed by the agreement of the parifhioncrs within themfelves, or in default thereof, by the church-wardens and petty conftables of the fame parifh, or the more part of them : or in default of their agreement, by the order of such juflice or juflices of peace as mail dwell in the fame parifh, or (if none be there dwelling) in the parts next adjoining.

XIII.	And if any person shall refufe or negle& to pay any p&y money such portion of money fo taxed, it shall be lawful for the said taxed. church-wardens and conftables, or any of them, or in their de-fault, for any iuftice of peace of the Cud limit, to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the party fo refuting or neglecting, rendring to the party the overplus: (2) and in default of such diftrefs, it shall be lawful to any juflice of that limit to commit such person to the said prifon, there to abide without bail or mainprize till he have paid the fame.

Relief for the XIV. Ana be it also ena&ed. That the said juflices of peace prifoner* °f at their general quarter-feffions to be holden at the time of such bench mar- taxat*°u, shall fetdown what competent fums of money shall be foalfea, hof- fent quarterly out of every county or place corporate, for the pitals. relief of the poor prisoners of the King’s bench and marfhalfea, and also of such hofpitals and alms-houfes as shall be in the said county, and what fums of money shall be fent to every one of the said hofpitals, and alms-houles, fo as there be fent out of every county yearly twenty shillings at the leaft, to each of the said prifons of the King’s bench and marfhalfea; (2) which fums ratably to be afieffed upon every parifh, the church-wardens of .every parifh shall truly collect and pay over to the high

conftables

ifiot.J Anno quadragefimo tcrtio Elizabethan. c. 2. .	$5

conftables in whofe divifion such parifli /hall be fituate, from time to time, quarterly, ten days before the end of every quarter; (3) and every such conftable at every such quarter-feffions in such county, mall pay over the fame to two such treafurers, xreafureri. or to one of them, as shall by the more part of the justices of peace of the county be elected to be the said treafurers, to be chofen by the justices of peace of the laid county, city or town, or place corpprate, or of others which were fefled and taxed at five pounds lands, or ten pounds goods at the ieaft, at the tax of fubfidy next before the time of the said election to be made 5 (4) and the said treafurers fo elected to continue for the fpace of one whole year in their office, and then to give up their charge, with a due account of their receipts and difburf-ments, at the quarter-feffions to be holden next after the feaft of Eqjltr in eveiy year, to such others as shall from year to year, in form aforesaid, fucceflively be eledted treafurers for v f the said county, city,*ewn or place corporate ; (5) which said j^eofEn^ treafurers, or one of them, shall pay over the fame to the lord land, knight chief juftice of England, and knight marfhal for the time being, marfhal. equally to be divided to the ufe aforesaid, taking their acquittance for the fame, or in default of the said chief juftice, to the next antienteft juftice of the King's bench, as aforesaid: (6) and if any church-warden or high conftable, or his executors or adminiftrators, shall fail to make payment in form above fpecified, then every church-warden, his executors or adminiftrators, fo offending, shall forfeit for every time the fum of ten (hillings; (7) and evenr high conftable, his executors or The forfei-adminiftrators, mall forfeit for every * time the fum of twentyturc the shillings ; (8) the fame forfeitures, together with the Turns be- jen^or h'^h-hind, to be levied by the said treafurer and treafurers by way conftables^of-of diftrefs and fale of the goods as aforesaid, in form aforesaid, fending, and by them to be employed towards the charitable ufes com-prifed in this adt.

3fV. And be it further enacted, That all the furplufage of How the fur-money which shall be remaining in the said ftockof any county, plufage shall by difcretion of thd more part of the justices of peace in their quarter-fefiions, be ordered, diftributed and beftowed for the 1	’

relief of the poor hofpitals of that county, and of thofethat shall fuftain Ioffes by fire, water, the Tea or other cafualties, and to such other charitable purposes, for the relief of the poor, as to the more part of the (aid justices of peace shall feem convenient.

XVI. And be it further .enadted, That if any treafurer eledl- The ed shall wilfully refufe to take upon him the said office of fo Insurer? treafurerfhip, or refufe to diftribute and give relief, or to ac- to give relief, coutn, according to such form as shall be appointed by the more or account, pan of the said justices of peace That then it (half be lawful tor the justices of peace in their quarter-feffions, or in their default, for the justices of affize at their affixes to be holden in the fame county, to fine the fame treafurer by their difcretion; (2) the fame fine not to be under three pounds, and to be levied by /ale of his goods, and to be profecuted by any two of the faid

D 2	juftices

3*> Anno quadragefimo tcrdo Elizabeths, c.2. [1601;

juftices of peace whom they shall authorize. (3) Provided al-EaAerv ** ways> That this adt shall not take effedt until the feaft of Eafter next.

For what XVII. And be it enabled, That the statute made in the nine time, and to and thirtieth year of her Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act for the what purpose Te\uf 0f the poor, lhall continue and (land in force until the ELc. i.fcal? of Eafter next 3 (2) and that all taxations heretofore im-be'put in ex- pofed and not paid, nor that shall be paid before the (aid feaft ecution. of Edfter next, and that all taxes hereafter before the said feaft to be taxed by virtue of the said former adt, which shall not be paid before the said feaft of Eafter, shall and may after the said Feaft di Eafter be levied by the overfeers and otner persons in this adt refpedtively appointed to levy taxations, by diftrefs, and by such warrant in every refpedt, as if they had been taxed and impofed by virtue of this adt, and were not paid.

The ifland of XVIII. Provided always. That whereas the ifland of Fowl-Efts; m nefs *n county EJFex* being environed with the fea, and eXa	having	a	chapel	of	eafe for the inhabitants thereof, and yet the

faid ifland is no pari(h, but the lands in the fame are ntuated within divers parifhes far diftant from the said ifland; (2) be It therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said justices of peace shall nominate and appoint inhabitants within the (aid ifland, to be overfeers for the poor people dwelling within the said ifland, and that both they the (add justices and the said pverfeers shall have the fame power and authority to all intents, confiderations and purposes for the execution of the parts and articles of this adt, and shall be fubjedt to the lame pains and forfeitures, and likewise that the inhabitants and occupiers of lands there shall be liable and chargeable to the fame payments, charges, expences and orders, in such manner and form as if the fame ifland were a parifh; (3) in confederation whereof, neither the said inhabitants or occupiers of land within the said ifland, (hail not be compelled to contribute towards the [relief of the poor of thofe parifhes wherein their houses or lands which they occupy within the laid ifland are fituated, for or by realbn of their said habitations or occupyings, other than for the relief of the poor people within the said ifland, neither yet shall the other inhabitants of the parifhes wherein such houses or lands are fituated be compelled, by reafon of their refiancyor dwelling, to contribute to the relief of the poor inhabitants within the said ifland.

The defen- XIX. And be it further enacted. That if any adtion of dfuitScomtin	frefpafs or other fuit shall happen to be attempted and brought

roenced T-"	againft any person or persons, for taking of any diftrefs, making

gainft him of any fale, or any other thing doing, by authority of this pre-upon this	fent adt, the defendant or defendants in any such adtion or

ftatute.	fuit shall ancj may cither plead not guilty, or otherwise make

avowry, cognifance or juftification for the taking of the said .	diftreffes, making of fale, or other thing doing by virtue of

this adt, alledging in such avowry, cognifance dr juftification. That the said diftrefs, (ale, trefpafs or other thing whereof the

plaintiff

i6oi.] Anno quadragefimo tertio Elizabeths, c.3.	37

plaintiff or plaintiffs complained, was dcfne by authority of this a ft, and according to the tenor, purport and effect of this act, without any expreffmg or rehearfal of any other matter or circumftance contained in this prefent aft: (2) to which avowry, cognifance or juftification, the plaintiff shall be admitted to reply. That the defendant did take the said diftrefs, made the said fale, or did any other aft or trefpafs fuppofed in his declaration, of his own wrong, without any such caufe alledged by the (aid defendant; (3} whereupon the iflue in every such aftion shall be joined, to be tried by verdift of twelve men, and not otherwife, as is accuftotoed in other per-lonal aftions : (4) and upon the trial of that iflue, the whole matter to be given on both parties in evidence, aocdrding to the very truth of the fame ; (5) and after such iflue tried for Treble da-the defendant, of nonfuit of the plaintiff after appearance, the JeSSaat™ fame defendant to recover treble damages, by reafon of his an(j c(&9, wrongful vexation in that behalf, with his cofts also in that part luftained, and that to be aflefled by the fame jury, or writ to enquire of the damages, as the fame shall require,

XX. Provided always. That this aft shall endure no longer than to the end of the next feflion of parliament. 3 Car. 1. c. 4.

Continued until the end of the firjl fejfion of the next parliamenty and farther continued by j6 Car. 1. c. 4.

CAP. lit

An act for the necejfary relief of folders and mariners*

WHEREAS in the thirty-fifth year of the Shieerismajefiy's The lUtute reign that nous isy an aft was madey intituledy An act for of35EI£i‘-c'4f the neceflary relief of foldiers and mariners: and whereas in the c?ai\9Con-’ thirty-ninth year of her Majefifs reigny there was also made another ceming the at7, intituled, An act for the further continuance and expla- relief of fol-nation of the said former, be it enacted by authority of this dieraandm*-prefent parliament. That both the said afts shall be and con-tinue in force until the feaft of Eajler next, and shall be from ** and after the said feaft difcontinued.

II.	And forafmuch as it is now found more needful than it was Who shall at the making of the said afts, to provide relief and rrlaintenance to be hereafter foldiers and mariners that have loft their limbs, and difabled their charged with bodies in the defeme and fervtce of her Majesty and the ft ate, in ref- their re*1 peft the number of the said foldiers is fo much the greater, by how \ Jf- who " much her Majefifs juft and honourable iefenfrue wars are iturcafed \ (ball receive (2) 16 the end therefore that they the said foldiers ajid mariners it and pay it may reap the fruits of their good defervings, and others may be *° thcm» .an<i encouraged to perform the like endeavours.

III.	Be it enacted by the authority of this present parliament, begging foall That from and after the said feaft of Eafter next, every parifh be punched, within this realm of England and Wales mall be charged to pay &c« weekly such a fum of money towards the relief of lick, hurt Every parifh and maimed foldiers and mariners, that fo have been as afore charged with is laid, or shall lefe their limbs, or difable their bodies, having * weekly fum been preff and in pay for her Majesty’s fervice, as by the ju- toj^rd£^J®

38	Arnio	quadragefimo tertio Elizabeths, c.3,

dkrs and ina-ftices of peace, or < the more part of them, in their general nnm- quarter-feffions to be holden in their fevcra) counties next after the feaft of Eafier next, and fo from tixpa to time at the like quarter-feffions to be holden next after the feaft of itayfar Yearly, shall be appointed, fo as no parilh be rated above the hun of ten pence, nor under the fum of two pence weekly to be paid, and fo as the total film of fitch taxation of the pantiles in any county where there shall be above fifty pantiles, do not.exceed the rate of fix pence for every parilh in the fame county 9 (a) which fiuns fo taxed shall be yearly aflefled by the agreements The taxation qf the paritiiioners within themfelves, or in default thereof* °f*ycry Pa” by the church-wardens and the petty conftables of the fime r '	parilh,	or	the	more	part of them, or in default of their agree*

merit, by .the order of such justices or juftice pf peace, as (halt dwell in the fame parilh, or if none be there dwelling, i& the parts next adjoining.

The penalty IV. And if any person Ihall refufe or npgledt to pay any for refuting to such portion of money fo taxed, it shall be lawful for the find pay the money church-wardens and petty conftables and every of them* or in taxe<1, their defaults, for the said justices of peace or juftice, to fcvy such fum by diftrels and fale of the goods or chattels of the* party fo refuting or neglecting, rendring to the party the over* plus raifed upon such (ale.

V.	And for the collecting and cuftody of the films taxed in Aall form aforesaid, be it ena&ed, That the church-wardens and

petty conftables of every parilh Ihall truly colled evert such fum, and the lame shall pay over unto the high conftables in whofe divifion such parilh mall be fituate, ten days before the quarter-feffions to be holden next before or about the feaft of the nativity of St. John Baptijl next, in the county where the said parilh shall be fituate, and fo from time to time quarterly* within ten days before every quarter-feffions r (2) and that every such high conftable, at every such quartcr-fefiions in such county, shall pay over the fame to two such justices of peace, or to two such other*perfons, or one of them, as shall be by the more part of the justices of peace of the fame county eleCled to be treafurers of the said collection; (3) the lame other persons to be elected treafurers, to be such as at the last taxation of the fubfidy next before the fame election shall bo. valued and fefted at ten pounds in lands yearly, or at fifteen pounds m goods; (4) which treafurers in every county fo chofen shall continue but for the fpace of one whole year, and then give up their charge, with a due account of their receipts and dilburfements, at their meeting in Eafter quarter-feffions, or within ten days after, to such others as shall from year to year, in the form aforesaid, fuccelfively be eleCled.

VI.	And if any church-warden, petty conftable or high conftable, or his executors or adminiftrators, Ihall fail to make

of payment!8^ Paymcnt in form above fpecified. Then every church-warden p y ’ and petty conftable, his executors 2nd adminiftrators fo offending, Ihall forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings. (2) And

’ every

Church-war-1, See. fh to the igb conftables the money taxed.

Treafurers.

Treafurers

account.

Church-wardens or con-

39

i6oi.] Anno quadragefimo tcrtio Elizabeth,®, c.3.

tvenr high conftablc, his executors, or adminiftrators, the fum of forty (hillings: (3) to be levied by the treafurers aforesaid by diftrefs and ole in manner before exprefled, and to be taken by the said treafarera in augmentation or their flock, to the ufes afore (xk).

VII.	And if any treafurer, his executors or adminiftrators,«u*fv

fhall foil to give up h» account within the time aforesaid, or	0‘*

lhajl be otherwise negligent in the execution of his charge, neglecting tbs theft it shall be lawful for the more part of the justices of peace charge.

of the fame county in their feffions, to aiflefe such fine upon such treafurer, his executors or adminiftrators, as in their dif» cretion lhall feem convenient, fo it be not undcg the fum of five pounds,

VIII.	And for the true and juft diftribution and employment To what trea. of the fums fo received according to the true meaning of this ^urer *•“ fol* adt; (a) be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That every nner°fhaU re-foldier or mariner, having had his or their limbs loft, or dif- pair for relief, abled in their bodies by fervice, being in her Majesty’s pay as

above is mentioned, or such as shall hereafter return into this realm hurt or maimed, or grievoufiy Ack, (ball repair, if he be able to travel, and make his complaint to the treafurers of the county out of which he was prefled; (3) or if he were no preft man, to the treafurers of the county where he was born, or last inhabited by the fpace of three years, at his eledtion $ and if he be not Ale to travel, to the treafurers of the county where he shall land or arrive; (4) and shall bring a certificate Who lhall unto any of the treafurers aforesaid, under the hand and feal of make the the general of the camp, or governor of the town wherein he ^^r°cer-ferved, and of the captain of the band under whom he ferved, or bis lieutenant, or in the absence of the Aud general or governor, from the marfbal or deputy of the governor, or from any admiral of her Majesty’s fleet, or in his absence from any other general of her Majesty’s ftups at the feas, or in absence of such general, from the captain of the fhip wherein the said mariners or fbldiers did ferve the Queen’s majesty, containing the par-ticulars of his hurts and fervices 5 (5) which certificate shall be ^e^rtficarv, also allowed by the general mufter-mafter for the time being, iefident here within this realm, or receiver general of the mufter-rolls, the treafurer and comptroller of her Majesty’s navy, under his hand, for the avoiding of all fraud and counterfeiting;

(6)	then upon such certificate, such treafurers as are before The treafurer exprefled, shall according to the nature of his hurt and com-	tie fol-

mendation of his fervice, aflign unto him such a portion of dicr. relief as in their diferetions lhall feem convenient for his prefent neceflity, until the next quarter-feffians; (7) at the which it The justices of shall be lawful for the more part of the justices of peace under pe»ce fl*11 their hands, to make an inftrument or grant of the fame or ^foldien like, relief, to endure as long as this a eft lhall' ftand or endure to s' in force, if the feme soldier or mariner fo long live, and the fame penfion be not duly revoked or altered, which shall be a fufneient warrant to all treafurers for the feme county, to make payment of fuel) penfion unto such perfons- quarterly,

D 4	except

foldiers.

Thejuftices may revoke, or alter the relief of foldiers.

Soldiers arriving far

40 Anno quadragefimo terrio Elizabeths. c.g. [160* *

except the fame shall be afterward by the (aid jufticer revoked How much re- or altered: (8) fo that such relief as shall be affigned by inch ^ ** treafurers or justices of peace, to any such foldicr or mariner either^ fort of having not borne office in the said wars, exceed not the fiim ift grofs nor yearly penfion of ten pounds, nor to any that hath borne office.under the degree of a lieutenant, the fum of fifteen pounds, nor to any that hath ferved in the office of lieutenant^ the fum of twenty pounds.

IX.	And yet neverthelefs, it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices of peace and others having authority by this a& to affign penfioos to foldiers and mariners, upon any juft caofe to revoke, ^Jimunfh or alter the fame from time to time, according to Their .diferetions in their general quarter-feffions of the peace, or general afiemblies for cities or towns corporate where the fame penfion shall be granted.

X.	And whereas it ntuft needs fall out, that many of such hurt and maimed foldiers and mariners do arrive in ports and places far

whereat h^aCC remoU from	counim whence they are by virtue of this aft to receive

*rcto receive ^eir yearly annuities and penfions: (7.) as also they are preferihed by relief. this aft to obtain the .allowance of their certificates from the msefter-mafler or receiver general of the mufier-rolls who commonly is Hie ter abide about the court or London, fo^as they /ball need at the firjl% provifm for the bearing of their charges to such places ; (3) be it therefore enabled, That it may be lawful for .the treafurers of the county where they shall arrive, in their diferetion, upon their certificate (though not allowed) to. give them any convenient relief for their journey to carry them to the next county, with a teftimonial of their allowance, to pafs on towards such a place : and in like manner shall it be lawful for the treafurer of the next county to do the like; and fo from county to county (in the dired way) till they come to the place where they are di reded to find their maintenance according to the tenor, of this ftatute.

The treafurers XI. And for the better execution of this ad in all the book of com- branches thereof, be it enaded. That every the treafurers in JegUtcr*1* l^eir ^cvera^ counties shall keep a true book of computation of ' all such fums as they levied, and also a regifter of the names of every such person unto whom they shall have difburfed any relief: (2) and shall also preferve or enter every certificate, by warrant whereof such relief hath been by them difburfed: (3) and also that the mufter-mafter or receiver general of the mufier-rolls (haJl keep a book, wherein shall be entred the names of Mufter-mafter all such whofe certificates shall be by him allowed, with an shall keep a abftrad of their certificates: (4) and that every treafurer returning or not accepting the certificate brought unto him from the said mufter-mafter, shall write and fubfcribe the caufe of his not accepting or not allowing thereof undefr the said certificate, or on the back thereof.

The treafurer XII. And be it further enaded. That if any treafurer shall refuting; to wilfully refufe to, diftribute and give anv relief according to the form of this ad. That it shall be lawful for the justices of peace

in

'. book of certificates,

give relief.

i6oi.] Anno ^uadragefimo t«tio Elizabethm. c.3.	41

Intbck quartcr-feffionsto fine such treafurers by their difcre-tioosr as afarefaid 3 the fame fine to- be levied by diftrefs arid fate,; thereof, to be pnofecuted by any two of them vMiom they shall amhariae.

XILL And be it also enaAed, That every soldier or mariner a soldier or thatA(haH be taken begging in any place within this realm after marinertakea die; feat of Eqfter next, or any that shall counterfeit any cer- begging or tificate in this aA exprefled, mall for ever lofe his annuity or penfion, and shall he taken deemed and adjudged as a common caf^ rogue or vagabond perfon, and shall have and fuftain the feme and the like pains, imprifonment and punifhment, as is appointed and provided for common rogues and vagabond persons.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it enaAed, That all the fur- How the fur-plufage of money whicn shall be remaining in the flock of any county, shall by the difcretion of the more part of the justices of peace in their quarter-feffions be ordered, dillributed and El. c. %. beftowed upon such good and charitable ufes, and in such form, as are limited and appointed in theftatutes made and now in force concerning relief of the poor, and punifhment of ' rogues and beggars*

AV. Provided, always. That the justices of peace within any county''of this realm or Wales shall not intromit or enter into any city* borough, place or town corporate, where is any juftice of . peace for anv such city, borough, place or town corporate for the execution or any article of this aA 3 (2) but that it shall be lawful phief officers to the juftice and justices of peace, mayors, bailiffs and other	f

head officers of thofe cities, boroughs, places and towns cor- execute this . porate, where there is any juftice of peace, to proceed to thfe aA there* execution of this aA within the precinA and compafs of their liberties, in such manner as the juftices! of peace in any county may do by virtue of this aA: (3) and that every juftice of peace within every such city, borough, place or town corporate,’ for every offence by him committed, contrary to the meaning of this ftatute, shall be finable, as other justices of peace at the large in the counties are m this aA appointed to be: (4) and that the mayor and justices of peace in every such city, borough, place and town corporate; shall have authority by this prefent aA to appoint any person for the receiving of the said money and paying the fame within such city, borough, place or town corporate; which person fo appointed shall have authority to do all such things, and be fubjeA to all such penalties, as high conftables by virtue of this 4A fliould have or be.

XVI* And be it enaAed, That all forfeitures to be forfeited How the for-by any treafurer, eolleAor, conftable, church-warden, or other feitures shall perfon, for any caufe mentioned in this aA, shall be employ- employed, ed to the relief of such foldiers and mariners, as are by this aA appointed to take and have relief: (2) and after that 1 relief latisfied, then the overplus thereof, with the overplus of the dock remaining in any of the said treafurers hands, shall be employed, as is before-mentioned, to the charitable ufes exprefled in the said statutes concerning the relief of the poor,

and

4*

Out of what county relief

Anno quadragefimo tertio Elizabethje. c.£ [1601.

and for punifhment of rogues and beggars, (except the said juftices, or the more part of them, shall think meet to referve and keep the fame in flock for the maintenance and relief of such foldiers and mariners, as out of the fame county may afterwards be appointed to receive relief and penfions:} (3) fliall be criven anc* ^at ^ appointed to be given by this aft (hail be to foldiers and given to foldiers and mariners out of the county or place where mariners, A they were prefled, fo far forth as the taxation limited by this aft will extend : (4) and if the whole taxation there shall be before employed according to the meaning of this act, or that they shall not be preft men, then out of die place where they were born, or last inhabited by the fpace of three years, at his or their eleftion.

Pennon af- XVII. Provided always, and be it enafted, That every pen-fignedtoftand fion affigned heretofore to any foldieror mariner, or that (nsdi be though the a&gned before the said feaft of Eafter next, notwithstanding the ftatu^s be difcontinuance of the said two former afts, shall ftand in force, repealed. and shall yearly from and after the said feaft of Softer next be 35 Eli**c* 4* fatisfied and paid out of such taxations and forfeitures as shall 39 Euz. c. 11.	collefted	and levied by force of this act, fo long as

the said penfion shall remain in force, without such revocation or diminifhing, as is before in this aft mentioned; (2) which daufe of revocation or diminifhing before-mentioned shall extend as well to penfions heretofore affigned, as to such £S at any time hereafter, before or after the said feaft of Eafter * shall be affigned to any person or perfona.

XVIII.	And be it also enafted, That all arrearages of taxations heretofore made by virtue of the said former statutes or any of them, which shall be or remain at the said feaft of Eafter next uncollefted and not received or levied, ()|all and may by authority of this aft be had, received and levied by such per-fons, and in such manner and form, as in every refpeft taxations made by virtue of this aft are appointed to be collefted, received and levied, and shall be employed to the ufes exprefied in this aft and no otherwise.

. -	.	XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority

fufficient for°* afQrefaid, That if the said rate shall be thought not to be fuf-the foldiers in ficient for the relief of such foldiers and mariners as shall be to be relieved within the city of London; that then it shall be lawful for the mayor, recorder and aldermen of London, or the more part of them, to rate and tax such reafonable tax, fum and fums of money, for the said relief, as shall be to them thought fit and convenient: fo as such fom and fums of money fo to be rated do not exceed three shillings weekly .out of any pari(h,andfoas in thetotal,the fum shall not exceed or be under twelve pence weekly out of every pari(h one with another, within the said city and liberties thereof.

XX.	This aft to endure to the end of the next feffion of parliament and no longer. Continued until the end of thefrft jeJJion of the next parliament by 3 Car. 1. c. 4. .and farther continued by x6 Car. x. c. 4.

CAP.

Taxations made and not levied.

A provifion if

London.

43

i6oi*] Anno quadragefimo tertio Elizabethan c.4.

CAP. IV.

An a3 to reclrefs the mif employment of lauds, goods and ftocks of money heretofore given to certain charitable ufes•

WHEREAS lands, tenements, rents, annuities, profits, here- Commifllon-ditaments, goods, chattels, money and flocks of money have authorised been heretofore given, limited, appointed and affigned, as well by the Queen's mojl excellent majejly, and her mofi noble progenitors, as mem 07 fends by sundry other well-dijpofedperfons; fome for relief of aged, impotent or goods given and poor people, fome for maintenance of fick and maimed foldiers to nofpitals, and mariners, fihools of learning, free fcbopls, and fcholars in uni- j£cir orden ' verfities, fome for repair of bridges, ports, havens, caufewan, shall be per-churches, feu-banks and highways, fome for education and prefer- formed. ment of orphans, fome for or towards rehtf, flock or maintenance *hift. 7°7-for houses of eerreflion, fome for marriages of poor maids, fome for fupportation, aid and help of young tradefmen, handicraftfmen and persons decayed, and others for relief or redemption of prifotiers or captives, andfor aid or eafe of any poor inhabitants concerning pay-meats offifteens, fettingcut of foldiers and other taxes; which lands, tenements, rents, annuities, profits, hereditaments, goods, chattels, money and flecks of money, neverthelefs have not been employed according to the charitable intent of the givers and founders thereof, by reafin of frauds, breaches of truft, and negligence in thofe that jhould pay, deliver and employ the fame: (2) for redrefs and remedy whereof* be it ena<fted by authority of this present parliament* That it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord chancellor or keeper of the great feal of England for the time being, and for the chancellor of the duchy of Lancafier for the time being for lands within the county palatine of L$n-cajler, from time to time to award commiffions under the great Commiffion-. fcal of England, or the feal of the county palatine* as the cafe shall require, into all or any part or parts of this realm ref- fends ind ° pedtively, according to their several jurifdidlions as aforesaid, goods to to the hifhop of every several diocefe and his chancellor, (in cafe charitable there shall be any bifhopofthat diocefe, at the time of awarding urcs# of the fame commiflions) and to other perlbns of good and pour eommif-found behaviour, (3) authorizing them thereby, or any four fioners at the or more of them, to enquire, as well by the oaths of twelve haft* lawful men or more of the county* as by al] other good and lawful ways and means* of all and Angular such gins, limitations* alignments and appointments aforesaid, and of the abufes, breaches of trufts, .negligences, mif-employments, not imploying, concealing, defrauding* mif-converting or mif-govemment of any lands, tenements, rents, annuities* profits,’ hereditaments, goods* chattels, money pr ftocks of money, heretofore given, limited* appointed or affigned, or which hereafter shall be given, limited, appointed or affigned* to or for any the charitable and godly ufes before rehearfed : (4) Tbe fnqUjw

. and

44

Anno quadragefimo terdo Elizabeths, c.4. [ 160 r

and after the said commiffioners or any four or more of them (upon calling the parties' interefled ip any such lands, tenements, rents, annuities, profits, hereditaments, goods; chattels, money and (locks of money) shall make enquiry by the oaths of twelve men or more or the said county (whercunto the faid; parties interefled shall and may have, and take their lawful challenge and challenges) (5) and upon such cmjuiry. The coromif- ^ear*ng ar*d examining thereof, fet down such orders, judg-fionersorders, ments and decrees, as the said lands, tenements, rents, annuities, profits, goods, chattels, money and (locks of money, may be duly and faithfully employed, to and for such of the charitable ules and intents before rehearfed refpedively, for which they were given, limited, afiigned or appointed by the Thccommif- ^onors an<* ^un(lcrs thereof: (6) which orders, * judg-fioners orders ments and decrees, not being contrary or repugnant to the shall be exe- orders, (latutes or decrees of the donors or founders, shall by euted. the authority of this present parliament (land firm and good, according to the tenor and purport thereof, and shall be exe-The com mi f- cuted accordingly, until the fame shall be undone or altered iioners orders by the lord chancellor of England or lord keeper of the great altered. feal of England, or the chancellor of the county palatine of Lancajler, refpedively, within their several jurifdidions, upon complaint by any party grieved to be made to them. Colleges,halls E. Provided always, That neither this ad, nor anything in Oxford or therein contained, (nail in any wife extend to any lands, te* Cambridge, nements, rents, annuities, profits, goods, chattels, money or StoiTwin* ^oc*cs money, given, limited, appointed, or afiigned, or cheiter, cathe- which shall be given, limited, appointed or afiigned, to any col-dral churches, lege, hall or houfe of learning within the univerfities of Oxford 1 Lev. 284. or Cambridge, or to the colleges of IVeJlminJler, Eaton or Win* thejler, or any of them, or to any cathedral or collegiate church within this realm.

City town'	El. And provided also, That neither this ad, nor any thing

corporate,	therein, shall extend to any city, to town corporate or to any

college, hof- the lands or tenements given to the ufes aforesaid within any pital, free fUch city or town corporate, where there is a fpecial governor school. or governors appointed to govern or diredl such lands, tenements or things difpofed to any the ufes aforesaid, neither to any college, hofpital or free fchool, which have fpecial vilitors or governors, or overfeers appointed them by their founders.

Ordinary's IV. Provided also, and be it enadtd by the authority afore-juriididnon. faid. That neither this ad, nor any thing therein contained, shall be any way prejudicial or hurtful to the jurifdidion or power of the ordinary, but that he may lawfully in every caufe execute and perform the fame, as tnough this ad hac never been had or made.

None shall be , V. Provided also, and be it enadled, Thatnoperfon or per-commiffioner Tons that hath or shall have any of the fatd lands, tenements, orjurorwhich rents, annuities, profits, hereditaments, goods, chattels, money hath any part Qr (locks of money in his hands or poueffion, or doth or shall

pretend

1601.] Anno quadragcfimo terrio Elizabeth^, c.4.	45

pretend title thereunto, shall be named a commiflioner or a of the lands juror for any the caufes aforesaid, or being named shall ex- or S**1* m ecute or ferve in the fame.	quc on-

VI.	And provided also, That no person or persons which Purchafersof hath purchafed or obtained, or shall purchafe or obtain, uPon ****** **** valuable confideration of money or land, any eftate or intereft^* of, in, to or out of any lands, tenements, rents, annuities, hereditaments, goods or chattels, that have been or shall be given, limited or appointed to any the charitable ufes above mentioned, without fraud or covin, having no notice of the fame charitable ufe, shall not be impeached by any degrees or orders of the commiffioners above mentioned, for or concerning the fame bis eftate or intereft: (2) and yet neverthe- Recompence lefs, be itenaded, That the said commiffioners, or any four by thofe which or more of them, shall and may make decrees and orders for re- *** compcnce to be made by any person op persons who being puttrutt* in truft, or having notice of the charitable ufes above mentioned, hath or shall break the fame truft, or defraud the fame ufes, by any conveyance, gift, grant, Ieafe, demife, releafe or con-verfion whatfoever, and against the heirs, executors and admi-niftrators of him, them or any of them, having allets in law or equity, fo far as the fame allets will extend,

VlL Provided always. That this ad shall not extend to give Lands allured power or authority to any commiffioners before mentioned, to to King make any orders judgments or decrees, for or concerning any manors, lands, tenements or other hereditaments allured, con-veyed, granted or come unto the Queen’s maiefty, to the late Elizabeth. King Henry the Eighth, King Edward the Sixth, or Queen Mary, by ad of parliament, furrender, exchange, relinquifti-ment, efeheat, attainder, conveyance or otherwise: (2) and

Jret nevertheless, be it enaded, That if any such manors, ands, tenements or hereditaments or any of them, or any eftate, rent or profit thereof; or out of the fame or any part thereof, have or hath been given, granted, limited, appointed or affigped to or for any the charitable ufes before exprefied, at any time fithence the beginning of her Majesty’s reign 5 That then the said commiffioners, or any four or more of them, shall and may, as concerning the fame lands, tenements, hereditaments, eftate, rent or profit fo given, limited, appointed or afligned, proceed to enquire, and to make orders, judgments and decrees, according to the pun>ort and meaning of this ad, as before is mentioned; the laid last mentioned provifo notwithstanding,

VIII.	And be it further enaded. That all orders, judgments Certifying of and decrees of the said commiffioners, or of any four or more thc orders, of them, shall be certified under the feals of "the said com-miflioners, or any fquror more of them, either into the court of the chancery of England, or into the court of the chancery within the county palatine of Lancafter, as the cafe shall require refpedively, according to their several jurifdidions, with-

46	Anno quadragefimo tertio ELwajteTfttt.	[/for.

in such convenient time as shall be limited in the said com-millions.

Order for the IX. And that the said lord chancellor or lord keeper, and j execution of the said chancellor of the duchy, shall and may within their the commit feid several jurifdidions, take such order for the due execution (£0? Can4o! or	the	fiud	judgments,	decrees	and orders, as to ,

either of them shall feem fit and convenient.

A remedy for X. And that if after any such certificate or certificates made, any person any person or persons shall find themfelves grieved with any gnmred by the of the said orders, judgments or decrees, That then it fhaU comm)' onen may be lawful to and for them or any of them, to complain in that behalf unto the said lord chancellor or lord keeper, or to the chancellor of the said duchy of Lartcafler, according to their several jurifdidtions, for redrefs therein: (2) and that upon such complaint, the said lord chancellor or lord keeper, or the said chancellor of the duchy, may according to their laid several jurifdi&ions, by such courfe as to their wifdom shall feem meeteft, the circumftances of the cafe confidered, proceed to the examination, hearing and determining thereof; (2) and upon tearing thereof, shall and may annul, diminifh, alter or enlarge the laid orders, judgments and decrees of the said com-mifiioners, or any four or more of them, as to either of them in their said several jurifdi&ions shall be thought to (land with equity and good conference, according to the true intent and Cofb of fuit meaning of the donors and founders thereof; (4) and shall and against the may tax and award good cofts of fuit by their diferetions, against complainers. such perf^s as they shall find to complain unto them without juft and fufficient caufe, of the orders, judgments and decrees before mentioned.

CAP. V.

An att to prevent perjury, and fubornation of perjury, and unneceffiry expences in fiats of km.

At what time	HERE AS within divers cities and towns corporate, and

a writ to re- ▼ V other places within this realm ^England, and the dominions move a fuit thereof there are jurifdiftionsy cujloms and privileges to hold plea in an^lferi<M,in a^i9n% °f debt, and other aftions, plaints and fuits between party court shall be tmd partyy and divers of her Majejlfs fubjefts do daily commence delivered to many attions, plaints and fuits in the said cities, towns corporate the judge or and places, according to the jurifdiflions, cujloms and privileges of (hrocoMt the said places: (2) and many defendants tn aftions, plaints and fuits there brought and commenced, will fujfer the said afltons, plaints and fuits to be proceeded in and profecuted there, until the caufe be- • tween the plaintiffs and them be at ijfuet and the jury jworn, and evidence given on the plaintiffs part, before the said defendant will de-»	liver into the court where the said aftionsy plaints or fuits are to be

* tried, writs formerly fued forth by themy to remove the caufe there depending, into fome one or other of her Majefyt courts of record at Weftminfter; (3) which keeping back of the said writ, is done by the defendant, to no other purpose or intent, but to put the parties plaintiffs to as great charges and expenses as they the said defendants

earn

2

4 7

i6oi.] Anno quadragefimo tertio Elizabeths. c.6.

canr and to know what proofs tbo parties plaintiffs can make for the proving their iffue, whereby the defendants that fued forth the said writs, may have longer time to furni/b themfehes with feme falfe witnejfesi to impugn tbofe proofs which the plaintiffs have openly made by their yntneffes and proofs^ which is a great caufe of perjury and fubornation of perjury, and great expenses to the plaintiffs :

II.	For remedy whereof, be it enabled by the Queen’s mod excellent majesty, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the end of this prefent feflion of parliament, no writ or writs of habeas corpus, or any other writ or writs fued forth, or to be fued forth, by any person or persons whatfoever, out of any of her Majesty’s courts of record at WeftnAnfler, to remove any adion, fuit, plaint or caufe, depending or to be depending, in any court or courts within any city or town corporate, or elfewhere, which have or shall have jurifdidion, power or authority to hold plea in any action, plaint or fuit, (nail be received or allowed by the judge or judges, or officer or officers of the court or courts wherein or to whom any such writ or writs shall be delivered (but that he and they shall and may proceed in the laid caufe and caufe* ready to be tried, as though no such writ or wri{s were fued forth or delivered to him or them) except that the said writ or writs be delivered to the judge or judges, officer or officers of the said court, before that the jury wjuch is to try the caufe in queftion between the party or parties plaintiffs, and the party or parties that fued forth the said writ or writ6, or for whofo benefit the said writ or writs is or shall be fued forth, have appeared, and one of the said jury fwom Co try the said caufe.

III.	Provided always. That this ad shall continue no longer than until the end of tne next parliament, 3 Car. 1. c. 4. Continued until the end of the firjl feffon of the next parliament, and farther continued by 16 Car. 1. c. 4,

CAP. VI.

An aft to avoid trifling and frivolous fuits in law in her Majeftfs courts in Weftminfter.

FOR avoiding the infinite number of fmall and trifling fuits^

commeneed or trofecuted against sundry her Majeflfs good and reftingorAim-loving fubjefts in her Highnefs courts at Weftminfter, (which by moning wither due courfe of the laws of this realm ought to be determined in in- °ut warrant. ferior courts in the countryJ to the intolerable vexation and charge ^drintiff her Highnefs fubjefts \ (2) be it enaded by the authority of this where adion present parliament, If any sheriff, under-ineriff or Other perfon, is brought for having authority or taking upon him to break writs, aftera fam «*-forty days next after the end of this feflion of parliament, do make any warrant for the fummons of any perfon, as up- s * on any writ, procefs or fuit, or for the arrefting or attaching ot any person or persons by his or their body or goods to appear in any her Majesty’s courts at IVeflminfler^ o* elfewhere,

(not

48	Anno quadragefimo tcrtib ElizabstHm. C.7, [r6br.

Summoning (not having before that the original writor proCefs Vartanting or MTeftmg fame) That then upon complaint thereof made to the ju-wn ^out war- ^jccs 0f gjjjjj. 0f thc county where the fame offence {hall be committed, or to the judges of the court out of which the prbcefs Killed, not only the party that made such warrant, but all thole that were the procurers thereof, shall be feiit for before the fame judges or juftices, by attachments or otherwife, as the fame judges or justices shall think good and allow of, and be examined thereof upon their oaths : (3) and if the fame offence be con-fefled by the fame offenders, or proved by fufficient witneffes, to the fetisfeftio'n of the fame judges or juftices, That then the lame judges or justices that shall fo examine the fame, shall forthwith by force of this aft commit every the fame offenders to the gaol of the county or court where the fame shall be examined ; (4) there to remain without bail or mainprife, until . such time as they amongft them have fully fatisfied and paid unto the party grieved by such warrant, not only the fum or ten pounds of lawful Englijb money, .but also all such cofts and damages as the fame judges or justices shall fet down, that the fame party hath fuftained thereby, and withal, twenty pounds a-piece for their offence to her Majesty.

No cofts shall II. And be it further enacted by tne authority aforefeid, If ^ eiSnal ac-*1 uP°n any a<^on perfonal to be brought in any her Majesty** tion brought courts at Wejbninjier, not being for any title or intereft of for a fum not lan^ls, nor concerning the freehold or inheritance of any lands, amounting to nor for any battery, it lhall appear to the judges for the feme 4° *•	court, and fo lignified or fet down by the justices before whom

the fame shall be tried, that the debt or damages to be recovered therein in the fame court, shall not amount to the fum of % Mod. 141. forty shillings or above, That in every such cafe the judges and justices before whom any such aftion shall be purfued, shall not award for cofts to the party plaintiff any greater or more cofts ms ebatft ex- than the fum of the debt or damages fo recovered shall amount tgnd*t!°ltL unto, but lefs at their diferetions. (2) This aft to endure to tin h fib the en<* first feflion of the next parliament. 3 Car. 1. e. 4* 21W. j. €. 9. Continued until the end of the firjl feffion of the next parliament, and farther continued by 16 Car. 1. c. 4.

CAP. VII.

An att to avoid and prevent divers mtfdemeanors in lewd and idle perfons.

Punifhment T?ORASMUCH as unlawful cutting or taking away of c6m dnd for cutting of JP grain growing, robbing of orchards and gardens, digging up or corn growing, taking away fruit-trees, breaking of hedges, pales or other fences, other ftnall cutting or Jpoiling of woods or under-woods Jiandir.g end growing, offences j and ctnd Juc^ offences, are now more commonly committed by lewd and of a conftable mean persons than in former times; and that the said offences are re^ngto pu- great caufes of the maintaining of idlenejs, and the persons which com-

offender *be- **** fame' are not Jfor &£ mft Part nor ^,CV€ wherewith to fog com- " cnake reccmpence or fatisfaftion; (2) be it therefore enacted by the Bunded. authority of this present parliament. That all and every fuch

lewd

i.] .Afiro quadragcfimotertk)Elizabeth, c.fi 49

lewd person and persons, which from and after the last day of in2 February now next following shall cut, or unlawfully take away, ™sa!k 181. any com or grain growing, or rob any orchards or gardens, or rbis enforced break or cut any hedge, pales, rails or fence, or dig, pull up, by 15 Car. % or take up any fruit-tree or trees in any orchard, garden or c* & *• elfewhere, to me intent to take and carry the fame away, or lhall cut or fpoil any woods or under-woods, poles or trees (landing, not being felony by the laws of this realm ; (3) and their' procurer and procurers, receiver or receivers knowing the fame;

(4) being thereof lawfully convidled by the confeffion of the party, or by the teftimony of one fufficient witriefs upon oath before fome one juftice of peace, mayor, bailiff, or other head officers of the county, city or town corporate; (5) which said juftice or other head officer shall have power, by force of this * ftatute, to sninifter the said oath, where the offence shall be committed, or the party offending apprehended; (6) shall give the party and parties such recompence and fatisfadlion for his and their damages, and within such time, as by any one such juftice of peace of the said county where such offence shall be done, without the liberty of any city or town corporate, or by such head officer or juftice of peace within any city or town corporate, shall be ordered and appointed, and the fame to be only for the firit fault: (7) and if such offender or offenders shall be thought in the difcretion of the said juftice or juftices, or other head officers, not able or fufficient, or do not make recompence or fatisfa&ion for the said damages, in manner and form afore-faid ; then the said juftice or head officer shall commit all and every the said offender or offenders to fome conftable or con** ftables, or other inferior officers of the city, borough, town or hamlet, where the offence shall be committed, or the party apprehended, to be whipped ; (8) and for every such offence, for or of which the offender or offenders shall be eftfoons committed in form afore limited, the person and persons fo offending, to receive the (aid punifhment of whipping.	'	%

II.	And be it enadled by the authority aforesaid, That if any Tjie conftable or inferior officer do tefufe, or do not at the com- mentofacon* mandment of any juftice of peace, or other head officer, exe- (table refuting cute bv himfelf, or fome other to be by him appointed, upon

the offender, the punifhment limited by this ftatute; That in oftcn cr* that cafe it shall and may be lawful for the said juftice of peace to commit the said conftable or other inferior officer fo refufing, or not executing the said punifhment by himfelf, or fome other, to the compion gaol of the said county, city or town corporate, there to remain without bail or mainprife, until the said offender or offenders be by the said conftable or conftables fo refufing or not executing, or fome other by his or their procurement, punifhed and whipped, as is above limited and declared.

III.	Provided always. That no juftice of peace, or other head None Ml pii-officer, do execute this statute for any of the offences aforesaid ni(h an offence done unto himfelf, unlefs be be affociated and affifted with one or done unto more other justices of peace whom the offence doth not concern, htmfelt*

Vol. VII.	E	CAP.

48	Anno quadragcfimo terttoEtiZAfrETUjE. C.y. [r66r.

Summoning (not having before that the original wit or proeefs warftrttSng “th™?5118 *be ^amc) That then upon complaint thereof made to the ju-wi^^ou war-	tjle county where the fame offence {hall be com-

mitted, or to the judges of the court out of which the prbeefs ifliied, not only the party that made such warrant, but all thofe that were the procurers thereof, shall be fent for before the fame judges or juftices, by attachments or otherwife, as the fame judges or justices {hall think good and allow of, and be examined thereof upon their oaths : (3) and if the fame offence be cort-fefled by the fame offenders, or proved by fufficient witnefles, to the (atisfaftio'n of the fame judges or juftices. That then the fame judges or justices that shall fo examine the fame, shall forthwith by force of this aft commit every the fame offenders to the gaol of the county or court where the fame shall be examined ; (4) there to remain without bail or mainprife, until . such time as they amongft them have fully fatisfied and paid unto the party grieved by such warrant, not only the fum of ten pounds of lawful Englijb money, .but also all such cofts and damages as the fame judges or justices shall fet down, that the fame party hath fuftained thereby, and withal, twenty pounds a-piece for their offence to her Majesty.

No cofb shall jj# And be it further enacted by tne authority aforesaid, If inperfonaUc-11 uP°n an? a^onPerf°nal to be brought in any her Majesty** tion brought courts at Wejhninjler, not being for any title or intereft of for a fum not lands, nor concerning the freehold or inheritance of any lands, amounting to nor for any battery, it shall appear to the judges for the (ante +° *•	court, and fo fignified or fet down by the justices before whom

the fame shall be tried, that the debt ordamages to be recovered therein in the fame court, shall not amount to the fum of % Mod. 141. forty shillings or above, That in every such cafe the judges and justices before whom any such aftion shall be purfued, shall not award for cofts to the party plaintiff any greater or more cofts This dauft ex- than the fum of the debt or damages fo recovered (half amount tariff0 j- unto* but lefs at their diferetions. (2) This aft to endure to UnehyK & the end of the first feflion of the next parliament. 3 Car. 1. c. 4. xa j. t. 9. Continued until the end of the firjl fejfton of the next parliament, and farther continued by 16 Car. 1. r. 4.

CAP. VII.

An a£2 to avoid and prevent divers mifdemeanors in lewd and idle per fans.

Puniffiment T?ORASMUCH as unlawful cutting or taking away ofcSm and for cutting of JF grain growing, robbirig of orchards and gardens, digging up or corn growing, taking away fruit-trees, breaking of hedges, pahs or other fences, other finall tutting or Jpoiling of woods or under-woods Jlanding and growing, offences; and tmd fah Itke offences, are now more commonly committed bf Ihvd and of a conftable mean persons than in former times; and that the /aid offences are refijfingtopu- great caufes of the maintaining of tdienejs, and the persons which com-

offender *be- ***** Iame' are not for Part nor ^GVe wherewith fo ing com- " make recompence or fatisfaction; (2) be it therefore enacted by the xuanded. authority of this present parliament. That all and every fuch

lewd

i6oi.] , Aimo quadragcfimo tertk) Elizabeth. c.p 49

lewd person and persons, which from and after the last day of in£

Ftbruary now next following shall cut, or unlawfully take away, ™salk i8i. any corn or grain growing, or rob any orchards or gardens, or rbis enfirced break or cut any hedge, pales, rails or fence, or dig, pull up, by 15 Car. % or take up any fruit-tree or trees in any orchard, garden or c* *• f- *• elfewhere, to tne intent to take and carry the fame awav, or shall cut or fpoil any woods or under-woods, poles or trees (landing, not being felony by the laws of this realm ; (3) and their* procurer and procurers, receiver or receivers knowing the fame 5 (4) being thereof lawfully convicted by the confeffion of the party, or by the teftimony of one fufficient witrtefs upon oath before fome one juftice of peace, mayor, bailiff, or other head officers of the county, city or town corporate\ (5) which said juftice or other head officer shall have power, by force of this ftatute, to minifter the said oath, where the offence shall be committed, or the party offending apprehendedI; (6) shall give the party and parties such recompence and fatisfa&ion for his and their damages, and within such time, as by any one such juftice of peace of the said county where such offence lhall be done, without the liberty of any city or town corporate, or by such head officer or juftice of peace within any city or town corporate, shall be ordered and appointed, and the fame to be only for the first fault: (7) and if such offender or offenders shall be thought in the difcretion of the said juftice or juftices, or other head officers, not able or fufficient, or do not make recompence or fatisfa&ion for the said damages, in manner and form aforesaid \ then the said juftice or head officer shall commit all and every the said offender or offenders to fome conftable or con*

(tables, or other inferior officers of the city, borough, town or hamlet, where the offence shall be committed, or the party apprehended, to be whipped ; (8) and for every such offence, for or of which the offender or offenders shall be eftfoons committed in form afore limited, the person and persons fo offending, to receive the (aid punifhment of whipping.	%

II.	And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any The conftable or inferior officer do refute, or do not at the com- mentofacon* mandment of any juftice of peace, or other head officer, exe- (table refuting cute by himfelf, or fome other to be by him appointed, upon t0„Pu*j*>(h the offender, the punifhment limited by this statute ; That in offcn cr* that cafe it shall and may be lawful for the said juftice of peace

to commit the said conftable or other inferior officer fo refufing, or not executing the said puniftiment by himfelf, or fome other, to the common gaol of the said county, city or town corporate, there to remain without bail or mainprife, until the said offender or offenders be by the said conftable or conftables fo refufing or not executing, or fome other by his or their procurement, punhhed and whipped, as is above limited and declared.

III.	Provided always, That no juftice of peace, or other head None (hill ptr-officer, do execute this statute for any of the offences aforesaid ni<h an offence done unto himfelf, unlefs be be affociated and affifted with one or done unto more other justices of peace whom the offence doth not concern. himfeU.

Vol. VII.	E	CAP.

go Anno quadragefimo tertio ElizAbethjb. C.8,9. [160

their lawful debt*,

By fraudulent adminiftra-tion of intef-

his own wrong,

CAP. VIII. .

An aft against fraudulent adminiftration of inteftates good*. Fraud pra&if- TT^ORASMUCH as it is often put in ure, to the defrauding of of adraJniftra- ** creditors, that such persons as ate to have the adminiftration of mt SonauTde- ” gwds °f others dying inteftate committed unto them, if they require it, ceive others of will not accept the fame, but fuffer or procure the adminiftration to be 1	granted to feme ftranger of mean eftate, and not of kin to the inteftate,

from whom themfehes or others by their means do take deeds of gifts and authorities by letter of attorney, whereby they obtain the ft ate of the inteftate into their hands, and yet ftand not fubjeft to pay any debts awing by the fame inteftate, and fo the creditors for lack of knowledge of the place of habitation of the adminiftrator, cannot arreft hint nor fue him \ and if they fortune to find him out, yet for lack of ability in him to fatisfy of bis own goods, the value of that he hath conveyed a~ way of the inteftate's goods, or releafed of his debts by way of wafting* the creditors cannot have op recover their juft and due debts:

II. Be it enaded by the authority of this present parliament. That every person and persons that hereafter shall obtain, re-. ceive and have any goods or debts of any person dying inteftate, tlwparty <haH or * refeaf* or other difeharge of any debt or duty that belonged be charged as to the inteftate, upon any fraud, as is aforesaid, or without such executor of valuable confideration as ftiall amount to the value of the fame goods or debts, or near thereabouts, (except it be in or towards fetisfadion of fome juft and principal debt of the value of the fame goods or debts to him owing by the inteftate at the tim : of his deceafe) shall be charged and chargeable as executor of his own wrong ; (2) and fo far onfy as all such goods and debts coming to his hands, or whereof he is releafed or difeharged by such adminiftrator, will fatisfy, deduding neverthdefs to and for himfelf allowance of all juft, due and principal debts upon Allowance of good confideration, without fraud, owing to him by the in-jott debts, and teftate at the time of his deceafe, and of all other payments °thm«ntstUl ma(*e by him, which lawful executors or adminiftrators may *ftym ’ and ought to have and pay by the laws- and statutes of this realm*

C A P* IX.

An act for continuance of divers statutes,, and for repeal of fome others.

BE it enaded by authority of this present parliament. That an ad made in the one and twentieth year of the reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, intituled. An ail for the true making of cables, halfcrs and ropes:

II. And that an ad made in the four and twentieth year of the reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An aft againfl killing of young beafls called weanlings :

lit. And that two ads made in the fourth year of the reign tfc*Bd.6.c.*9. of the late King Edward the Sixth, the one concerning buying 4Ed.6.c.»i.an<*	of/other beafts and cattle ; the other intituled, An

^	'aft for the buying and felling of butter and checfe:

IV. And

Ship*,

*x H. S,

Cattle.

*4 H. 8. c. 9

Cattle.

i6oI.] Anno quadragefimo tettlb Elizabeth^. c.9.'	51

IV.	And that an aft made in the first year of the Queen’s Pife-majesty’s reign that rtow is, intituled. An act for prefervation of1 E1* c*17' fpawn and fry of fijh ;

V.	And that an aft made in the fifth year of the Queen’s ma- Merchants, jelly’s, reign that now is, intituled, An ail for avoiding divers fo- 5 El. c- 7* reign wares made by handicraftfmen beyond the feas;

VI.	And that an aft made in the fame fifth year of her Ma- Fifo jefty’s reign, intituled. An aft touching certain poBtick conftitutions 5 EHz.c* 5* made for the maintenance of the navy, together with all and’ every additions, explanations and alterations made thereunto or thereof, or of any part thereof, by any statute or statutes made fithence

the making of the fame aft, and now continuing in force :

VII.	And that an aft made in the eighth year of the Queen’s Games, majesty’s reign that now is, intituled. An ail for bowyers, and the 8 E1*c’t0i prices of bows:

Vlfi. And that an aft made in the thirteenth year of the Leafes. Queen’s majesty’s reign that now is, intituled. An ail touching *3 El. c- *0. leafes of benefices and other ecclefeajlical livings with cure, together Vnth all and every explanations, additions and alterations there- ,$ ei«. c. h. of, or thereunto made by any other statute or statutes made Judgments fithence the making of the said aft, and now continuing in force j vojy M bond* (2) with this further addition to be enacted by authority of this ^22©?* present parliament, That all judgments hereafter to be nad, for benefices with the intent to have or enjoy any leafe contrary to the said statutes, cure, or any of them, shall be deemed void, in such fort as bonds and covenants are appointed to be void which are made for that pur-pofe:

IX.	And that an aft made in the fame thirteenth year of her Purveyors, majesty’s reign, intituled. An ail that purveyors may take grain, 13 c*ll* corn and viiluals within fitoe miles of Cambridge and Oxford in certain

cafes:

X.	And that an aft made in the eighteenth year of the Queen’s Wap. majesty’s reign, intituled, An ail for the repairing and amending of *3 El. c. so* the bridges and highways near unto the city of Oxford;

XL And fo much of one other aft mdde the fame year, inti- Poor, tuled. An ail for the fetting the poor on work, and avoiding of idle- 18 £Iiz. c* 3* nefs, as concemeth baftards begotten out of lawful matrimony:

XII.	And that an aft made in the three and twentieth vear of Merchants,

her Majesty’s reign, intituled. An aH for the repairing of Dover *3 eUbTc.V* haven, with the provifions and alterations thereof made by an 3	,

aft made in the five and thirtieth year of the Queen’s majesty’s reign that now is :

XIII.	And that an aft made in the feven and twentieth year Franchift.

of her Majesty’s reign, intituled, An ait for the good government *7 ftnot of the city or borough of IVeflmitfter:	^>rmie *

XIV.	And that an aft made in thefaid feven and twentieth Corn, year of her Majesty’s reign, intituled, An ail for the reviving of% * 3 Ed*

a former statute for the true making of malt \ together also with Q'l^yXZt c I+# an aft made in the nine and thirtieth year of her Maiefty’s reign, £iiz‘ c. iT* intituled. An ait to refrain the excejftve making of malt:

XV.	And that an aft made in the said feven and twentieth Sewers.

E2	year	V c-*4*

52 Anno quadragefimo tertio Elizabeth.®. c.g.

year of her Majesty’s reign, intituled. An ad for kuping of ibejeabanks and fea?works in the county of Norfolk

aVI. And that an ad made in the one and thirtieth*ye?r pf her Majesty’s reign, intituled, An oft for the true gaging ofvejfeh brought from beyond the feas, converted by brewers for the utterance and file of ale and beer:	•

aVII. And that an ad made in the said one and thirtieth year of her Majesty's reign, intituled. An act for reviving and enlarging of a Jlatute made in the three and twentieth year of I. or Majeflys reign, for the relief of the city of Lincoln:

Pope.	XVIII. And that three ads made in the five and thirtieth

35 Eli*. *•u year of her Majesty’s reign, one intituled. An aft to retain the Queer! s majefy's fubjefts in their due obedience;

Drapery. XIX. Another ad, intituled. An act for the reformation offun* 35 Eliz. c. io. dry abufes in clothes called Devonjhire kerftes or dozens, according to a proclamation of the four and thirtieth year of the reign of our fove-reign lady the Queens majefy that now is;

Merchants. XX. And one other, intituled. An act for the bringing in of 35 Eliz. c. ix. clap-board from the parts of beyond the feas y and the refraining of the tranfporting of wine-cajk, for the fparing and preferving of timber within the realm:

XXI.	And that the several ads hereafter mentioned, made in the nine and thirtieth year of her Majesty’s reign that now is, (that is to fay) an ad intituled. An aft againf the decaying of towns, and houses of hujbandry;

XXII.	An ad, intituled. An act for the maintenance of bujband-ry and tillage; an ad, intituled. An act for the more fpeedy payment of the Queen's majefys debts, and for the better explanation of tin, aft made in the thirteenth year of the Queen's majefy's reign, intitu* ledy An aft to make the lands, tenements, goods and chattels of tellers% receivers, fsfr. liable to the payment of their debts ;

XXIII.	An ad, intituled. An act for the intreafe of mariners, 39 Eliz. c. ip. and for maintenance of the navigation, a repealing a former ad *3* Eliz. c. 7. jnade ;n the three and twentieth year of her Majesty’s reign,

bearing the fame title;

Apprentice. XXlV. And an ad, intituled. An act for explanation of the 3$ Eliz. c. 11 • flatute made in the fifth year of her Majefy's reign, concerning labourers ;

Merchants. XXV. An ad, intituled. An aft prohibiting the bringing into 39 Eh* c# f4* this realm of foreign cards for wool y

Poor.	XXVI.	An	ad,	intituled. An aft againf lewd and wandering per*

39 Eliz. c. 17. fens pretending themfehes to be foldiers or marinersy (2) An ad, inti*

Poor *	tu Wt	aftforpunijhmmt of rogues, vagabonds and fiurfy beggarsy

39 Eli? c 4. XXVII. Except the provifo in the said last mentioned ad>

The before concern	Dutton of Dutton in the county of defer, Efqj

rehear led 25 (?) shall be continued and remain in force until the end of the

nred^ntiUhe ^*e^lon °f the next parliament: (3) and touching the faid

ft!ft feflion of provifo concerning the said John Dutton, be it enaded by the

the next par- authority of this present parliament. That the fame provifion

liamei*. shall continue and remain in force to the end of one year next

cn^n6 first day of this present parliament, and no longer; 01 uurowu	except

Meafures.

31 Eliz. c. 8

Franchife. 31 El. not printed*

P01

Ifufbandry. 39 Eliz. c. 2.

Husbandry. 39’Eliz. c. a. Accountant. 39 Eliz. c. 7. #3 EtuT. c. 4.

Fi(h.

16oi.] Anno quadragefimo tertio Elizabeth-®, c.g.	53

extept fcfefore the end of the said year, the faidjohn Dutton, or Games, his heirs, shall procure the lord chief juftice or :he pleas before 1 Jac**• c* 79 the Queeh’s highnefs to be holden, and the lord chief iuftice of the common pleas, and the lord chief baron of her Majesty’s court df exchequer, or two of them, upon hearing his allegations and proofs, to make certificate into her Majesty’s court of chancery. That the said John Dutton, or his heirs, ought lawfully (if no statute againlr rogues or beggars had been made) by Charter, tenure or prefcription, to ufe, have and exercife fuca liberty of licencing of minftrels as he claimeth and ufeth, and that the said certificate be inrolled in her' Majesty’s said court of chancery within the said year : (4) and if he or his heirs shall procure such certificate as aforesaid, and caufe the fame to be in*? rolled, as is aforesaid ; Then be it enacted also by the authori^

%y of this present parliament, That the fame provifion shall also continue in force until the end of the first feffion of the next parliament.

XXVIII.	And be it furtherenadted, That an adt made in the

nine and thirtieth year of the Queen’s majesty’s reign, intituled, 39 EUz. c. 3. An aft fir the relief of the poory shall also continue and remain in force until the end of the first feffion of the next parliament; except fome new adt shall be made in this prefent feffion of par- Poor, liament concerning the fame.	+3 Eli*, c.

XXIX.	And that two.adts made, the one in the five and Poor, thirtieth year of the Queen’s majesty’s reign, intituled, An aft 35 Eliz.c* 4* for the necejfary relief of foldiers and mariners^ and the other made

in the nine and thirtieth year of her Majesty’s said reign, fof the

(further explanation and continuance of the fame former adt, (2)

lhall also continue and remain in force until the end of the nr(t poor. * C’M#

(feffion of the next parliament j except fome new adt shall be 43 Elia. c. 3.

made concerning the fame in this prefent feffion of parliament.

XXX.	And be it also further enacted by authority of this Poor, present parliament. That one adt made in the nine ana thirtieth 39 Eliz. c. 6,

/year of the Queen’s majesty’s reign that now is, intituled. An aft to reform deceits and breaches of trufts, touching lands given to charitable ufesy be from henceforth utterly repealed.

XXXI.	And yet neverthelefs, be it enacted by the authority Decrees made of this present parliament. That fo much of the laid adt as con- commiffio-cemeth the execution of orders, judgments and decrees hereto- **Statute fore made by commiffioners affigned by virtpe of the said adt, of39Eliz.c.f. and examination, hearing and determining of the said orders, shall continue, judgments and decrees by'fuch commiffioners heretofore made,

lhall ftand and remain in force only as for and concerning such judgments fend decrees, as heretofore have been made by virtue of the fame adt, and of qomn\iffions thereupon awarded,

XXXII.	provided always, and be it enacted by authority of Husbandry,

this present parliament, That the said adt for maintenance of The ftamteof liu(bandry and tillage, shall not extend to any lands lying with- 39 Eliz. c. *. in the county of Northumberland.	l	e*I

XXXIII.	Andjprovided also, and be it enacted by the au- \n Northunv* tjiority aforesaid^ That fo much of the.adl above-mentioned, in- bertad.

E 3	tituled,

54 Anno qyadrageftmo tertioElizabeth.*. C.itx [»6cw,

39 Eliz c. 10. titukd, An ati for the in^reofe cf mariners end mainteuetu* of the navigation, repealing a former aft made in the three and twenn tieth year of her Majesty’s reign, bearing ,the fame title, aa concerned} the repealing and making void of all ordinances of the Fiflj,	fifhmongers	ot London, or of any other company or corporation,

whatsoever, made or to be made for reftraint of any perfoti ta take or fell fifh, or to buy or provide any fifh of any merchant or other within this realm, or the making or executing of aav such ordinance or reftraint, shall from henceforth rtmam-dU-, continued and repealed ; the former continuance of the said adfc in this prefent a (ft mentioned notwithstanding.

XXxIV. And yet neverthelefs, be it enafted, That no fucl\ ordinance or reftraint made or to be made shall in any wife ex-, tend, or be put in execution, during the continuance of the bid former aft made in the thirty-ninth year of herMajefty’s reign^ $9 Eli*- c- to reftrain any coaftmen, fimermen, or any others, fubjefts or foreigners, for or concerning the taking, bringing in, putting tQ tale, or.buying of any felted fifh or herrings, being wholdfom and fweet, upon and under the pains and penalties in the said former aft ot the nine and thirtieth year of her Majesty’s reign contained.

Merchants. XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authori-*3 Eliz. c: 6. ty of this present parliament. That no (hip, veflel or crayer, Dmrbara! whereof any °f her Majesty’s fubjefts shall be owners or part-*	*	owners,	of	the burden of twenty tuns loading and upwards*

loading or difcharging within tnis realm, and palling to aj\4 from any foreign countries, (other than (hips, veffels and cray* ers, whfch shall be laden with feacoal or grindftones) shall after the end of this feflion of parliament, in refpeft of any such voyage, pay to the reparation of Dover haven, but only after the rate of three pence the tun, for the merchandize wherewith fucb (hip, veflel pr crayer shall be in such voyage laden, and not after the rate of three pence the tun of the burthen of every such (hip, veflel or crayer : (2) apd that every (hip, veflel or crayer which shall be imployed in a voyage of fifhing, shall not upon return of such voyage, pay but after the rate of three pence the tun for such oil, train and merchandize, as such (hip shall bring home in such voyage, and not any thing for fifh, or in refpeft of the burthen or the fame (hip, veflel or crayer j the said statute made for the repairing of Dover haven, or any other ftajyte touching the fame, or any thing in this aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. X.

, An act for the true making and working of woolen clothes. No Receivable r 1 s H E jQueen’s mojl excellent majejly, with the advice of her tuTfn^lTn . Higbnefs lords Jpiritual and temporal> and the commons, in clothes, nor this present parliament ajjembled, weighing and confidering the good any device to and godly purposes of divers and sundry Jlatules heretofore made and fcretch them ordained for. the true making ana working of woolen cloth, to befru-brcSfjf1 and	an*	4*Med	by	Jlra\ningy	JlreUbing, want of weighty flocks,

i6ot«] Anao qusdragcfimo tertio Elizabeth,®. cio. 55

fottace, chalk, flour, deceitful things, fubtil fleights and untruths, fo how they shall

if'/Jp /am/ WltfA/j A/m^put in water, *r//wrn/ //A/ rawy, bc&5 eJ ^c*

purfey, fquaUy, cockling, bandy, light,	notably faulty, to the \ $

groat diJUke of foreign princes, and tp the hindrance and lofs of /A/4 jalc. 1, c. 2*

A»y/r wearer: (2) for redrels thereof, is pleafed and willeth

it to be eoa&ed, and by the authority of this present parliament

it is enaded, That from and after the feaft of the purification of

the blefled Virgin Mary next enfuing, no person or persons shall

put any hair, nocks, thrums or yarn made of lambs wool, or

other receivable thing or things, uito or upon any broad woolen

cloth, half-cloth, kerfie, frize, dozen, peniftone or cotton,

Taunton cloth, Bridgwater, Dunflpr cotton; (3) (which Dun*

Jler cotton hereafter shall be by this prefent ad intended and taken to be of like weight, length and breadth as Taunton and Bridgwater cloth, or other cloth of what nature, kind or name foever, made or to be made to be fold, or offered to be fold;

(4) upon pain to forfeit every such cloth, half-cloth, kerfie,

frize, dozen, peniftone and cotton, and other woolen cloth, of

what nature, kind or name foever, whereinto or whereupon any

fuch hair, flocks, thrums, yarn of lambs wool, or other de«

ceivable thing or things wbatfoever shall be fo put; any law,

ftatute, difpenfation, allegation or toleration to the contrary

thereof in any wife notwithstanding: (5J and upon pain that The penalty

every person and persons which shall buy, gather or procure for buying or

any nair, flocks, thrums, yarn of lambs wool or other deceivable

thing or things whatfoever, for that intent and purpose, to for- thing^.

feit the fame hair, flocks, thrums, yam of lambs wool and

other deceivable thing or things whatfoever,

II. And that no person or persons within her Majesty’s realm Nodevkefhan of England or the dominions of the fame, shall from and after be made to the feaft of Rafter now next enfuing have, ufe or occupy within ftrctch cl°tl? any place of her Majesty’s said realm or dominions, any tenter,	**

instrument, engine, or other device of what fort or kina foever, length, with any lower bar, pin, ring or other engine or device of what 5 & 6 Ed. 6. fort or kipd foever, whereby or wherewith any rough and un- c* *• wrought woolen broad-doth, half-cloth, kerfie, cotton, dozen, 39 EUz* c< a0* peniftone, frize, rugg,or any other rough and un wrought woolen cloth, of what nature, kind or name foever they be or shall be of, made or to be made to be fo fold, shall or may be ftretchcd % or drained in breadth; (2) or shall have, keep or ufe any manner of wrinch, ring-head, growm, rope or other engine to ftretch or drain any rough and qnwrought woolen cloth, haircloth, kerfie, cotton, dozen, peniftone, frize, rugg, or any other rough and unwrought woolen cloth, of what nature, kind or name loever they be or shall be of in length, made or to be made to be fo fold; (3) upon pain that every offender that shall have, keep, ufe or exercife any such tenter, inftrument, engine or device, with a lower bar, pin, ring, engine or device, wrinch, ring-head, growm or rope, of w{iat fort or kind foever, shall forfeit for every such offence twenty pounds \ the one half thereof to our fovereign lady the Queen’s majesty, and the other half

E 4	to

No wrought Woolen cloth fliall be ftretched.

tentered or ftretched

56	•	Annd'quacfragqfimo	tertio	ELIZABETHS.*	C.tbi'	[16or*;

to him that will fue for the fame, by bill, plaifitt>Y ittftfrttiltion,

. in any of her Highnefs courts of record, wherein no tfiolhypnc>-tettion or wager of law shall be allowed. *

III.	And that no person or persons within her MajestyYrealm of England or the dominions of the fame, from and after the said feaft of Rafter now next enfuing, shall fet or caufe to be fet dire^ly or indirectly, any wrought woolen broad-cloth,' Waif-cloth, kerfie, cotton, dozen, peniftone, frize, rugg, or any other wrought woolen doth, of what nature, kind or name fo-ever they be or shall be of, made for fale or offered to be fold, in or upon any tenter, inftrument, engine or device, with a lower bar, pin, ring, engine or device, wrinch, ring-head, jgrowm or rope of what fort or kind foever, to ftretch or (train the fame wrought woolen cloth, half-cloth, kerfie, cotton, do-fcpn, peniftone, frize, rugg, or any other wrought woolen cloth, of what nature, kind or name foever they be or fliall be of 5 (2) otherwise than the whole wrought wooten broad-cloth oneyaad in length and one half-quarter in breadth: (3) and the 'naif-cloth one half-yard in length, and one half-quarter in breadth: (4) and the kerfie, cotton, dozen, peniftone, frize and rugg, one half-yard in length, and one nail in breadth : (5) or shall None shall feM utter or (ell any wrought woolen cloth, half-doth, kerfie, cot-woolen cloth ton, dozen, peniftone, frize, rugg or any other wrought woolen cloth of what nature, kind or name foever they be or shall be of, tentefed, drained or ftretched orherwife than as afordaid, m or upon any tenter, inftrument, engine or device, with a lower *bar, pin, ring, engine or device, wrinch, ring-head, growm or rope, of what fort or kind foever; (6) upon pain to forfeit every such wrought woolen cloth, half-cloth, kerfie, cotton, dozen, penifione, frize, rugg and every other wrought woolen doth, of what nature, kind or name foever they be or shall be of.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority afonefaid, That no woolen broad cloth, half-cloth, kerfie, cotton, dozen, pe-niftpne, frize, rugg, nor any other woolen cloth, of what na-f»hitedbyaPr ture> kind or name foever they be or shall be of, shall from and farmer (la-	after the said feaft of Eafter now next enfuing, (being well fcour-

tutes.	ed, thicked, milled, and fully dried and rn^de to be fold, or

which shall be offered to be fold) exceed the several length or lengths which heretofore Is limited and appointed refpfc&ively for every such broad woolen cloth, half-cloth, kerfie-, cotton, dozen, peniftone, frize, rugg and other woolen cloth, of what nature, kind or name foever they be of, and ought at this time to be of, by the several statutes therefore limited and appointed ; [2) upon pain of forfeiture of every such broad woolen cloth, half-' doth, kerfie, cotton, dozen, peniftone, frize, rugg and every other woolen cloth, of what nature, kind or name (never.

The weight of V. And that every woolen broad cloth, half-cloth, kerfie, woolen cotton, dozen, peniftone, frize, rugg and every other woolen cloth, of what nature, kind or name foever they be or shall be former ifca^	°f» (half from* thenceforth (being well fcoured, thicRed, milled

tuies.	and fully dried) weigh refpcdlively the true weight ?vhich is here-

tofore

Woolen clothes shall not exceed

57

i6oi.] ’ Anno quadrageftmo tertio EuzABET&ffi. c. io.

toforfc Jimkfcd and appointed for every such broad woolen cloth* half-cloth, kerfie, cotton, dozen, peniftone, frize, rugg and every other woolen cloth, of wh^t nature kind or name foever they be or shall'be of, to weigh, and ought at this prefent time to ’weigh, by the several statutes therefore limited and appoint- The weight of ed; (42)- faving that Taunton clothes, Bridgwaterj, and such Taunton and clothes as ihall be made in Taunton, Bridgwater and other places Bridgewater of like fort and making, and limited to weigh four and thirty c 0 * pounds at the leaft, (3) shall and may from henceforth (being Well (enured, thxcked, milled, wrought and fully dried) weigh only thirty pounds at the leaft 5 any former statute or ftatutcfc to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding; (4) and faving that Suffolk, Norfolk, Effex, and northern cloth, limited by The weight of the several statutes of the fifth year of King Edward the Sixth, Norfolk, See. and the fourth and fifth years of King Philip and Queen Mary C & c< 6> or oneof them, to weigh the several weights therein mention- 4&5ph.&M.# ed ; shall and may be abated for the workmanfhip of the whole c. 5. doth, four pounds, and for the half-cloth, two pounds in the ^weight thereof, as the fame Norfolk, Suffolk and'Effepc clothes are ^Howed by her Highnefs toleration by proclamation.

VI.	And if it shall happen that any of the said broad woolen Thc forfejt clothes, half-clothes, kerfies, cottons, dozens, peniftones, frizes, for 0f ruggs, or any other woolen cfeth, of what nature, kind or weight, name foever they be or shall be of, made or to be made to be

fold or offered to be fold, shall lack (being well fcoured, thitk-ed, milted, wrought and fully dried) of the weight therefore refpe&ively limited, and which ought to be of that weight by this prefent a<ft, above three pounds in any whole broad woolen cloth; (2) or above one pound and the half of one pound in one halt broad-cloth, Taunton cloth, Bridgwater or other cloth of like fort; (3) or above one pound in one kerfie, cotton, dozen, peniftone, frize, rugg, (4) or any other woolen cloth re-fpe&ively of what nature, kind or name foever they be or shall be of; {5) then the offender shall forfeit for one pound wanting more than is aforesaid, ten (hillings; and for two pounds, twenty shillings j and for three pounds, forty (hillings, and fo double the forfeiture for every pound fo wanting, unlefs the party offending by such wanting will yield the fame cloth, halfcloth, kerfie, cotton, dozen, peniftone, frize and rugg fo wanting, forfeited; which if he will yield, then the fame fo waot-ing shall be forfeited; any former law, ftatute, or other matter or thing whatfoever to the contrary thereof in any wife nou withftanding.

VII.	And that one statute made in the nine and thirtieth year statute of her Highnefs reign, intituled. An aft against the deceitfulfiretch- provided

ing and tenter mg of northern cloth, as to, for, touching and con- 39 Eliz. c.xp. cerning views, feals, fearches, appointment of ovesfeers, penal-ties, and authority given to justices of afflzo, justices of'peace, tend to clotfi* head officers of cities, boroughs and towns corporate, and other made in other person and persons, of and for northern clothes in the county counties, of York, Lancajlery and other the counties oh the north of Trento

(hill

£$ AnnoquadragcGmo tcrtb Elizabeths, c.io; [i6ot#

(hall from the said feaft of Eqfter next enfuias, rdpeflivdy extend unto all and fiogular woolen broad domes, half-dotbes* jkerfies, cottons, dozens, peniftones, frizes, ruggs, and all other woolen cloth, of what nature, kind or name foever they be or shall be of, made or to be made within her Hignnefs realm of England* to be viewed, fealed, fearched, overfeen, fubjeded tQ penalties, and authority given to justices of affize, justices of peace, and other person andperfons, in such and the like man* ncr and form, and to such and the like purposes and intents refpedively, as is limited and appointed for such said northern clothes.

Cloth fealed VIII, And that every broad woolen doth, half-cloth, kerfie, fy thftj°nCr"t |B^ dozen, peniftone, frize, rugg, and every other woolen be fearched or	what	nature, kind, or name foever they be or shall be

jried again. rfs foaled by the overfeers authorized by this prdent ad, ft all ^ not be brought to be viewed, fearched and feen, nor shall be fearched, tried or watered by any other fearcher and overfeer of any other city, borough, town, village, parifh or hamlet, by virtue of his or their office or offices ; any ftatute, matter or thing to the contrary thereof in anywife notwithstanding.

A repeal of IX. And be it further enacted, That the several branches of fcvera^ ads of parliament, the first intituled, An act for the mentioned* true ***&**& of woolen cloth, in fifth year of the reign of King 5 & 6 Ed. 6. Edward the Sixth; (2) and the ad, intituled, An aft touching c. 6.	the making of woolen clothes, in the fourth and fifth years of the

4& 5PK&M. reign 0f King Philip and Queeji Mary; (3) and in the ad »75Eli*. c. 17. wade in the feven and twentieth year of the reign of our laid fovereign lady the Queen’s majesty that now is, intituled, An aft touching the breadth of white woolen clothes, made in the counties of Somerfet, Wilts* Gloucefer and Oxon; (4) and in the ad made in the five and thirtieth year pf the reign of our said fovereign iady the Queen’s majesty that now is, intituled, An aft touching the breadth of plunkets, azures and blues, and other coloured clothes Elis. c. 9. made in the county of Somerfet, or elfewbere of like making* (5) The length of for and concerning the exceeding of length of clothes mention* clothes. €<j m the fajd statute of the fifth year of King Edward tbe£ixth, shall from henceforth be utterly repealed, as concerning only the (aid over-lengths ; (6) and that one other branch made in the said fourth and fifth year of the reign of King Philip and Certificate of Queen Mary, touching and concerning certificates of faulty faulty doth, plothes, shall from the said feaft of Eqjier next eniuing be like-wife repealed, for {dothes to be fold after the said feaft of Eajter next enfuing.

go merchant X. And be it enaded. That no merchant or buyer which vantage of a ^all ^ran^Port or caufeto be tranfpotted beyond the feas, any flothitr for broad woolen cloth, half cloth, kerfie, cotton, dozep, peni-?ny defed in ftone, frize, rugg, or any other woolen cloth, of what nature, cjoth.	kind or name foever they be or lhall be of, by reafon of any

clothiers or fellers of any broad woolen cloth, half-cloth, kerfie, potton, dozen, peniftone, frize, rugg or any other woolen cloth, of what nature, kind or name foever they be or shall be of, fo

trank

59

i6oif] Ajwp qvu4ngQfimotertio Elizabeth-*. c.io.

tranfported, his hand to such merchant or buyer’s book, bill or ticket, for or touching any defeats, ihall take any benefit or ad-vantage.

XI.	' And be it farther enacted. That all and every article, All a&s cor»-daufcand fentonce m any adt of parliament heretofore made, trary,^t>” touohing or concerning mt said abufes in this adt mentioned, r*Pealed* and being repugnant and cootrariant to any article or fentonce in’

this ait, shall horn the said feaft of Eafttr now next enfuing be utterly void and of none effedt.

XII.	And be it farther enacted, That fach as shall offend 39 EE*, c. so. after the said feaft of Eafttr a gain ft the said adt in the nine and thirtieth year of her Highneft reign, obferving and performing

this prcfent adt, shall not incur any penalty mentioned in the said adt of the laid nine and thirtieth year: (2) the moiety of all which forfeitures (not otherwise by this prefent adt apppoint- The forced) shall be to the fearchers and oveneers that shall and will find ture, to whoft the feme, and in his and their default, to him that shall find uft emP'°yed« the fame, and the other half to the poor of the parifh where the. offence shall be committed.

XIII.	Provided always. That this adt, nor any thing there- The aulne- _ in contained, shall not extend to take away or abridge from ger’* authori-any lawful aulneger, any power or right already given untotjr-

him by her Majesty’s letters patents, for the viewing, fearching or feizing of any clothes put to fale contrary to the laws heretofore made in that behalf. (2) This adt to continue till the end Of the' next feffion of the next parliament, and no longer.

XIV.	Provided also neverthelefs. That if any unwrought Unwrought cloth, half-cloth, kerfie, cotton, dozen, pepiftone, frize, rugg, ^?th tenter-or any other unwrought woolen cloth, of what nature, kind or

name foever they be or shall be of, tranfported after the said turned, feaft of EaJUr next, beyond the feas, shall be found tp have been formerly tentered, drained and ftretched by the means or confent of the maker or feller thereof, contrary to the true intent of this prefent adt; That then such merchant or buyer shall or may, at his own Cofts and charges, return the fame into this realm; and after such return deliver or caufe the fame to be delivered unto the maker or feller thereof, with the feals thereunto limited by this prefent adt to be fixed, and thereupon ihall or may recover the value thereof fo returned, by adfion of debty bill, plaint or information, in any, of her Highnefs courts pf record, against the maker or feller thereof, by whofe means or confent the fame was Co tentered, (trained or ftretched.

3	Car. 1. c.4 Continued unto the end of the first feffion of the next parliament, and farther continued by 16 Car. 1.	4.

CAP,

6o Anno cjuaSdragcfimo temo Elizabeths, c,ir. [i6ou

CAP. XL

An all for the recovering of many hundred thou fond acres of marjhesy and other groundsfubje£l commonly to furrounding, within the ijle of Ely and the counties of Cambridge, Huntington* Northampton, Lincoln, Norfolk, Suffolk,

: Suflex, Eflex, Kent, and the county palatine of Durham.

4	TTTHER E A S it is apparent to such as “have travelled in the be *	, execution of commijfions of fnuers in the ifle and counties a-

made between firefaidy that the wafieSy commons, marjhes and jenny grounds there lonls and fubjeft to furrounding, may be recovered by jkilful and able tender-commoners of taker sy whereby great and ineftimable benefit would arise to her Ma-S^veral C# ^ ^rs an* fucceJfor^ difburdening her Highnefs of many counties, and chargeable banks and works of fewers within thofe furrounded grounds, £he persons as the increafe of many able fubjefts, by habitations being there undertaking erefted, and in like fort profitable unto many her Highnefs Jiibjefts, pewtuily™ ^*es P°^tlch as corporate, who have eflate of inheritance, and Sry^&c. ^ 9*her interefl within the fame: (2) and for that the draining and making dry and profitable of thofe furrounded grounds is chiefly hind-red, for that the greater part of them are wafles and commons fubt jefi yearly to fur roundings wherein divers have common by preferip-tiony by reafon of their refiancy and inhabitancy, which kind of com-monsy nor their interefl therein? can by the common law be exttnguijh-edy or granted to bind others which should inhabit there afterwards;

,	. (3) end in that also it appear ethy that the commoners in refpeft of

their poverty are unable to pay the great charges to such as should undertake the recovery of the fame:

A bargain be- IL It may pleafe your Majesty, That by your Highnefs, and tween the * the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this lords and present parliament aflembled, and the authority of the fame. It c^monersin may foe enabled, That the lord or lords, as well bodies politick the under- or corporate, any other person or persons whatfoever, of all takers. and every the waftes and commons aforesaid, and the moft of the commoners for the particular common's, and likewise the owners, and such as have or shall have intereft in any several furrounded grounds lying within or near the feme, may contra# or bargain for part of foch commons, waftes and feverals aforesaid, with such person and persons which will undertake the draining and keeping dry perpetually the feverals, waftes and commons of that quality: fa) which contra# an<) bargain, and conveyances thereupon maae, shall be good and available in law to all conftru#ions and purposes, against the said lords of the said foil, and owners of feveral, and their heirs, fucceflors and afligns, and all the commoners, and such as shall or might have common or intereft there afterwards, according to the contracts, covenants, provifions and agreements in thofe, conveyances to be fpecified, and for fo much of such commons, waftes, or feverals, as shall be fo contracted or conveyed, to hold and ♦enjoy in feveralty to such person and persons, his or their aflignee or aflignees, as shall or have undertaken the fapne, in such manner and form as his or their eftates and intereft are or shall be,

fcy

61

1601.3	Anxto qua^ragefimo tertlo Elizabeths. c.ii#

by or upon such contrails or agreements, by such conveyances limited and appointed*. ,

lit. Provided natwitbftanding, and be it enaCted by the Where the authority afprefaid, That in all cafes where your Highnefs, Queen is own-your heirs and fucceflors, is or shall be lord or owner of the ^ ^e wafte freehold of the foil of such wades or commons, or any part of °r common, the .fames, That the moft part of the commoners in filch your or of part Highnefs, foil shall or may contrail, bargain, ailign, and fet thereof, forth, as is afonefaid, part of their common therein, to any perion or persons which will undertake the draining of that whole common, (according as the lords and the mod'part of the commoners in the furrounded wades and commons afore* said of bodies politick or corporate may do as is before declared ;) (a) which shall bind, and be good and available againd all the said commoners, their heirs, executors or afligns, and all others that shall hereafter by reafon of any their refiancy* claim any common of padure in the said wanes or common grounds whereof the foil doth or shall pertain to yourMajedy, of and for all their intered or claim of common therein, to hold according to the true intent and effect of such contract, bargain, aflignment and conveyances, by writing indented, fealed and delivered by the mod part of'fuch commoners, as lhall be made between the mod part of such commoners and such undertakers; (3) but shall not in any fort be of any effeCt or validity againd your Highnefs, your heirs, fuccefiors or afligns, ior their edate or eftates, in or to the foil thereof, except such conveyances be by writing indented in parchment, and one part thereof under the hands and feals of mod part of the commoners fo contracting the fame, certified into .your Highnefs high court of chancery, if the wades or foils shall be of the pofleflions of your Highnefs crown of England: (4) and except your Majedy’s royal confent be obtained thereunto, The Queen's and fignified by and under your Highnefs privy feal or great apnt under feal, and inrolled in your Highnefs said court of chancery, ^a^7e3°r and after such aflent fo had, fignified and inrolled, then, the fnd inrolied fame contracts and covenants shall be good and available tp all in chancery, and every such undertakers, their heirs and afligns, againd your Highnefs, your heirs and fuccefiors, according to the provifions, agreements and covenants fo aflented unto by your Highnefs,-your heirs and fuccefiors: (5) and where they are Queen of the poffeflion of the duchy of LantaJUr, then the said con- bring traCt, bargain^ aflignment, of or from your Highnefs, (hah duchy’land, not be of any effeCt or validity againd your Highnefs, your heirs, fuccefiors and afligns, except such contract and bargain touching the premifles, and fucH aflignment and fetting forth of* such part to the said undertakers to hold in feveralty, be by writing indented in parchment, fealed and delivered by the said commoners or the mod part of them, and the said undertakers, and one part thereof certified under the hands and feals of mod part of the commoners, into your Highnefs court of the duchy of Lancajler for the time bring, and your Majedy’s royal confent, under the feal of the said duchy obtained thereunto.

Si	Antto quidragdimo teftio Etiz abet# Jfi. C.ii. £ 1661 -

v unto, add there mroHed in that court:"(61 which cohfent royal being obtained for the foil of fuchwafte, being of the pdfleffibns of the crown, and under the feal of the (hid duchy, of your Hi&hnefs foil of filch waftes as are of thofe pofleffions,-the said undertakers, and their heirs and afligns4, shall and may enjoy in feVeralty the foil of fo much Waite and coirimon as wua fo contracted for, afligned and fet forth by tlje moft part of your Highnefs commoners, in such fort ana quality as the said undertakers shall hold and enjoy the intereft of common, to all Intents and purposes.

This statute IV. Provided always, and be it enafted, That this act, nor shall extend any thing therein contained, shall not extend to the impairing', buttofo much diminilhmg, letting, taking away or extinguifhing of the in-fl^nbecon-	of the commoners of any of them, or of the lords of

tra&ed for. owners of the foil, of, in or to any part of the refidue of the waftes or commons, which is not or shall not be fo fet forth or afligned to the undertakers: (2) nor to any franchifes, or liberties, or waif, (tray, leet, kwday, nor other liberties to be ufed or taken in the part fo to the said undertakers afligned j This aflign- (3) but that as well the commoners, and lords and owners ot tnent lhall that foil, shall and may enjoy their commons in the refidue hinder no thereof, and the Queen's majesty, her heirs and fucceflbrs, and man s UDerty. t^e jor(js an<j ^^g shall and may have and enjoy such liberties and franchifes in such their part as heretofore was lawfully *	Ufed, and as. they or any of them (hould or might have done,

if this aft or such contraft, bargain and aflignment had never beenany thing in this statute contained to the contrary not-Withftanding.	>

Not prejudi- V. Provided always, and be it enafted, That this act, nof rial to the any thing therein contained, shall not extend either to any ports or ha- bargain, fale, agreement, grant, conveyance or aflurance, of vcn3*	to the inning, draining or laying dry ot any commons, mar*

Ihes of forrounded grounds, whereby or by means whereof any of the havens or ports of this realm of England may be in any fort annoyed, impaired or hindred; nor to any grounds within eight miles of Yarmouth, or fix miles of Lynn within the county 1 Saund. 346. « Norfolk. 4 Jac. r. c. 8.

CAP. XII.

An aft concerning matters of affurances ufed among merchants.

The benefits 'VT7HEREAS it ever hath been the policy of this realm by all enfuing by the V V good means to comfort and encourage the merchant^ ‘ thereby meiuof^mer- ** advance and increaft the general wealth of the realm, her Majefefs chants. cufeomsy and the ftrength of flapping; which confederation is now the 3 Inft, 165. more requlfetc^ becaafe trade and traffick is not at this prefent fo opeti Stiles 266. as af otfo tim€S ^ kaffr ^een: (2) and whereas it hath been time out of mind an ufdge amongfl merchants, both of this realm and of foreign nations, when they make any great adventure, (ejpecially into remote parts) to give fome confederation of money to other persons (which commonly are in no fenail member) to have from them ajfu-ranee made of their goods, merchandizes, fhips and things adventured9 6	or

i6oi.} AnnO quadragefimo tertio Elizabeths.. c.itJ	6%

orjjme part thereof, at such rates and in fiuh fort as the parties ajjurers and the parties ajjurtd can agree, which courfe of dealing is commonly termed a policy of ajfurance \ (2) by means of which po^ a policy of licies of ajfurance it someth to pafs, upon the lofs or penjbing of any affurance, flip, there folbweth not the undoing of any man, but the lofs lighteth *nd **** ***** rather eafuy upon many than heavily upon few, and rather upon them thereby?* that adventure not than thofe that do adventure, whereby all mer* chants, efpecially of the younger fort, are allured to venture more willingly and more freely: (4) and whereas heretofore such ajjurers have ufed to jland Jo jujlly and precifely upon their credits, as few at no controverjies have arifen thereupon, and if any have grown, the fame have from time to time been ended and ordered by certain grave and dtjcreet merchants appointed by the lord mayor of the city of London* as men by reafon of their experience fittejl to under Jland, andfpeedily to decide thofe caufes, until of late years that divers per font havewithdrawn themfelves from that arbitrary courfe, andhavefought to draw the parties ajfured to feek their monies of every several ajfurer, by flits commenced in her Majejly s courts, to their great charges and delays: (5) for remedy whereof, be it enaAed by the authority Commiffions of this present parliament. That it shall and may be lawful for awarded to the lord chancellor, or lord keeper of the great leal of England,	de~

for the time being, to award forth under the great feal of Eng- touching po-land, one general or (landing commiflion, to be renewed yearly licies ofaffh-at the leaft, and otherwise fo oft as unto the said lord chancellor or lord keeper shall feem good, for the hearing and determining of caufes arifing and policies of aflurances, Tuch as now are nCrs. or hereafter shall be entered within the office of aflurances with- 1 Show. 39$. in the city of London, and whereof no fuit shall be depending the last day of this fcjlion of parliament, in any of her Majef-ty’s courts* (6) which commiflion shall be direAed to the judge of the admiralty for the time being, the recorder of London for the time being, two doAors of the civil law, and two common lawyers, and eight grave and difereet merchants,- or to any five of* them: in) which commiffioners, or the greater part of them, which (nail fit and meet, shall have by virtue of this prefent aA full power and authority to hear, examine, order and decree all and every such caufe and caufes concerning policies of aflurances in a brief and fummary courfe, as to their diferetion shall feem meet, without formalities of. pleadings or proceedings.

II. And be it further enaAed.by the authority aforesaid, The comraif-That it lhall be lawful for the said commiflioners, as well to doners autho-warn any of the parties to come before them, as also to exa- rit?m mine upon oath any witnefs that shall be produced, and to commit to prifon without bail or mainprize, any person that shall wilfully contemn or difobey their final orders or decrees: (2) and that the said commiflioners shall once every week at the lead, meet and fit upon the execution of the said commiflion in the office of the aflurances, or in fome other convenient pub-lick place by them to be 'afligned: (3) and that no person by virtue of this aA may claim or exaA any fee, for any

matter

,	$4 Anno quadragefimo tertio Elizabeths, c.igf. [igoiJ

matter or caufe concerning the execution of the said com-miflion.

A remedy for HI* And be it further  enacted by the authority aforesaid* ;the party	That if	any perfon	(hall be grieved bv fentence or decree of

grieved bjr	the faid	coirtmiflioners, that such perlons fo grieved may at

^nmdiuL	any	within two	months of the said decree fo made, exhi-

*	bit his bill into the	high court of chancery for the re-exami-

nation of such decree; (2) fo as every person complainant* before he shall exhibit any such bill, do either execute and fatisfy the said fentence fo awarded, or at the lead lay down in depofito with the said commiffioners such fums of money as he shall be awarded to pay, and that upon fo doing the said complainant shall be enlarged of his imprifonment: (3) and that the lord chancellor, or lord keeper, for the time being, shall have full power and authority by virtue of this act, upon every complaint .made (in order as atorefaid) to reverfe or affirm every such fentence or decree, according to equity and confcience: £4) and that the said lord chancellor or lorf keeper, • *	in every such liiit brought before him, as aforesaid, by foch affurers*

and decreed against the said aflurers, shall award double cods to the party amired.

Ko aflurer or IV. Provided neverthelefs, That no commilfioner shall in-aMired shall termeddle in the execution of any such commiflion in any meddle in the caufe 0r matter of affurance where himfelf shall be either a par-Everyam- ty a®ircr or allured in the fame affurance which is brought in sniflioner may queftion: f 2) nor that any commiflioner (other than the said a& having judge of tne admiralty and the recorder ot London) shall deal t^cen an oath Qr proceed in the execution of any such commiflion before he fold myor ^ave ta^en his corporal oath before the lord mayor and court uCar.a. °f aldermen of the city of London, to proceed uprightly and in-c.aj.f. a. differently between party and party.

GAP. XIII.

An a£l for the more peaceable government of the parts of Cumberland, Northumberland, Weftmorland, and

the bifhoprick a/Durefme.

FORASMUCH as now of late years very many of her Ma-jefty's fubjetis dwelling and inhabiting within the counties of Cumberland, Northumberland, Weftmorland, and the bt~ Jhoprick ^Durefme, have been taken, fome forth of their own houfes, and fome in travelling by tie highwayf or otherwife, and carried out of the fame counties, or to feme other places within fome of the said fevtral counties, as prifoners, and kept barbaroujly and Several outra- cruelly until they have been redeemed by great ranfoms: (2) and gious mifde- where now of late time there have been many incurfions, roads, rob-mftted^n °m~ Series, and burning and fpoiling of towns, villages and houses Cumberland within the said counties, that divers and sundry of her Majestys &c.	*	loving fubjefts within the said counties, and the inhabitants of di-

vers towns there, have been forced to pay a certain rate of money, corn, cattle or other confideration, cotnmonly there called by the name of black-mail, unto divert and furJry inhabiting upon or

near

1601.] Anno quadragefimo tertlo Elizabeths, c.13.	65

near the borders, being men of name, and friended and allied with divers in thofe parts, who are commonly known to be great robbers and ffoij takers within the said counties, to the end thereby to be by them freed) protected and kept in fafety from the danger of such as do ufually rob andJleal in thofe parts: (3) By reafon whereof many of the inhabitants thereabouts being her Majejtys tenants, or 0-fher good fubjefis, are much impoverijhed, and theft and robbery much increafedy and the maintainers thereof greatly encouraged* and the fervice of thofe borders and frontiers much wcakned and decayed, and divers towns thereabouts much difptopled and laid wajliy and her Majejlfs own revenue greatly diminiJhed: (4) which heinous and outragious mifdemeanors there cannot fo well by the ordinary officers of her Majejty in thofe parts be fpeedily prevented or JfPprefledy without further provifion of law:

II.	For remedy whereof, be it  enacted by the authority of Carrying alibis present parliament, That whofoever shall at any time way or detain* hereafter, without good and lawful Warrant and authority, ing a^y per-1 take any of lief IVfajefty’s fubjeCts against his or their will or

wills,' and carry them out of the fame counties, or to any outlier place within any of the said counties, or detain, force or imprifon him of them as prifoners, or against his or their wills to ranfom them, or to make a prey or fpoil of his or their per-fon or goods, upon deadly feud or otherwife: (2) or whofoever shall be privy, cohfenting, aiding or aflifting unto any such Aflenting or taking, detaining or carrying away, or procure the takirig, aiding to the detaining or carrying away, of any such person or persons ta!“?S prifoners, aforesaid: (3) or whofoever mall take, receive	*“*

or carry, t6 the ufe of himfelf, or wittingly to the ufe of any, other, any money, com, cattle of other consideration, com -monly called black-maily for the protecting or defending of Receiving or him of them, or his or their lands, tenements, goods or carrving ot' chattels, from such thefts, fpoils and robberies, as is aforesaid : black-mail.

(4)	or whofoever shall give any such money, corn, cattle or Giving of other consideration, called black-maily for such protection as is black-mail for aforesaid: (5) or shall wilfully arid of malice bum or caufe to ProtcPlon' be burned, of aid, procure or content to the burning of any Burning of barn or (tack pf corn or gfain, within any the said counties or barns or places aforesaid; (6) and shall be of the said several of- ^cks of corn, fences, or any of them indiCted, and lawfully convicted, ^^ccs or shall ftand mute, or shall challenge peremptorily above the £c felony number of twenty before the justices of afiizes, justices of gaol- without cler-delivery, justices of oyer and terminer, or justices of peace with- gy» &c* in any of the said counties, at fome of their general Tedious i*1^-6**6?* within fome of the laid counties to be holden; shall be reputed, adjudged and taken to be as felons, (7) and shall fuffer Spains of death, without any benefit of clergy, sanctuary or abjuration, and shall forfeit as in cafe of felony.

III.	And where divers and fiiniry persons within the said countiesy being indifted and outlawed for murders, robberies, burglaries or other felonies, do notwithjfanding ordinarily refort and come to mar-iets, fairs and other publick affiemblies and meetings, and do there

Vo1. VII.	F

con*

(ball be de dared to the JherifF.

of the outlaws.

66 Anno quadragefimo tertio Elizabeths, fc.13.. [i6or

controversy trqffick and trade with other her Majesty's fubjetfoy and are entertainedy and have the privilege as men obedient to lows, and yet do never yield themfelves to trial of lawy nor are apprehended, whereby the ordinary proceeding of law9 and execution of jujiice i/t tbofe parts are grown now into very great contempt:

The names of	IV. Be it therefore likewise further ena&ed, That every

all outlaws clerk of the peace within every of the said counties shall within the fpace of two months next after any outlawry within any of the said counties, deliver or caufe to be delivered by writing under his hand,'the names of all and every such as are ot shall be hereafter outlawed within their several counties, to Proclamation all and every the fheriffs of the said several counties: (2) and all and every the said fheriffs shall proclaim and publirn them to be outlawed in their several county-courts, and in the city of Carliky the towns of Penretb and Cockermouih in the county of Cumberlandy and ih the towns of Appulby and Kendal in the county of Wejlmorlandy and in the town of Newcaflle upon Tine in the county of the town of Newcaflle upon Tiniy and in the towns of Morpethy Alnewick and Hexam in the county of Northumberlandy and in the city of Durefmey and towns of Darlingtony Bijbop-Awdand and tiernard-caflle within die bi-fhoprick of Durefmey and in the town of Berwick upon Tweed;

(3)	and that the said ftieriffs having notice, as aforefeid, shall from time to time, once in the month at theif county-court, proclaim every of the said persons fo outlawed, or hereafter to be outlawed, until they shall yield their bodies to prifon: (4) and likewise that the mayors, bailiffs, aldermen, and other chief officers, within the (aid1 several cities and towns, shall

!>roclaitn the like at every fair or fairs to be kept within the aid cities or towns, and once every fix weeks at their markets.

V.	And be it also enafted, That if any person or persons ment for re- ^ inhabiting within any the said several counties shall wittingly fearing with”- an(* willingly have conference, talk, or in any fort lhall relieve, outlaw for entertain or confer with any such person or persons fo outlawed, or hereafter to be outlawed, for any fuclv murders, robberies, burglaries or other felonies, having' knowledge of the fame outlawries, by reafon of the fame proclamation or otherwife, and then shall not with convenient (peed do his belt endeavour to take and arreft any such person or persons fo outlawed, or to be outlawed as is aforesaid, shall fuffer imprifonment by the fpace of fix monrhs, without bail or mainprife, and be bound with two fufficient fureties for his good behaviour for the foace of one year after, before he be enlarged of his impri-fonment.

VI.	And be it further enabled. That the justices of sffife within any of the said counties, justices of gaol-delivery, justices of oyer and terminery or justices of peace within any of the said counties, at any of their general feflions, shall have power and authority by virtue of this a<ft, to enquire, hear and determine of the offences and defaults* of the said (heriffs,

mayors.

The punilh-ment for re-

am

ielony.

The enquiry and punilh-ment of the offenders.

1	tot.] Armor quadrdgefiiiior tertio flLiiAtbthjb. c. 14.

mayors bailiffs, aldertnen and other officers, and of the clerks of the peace within the said counties, and proceed a-gainlt them by information or indiftment, and punifh them by fine, imprifonment or otbefvrife, as they shall think fit.

VII.	Provided always. That thi* aft, not stay thing therein The autho-contained, shall not extend to abridge or ifnpeaCh the jurifdic- rity °f ' tion or authority of any the fords wardens of any (he marches fhaUno^be nl of Englandy for and anenft Scotland \ any thing iti this prefers impeached# aft to the contrary nbtwithftandihg*

CAP. XIV.

An aS concerning the affixes of fewel.

WHEREAS in the parliament holden at Weftminftef in the The penalty feventh year of King Edward the Sixth, one aft was made of ihe Hatute touching the affixed talwood, billets and faggots to be fpent in Lon- of 7Ed. 6.0.7* don and Weftminfter^ the which affixes were very meet and conve- oTfewel* re? nietit should be kett in all places through this realm, where fitch taU pealed, and Wood, billets ana faggots are ufedtobe fpent; (2) neverthelefiy the another for-forfeiture contained in the faidJiatute for every /hide of talwood, bit- rtitnre aflign-let and faggot, lacking the affixe, being put to fale, is three /hillings a repeal of and four pence \ which penalty is oVer-heavy and extreme, confidering the forfeiture the farne dependeth upon the fault of poor labouring men, which do 0^3 ?. *d. lira/, mark and shake the fame many times without the knowledge or confent of the feller: (3) for remedy whereof, be it enacted by 6 7jhe* the authority of this present parliament, That fo much of the aflize of tal-feid statute as concerneth the forfeiture of three shillings four wood, billet * pence for every (bide of. talwood, billet or faggot, lacking the and affize contained" therein, shall from henceforth be void and of JJf* ffi none effeft; (4) and yet the aflize for the said talwood, billet and fhaj] continue* faggots, shall ftill continue in force, not only for London and Wejl- 9 Ann. e,15, ntin/lety but ako in ail other cities, boroughs and towns corporate of this realm, where such talwood, billet and faggot9 are accufc tomed to bd fold.

II.	And be it further enafted. That if any perfori or persons shall after the first day of May now next eniuing bring any tal-* wood, billet or faggot, to any city, borough or town corporate within this realm, there to be fold, or being brought,

(hall put. the fame to fale, neither being of the aflize mentioned in the said statute made in the feventh year of King Edward the Sixth, or agreeing with the meafures hereafter in this aft limited j that then upon information thereof given to the mayor, bailiff, or other head officer of the said city, borough or town corporate, they shall have power and autho- Six cliaifedfo rity to call before them fix good and lawful men of the said enquire ot the city, borough or town corporate, and shall fwear them upon their corporal oaths, truly to enquire and prefent, whether * all or any part of the said talwood, billets or faegots be of good and fufficient aflize, according to the said ftatute, and the limitation of aflize herein contained, or not: (2) and if they shall prefent upon their oaths* that any of the fame

Fa	taU

69 Adqo quadragefiimo tertio Elizabeth a. c.14, fi6ot-.

t^lwood, billets or faggots be not of such good and fufficient affize, as abovesaid, that then thd said mayor, bailiffs and other head officers of the said cities, boroughs and towns corporate, by force of this act, upon their prefentment, shall and may take such of the fame talwood, billets and faggots stf The forfeiture be falfe fized, as forfeited, (3) and shall deliver the famd jhalT be diftri-unt0 fome overfeers for the poor in the said cities, boroughs buted to the an(j towns corporate, to be by them given and diftributed to *	the poor there, according to their difcretions, from time to

time, as often as such offences shall be prefented in manner and form abovefaid.

III.	And whereas in the said former Jiatute it was enabled and limited\ That every taljhide shall contain in length four foot befides the carjf; (2) and every taljhide named one, Jbould contain in great-,nefs within one foot of the midfl, fixteen inches about; (3) and every taljhide named of tzvo, to contain in greatnefs within a foot of the midjl, twenty and three inches about; (4) and every taljhide named of three, to contain in greatnefs within one foot to the midjl, twenty and eight inches about; (5) and every taljhide named of four, to contain in greatnefs within one foot of the midjl, thirty-three ' inches about; (6) and every taljhide named of five, to contain in greatnefr within one foot of the midjl, thirty-eight inches about; (7) and tvery billet to contain in length three foot four inches\ and every billet named afingle, to contain feven inches and an half about; (8) and every billet named to be a cafl, to contain ten inches about; (9) and every billet named of two cafl, to contain fourteen inches about; (10) a fid every faggot, bend ornick, to contain in length three foot; (11) and the bond of every fuen faggot to be of four and twenty inches about, befdes the knot: (12) in which aft it was further enafted, That all billets of two cafl should be marked within fix inches of the midfl thereof > ( 13 J and every billet of one cafl to be marled only within four inches of the end thereof; as in the said aft of parliament, a-mongfl divers other slaufes, articles and proviflons doth and may ap-Several deceit, pear: (14) and whereas divers evil- dijpofefperfons, evading from fulpraftice, t]je true intent, good meaning and purpose of the said aft of parliament, ^etrue mean- ^uVe cunn^> devifed, by cleaving of wood made or to be marked for ing of the fta- tahvood or billet, and by flopping of faggots with Jhortflicks about the tute of 7 Ed.	midjl thereof, fo to deceive and abufe the fubjefts of this realm, as

6- c. 7’	many times they fell the one half or	little more for the whole, and yet

fo cunningly carried, that by the flrifi letter of the said Jiatute they cannot be controlled, by reafon the said jiatute ufeth only the word (about) and wanteth the word [round): (15) and whereas by the true intent of the said Jiatute, every bend of faggot Jhciild be three foot, and the bond befdes the knot four and twenty inches, the said evU-difpofed people do not only make the said bends or faggot-flicks much '	Jbortcr, but if any chance to be	of fufficient length, then only one

or two cf ibefe shall be put in	faggot, and the bend filled

up with Jhort flicks cr lends fcerce one foot long, to the great damage and deceit cf her Majeflfs fubjefts buying the fame :

IV,	For avoiding of all which deceits for ever hereafter, and 10 6	‘	•	avoid

1601 .*] Anno quadragefimo tertio Euz abeth/b. c, 14;	69

avoid all fcruplet ambiguity or doubt hereafter to be made of the jaid Jlatute, or the true meaning thereof and for that it mujl needs be permitted to cleave great trees into talwood or billet, for conveniency of ufe: (2) be it therefore (for explanation of the true intent of the said ftatute) enabled by authority of this present parlia- The compafs ment, That from and after the first day of May now next oftalfhidcs coming, every talfhide marked of one, being round-bodied,nwkcd'

(hall contain fixteen inches of aflize in compafs; being of half-round, nineteen inches of aflize about ; being quarterr cleft, eighteen inches and a half of aflize about: (3) and that every talthide marked two, being round-bodied, shall contain in compafs three and twenty inches of affize about; being half-round, feven and twenty inches of aflize about; being of quarter-cleft, fix and twenty inches of aflize about: (4} and that every talfhide mark’d three, shall contain in compafs about (being round) eight and twenty inches of aflize; being half-round, to contain ih compafs three and thirty inches of aflize; being of quarter-cleft, two and thirty inches of aflize about:

(5)	and every talfhide marked four, to contain in compafs, being.round, three and thirty inches of aflize; being half-round, nine and thirty inches of aflize about; being or quarter-cleft, eight and thirty inches of aflize about: (6) and every talfhide marked five, shall contain in compafs, being round, eight and thirty inches of aflize about, and being halt-round, four and forty inches of aflize about, and being quar-ter-eleft, three and forty inches of aflize about: (7) all which * to be meafured about within fix inches of the midft thereof, and to contain the length limited by the said ftatute: (8) and in all other forms and manner of cleaving of wood to be hereafter marked and fold for talwood, which will not admit the former forms or manner of cleaving, nor any of thefe, to obferve the letter of the said statute of Anno 7 Ed. 6. c. 7.

V.	And for the better underftanding of tne intent of this ftatute, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every one of thefe forms, the furplufage of compafs that fliall happen between any two next meafures, being above the one, and under the other, in every kind, shall be deemed, allowed and taken to be for and to the benefit of the buyer, and not other-wife to be computable.

VI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. The compafs That every billet named a fingle, (nail contain in compafs,

being round-bodied, feven inches and an half of aflize, and no Angles to be made or marked out of cleft-wood: (2) and effeaualby every billet marked one, commonly called a caft, to contain 9 Ann*, c. 15, in compafs about, eleven inches of aflize, being round; and being half-round, to contain in compafs thirteen inches of aflize about; and being quarter-cleft, to contain in compafs about, twelve inches and an half: (3) and every billet marked two, commonly called two caft, to contain in compafs a-	;

jaout, being round, fixteen inches' ofvaflize; and being halt-	»

F 3	round.

7* Arino quadragefimo tert.o Elizabe'thje. c-. 16-19. take the ac- mayor of the said city for the time being, shall for ever hereafter mentofa"	^avc	Power and authority to award and fend forth fuch

fine. a	like writ or writs, procefs or precepts of l)dmus Pittjtatem as

is aforesaid, to any two or more fuffitient persons, authorizing them or fome of them, to receive and take the acknowledgment of such person or persons as shall be willing to levy such fine or fines, and by reafon of (icknefs, or other reafonable impediment; cannot come in person before the (kid mayor for the time beirigt to make such acknowledgment: (2) and that all and every such fine and fines, as upon any such acknowledgment made and certified into the (aid coyrt of Portmoot shall be hereafter en-grofled, recprded and proclaimed in such manner and form as is formerly limited and appointed, before the mayor of the said city for the time being, in the said court of Portmoot, shall be of like force and effeft to all intents, conftruftipns and purposes, as if the fame fine or fines had been perfonally acknowledged before the said mayor, and engroffcd, recorded and*proclaimed in such manner and form as in and by this prefent aft is formerly limited, appointed, expreffed and declared. f:

Where a fine	Vi. Provided always, and be it errafted, That fines to. be

Chefter may ^***4 by virtue of this aft shall be fubjeft to be reverted and be reverfed ny pay be reverted upon writs of error to be fued and profecuted writ of error, before the said high juftice of the said county palatine of Chejlerx as other judgments given by the said mayor in the said Portmoot-court may be, and have ufed to be, if there shall be found error in the fame fine or fines.

CAP. XVI.

The county of Cumberland shall Jtand chargeable for. the erefting, maintaining, repairing and new making of Edon-bridge and Prefibcick-bridge, (landing over the river of Edon, when and ax often a0 need shall require: and for the afleflment, rating, cohesion and employing of such works and Aims of money as from rime to time shall be needful for the building and repairing of thdfe bridges, fock form and order shall be obferved in all thing*, by and through the said county, a* is appointed by the liatute ot 22 H. 8. c. 5. for the repair of bridges: but the inhabitants of the lord(hip of Mjlham shall not be chargeable with any contribution thereunto.

CAP. XVII.

A confirmation of four fublidies of four shillings in the pound, granted. to the Queen by the clergy. EXP.

CAP. XVIIL

A grant by the temporalty to the Queen of four entire (ubfidies, and tight fifteens and tentha. EXP. .

CAP. XIX.

A confirmation by the parliament of the Queen's general and free pardon : except, Sec. EXP.

4n*>

1604 ] Ahne fccuado [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c.i•	73

Alnno Regni Jacobi Regis Anglic Scotia* prancia &* Hibernia* ■

* VIZ.

Anglia, Francia & Hibernia ftcundo \yulgo primo,] & Scotia tricejimo feptimo.

At the parliament begun and holden at Weftminfter the nineteenth day of March in the firjl year of the reign of our moft gracious fovereign lord James, by the Grace of God, of England, France and Ireland jKing* defender of the faith, & c. and of Scotland the Jeven and thirtieth, and there continued until the feventh day of July one thousand fix hundred four, and then prorogued until the feventb of February next following: to the high pleafure of Almighty God, and the weal publick of this realm, were enabled as followetb.

CAP. I.

A moft joyful and juft recognition of the immediate, lawful and undoubted fuccejfton, defcent and right of the crown.

GREAT and manifold were the benefits (moft dread and moft a recognition gracious fovereign) wherewith ' Almighty God blejfed this king- thatihedwij dom and nation by the happy union and conjunction of the two noble	d	**

houfes of York and Lancafter, thereby preferving this noble realm, tended unto * formerly torn and almoft wafted with long and miferable dijfenfton King James, • and bloody civil war $ (2) but more ineftimable and unfpeakable vie ft his progeny fengs are thereby poured upon us, becauje there is derived and grown Parity. from and out of that union of thofe two princely families, a more fa~ enfuir^bythe tnous and greater union (or rather a re-uniting) of two mighty, fa- conjunction ot’ mous and ancient kingdoms (yet anciently but one) 0/* England and the boufes of Scotland, under one imperial crown, in your moft royalperfon, who York ^ is lineally, rightfully and lawfully defended of the body of the moft xheunfdng excellent lady Margaret, eldeft daughter of the moft renowned King Qf England Henry the Seventh,and the high and noble princefs Queen Elizabeth and Scotland his wife, eldeft daughter of King Edward the Fourth; the said lady in tj,e Kb#* Margaret being eldeft fetfter of King Henry the Eighth, father of Pcrr°n-the high and mighty princefs of famous memory, Elizabeth late gH/een of England:

II. In confederation whereof, albeit we your Majestys loyal and The acknow-faithful fubjefts, of all eftates and degrees, with all pojfeble and pub-	K?n”g °*

lick joy and acclamation, by open proclamations within few hours after title, an§ tho the deceafe of our late fovereign Queen, acknowledging thereby with love of his one full voice of tongue and heart. That your majesty was cur only fubjcdh, (hew*

74	.Anno	fectindo	fvujgo prime] JaOobl c.t. {16014.;

lawful and rightful liege lord and fovereign, by our unfpeakable and general rqoycing and oppkufe at your Majejiy's mpjl^ happy inauguration and coronation, by the affectionate itfire of infinite numbers of us* of all degrees, to fee your royal perfim, and by aJlpoJfible outward means have endeavoured to make demonfiration of our inward love, zeal and devotion to your mojl excellent Majefly, our undoubtful rightful liege fovereign lord and King: (2) yet as we cannot do it too often, or enough,, fa can there bi ne means or ways fo fit, both to faerifitt-our "unfeigned and hearty thanks to Almighty God, for bleffmg us with a fovereign adorned vnth the rareft gifts of mind and body, in fucb admirable peace end quietnefs, and upon the knees of our hearts to agnize our mft conjoint faith, obedience and loyalty to your Majejiy and your royal progeny, as in this high court of parliament, where all the tffhole body of the realm, and every particular member thereof, either in porfin or by reprefentation (upon their own frit el eft tom) are by the laws of this realm deemed to beperfonally prefent.

Several caufes	III .To the acknowledgment whereof to your Majejiy,	we are, the

bo*1 f b	kounden and obliged, as well in regard of the extraordinary

lefts'to the eare una pains which with fo great wifdom, knowledge, experience and love and obe- dexterity, your Majejiy (fitbenoe the imperial crown of tfyis realm dience of the defended to you) have taken for the continuance and ejtablijbmeni of the blejfed peace both of the church of England in the true andfincere religion j and of the commonwealth by due and fpeeiy adminiftration of juftice, as in refpeft of the gracious care and inward affection which it pleafed you on the firjl day of this parliament fo lively to exprefs by your o%vn words, fo full, of high wifdom, learning and virtuey and Jo ripleat with royal and thankful acceptation of all our faithful and conjlant endeavours, which is and ever will ft to our inejlimable con-• fmtitm and comfort,

€a«fe* of IV, We therefore your mojl humble arid loyal fubjtfts, the tor is tta^iriog fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament tbeK^jfMd aJFmN*d, do from the bottom of our hearts, yield to the divine Ma^ fcis progeny. Jtfo humble thanks and praifes, not only for the said unfpeakable and inejlimable benefits and klejjings above-mentioned, but also that he bath jurther enriched your Highnefs with a mofi royal progeny of moft rare and excellent gifts and forwardnefs, and in his goodnejs is likely to increaft the happy number of them: (2) and in moft humble end lowly manner do befeech your moft excellent Majesty, that (as a memorial to all pofterities, xmongft the records pf your high court of parliament for ever to endure, of our loyalty, obedience and hearty and humble affe&ion) (3)11 may be publifhed and declared in this high court of parliament, and  enacted by Immediately authority of the fame,.That we (being bounden ^hereunto botn 5P?n Q^fn by the law$ of God and man) do recognize and acknowledge deaththe	thereby exprefs our unfpeakable joys) That immediately

crown of upon the diflolution and deceafe of Elizabeth late -Queen of England, See. England, the imperial crown of the realm of England, and of defended to ajj *hc kingdoms, dominions and rights belonging to the fame, did by inherent birthright, and lawful and undoubted fuc-ceffion, defeend and come to your moft excellent Majesty, as being lineally, juftly and lawfully, next and foie heir of the blood

royal

the King by lawful birth right and

wteeor.

i£o4*1 A*110 fccun<Jo [ndgp fmo] Jacobi, c. 2.

royal of this realm as is aforefcid : (4) aqd that by the goodnefr or God A^ighty, and lawful right of dcfcent, under one is*-penal crown, your M^cfty is at the realms and kingdoms of England, Scotland, France and Inland, the moil potent and mighty King, and by God’s goodnefc more able to protect and govern us your loving fubje&s in all peace and plenty, than any of yoi^r noble progenitors: (5) And thereunto we molt humbly atm faithfully do fubmit and oblige ourfeWps, our heirs and pofteri-ties for ever, until the lad drop of our bloods , be fpent: And do befeech your Majesty to accept the (ame, as the firft-fruits in this high court of parliament* of our loyalty and faith to your Majesty, and your royal progeny and pofterity for over: (6) Which if your Majesty ditll be pleafed (as aa argument of yo*r gracious acceptation) to adorn with your Majesty^ royal adept, without which it can neither be compleat and perfect, nor op-main to all poderity, according to our moft humble defire, (as a memorial of your princely and tender affedion towands us) we (ball add this also to the reft of your Majesty’s unfpeaJuWc and ineftimahle benefits.

cap.il

Jin ail authorizing certain cormijfmen of England to treat with (ommiffiomrs of Scotland, for the weal of both king-dome. 3 Jac. i.c. 3. 4jac* *. c. 1. 22 Car. a. c.9.

\KT H E R E A S his moft excellent Majtfty hath been pleafed, out ___ . VV* of Its great wifedome andjudgment, not only to reprefent un» to Uj hy his ozvne prudent and princely fpeecb on the Jirft day of this frrlament, Kwmuchhee deftred, (in regard of his inward> and gracious affetiion to both the famous and ancient realmes ^England and Scot-, laud, now united in al egeance and loyall fubjeftion inbisroyallperfoU% to his Majeftie and his pofterity for ever) that by a fpeedy, mature and J. uni deliberation, Juch a further union might follow, as should make perfeft that mutuail love and uniformity oj manners and cuftomes,

VJt ich Almighty God in his Providence for the ftrength and Jaftie of both realmes hath already fo far begun in apparent fight of all the world, but also hath vouchsafed to exprejfe many ways, how farre it is, and ever Jball be from his royaU and ftneere care and affetiion to the Jubjitis of England, to alter and innovate the fundamental! and ancient laws, priviledgcs and good cuftomes of this kingdome, whereby not ontly Us regall authority, but the people's fecurity of lands, livings and priviledges (both in generall and particular) are preferved and maintained, and by the abolijhing or alteration of the which, it is im^oftible but that prefent confufion will fall upon the whole ft ate and frame of this kingdome.

II. Furafmuch as his Majefties humble, faithful and loving fub-jefts, have not onely conceived the weight of his Majefties reafons, but apprehend to their unfpeakable joy and comfort, his plaine, cleere and gracious intention, to feck no other changes or alteration, but of fucb particular, temporary or indifferent manner of statutes and cuftomes,

0S	may both prevent and extinguijb all $nd every future queftions, or

unhappy

7$	' Anno fecuhdo [vnlgo primo] Jacobi, c.3.	[1604.

•	unhappy accidents, by which the perfeft and confiant love and friend-:Jhtp and quietnejfe between the fubjebts of hot n't be realmes aforesaid+

may be compkated and confirmed,, and also performe and atctimplifb that real and ejfetluall union already inherent tn his Majejlies royal blood and perfon, and now defired by his Majefiie to be performed \and brought to an end, for the weale of both hngdomes> by this courfe following, See: .

CAP. III.

tAn aft againji the diminution of the poffejfions of archbiJhop~ ricks and bijhopricks, and for avoiding of dilapidations of \	the fame.

AH aflurance* AX / H£ R E A S all the archbijhopricks and bijhopricks within this *2 t!jc ‘ V V realm of England, were in ancient times founded by his Ma-Uncis of bi-C	progenitors.	Kings	of	this	realm, and in refpeSt

fhops shall be thereof, his Mayfly is lawful and rightful patron of all and every if void.	the fame: (2) And where also by the laws andJlatutes of this realm y

'Ey the ftatute-770 archbifisop or bi/hop can make any conveyance, ajfurance or ejlate w biLVean whatfiever, of any honours, caftles, manors, lands, tenements or he-make any leafe riditaments, parcel of the ppjfejfbns bf’his archbijhoprick or bijhoprick, of hi* land . Qr Uflitfd, flppertainingor belonging to any of the fame,' to any Jubjeft but for *1 what/oever, whereby <my ejlate Jhouldor might pafs from any arebtit-lix™ toVfuh^^	bljhop, other than for term of one and twenty years, or three

\e€t. a U lives, with such refinxHtens of rent, and in such manner and form,

, as by the laws find Jlatutes ore provided: (3) His mojl excellent Ma-jefiy underfiring that divers per fins have with great fuit and importunity fought to frujirate the true end and intent of the said good Jaws and Jlatutes in that behalf cf his chrifiian and princely piety and care, minding fo to patronize and protect the said pojfejfions from alienation or diminution, as that the fame may, according to the true 'intent of the founders, remain and continue in fucccjficn to the arch-bijbops and bijhops of this realm and their fuccejfirs, for the better maintenance of Goa’s true religion, keeping of bofpitcuity, and avoidr

•	mg of dilapidations, and thereby for ever hereafter to avoid all fuits . and importunities for or concerning any of the faidjpofiljftons, hath out of his oivn meer and godly motion, ana of his blejfed difpofition for the publici good, without all regard of any private rejpebf, vouch-

•	fafed and is pleafed. That it may be enabled and efiablijbed by his Ma-jefiy, by and With the ajfint of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament ajfimbkd:

Nobilhoplhall II. And be it  enacted and eftablifhed by authority of the allure his land fame. That every archbifhop and bifhop within this realm, and t0 rlf	their and every of their fucceflors, fhgll be from and after the

end of this prefent feffion of parliament, for ever wholly and utterly difabled in Jaw, to make, do, levy or Puffer any a<5b or a&s, thing or things, whereby or by means whereof, any of the said honours, caftles, manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any part of them, or any of them, shall or may be aliened, allured, given, granted, demifed, charged, or in any fort conveyed to our said fovereign lord the King, his heirs or fucceffors : (2) And thatall alienations, affurances, gifts, grants,

leafeSj

10	Co. 6*.

11	Co. 71.

77

1604.] Anno fccundo [vulgo primo] JacoBi. c. 4J

leafes, charges and conveyances whatfoever, from and after the> end of this prefent feflion of parliament, to be done* fuffered or made to our fovereign lord the King, his heirs or fucceflors, by any archbifhop or bifliop, or their or any of their fucceflors, or or out of any of the £ud pofleflions, or of or out of any part or parcel of them or any of them, and all and every confirmation and confirmations of the fame, shall be from and after the end of this prefent feflion of parliament, utterly void and of none effect, to all intents, conftructions and purposes; any former law, ftatutc, aeft, ordinance or other matter or thing to the contrary notwithstanding. Co. Lit. 44. a.

CAP. IV.

An act for the due exceutioh of the statutes agtonjt jefuits y feminary priefls, recufants, &c.

F^O R the better and more due execution of the statutes Statutes made heretofore made, as well against jefuits, feminary priefts, and other such like priefts, as also against all manner of recu-	^

fants; (2) Be it ordained and enacted'by authority of this pre- execution, fent parliament, That all andeveiy the statutes heretofore made In what cafe a in the reign of the late Queen of famous memory, Elizabeth, as well against jefuits, feminary priefts and other priefts, dea- ^ cons, religious and ecclefiaftical persons whatfoever, made, or- not. dained or profefled, or to be made, ordained or profefled, by Going into fe-any authority or jurifdidtion derived, challenged or pretended mlnJ5ieSg from the fee of Rome, as thofe which do in any wife concern ] eWz.'c.s. the withdrawing of the King’s fubje&s from their due obedience, 5 Eliz. c. 1! and the religion now profefled, and the taking of the oath of 13 Eliz. c. *. obedience unto the King’s majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, to- *3 Ehz. c. 1. gether with all thofe made in the said late Queen’s time, against Ej(^ £ any manner of recufants, shall be put in due and exalt execution. j^Eliz'c. i, i.

ll. Provided neverthelefs, and be it enacted by the authority % 3Ht of this present parliament, That if any that is or shall be are- A recufant cufant shall fiibrnit to reform him or herfelf, and become obe- conforming 'dient to the laws and ordinances of the church of England\ and repair to the church and continue there during the time of the	* 465,

divine fervice and fermons, according to the true meaning of the	*	*

ftatutes in that behalf, in the said late Queen’s time made and provided. That then every such perfonforand during such time as he or fhe shall fo continue in such conformity and obedience, shall from thenceforth be freed and difeharged of and from any the penalties and lodes which the fame person might otherwile fuflain and bear in refpeeft or by reafon of such persons rccu-fancy,

III.	And if any recufant (hail hereafter die, his heir being no recufant. That in every such cafe, every such heir shall be freed and difeharged of all and Angular the penalties, charges and incumbrances, happening upon him or her in refpe&or by reafon of his or her anceftoris recufancy : (2) And if at the de-ceafe of any such recufant, his heir shall happen to be a recu-lint, and after shall become conformable and obedient to the

. taws

if

s Efiz. c. f.

A recufant's heir within ag at the time of fiitaheeftort dexth.

A third part of hit living lhall remain dear to a re-uilant. »9£liz. c..6»

The two parts of a recufant's lands, after his death, shall remain* in the King's hands until he be fa-tisfied of the arrearages*

Anno lfectinda [vu%6 ptfjrio} JfACOEr. &, p (1604.4

faws arkI ordinance of the churthof England* and repair to fhef Church, and Continue thefre during the tithe of the divine fer-Viceand fermofts, according to the irtfeht and tfutf meaning dt the said statutes and ordinances in that behaff made as is afore-faicL and aifo (halt take the Ostth of fuprethacy in such fort as that oatn is Ctfprttffed in one aSt of parliament made in the first year' df the reign of our late fOvCreign lady Queen Elizabeth* before the archbifhop of bifltap of the dioCefe; that in every such Cafe, every such heir shall be freed' and difeharged of afl and fingutaf fher penalties, charges and incumbrances, happening upon him or her in refpeft Of by reafon Of any of his or her anceftor's recufancy.

IV.	Provided always and be it enacted by authority Of t this present parliament. That if the heir of any recufant shall

happen to be within the age of fixteen years at the time of the deceafe of bis or her anceftor, and shall after his or her said age Of fixteen'years, become or be a recufant, that in every such cafe, any luch heir shall not be freed or difeharged of all or any of the penalties, charges and incumbrances happening upon him or her in refpe# orby reafon of any of his or her anceftors fecufancy, until he or (he shall fubmif or reform him or herfelf, and become obedient to the laws and ordinances of the church of England* and repair to the church,- and continue there during the time of the divine fervice and fermons, according to the intent and true meaning.of the said statutes and ordinances in that behalf as is aforesaid, and shall take the said oath of fupremacy in manner and form afore exprefled; and yet neverthelefs, from and after such fubmiifion and oath had and taken, every such heir shall be freed and difeharged of all and lingular the penalties, charges and incumbrances happening upon him or her in refoedt or by reafon of any of his or her anceftors recufancy.

V.	And be it further enadbed by authority of this present parliament,, That where any feizure shall be had of the two parts of any lands, tenements, hereditaments, leafes or farms, for the not payment of the twenty pounds, due and payable for each montn, according to the statute in that cafe lately made and provided; That in* every such Cafe, every such two parts fhall, according to the extent thereof, go towards the fatisfac-tion and payment of the twenty pounds due and payable for each month, and unpaid by any such recufant: (2) And that the third part thereof shall not be extended or feizea by the King’s majesty, his heirs or fucceffors, for not payment of the said twenty pounds payable for each month forfeited or loft by any such recufant: (3) And where any such feizure shall be had of the two parts of the lands, tenements, hereditaments, leafes or farms of any such recufant as is aforesaid, and such recufant shall die, (the debt or duty, by reafon of his recufancy, not paid, fatisfied or difeharged) that in every such cafe, the fame two parts shall continue in his Majesty’s pofleffion, until the re-fidue or remainder of the said debt or duty be thereby or other-wife paid, fatisfied or difeharged; (4) And that his Majesty,

to '

79

t&H*] Anrlo fccundo [vulgo primo] Jacobs £. 4;

his heirs or fucceflbrs, shall not ferae or extend any third parf defending to any such heirs or any part thereof, either by rea-fon of the Decufancy of his or her anceftor, or of the recufancy of any such heir.

VI.	And he it further enacted by the authority of this pre- None shall go lent parliament. That all and every person and persons under or fend any the King’s obedience, which at any time (after the end of thisotbcrt°afem** feffion of parliament) shall pofs or go, or shall lend or caufe to na££ ^

be fent, any child, or other person under their or any of their3 J *A* * * government, into any the parts beyond the feas, out of th*

King’s obedience, to the intent to. enter into, or to be refident in any college, feminary or houfe of jefuits, priefts or any other popifh order, profeffion or calTmg whatfoever, or repair in or to any the fame, to be inftru&ed, perfuaded or ftrengthned in the -popilh religion, or in any fort to profefs the fame; every such person fo fending or caufing to be fent, any child or othcr^^^ perfon, beyond the feas to any such purpose or intent, shall for g0„ reUahtg every such offence forfeit to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, beret* the lum of one hundred pounds: (2) And e^ery such person lb 3 Car. s» palling or being fent beyond the feas to any such intent or pur- **l* pofe as is aforesaid, shall by authority of this prefent a&, as in refpedt of him or herfelf only, and not to or in refpedt of any of his heirs or pofterity, be difabled and made incapable to inherit, purchale, take, have or enjoy any manors, lands, tenements, annuities, profits, commodities, hereditaments, goods*, chattels, debts, duties, legacies or fums of money, within this realm of England, or any other his Majesty’s dominions : (.?)•

And that all and lingular eftates, terms, and other intereits whatfoever hereafter to be made, fuffered or done, to or for the ufe or behoof of any such person or persons, or upon any truft or confidence, mediately, or immediately, to* or for the benefit or relief of any such person or persons, shall be utterly void and of none effedt, to all intents, conftrudtions and purposes.

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That xh^y who be if any person bom within this realm or any the King’s majesty’s in feminaries dominions, be at this prefent in any college, feminary, houfe or lhall return, place in any parts beyond the feas, to the end to be inftrudted or17 c* *• ftrengthned in the popifti religion, which shall not make return into this realm, or fome of his Majesty’s dominions, within one year next coming after the end ot this feilion of parliament, and fubmit himfelf as is aforesaid, shall be in refpeeft Explained by of himfelf only, and not to or in refpedt of any of his heirs 3 Geo. 1.C.1S. or pofterity, utterly difabled and uncapable to inherit, have or +*

enjoy any manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods, chattels, debts, or other things aforesaid, within this realm or any other his Majesty’s dominions. (2) Provided always, That A remedy for if any such person or child fo palling, fent, fending, or now £ach ?s tlo/e-being, beyond the feas as aforesaid, to such intent as is before- reXiTand be* mentioned, shall after become conformable and obedient unto come con-the laws and ordinances of the church of England, and shall re- formable to pair to the church, and there remain and be as is aforesaid, and thc laws#

continue

to.

No woman or child shall pafs over the feaa without licence.

Jjac. i. c. 5. ^iiW. 3.C.

Tbe forfeiture , of tbofe who do fuffer them topafi.

The forfeiture for being or keeping a fchool-mafter contrary to this ad;. Carthew 464. a Ventr. 41.

Anno iecundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi, c. 5.	\16a4

continue in such conformity, according to the true intent and meaning of the said statutes and ordinances ; that in every such Cafe every such person and child, for and during such tipie as he or (he shall fo continue in such conformity and obedience, shall be freed and difcharged of all and every-fuch difability and incapacity as is before-mentioned.

VIII.	And be it further  enacted by the authority of this pre-fent parliament. That no woman, nor any child under the age of one and twenty years (except Jailors or ihip-boys, or the apprentice or fatftor of fome merchant in* trade of merchandize) shall be permitted to pafs over the Teas (except the fame shall b£ by licence of the King, his heirs or fucceflors, or of (bme fix dr more of the King’s privy council, thereunto first had under their hands) (2)* upon pain that the officers of the port that /hall willingly or negligently fuffer any such fo to pafs, or shall not enter the names of fuen paflengers licenced, shall forfeit his office, and all his goods and chattels; (2) and upon pain that the owner of any (hip or veflel that shall wittingly or willingly carry any such over the feas without licence as is aforesaid, shall forfeit his (hip or Veflel and all the tackle : (4) And every matter' or mariner of or in any such (hip of veflel offending as aforesaid,-: shall forfeit all their goods, and fuffer imprifonmentby the fpacc of twelve months, without bail or mainprize.

IX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That no perfoti after the feaft of St. Michael the archangel next shall keep any fchool, or be a fdiool-mafter, out of any ther univerfities or colleges of this realm, except it be in fome pub-lick or free grammar fchool, or in fome such nobleman’s or' noblewoman’s, or gentleman’s or gentlewoman’s houfe, as are not recufants, or where the fame fchool-mafter shall be (pccially licenced thereunto by the archbiftiop, bi(hop or guardian of the fpiritualties of that diocefe; (2) upon pain that as well the fchool-mafter, as also the party that shall retain or maintain any such fchool-mafter contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a€ty shall forfeit each of them for everyday fo wittingly offending, forty (hillings. (3) The one half of all the’penalties and fums of money before-mentioned to be forfeited, to be to the King, his heirs and fucceflors, the other to him or them that shall or will fue for the fame, in any the courts of record in TVcfiminfier, by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in which no efloin, prote&ion or wager of law shall he allowed. .

CAP. V.	'

An a£l to prevent the over-charge of the people byfietoards of court-leets and court-barons.

The fteward \\f H ERE A S the King's mojl excellent majejf^ the lords fpi-ofa court Hi all \\ ritual and temporal^ and other his Highnefs fubjefls of this Jit^of^>cnc” realm of England and Wales, have in divers places of the fame lord’s profits, many franchifes^ jurifliftions, privileges and liberties to keep court-How the pro- leets or court-barons, for the true admin'/ration of yjp.ke\ and to the fits and per- punijbitig and fupprcjfvig of offences f the profits and perquifites of qaitttcs of	wlid,

AnAo feuftflo fvtilgb primo] JacoBL c. 6.	8t

. &bieb courts hart* herettffirb bein fifed to he levied and alleged by courts-baron the bdt&ff or bther minifter tf ftuh court, and by him accounted fir to his Htgbnefi progenitors. Or other hrds or ladies of fetch courts pkimahbrsj ahtt or Of right it ought fi to be: (2) But now by tea-fin of the great hcrtafe of people, the find profits and perqkifites of for the private courts art grown to be of a better yearly value tlxtn in ancient tinte h gain of ftew-hatb tebty divers'that art now ftewtirAs of such courts haVe heretofore *rd$of courts* tn their own irttmes, or in the names of feme other to their ufey obtained and gotten drdtrs grttnts of all the profits and perquifites of fitch courts whereof they are fimords, whereby many of ms Majefifs fubfeSis are unjuftty vexedy and by grievous fines and atnercidments Unduly puftijhedy greatly to the wronging and impoverijhing of the tenants and inhabitants wherefichfieivdrdsarey proceeding out of a greedy defire to make and obtain an undue and extraordinary gains to them-fehrs : (3) It is therefore by the authority of this preterit parlia- A fteward of a inent eftablrfhed and enafted, That no Award,' deputy-fteWard, or bther under-fteward of any the courts aforesaid, (nail direft- tjJc proJ£ 0f y Iy or iridireftly, In hfe own name, or in the name of any others the iarae court. fTorrt arid after the expiration of one year next after the end rif this feftion of this present parliament, take* receive, or thake benefit to his own tife, in money, goods, or any other thing, to the valtie of twelVe-pfence or riiore, by virtue or colour of kny demife Or grant hereafter to be made Of any the profits dr perquifites, or amerciaments of any such courts whereof they are fteward, which rightfully shall belong to the lords of the feme; (4) upon pain that every fteward offending contrary to the tenor Of this prefent aft of parliament, shall for every such his offence forfeit the fum of forty pounds, and to be disabled ever after to be fteward of fuen court or of any other 5 ( c) the one half of the forfeiture to be to our fovereign lord the lung’s majesty, his heiTs and fucceflors; the other half to any of his MajdVys fubjefts that shall complain in any of his High-nefs courts or record, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint or information j in which ferit no effom, proteftiori, wager of. law, or other dilatory plea shall be afioWed.

CAP. VI.

Ah a8 Wait far the explanation, of the fiatute made in the fifth year of the l4tt Queeh Elizabeths reign, concerning l&bdurtrs.

WHEREAS by ah aft made in the parliament holders at Rating of the Weftminft’er in the fifth year of the reign of the late Queen wages of am-Elizabeth of famous memory, intituled, An aft touching divers c ac/ orders for artificers, labourers, fervantfc of husbandry and ap- cording toThe prentices, it was provided and enabled by the authority of the fame ftatutc of parliament, for the declaration and limitation what wages fervantSy 5E^* c- 4-labourers and artificerSy either by the year or day9 or otherwtfey Jbould Jclorhier're°^ have and receive, That the jufticcs of peace of every Jbire, riding or fufingtoobey liberty, within the^ limits of their several commiffions, or the more the afleflment. part of them, being then refident within the fame, and . the Jloeriff of that county, if he conveniently may, and every mayor bailiff tr Vox. VII,	G	'	other

Anno secundo [vulgo primo} Jacobi, c.&	[1664.

other head officer, within any city or. tewn eorporate, wherein is aty juflice of peace within the limits of the /aid city or town corporate* \	™nnd	of the said corporations Jhouldbefore the tenth day of Jwsnext

the laid ftatate. coming^ and afterwards Jbould yearly at everygeneral fejfions farfi to be holien and kept after Eafter, or at fame time convenient within fix weeks next following every of the faidfeafisof Eafter, ajjemble them-fehes together; (2) and they fo aJJemlled, calling unto them fuebdif-creet xand grave persons of the said county, or the find city or town corporate, as they  shall think meet, and conferring together, rejpefling the plenty or fear city of the times and other circumftanus neceffa-rily to be confidered, Jbould have authority by virtue thereof , within '	‘	'	thi Untits or precinflsof their several commiffiom, to limit, rate and

appoint the wageSy as well of Juch and fo many of the said artificers, handicraftfmeny husbandmeny or any other laboureryfervant or workmen,

• tvhofe wages in time pafl hath been by any law or fiatute rated and Raring of wa- appointed; (3) and also the wages of all other labourers, artificers, work-ges by the men or apprentices of husbandry which have not been ratedy as they week ^or*	the fame juJKces, mayors, or head officers within their several com*

month? or by miffions or liberties Jbould think meet by their diferetions to be rated» the great. limited or appointedy by the yeary or by the day, wteky month or other-wife, with meat and drinky or without meat and drink \ (4) and what wages every workman Jbould take by the great for mowing, reaping or thrajbing of corn and grain, and for mowing and making of hayy or for ditching, pailing, railing or hedging by the rod, pearch, lUgge, yards poky roPe> or f°°U and for any other kind of reafon-able labours or ftrvice ; (5) and Jhotdi yearly before the twelfth day of July next after the Jaid ajjejfment ana rate fo appointed and made, certify the fame ingroffed in parchment with the confiderations and taufes thereof \ under their hands andfeals, into the feud Queen's mojl honourable court of chancery, to the end that proclamation should be made in the name of the Queens majesty, her heirs or fmseffors, for obferving of the fame ratesy in such forty manner and farm as in the Jaid afl more at large is declared.	?

A queftion H. And whereas the said afl hath not y according to the true mean-moved upon ing thereof been duly put in execution, whereby the robes of wages the statute of for poor artificers, labourers and other persons whofe wages was meant 5 Eliz. c. 4, t0 rQtgfl tfo	frave	not	frgen	rateg	proportioned ae-

the^ufticef6* fading to the plenty,; fear city, neciffity, and refpefl of ihetkney which may rate. tvas politickly intended by the said afl $ (a) by reafm that ambiguity and quejlion have rifen and been made, whether the rating of all manner artificers, work-men and work-women, his and their wages, other than such as by fome fiatute and law have been rated, or elfe such as did work about husbandry, should or might be rated by the • x- said law: Forafmuch as the said law hath been found beneficial for the commonwealth;	*

III.	Be it enacted by authority of this present parliament, weavers ? in-	^ai<*	authority bv the fame statute given

lTei^and ^m~*to a;iy person or persons for aflefling ana rating of wages* and workmenswa- the authority to them in the said adt committed, shall be etf-ges may be pounded ana conftrued, and shall by force of this a& give au-toftfe*y thC ^ority to all pcrlons having any such authority, to rate wages of *u lces#	-	any

t&Kfh] • Aniiafecundd [vulgo prirno] Jacobi, c.	8j

*nyla booms, weivcra, fpinfter*, and work-men or work-women wharibever, either Working by the day* week, month, year, or taking any- work at any person or persons hand what-foever, to be done in great or otherwise.

IV.	And whereas in divers Jhires within this realm, thejuflicesof	N

peace-hoot	nft	ufitaUjkept' tbtirgeneral	place of thf

jhire 'together, bat the generalftffions have Been kept in several places firfeverd divifonSy by reafon whereof the mojl part of thejuflices, ef the peace coming not together, no rating of wages, could be well mode m the	faid flnre where	fuchgeneral fejfions have been ufed;	and

fir other ref

V.	Be it  enacted by authority of this present parliament, Ratei of wa-That the justices of peace, or the more part of them, reliant wl,ere in any (hire, or in any riding, liberty or divifion, where fuch

(effions have been ufually feverally kept, shall at any general 0f

feffibns of the peace to be holden for the fame (hire, divifion,

riding or liberty, or at such time of rating of wages as is li- .

mi ted by the said a6l made in the fifth year of her Majesty’s reign,

have as full authority and power to rate all manner of wages to

be rated within such (hire, and within the limits of such divi-

(ion, in any such (hire, riding or liberty, as if the fame were

done in the general feflions for the said county, or by the mod

part of the justices meeting for the rating of wages by the faid

a6t of the fifth year of the late Queen, for the wages men- 5 Eli*, c. 4.

tioned in the fame alt,

Vi, And be it further enaAed, That after the rates made for Proclamation* wages, and engrofled in parchment under the hands and feal.s foal! be made of them, having authority to rate the fame, it shall and may beb£thc (*1CT,<* lawful to the fheriff of the said county, or to the mayor or° * * ra cs 0 chief officer or officer^ of any city or town corporate, to caufe proclamation to be made of the several rates fo rated, in fo many places within their authorities as to them shall feem convenient, and as if the fame had been fet down printed by the lord chancellor or keeper, after declaration thereof to his Ma-jefty, and certificate of the .fame into the King’s moft honourable court of chancery: (2) And that every, person and persons shall, be bqund to obierve.the said rates in giving and receiving wages*' upon the pains and punifhments mentioned in the faid

*	aA. to* be'teeovered* orv j>uni(hment inflicted, as in the said a& is mentionedv

VII.	And furthermore* be it enabled by the authority afore- The forfeiture ' faid, Ttett-if .any dotfaier or. other (hah refute to obey the fayd of a clothier order, nrte'and^aflefline^t of wages as aforesaid, and shall notnot pay»ngthe pay fo,-much br fo great .wages to their weavers, (pinfters, ^^orkinenT workmen or workwomen, as shall be fo fet down, rated and ap-. pointed, according to the true meaning of this a61 \ that then every clothier and other person and persons fo offending, shall

*	forfeit and lofe for every such offence to the party grieved, ten.

(hillings r»‘(a) And that if the (aid offence and offences of not paying fo much or fo gfeat wages to their said workmen, workwomen and others, fluH be CQnfefled by the offender, or that

*	G	2	.the

$4	Anno	fecundo	[vulgo	primo] JACOBI. C. y,f. [1604.

the fame shall he proved by two diffident and iawfhl witness before the jufthres of peace in their quirter-feflions of the peace, the juftiqes of affife in their feflions, or before any two justices of the peace whereof one to be of the ; that theh every inch pofon shall forthwith ftand land be in law convifted thereof : (a) Which said forfeiture of ten shillings shall be levied by didrels and fale of the offender's goods, -by warrant from the find iuftices before whom any such conviftion shall be had*; which fale shall be good in law againd any such offender and offenders.

The rates of VIII. And be it further cnafted, That no perfan or persons incur any danger or penalty for not making certificate unto intone chan- *h« King’s moft honourable court of the chancery, of any rates of eery, bat pro- wages appointed to be certified by the said aft made in the said claimed in the fifth year of the said late Queen, fo as the fame be proclaimed C°g!£yy	according to the true intent of this law; (2) but the said rates

* z* ■ s*	jngroffed in parchment and fealed as aforesaid shall, if the fine

be in any (hire, be kept by the rotulorvm of the (kid county, amongd the records in his cuftody for the said (hire, and in any city or town corporate, amongft the records of the said city Thecontinu- or town corporate. (3) This aft to continue until the end of ance of this	the next parl iament.

A 'lothi be- ' Provided ncvertheleis, and be it enacted by the. authori-ing a juftice of ty aforesaid, That no clothier being a juftice of peace in any peace ftiall be precjnft or liberty, shall be any rater of any wages for any wea-no rater of ver, tucker, (pinner or other artizan that dependeth upon the making of clpth : (2) And in cafe there be not above the num-"cr*’	’	ber of two jultices of the peace within, such precinct or liberty,

•but such as are clothiers that in such cafe, the fame wages shall be rated and a defied by the major part of the common council of such precinct or liberty, and such juftice or justices of peace (if any there be) as are not clothiers. 3	1.	r.4.

til the end of the	firfl fejfton of the next parliament^ and farther con-

tinued by 16 Car. 1. r. 4,

CAP. VII.

An act for the continuance and explanation of the Astute made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign oFthe late Queen Elisabeth, intituled, An act for puniflimerit of rogues, vagabonds and fturdy beggars. Continued h 3 Cor. 1. c. 4.	and furth repeal-

id by is Anna, fiat. a. t.*j. /. sS.

CAP. VIH.

An	all to take dwetythe benefit clefgy for fame kind of

m

Clergy taken /T'0 the end that fobbing and killing nun on the	done

from him that A and committed by many inhumane and wicked persons, in the th* h *b' an°	t*me°f ra&tj drtmkenntfshidden difpleafure, or other pa/Jion of

noTa weapon mind, contrary to the commandment, of Almighty and toe com-drawn.	mon peace end tranquillity of this return-, may from henceforth be re-

Godbolti5+. firained through fear of due punijbment to be inflated such cruel and bloody malefactors, who heretofore have been thereunto emboldntd f^k/pl by prefuming on the benefit of clergy.

Cr. r7.	IL	Bc

(

x€o4.] Annafecuodo [vulgp primo] Jacobi. c.9.	8$

IL' Be k therefore eoaded by foe King’s mod excellent ma-jefty, the kmb (ptritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prefeat parliament aflembled. That every, pcrfon and per-fons which after one month next cnfiling the end of this pre-fent feflion of parliament, shall (tab or thruft any person or per-fons that hath not then any weapon drawn, or that hath no$ then first ftricken foe party which shall ib dab or forud, fb as foe perfoaor persons fo dabbed or thruft shall thereof did within the (pace of fix months then next following, although it cannot be proved that the fame was done of malice forethought, yet foe (arty fo offending, and being thereof convided by ver-di& of twelve men, confeflion or btherwife according to the laws of this realm, (halt be excluded from the benefit of his or their clergy, and fuller death as in cafe of wilful murder.

111.	Provided always. That this ad or any thing therein con- jqqw ,nA-tained, shall not extend to any person or persons which shall kill ther in de-any person or persons ft dejendendo, or by misfortune, or in femce of hira-smy other manner than as arorefiud j (2) nor shall extend to	"?

peribn or pedona which in keeping and prefervmg foe peacepreferojig foe shall ohance to commit maoflaugbter, fo as foe (aid mariflaugh- peace, or ter be not Committed wittingly, willingly and of purpose, yrj- giving cor-der pretext and colour of keeping foe peace; (3) nor shall ex-tend to any person or persons which in chaftinng or corroding bit child or fervant, shall befides Us or their intent and purpose chance to commit manflaugjbter. {4) This ad to continue until the c&d of foe ford feflion of foe next parliament. ty3	Car. u c. 4. and 16. Car. 1. c. 4.

CAP. IX.

An aft to	refiraintbe inordinate haunting and tipling in	y

aleboufes, and other viflualling-boufes.

WHEREAS the ancient, true and principal uft of inns, ale- The one and boufit and	vidJuaHipg^houfes was for the relief and PF'.nciPal *Jfe

lodging of wayfaring people travelling from place to place, and for ^houfes. fudi fupplj of	the wants	of fitch people as are not able by greater

' titles to make their provision of victuals, and not meant for entertainment and harbouring of lewd and idle people to fpend and con-fume their money and their time in lewd and drunken manner ■'

11. Be it therefore cnaded by the King’s mod excellent Ma- The forfeiture jefty, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this ofanalehouie-crefent parliament aflembledr and by the authority of the fame, nJjtthig'oneto That if after forty days next enfuing after the end of this pre- continue un-fent feflion of parliament, any inn-keeper, vidualler or ale- lawful drink-houfe-keeper, within this realm of England or the dominion of ing *n hi' Wales, do permit or differ any peribn or persons inhabitingand ho,“^-1 c JO> dwelling in any city, town corporate, market-town, village or ] car. 1. c. 4/ hamlet, within this realm of England or dominion of Wales, Farther pnrvi-where any such inn, ale-houft or tipling-houfe is or shall be, to J*** remain and continue drinking or tipling in the Paid inn, vidual-	a*

Img-houfe,tipling-honfe or ale-houfe $ (2) other than such as 1	‘ *'	**

(hall be invited by any traveller, and shall accompany him only

G 3	during

u

One mntnefs jujjkitnt.

%i Jac. s. c.7. i. 1. v

dve prices o£ ale and beer (pld in aif inn or alehoufe.

'i6b%r “ lxHJiV*

Arino secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi: C;$Jx

dicing his neceflary abode there; (3) afrid otfitf foaW®

and bandicraftfmen in cities and towns corpora^, dnin_______

towns, upon the ufual working-days, "for cjmie?ho^»^ time tp t^ke their diet in an ale-hdufp ; (4)l knd other	*

bpurers and workmen, which for the following of the day or by the great, in any .‘city, town cotpbrtfttv town pi village, shall for the time of'their feia^	:

work there, fojourri, lodge or vidlual in any inn, afe-hc^R? other vi&ualling-houfe : (5) Other than for urgent iiitf nfecelt*^ fary pccafions to be allowed by two justices of peace .' Thatr then every such inn-keeper, victualler or alehoufe-kcepV, fliall fqr every such offence forfeit and lofe the liun of ten shillings of current money of England\ to the ufe of the poor of'the parifh: where Xuch offence shall be committed ; (6; the fame offence bping viewed and feen by any mayor, bailiff or Juftice of peace, within their several limits, or proved by the oath of‘two Wit-: neffes to be taken before any mayor, bailiff or any other headr officer, or any one or more juftice or Juftices of the peace, who: by virtue of this a<5t shall be authorized to minifter the said oath to any person or persons that can or will juftify the feme, being within the limits of their said commiffion.

III. And be it funher enacted by the .authority aforefald, Th^it if any inn-keeper, alehoufe-keeper or vidtuanef,* shall at any time utter or fell lefs than one full ale-quart of the best beer or ale for a penny, and of the fmall two quarts for one penny, that* then every such inn-keeper, alehoufe-keeper or victualler, shall forfeit tor every such offence, being duly proved ' in manner above limited, the fum of twenty shillings of lawful money of England to the ufe abovefaid: (a; All atid every the laid penalties to be levied by the conftables or church-wardens o£ the pari(h or parifhes where the offence or offences shall be committed, by way of diftrefs to be taken and detained for the said forfeitures, and’'for default of fatisfadtion within fix days next enfuing, jthe fame then to be prefently* apprifed aridfolo,* and the furplufage or remainder over and above to be delivered

The penalty of the conftables or churchwardens omitting their duty.

to the party of whom the diftrefs was taken; (3) and'for want of fufficient diftrefs the party or parties offenaing to be by the mayor, bailiff, or other head officer, or juftice or justices afore-faid, committed to the common gaol, there to remain until the said penalty or penalttes be truly paid.

IV. Ana be it further  enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if the conftables or churchwardens do negleft their duty in levying. Or do not levy the said several penalties/or in default of diftrefs or diftrefles, from time to time do neg3e<5t to certify the fame default of diftrefs by thefpace of twenty days then next enfuing, to the mayor, bailiff, other head officer or juftice of peace within whofe jurifdicftion the offence is committed, then every person and persons fo offending foaH forfeit for every such default the fum ot forty shillings of current money of England, to the ufe of the poor of the pari(h where such offence shall be committed; (2) to be levied by way of diftrefs .	*	of

i6o4*J Anno fccpndo [vulgp primo} Jacobi, c.9.	%7

of the offender’s goods, by warrant from any one dr more juf* tke or justices of the peace* • piaydr, bailiff, or other, head officer,,within the limits of their jurifdldions refpedively, under his or their hand and Zeal, to be taken and detained for the said forfeitures, for tjie fpace of fix days then next enfuing:

Within which time if payment be not made, the fame goods to be prefendy apprifed and fold, and the furplufage and remainder over and above (if any be) to be delivered to the party of whom the diftrds was taken; (3) and for want of such fumci-ent diftrefs the conftables, church-warden or church-wardens fo offending, to be by the mayor, bailiff, or other head officer,	.

juftice or justices of peace, committed to the common gaol, eonftaUe there to remain until the said penalty or penalties be truly paid; wwdeR’s*c-

(4)	for all which penalties which R> shall be levied by the fard couqt; conftables or church-wardens, they the said conftables and church-wardens shall be accountable to their fucceflors and other the pariftiioners, in such fort as they ufually be in other church-reckonings or accounts: (5) And for all forfeitures to be levied by realbn pf any negled of the conftables or churchwardens, thofe shall be accountable who by force of any warrant or precept do levy the fame, or upon the enlargement of persons committed do receive the Came.	„

•	V. And be it further enaded, That all other laws and fta- s & * Ed! 6* tutes touching inn-keepers, victuallers and alehoufe-keepers, c. 25.

fhall (till remain in their former force, and be put in due execu- The continu-' tion. (2) This aft to continue to the end of the first feffion of ance of this the next parliament.	ftatute.

•	VI. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority of offences com-this prelent parliament. That the correction and puniftiment of mitted wiribia such as shall offend against this ad or any part thereof, within *.hc univcrfi-either of the two univerfities of this realm or theprecinds or li- €l# berties of the fame, shall be done upon the offenders, and

juftice shall be miniftred in this behalf, according to the intent aqd tme meaning of this law, by the governors, magiftrates, justices pf the peace or other principal officers of either of the fame univerfities, to whom in other cafes the adminiftration of juftice, and correction and puniftiment of offenders by the laws of this realm and their several charters doth belong or appertain, and that no other within their liberties, for any matter concerning this law, contrary to their several charters, do intermeddle; (2) apd that all penalties and fums of money to be forfeited or loft by force of this ad, within either of the } univerfities or the liberties or precinds of the fame shall be levied by the officers or minifters of either of the said univerfities, to be from time to time in that behalf appointed by the vice-chancellors thereof for the time being refpedively; (3) and'that all powers and authorities either of imprifonment or . otherwise before given or appointed by this suft, shall by the governors, magiftrates and principal officers abovesaid of either of the said univerfities, be duly executed and done within either pf the said univerfities and the liberties and precinds of the

G 4	fam$.

to	Ann** fissmob •[ wdgaprip#c^ Jaoqj*. ,	,q,[fi^o^

fttne, acoordine w th& mao intent a^owenfog^tid*

Madeperpetual by d\ Jac. t. 7./ i-.	- .• •- *

cap. x. ‘ : ' f-”:..;-. •

An a%fqr	fbe. better execution of jufticp., , J

Nothing (halt TT'Orafmuch <w <*# exactions,	corruptions	^trerOdimfy

tte«Mftof * *	prohibited in ail well governed, cemnumvoedthc, (ajlflit %

caufereferred	That	no person to whom any order or-eaufettwllb§.

byany court. tommirted or referred by any of die Kind’s, mdges/o* courts.

at Wefimixfier, or any other court, shall dtrocHy or-MrifircfiJy^ or by any aft, fbift, oolpur or device, have, w&e. or teceiv®.

* afly mqoey, fee, reward, covenant, obligation, promife, agteo-meat or any other thing, for his report or certificate by writing.

Or. otberwife.; (3.) upon pain, of the forfeiture of ope. hundred pounds for every such report or certificate, and to.be derived of his office and place in the fame court ; (4) tfaeone ipousyof the Aid forfeitures to be to our fovereign lord the King, bis heks, and to welfare, the other moietv to the party gneveowbich wiH foe for the fame, at any time during the said writ, or within one year after die fame caufe difeontinued or decreed; and in his, default of filch fuit, to-him or them that will fuc forthe fame, by original writ, bill, plaint or information, in his Majesty’sr high court of ftar-charober, or in any his Majesty’s courts of record at Jffrfiptittjltr, in which fuit, by writ, bill, plaint or information, no wager of law, efloin, privilege, fuperfedeasj, pcotedlion, or any other delay, shall be fuffered. or admitted.

The elotk’* . II. Provided neverthelefs, That it fhal) be lawful for the f«e* for writ- clerk to take for his pains for writing of every, such report or, cer-5ng a report. ££,jate twelve pence for the first fide, and two pence for every fide after, and no more, upon pain to forfeit ten drillings for, every peny taken over and above the said fuin, to be had arid, recovered as aforesaid.

CAP. XL

An aft to refirain all per fans from marriage until their farmer wives and former bujbands be dead.

Felony to mar- t/Orafmuch as divers evil persons being married, runout ** o.ftC<?n<* * °f	wt ctuntX	i*10another,or into places where they are. not

wte thefbr- inown,and there become to be married, having another husband or iner’being "	wife, living, to the great	dijhon of God, and utter of di-

living.	vers konfft nte.ni children,and others’, (2) Be it therefore enacted

1 Ed. 6. c. i». by the King’s majesty, wjth the confent of the fords fpiritual f lnft 8* sndr.temjwral, and of the commons, in this prefiant parliament C,0. Eli*, h- sfleoibied, That if any person or persons within his Majesty’s March 101. dominions, of England and being married, or which Kelyng79,8o. hereafter shall marry, do at any time after-the end of the feflion ■ -	of this present parliament, marry any person or. perfons* the

former hulbapd or wife being alive; that then every such offence shall-be felopy, and the person and persons fo offending shall Aiffpr. death as in Cafes of felony (3) and the party and parties fo gffendfog foeU receive such and the like proceeding,

trial •

i(o*’!T AnBQ.fecgn<ifa [vuigoprimo] Jacobi. C. 12,13.	89,

trial «q4	i«eb cimn*y where fiich. perfcm. or-perfoos

lh^Il be apprehended, as if. the offence h?d been committed in such covwfiy whew such person or pe^fons shall be taken or apprehended.	..

1,1. Provided always, That this a&, nor any thing therein The hulband contained. flwil extend, to any person or persons whole husband or »Me being or wife shall be continually remaining beyond the teas hy the aweatfeven fjpgco of (even years together, oc whofe hulband or wife shall abfent him or nerfelf the one from the other hy the (pace of feyeo Years together, in any parts within his Majesty’s dominions, theope of them not knowing the other to be living- within that time-

HL Provided alio, and be it enabled by the authority, afore* To stitatper-isud. That, this adh nor aay. thing herein contained, shall ex- fonM*'“, toid to any person or persons that are or shall be at the time of such marriage divorced by any fentence had or hereafter to be had in the ecclefialtical covet; (2) or to any person or persons Wibeie die former marriage hath been or hereafter shall be by fentence in the ecclefiaftioal court declared to be void and of no effect; nor to any person or persons for or by realbn of any former marriage bad or made, or hereafter to he had or made, within ago	of confeoa*	No corruption

. I Vi Provided alfo. That no attainder for this offence made of blood, lots felony by this adl, shall make or wojrk any corruption of blood,

Joft d* dower, or difinherifon of heir or- heirs.

CAP.	XII.	REP. 9Geo.

An aft against conjuration,	stitchcraft and deaBjag with evil and wicked ». c. 5.

(pints. The penalty fpr pra&ifing of iqvoparioq or conjuration 1	5	Eliz. c. 16.

Conjuration or invocation,' whereby any person is killed or lamed. Cmrptu Declaring by stitchcraft, where any thing is hidden, procuring unlaw- Cknltt, <voi. *. £ul lave, &c. The fecoadotienca Wony. No forfeiture of dower or Cod-9.Tit.1S. inheritance. Trial of a. peer of the realm.	3	Inft. +5,118.

CAP. XIII.

An act for new executions to be fued against any which shall hereafter be delivered out' of execution by privilege of parliament % and for difebarge of them out of whofe cuftody fiich persons jhall be delivered.

FOrafmuch as hertofore doubt bath been wade* if any person being

arrefted in execution* and by privilege of either of the houfts of ^6 i* dif-parliauifnt Jet at liberty, whether the party.at whofe Juit such exeat- charged by ‘ tion was purfued* be for ever after barred and dyabled to fue forth privilege of a new writ of execution in that cafe:	parliament.

II.	For the avoiding of ail further doubt and trouble which ip like cafes may hereafter enfue, Be it  enacted by the King's mod excellent roajefiy, by the lords fpiritual and temporal* and hy the commons, in this present parliament aifcmbled, That fro.m henceforth the party at or by whofe fuit such writ of execution was purfued, his executors or adminifcqtots, after such time as the privilege of that feilion of parliament in which such privilege shall be U> granted (ball ceafe, may fue forth and execute a new writ, or wxitt of execution, in such manner and;

:	:	‘	form

go

Anno secundo [volgo primo] Jacobi. C.i4*15. [1604.

form as by the law of this realm he or they might 'have dooie,

. if no such former execution had been taken forth or ferved: He Ball never (2) and that from henceforth no (hcriff,'bailiff,. or other cffi-cer, from whole arreft or cuftody any such person foarrefted in cu^odyfuch execution shall be delivered by any such privilege, (hfdl be prifoaerOiall charged or chargeable with or by any adion whatfoever, for m delivered, delivering out of execution any such privileged perfon, fo as is aforeftud by such .privilege of parliament let at liberty; any-law, custom or privilege heretofore to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

Cenfure in. III. Provided always, That, this act, or any thing ’therein lifted upon., contained, shall not attend to the diminifhing of any'punilh-ilreft a par- ment *° ** hereafter by cenfure in parliament inflicted upon U ament-man. «ty person which hereafter shall make or procure to be made any such arreft as is aforesaid.

CAP. XIV.

A remedy for a freeman of London to recover a debt not exceeding forty shillings owing to him by another inhabiting within the (kid city or the liberties: a penalty if the debtor do not .appear before the commiifio-ntrs upon warning i or if the creditor or debtor do not perform their •order*) or if the creditor, being a freeman of London, do iue any other freeman out of the Dune city for a debt under forty shillings. Repealed by I Jac. i.c. 15.

CAP. XV.

An act for the better relief of the creditors against such as shall become bankrupts.

An fxpofitipn TT'OR that frauds and	as new	daily	a-

and addition X1 mtngfi fiub as livt by buying and /tiling, to tht hindrance of t?£*?*tote traffick and mutual tor,mette,and to the general hurt of the realm, roa^ by futbas witiedly and wilfitlfy become bankrupts: (2) imdfor that H.t.c. 4. M the defeription of a bankrupt in former fiatutes is not fo fully exprtf-13 Elis. c. 7. fed, nor the power given thereby to the eonrnujfionert for bankrupts ft. large, as is meet in futb tafes of deeeit, to prevent the	actions of bankrupts:

Whoftall be D. For remedy whereof, be it therefore enacted by our fo-adjudged a vereign lord the King, and.by the lords fpirituai and temporal,; bankrupt. and commons, at this present parliament aflembled, and by /	,34‘	t*lc authority of the fame, That all and every such person and

peStdh»» perfon* ufing or that shall ufe the trade of merchandise, by Annas, c. ij. way of bargaining, exchange, bartry, chevifance, orotherwile i- *.•	in grofs, or by retail, or feeking his, her, or their trade of living by buying and felling, end being a fubjedt-bom of-this realm or any the King’s dominions, or denizen, who at any time fithence the first day of this present parliament, or at any time hereafter, shall depart the realm, (2) or begin to keep his or her house or houses or otherwise to absent him or her self, or take sanctuary, (3) or suffer him or herself willingly to be arrested for any debt, or other thing not grown or due for money delivered, wares fold, or any other juft or lawful caufe, or good confideration or purposes

1604J} Anno fecOhdb^[vulgo prime] Jacobi, c.15. gi

(4) ot hath or wifl fuffet him or Jicr felf * to	oat-

lav&d;1 or yield hilri or hCffelf to prifon, (5)'or willingly or* fratWoIeritly hath or shall procure him dr her ftlf to be arrested, vor his or herfrdodi, money or chattels to be attached* or'Tequettredi ^fe) or depart from his or her dwelling-houfe,"

(7)	or htdfee .br caufe to be'made any fraudulent grant , or ' conveyance of his, her or their lands, tenements, goodr or chattels; (8) to the intent, or whereby hk, her of their ’creditors^ bbing fiibje<fts born as aforesaid, shall or may be defeated or delayed for the recovery of their juft and true'debts*

(9) or being arrefted for debt, shall after his or her arreft lie in prifon fix months or more upon that arreft, or lipon any other arreft or detention in prifon for debt, and fie' m prifon fix months upon such arreft of detention, (10)'

shall be accounted and adjudged a bankrupt to all intents and purposes.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority of this The like com* pfefent parliament. That the like commiffions, orders, be- ndfltons, °f* nefits and remedies which are and be provided and limited by a^re^edies the find former a<ft of parliament (.made in 13 rtuper Eliz. ** be provid-Regina) against any bankrupt therein . described, or for or ed for bank-concerning-his, her or their lands, tenements, hereditaments, ™pts fees, annuities, offices, goods, chattels, wares, 'merchandizes	-

and debts, or any of them, shall be had, purfued, taken and * Bulftr. %V. expounded against such person and perfohs that are herein ex-

E* retted to be bankrupts, his, her and their lands, tenements, ereditaments, fees, annuities, offices, goods, chattels, wares, merchandizes and debts, in such like manner and form a* the fame ought or might have been, if the persons herein deferibed to be bankrupts, had been deferibed to be bankrupts according to the intent of the said former ftatute.

• IV. And that it shall be lawful for any of the creditors of the New creditors

faid bankrupt within four months after any such commiffion partakers with

lhall be fued forth, and until diftribution shall be made by

the said commiffioners for the payment of' the bankrupt’s	\77\1%

debt, as in such cafe hath been uled, to partake and join

with the other creditors that shall fue fortn any such com- .

million, for fatisfa&ion and payment of his, her or their debts, to him or them owing, without any hindrance, let

or cHfturbance of any of the fame coirnniffioners, or of any

of the other creditors of any such bankrupts, the fame

creditors To coining in, to contribute tb the charges of the

(aid commiffion; (2) and that if the creditors come not in

within four months, then the commiffioners to have power to

diftribute.

V. Be it further cna&ed* That if any person which here- A bankrupt

aftet is or shall be a bankrupt by intent of this ftatute, shall conveying his *	•	r	^	c	•	lands or goods

convey, or procure or caufe to be conveyed, to any of his to ot^er£ ol. children or other person or persons, any manors, lands, te- transferring nements, hereditaments, offices, fees, annuities leafes, goods, bis debts into

chat-

%

9*

other mens names. Stiles. 288.

3 Wras, 238, 299'.

In what cafe he that doth withdraw himfelf fliall be proclaimed a bankrupt.

A bankrupt

apprehended, which upon warning re-fufeth to appear.

Anno secundo fvulgo prime} Jacobs c.i& [1604.

chattels, or transfer his debts into other mens names; (4) except the fame (haH be purchafed, conveyed or transferred for or upon marriage of any of his. or her ceildreot, both the par* ties married being of the years of content, or fome valuable, conhderatfon, (3) ihall be in the power and authority of the commiffioners on this behalf to be appointed, or the more part of them, to bargain, fell, grant, convey^ demiie, or o-therwife to difpofe thereof, in as ample manner-as if the laid bankrupt had been actually feized or pofleffed thereof, or the. debts were in his own name, of the like eftate or intereff to hie or their own ufe, at such time as he or (he became bankrupt: (4). and that every such grant, bargain, file, conveyance and dHpofition of the (aid. commiilioners, or of the greater part of them, ihall be good and available to all intents, conftruc-tions and purposes in. the law, against the offender or offenders^ his heirs, executors, adminiftrators and afligns, and facb children and persons as ffiall be fubjedt to this ftatuee, and acainft alf other person and persons claiming by, from or under such offender or offenders, or such (aid other persons, to whom foch conveyance shall be made by the laid bankrupt, or by his means, or procurement.

YL And far that the pratfall of bankrupts, of'late art fa ferret, and fa fubtil) as that they can very bar dip be found out or brought *4 fybt-y la) and far that the former fiatutey giving pouter to the cmmffaoners to examine, others than the bankrupts, hath not fully ok fuffidently authorized them to examine the faidbankrupt upon oath: (r) for remedy whereof, be it further  enacted by the authority of this present parliament, That the said commiflionew may call before them, or the greater part of them, the said bankrupt; (4). and if upon lawful warning left or made in writing at throe several times at the dwelling-place or houfe where the said bankrupt, his wife or family, for the moft part of his abode, did lodge or remain within one’year next before he, ihe or they became bankrupt, the said bankrupt (ball not ap* pear before foe said commiffioners, or the greater part of them; that then and from thenceforth it (ball be lawful for the greater number of the said commiilioners to appoint to proclaim the said party a bankrupt, at such pubiick place or. places where the said commiffioners or the greater part of them Ihall think meet, warning him, her or them, to appear before them..upon the said coromiffion at fome time appointed; (5) and that if upon five several proclamations made in fome pubiick place, the party, offending appear not before the said commiffioners, and yield his, her or their bodies to them or fome of them, foe laid commiffioners, or the greater part of them, shall or may award a warrant to such nt person or persons as they foink meet, to apprehend the body and bodies of the (aid offender and offenders, and to bring him, her or them fo offending, before the said commiffioners, wherefoever the said party or parties offending may be found? ip place privileged or

1604.D Anno ftcundd [vulgo primo] Jacobi, c. 15;	$$

not, to be examined by the {aid commiffioners or the greater partof them.

VII.	And that it {hat) be lawful for the said commiflio- The examiners, or the greater part of them, to examine the said offen-

dtr or offenders, Upon such interrogatories touching the Danknq>t‘ lands, tenements, goods, chattels, debts, bids, bonds, books . of accptfctt, and such other things, as may tend to difcbffe his, her or their eftate, or their fccret grants, conreyan-ccs, and doming of his, her or their lands, tenements', goods, money, and debts, as they shall think meet.

VIII. And that if therein the offender or offenders fhafl a bankrupt refufe to be examined or to anfwer folly to every interne- refufing to gatory to him to be miniftred by the said commiffionCrs, an^wer-

or the greater part of them, it mail be tawful for the said commifnoners, or the greater part of them, to commit the laid offender or offenders to fome (trait or clofe imprifon-tnetit, there to remain until he, (he or they shall better conform him or-herfelf.

IX.	And that if upon his, her Or their examination, rt The puni&-fhafll appear* that he, (he or they have committed any wil-ot a Ful or corrupt perjury, tending to the hurt or damage of commhtLe the creditors of the said bankrupt, to the value or ten perjiary. 8 pounds of lawful money of England, or above, the party fo v offending shall or may thereof be indifbed in any of the Kittg^s tnajfcfly’s courts of record, and being lawfully convidted thereof shall (land upon the pillory in fome publick place by the

fpace of two hours, and have one of his ears nailed to the pillory and cut off.

X. And whereas by the firmer Jlatutemade in the said -thirteenth M El. t. 7. year tf the reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, the arnmiffioners

bankrupts have power given to them to fend fir	ptrfen or per-

fons as the creditors fall biota,fuppofe or Jufpefl to , detain or keep any part of the money, good', chattels or debts of the said offender or offenders, or to be indebted to the said offender or offenders, to be examined by the said torbrnffioners, as by the fameJlatute appeared, hut have not good means or remedy by imprtfonment or other penalty,to procure the perTon	fo font for by them to appear before

them, ner having appeared before them, to make	upon	Ms

oath to Jutb interrogatories as fall be mmiftred unto him by the fad

eommijjmtrs,fir and upon the fpecialty, certainty, true and	knowledge offuch	lands, tenements, , goods, debts

or other things, of any such offender or offenders, as be or fall be, or which fall he JufpeCted to be, in his cufiod, or poffeffan, or in the cujlody,	ufe or poffejjton of any other to his knowledge, and of ail

debts doing to or for the benefit of fitch offender or offenders, by bimftlf or by any other to his knowledge', (2} as many times a great part of the offender or offenders lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods, chattels or debts, which by the tine intent of the said fiatutefiould be employed to the fatisfaftion of	of the	of-

fender or offenders, are concealed or detained in the fon arid persons as refufe to come, or being come refufe to be fworn,

before

94

Examination of such as have bankrupts goods, or be indebted unto them

The punifli-ment of such as will not appear, or not iwear to an-fwer to interrogatories.

$ Mod. 309*

Anboiectmdo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c.i$.	[1G&4I

before the said commiffioners, to be examined?** that htbdfyto the great encouragement of all bankrupts and their ioicked confederates and auejforiesi 'and'to the great hindrance of the juft 'remedies of the creditors of the said bankrupts, for their true and juft debts to them owing: (3) for remedy whereof, be it farther enabled bli the authority afbrefaid. That if any perfon' or perfbm being known, fuppofed or fufpefted to have or detain any part of the lands, tenements of. hereditaments,. goods, 'chattels of . debts of thie (aid bankrupt, or to be'indebtcd to or for the benefit of the said bankrupt, shall after lawful warning to the said person or perfbns given, to come before the said coirtmiA fioners or the greater part of them, to be examined'according to the intent of the said ftatute, refufe to come, or shall not come before the said commiffioners at the time appointed, having no lawful impediment (fuch. as shall be admitted arid .allowed of by the said commiffioners or the more part of them, and which shall be then fignifidd or made known to the said commiffioners*at the time of their afiembly;} (4) or that any such perfon- or .perfons, having knowledge or warning ‘ of any other aflembly or meeting of the said commiffioners a-’-gain, shall not come and appear before them at such time as he or (lie lawfully may come, having no . such lawful impediment as shall be then made known to the said commiffioners, and by them admitted and allowed of, as' aforesaid j {5) or 'being come before them shall refufe to be fworn, and to make anfwer to such interrogatories as shall be miniftred unto him .or them, according to the true intent arid meaning of the said statute made in the said thirteenth year Of the reign of our said late fovereign • lady Queen Elizabeth, of of this prefent aft; (6) that then it shall be lawful for the said commiffioners, or for the greater part of them, to commit to such ward and .prifon, as to them or to the greater part of them shall be . .thought meet, all such person and perfbns as shall fo refufe to be fworn, and make anfwer to such interrogatories as shall be To miniftred as aforesaid, (7) and also to direft their warrants to such person or persons as to them or the greater part of them shall be thought meet, to apprehend and arreft such person or persons as (hail refufe to come and appear before them, as aforesaid, and to bring him, her or them before the" said .cfommiffioners, or the greater part of them, to be examined as abovesaid, (8) and upon his, her or their refufal to come, or to be examined before the (aid commiffioners, as aforesaid, to commit the said party fo refufing, to such prifon as the said commiffioners, or the greater part of them, shall think meet, there to remain without bail or mainprize, unttf fufch time as the (aid person fo refufing to come, or to be1 fworn to anfwer before the said commiffioners, shall fubmit' him or • her felf to the said commiffioners, and be by them examined, according to the true intent of the (aid statute and of this prefent aft.

XI. Pro*

1604.} Annp fequndp fvulgo primoj Jacobi.	95

XL PmHtd always. That fiich witnefles as shall fq be feat. Witnefles al-for,. (ball -have such cofts and charged as the ?ommi(fiobers in tbeir their difcrption shall think fit; the fame charges to be rateably COIts’ bom by the creditors of the said bankrupt, according to the proportion of each of their fevend debts: (a) and if ariy per* The penalty fon or persons, other than the bankrupt, either by fuborna- of others be* • tion, . unlawful procurement, finifter perfiiafion, or means the b&nh-of any others, or by his own a<ft, confent or agreement, shall wilfully and corruptly commit anv manner of wilful perjury by his depofition to bcs taken before the said commiffioners, or the greater part of them, as aforesaid; that then the party or parties fo offending, and all and every person and persons that lhaH unlawfully and corruptly procure any such unlawful, wilful and corrupt perjuiy, shall or may therefore be indi&ed. in any of the King’s majesty’s courts of record, (3) and after his or their conviction thereof, shall incur such forfeiture, and receive and futfer such pains and puniihment, as are li-mked by the statute made concerning .perjury in the fifth year of the reign of our . late fovereign lady * Queen 5 Blw. c. 9-Elizabeth*

XIL And be it further enafled, That all and every futn Who	nm

and fums of money which shall be forfeited by* force of this cover the fori preient ad, (haU be fued for and recovered by the said credi1 feitures, and tors only, or any of them that will fue for the lame, by adion ho* they (haU of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of the King’s ma- impoy thcm* jetty’s courts of record; and the fum or fums of money fo recovered, the charges of fuit being deduded, shall be diftri-buted and divided towards the payment of the laid creditbrs of the bankrupt.

XIII, And for that the power and authority given to the cmmif- The authority /toners of bankrupts touching the debts due to the said bankrupts, is of commiflio-not fo full and perfeft, as that the full benefit thereof in due courfe 5c[lst5ucl,t,ng might be employed to the ufe of the said creditors, as was intended; bankrupt. ° * {2) for remedy thereof, be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That the commiflioners of bankrupts, or the greater part of them, shall have power to grant and affign, or other* wife to order or difpofe all or any of the debts due or to be due to or for the benefit of the said bankrupt, by what person 1 Salk. to*, or persons foever, or in what manner and form foever, to the ufe of the creditors of the (aid bankrupt,' according to the true intent of -the said former recited statute of bankrupts; (3) and that the fame grant, alignment or difpofition of the fain debts, in form aforesaid to be made by the said commifilqners, or the greater part of them, shall fo veil the property, right and in- '	1

tereftof the said debt and debts, in the person or persons of him, her or them, to whom it shall be granted, afligned or ordered by the said commiiSoners or the greater part of them, as fuUy to all intents and purposes as if the (aid bill, bond, bonds, statutes, recognizances, judgment or contract, whereupon the said debt or debts, deed or deeds shall arise or grow, had been made to or with, or for the said person or persons to

whom

$6	Anrtd	fccuhdo	^^ulgo	jinitho}	jACbSi. i.ij. f-i-C&f,.

Whtim the fame Audi Be fo gKHfeA; affigtto) (ft	tyfoer

faid c^riifnifliott'ers; (4) and that aftfer ?u6h gtiant^ IMBghmfrht dr Wpdlition made' of the find dfebtS, that nehhtf tlfe bankrupt, ntfr any dttidr to Whom any Tu£h debt Ihallbfc dufc, ffnfll have power to recover the fame, nor td make any Me^ft dr Theremcdy diftharge thereof; (5) neither shall the fartie be 4ttaeh& wrtorSo^tt- d^b* °f the bankrupt, dr such said other person or petfonS to ? bankrupt's Whom the fame shall be due, by any other person or perfdhs, debt affigned according to the cuftotti of the city of Londoh 'or otftbrwift, (*6) to him by the but that the party or parties to whom the fame dpt*' (hill be oommiffio- fo affigned, shall have like remedy to recover the fame, is fully ana lawfully, in the name or names df the person dr periods to whom the fame shall be fo grafted, affigned dr ordered By the said commiffibners, in all refpedti atad piiipofes a§ thd party himfclf might have had; any law, ftatutfc, ufe Of cuflom to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftari'd-ing.

XIV. Provided always, T^hat no debtor of the bankrupt be hereby endangered for the payment of his or Tier debt truly and bona fide to any such bankrupt, before such time as he shall underftana or know that he is bfccdrite a

bankrupt.

CommlfTio- XV. Provided also, and be, it ftirther enabled, Thatft (lich new (bail de- df the laid commifliohers as shall put the Takl coihrhiffibn ih b^kruDt^how cxecuti°n> shall upon lawful requeft fo them fttadfc By the said they have be- bankrupt, not only make a true declaration to the Wd bartk-ftowed his rupts, of the employing and bellowing of his, hef 6Y ttttlt lands and said lands, tenements and hereditaments, offices, goods, goods. wares, money, chattels and debts which shall be paid add fatisfied to their said creditors, as is in like cafe limited or appointed by the said Former statute made in the said thirteenth year of the said late Queers rhjyefty’s feign, but also make payment of the overplus of the	if	any

foch lhall oe, to the said bankrupts, their executors, ad-miniftrators and affighs; (2) and that the said bankrupts, after the full fatisFa&ion of the said creditors, friall have full power and authority to recover and receive the refidue and remainder of the debts to th6m owing; any thing in this a<£t contained to the contrary in any wife hptwith-• ftanding.

XVI,	j$e it further enacted, lliat if any action oF .trefpafs or other Tuit shall happen hereafter to be brought against arfy 13 feliz. c. 7.. commiffioner authorized by the statute made in decimo lertio of our late Tovereign lady Queen Elizabeth, for bankrupts', or any other person or persons having authority by virtue or under the commilSon authorizing the said commiffioner for the doing or executing of any matter by force of the said ftatute, or this prefabt ftatute, that the defendant or defeh-Tbecomroif- dants in anv such a&ion or fuit, may plead not guflfy, (2) fioners plea in or othcrwUe juftify, that the a6t or thing whereof the

plain-

ife*.] Aw	primp] Jappw,

fidwr qSthft (aid #$«» \wd without enforcing him or them to (hew forth ,their copwwflfoo authorising we find or fbiflgi U) whepeontp the plaintiff flwll he Admitted to reply, that d>e defendant didtl^e laid fa<ft fuppofed ia the declaration, of hi? own wrong,, without any such oaule ad- . iedged Jby the Add defender; whereupon the iffrie in such adbpn foil he joined to he tried by vcrdiift of twelve mea>

<5),aod upon the trial of that j$e, the whole mattef to he sprat- oo hpth parties m evidence, according to the very . tnith' of the fame; (6) and if yerdifit upon loch idue Wall pais Apr .the defendant^ the defendant to havp his pofts-	t	.

XVH. Provided-always, and be it further enacted. That Thecommif-^ftejr ady WtH’niffioh <°f haokrupts hereafter Wed forth, .and fionersjh*11 dealt ia by the ooomuffmners,. the offender, happen to dte execution0 before the. commiffcopers (lull diftribute the goods, lands and though the debts of the offenders or .any of .them, .by force of the afore- bankrupt die. faid- statute of the thirteenth, year of the reign of our late fo-pcpelgO lady. Qpeen JEli&bethf and -this statute or either of CaT Temp. them, th><i thqn oevertHelefs the -faid cammiflioners Hvdl hod may in .that-cafe proceed in execution, in and .upon the f^d.pommiftien Apr amf .concerning the offenders goods, lands, tenement^, betoditaments and .debts, in such fort as they might have done -if the pafiy offender were living. 21 Jac. jr *9.	...

CAPXVI.

■An aff concerning wherrmen and watermen.

FORASMUCH at it hath often	that	divers	and	Whit apprtn-

fundry people pajfing by water ilpOn river of Thames be- tice or fervant tween Wind for and Gravefcnd, have been put tn great hazard * wherriman and danger of the lofs of their lives and	g and many times have Swage.**

perijhed and beeri drowned in thi said fiver; through the uhjkilfulmfs 6 H. *. c.7. and want of knowledge or experience in the wherrimen or watermen; * & ? Ph.&M. that did tranfport or carry them and their said goods from place to c- **• plate upon too said river, in wherries', ana barges: f 2) and for that hithertp there hpth' not been any fufficient provifon had pnd'made for remedy herein-, be iT now enacted and eftablifhed by the King's moft excellent piajefty, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and >y the authority of the .fame. That from henceforth no wherliman or waterman that now Is, or that hereafter shall be, and /hall row upon the said river of Thames and (haH tranfport or carry any pafleogers or goods in any wherries, tiltboats or barges, (other than weftern barges, mflboats, and all other venels ordinarily ferving for other ufes than the carrying of j^ailengersj shall retain or take any fervant or apprentice to

Vol. VII.

H

ferve

98 Anno secundo [rulgo primo] Jacobi, c.ifir,

fcrvc him as a waterman upon the find river, Udbfs the fidd wherriman or waterman that fo lhiB retain, take or have any Aich fervant, (hail have been an apprentice to a wherri-man or waterman by the (pace of me years before such What water- retaining: (3) and further, that no wherriman or waterman men only may that now is, or that hereafter shall be, upon the faM river JSaSTrf Thames, shall retain, have, keep or take any petfon cef, and whator persons to ferve him to row upon the said river,' as fort of perfona his apprentice, unlefsthe said person fo to be retained or to they may re- become an apprentice, (halt then be of the age of eighteen 'rttiJkd y**™ at the lean, and shall be retained and bound to his tnaf-4 Anns, c, ij.tcr t° ferve upon the (aid river, for and during the term of f. i.	feven	years at the leaft; (4) upon pain that every person or

perfons doing the contrary shall from time to time, for every such offence, forfeit the (urn of ten pounds of lawful Englijb money; the one half whereof shall be unto.our said fovereign lord the King,' his heirs and fucceilbrs, and the other half unto any person or persons that will fue for the lame m any of the courts of record of our said fovereign lord the King, bis heirs or fuccefiors, by adtion of debt, fuit, bill, plaint or information, in which no wager of law; effoin, protection, or other delay shall be admitted or allowed.

Wberrimens II. Provided always. That this adt, nor any thing therein font excepted, contained, shall extend to the (bn or fens wnich now are, or hereafter shall be, of anv wherriman or waterman above-faid (being of the age of uxteen years at the leaft; and of convenient growth and ftrength) that formerly hath Been; or that hereafter shall be trained and brought up m lowing, or have or hath accullomed to row upon the said river,* and there have ufed or shall u&. to tranfport or carry paffengers from place to place; (2) but that all and every such fon or fons shall and may from time to time from henceforth be admitted and allowed to ferve, and may ferve upon the said riyer, and there tranfport or carry paffengers from place to place 'as ■an apprentice, as heretofore they have done; any thing in this adt contained to the contrary in any wife natwithftand-ing.

The water- III. And be it further enacted and eftablifhed by the au-mens orders thority aforesaid, That the eight overfeers or rulers of the fo-foall be read .c;e^y or company of wherrimen or watermen that now are, ycar?mt C an<* that ^rom time to titne hereafter shall be, from henceforth twice in every year, that is to fay, upon the first day of September, and upon the first day of March, shall openly read and pubiifh, or caufe openly to be read aud publifhed, m the hall or place of their common affembly, where they ufually either have or hereafter shall appoint to aflemble and meet together, all and every the conftitutions and orders-already made by them,, or,that at any time hereafter shall be made by the overfeers and rulers, for the good or better ordering or government of the said wherrimen or watermen; (2) upon pain that every of tliem shall from time to time for every |

fuch

i6©4;} Anno iecundo [vulg© primo] Jacobi, .c. i 7.	99

iiisb offence forfeit »o o«r feid fpvefeign lord, the King, hist h,ejrs	,,

.and fucceflinrs, the-fu» of fix pound thirteen shillings and four pepce of lawfql £1tgli/bmoney.; the one half whereof	>

. shall y to eunfovepeiga lord the King, his heirs .and fuc-ceifara, and foe other half thereof unto any person or per-fops that will fun for the fame in any of the. King's majesty’s .courts of record, by a&ion of debt, fuit, bill,' ptaij^a or m,-. formation, wherein no. wager of law, effoin, or other delay	'

• shall he admitted or allowed, a & 3 Pb. £?	16.	%t

(f s% tV.3.	f.zi. ^ a 19. a a, t. 26. 10 Get. 2.

a 31.	-	,	,

CAP. ivit jin am far the better execution of former laws Southing the making of bats and felts, and for the more restraint of unjkilful and deceivable workmanjhtp therein% ufed to the wrong of all forts of the people of this •	■	1

realm..,

T JLfbkctt&in tie parliament byprorogation holden at XVeltmihfter N<*i? fltiall ; VV the lafi day of September in the eighth year of the reign of	oi

the late Queen Elizabeth, Queen of England, there was made beeiTapl _ oneJlatute, intituled, An ad for the true making of hats,.and prentice, .cap*; by one branch whereof it was enafled% that no person or per-fans, by him or berfelf, or any other, jhould, after the fcajl of the nativity of St. John fiaptift then next coming, make or work any felt or A rehearfal of . hat, of or with any foreign wool or fluff, unlefs such person should ?atulc of JirJl have been apprentice or covenant fervant to Juch myjtery of hat1 Ehz* c‘1X* and felt making, by the Ipace of /even years at the leajt\ (z) upon pain to forfeit all fitch hats or felts as he should make or caufe to be ' made> while he worketb contrary, to theform of the/aid aft, andfive , pounds in money for oyery month that he should fo continue, as by the jaifiyQfl (amngfi divers other things therein contained) more plainly .	*	..	*

may qpp$arf; {f)fcr.afiwcb as by the Jaid aft, no part of the forfeitures or penalisesfarfuch as fit up and do exercifi the Jaid art ofhat . and felt making> and have not been apprentice or covenant fetyatit thereunto by the /pace of[even years, (4) nor no penalty nor forfeiture at all for taking of apprentices or covenant firvants contrary to the . tenor of. the find aft, is given or appointed to any common person that would fue for the fame> * (s) the execution of the /aid aft hath been	"	1

.wholly neglefted, and the fame in thefe two branches have been Uke-wifi tranfgrejfid, and divers perfins that never were apprentices to the Jaid art, and feme, that have ferved but only feme few years thereinj have taken upon than to fit up . and exerdje the fame art, and retained great number of apprentices, who daily go away from .their mafiers, and before their terms be ended, and being unjkilful, do make and put to fale great quantities of hats and felts very Jaljly and de-. ceitfulfy made, and wrcugto, to the great damage of his Majefly's . mqft loving fubfiBs :

II. For reformation whereof, be it enacted by the King’s moft wholhall excellent majesty, the lords Ipiritual and temporal, and the have the for* commons, in this present parliament allcmbled, and by the au- *e}n»re accm*

Ha	thority*dbJrth,te>

too

ofSEliz. c.ii mnd this ft*-tute.

Who only may be felt-makers, and who their ferYSutts, and how many.

No ftranger shall be let on work in making of hats*

Hat-makers

ions.

Felt-makers at the time of this ftatate, and their fcrr* ▼ants, may ib continue

Anno fecuink	prinw] jAiJOBf- C.iy.

• thority of the fame, ‘Thit from anrf after forty daft next twitting the end of this prefent fefiion ofperiiament, -the moiety* or one half-part of *11 andVveytfce fotfohafca and peradties rxwt-tained in the fame former aft, that shall urifoor gmw.’dtnf after the end t>f die laid forty days treat eitfaiftg the end-ofthis feffkfff of parliament, and aHb-fite moiety or bat ha&pmand every the forfeitures and penalties hereafter limited and appointed in and by this ptefcnt aft, shall be to our foveneign lord the Ring's majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, tad the other moiety or half-part thereof to fteh person of periods as willfue-for the fame, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint or information, to be-odnv-menced or brought or pndeotited in any court of record, wherein no efioin, proteftion, or wager, of bar Ihall be admiCednr allowed for the defendant*

III.	And be -it further enacted by the authority aforafeid. That no person or persons from aha after the laid forty days shall make, or caufe to be made, any felt or hat, of or with any wool or ftuff whatfoever, unlefs he or they shall have (faff fery-ed as apprentices in the fbrefeid trade or art of felt-making during the (pace of feven yean at the leaft $ neither shall they retain and fet to work in the (aid art any other person or persons than journeymen that have lawfully ferved in that art, and apprentices lawfully bound in the fair! trade or art, nor above the hum--her of two apprentices at one time, nor thofe for any (eu term .than (even years; (2) upon pain-to forfeit five pound for evety month that he shall continue offending contrary to the true meaning of this act, and to be recovered to the ttfes and th manner aforesaid.

IV.	And be it further enafted-by the authority aforesaid. That no person or persons from and after the laid forty days, shall retain Or fet on work in the said art of hat hr felNnrttking, any person or persons bom out of his Majesty’s mahns and do- -minions of England* Scotland and > upon pain to. forfeit five pound for every month wherein (uchperiod or perfonrfhall fo offend contrary to the meaning of this act, and to be recoveted to the ufes and in manner and form aforesaid.

V.	Provided always That -nothing in this aft or in the said former aft contained shall extend to charge any person or persons lawfully exeitifing the said art, with any pain or forfeiture, for fetting or uimg his or their own natural fon or fons to file making or working of hits or felts, in his or their own houfeor houfes, fo as every foch fon or fons be bound by indenture of apprenticehood for the term of feven years at the leaft, which term shall not be to expire before he shall be of the full age of ttjio and twenty years 1 any thing abovcfeid to the contrary not-withftanding.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a-forefaid, That every felt-maker, that now is, and by the (paee of one year last pan before fire beginning of this present parliament was, a maker or worker of felts, and being an faoufholder, and all fiich as now an apprentices, covenant-fervant or jout-

• -	ney-

i6q4+J A«no ieeuijdft ivu^ primo] Jacobi. e.18. iox

n^manio the feme art or myftcnr of felt-making (as the fwaof apprentice feme tbercfidue of feven years «t die waft) shall qr during such ptribn'i natural life, continue making of hats and felts, albeit the fame pcrioa ware not bound appren* tice to- the fame art forth* (pace of feaaq years; any thing in this a£k or.elfewhere to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for avoiding of deceitful buying and JpmUng corrupt'

, , - .	.	and	unwbolfom	bop*.

Forasmuch as of late great frauds and deceits are generally The penalty

praQifed and vfed by foreigners* merchftrangers and others ?#r bringing; in foreign farts beyond the feus, in	the fatfepacking ofaliiforeign

brought into this realm of England from byway ^ hop*, or for UteerthaetiiaUhere to be attired and	fnd, with brewing with

fond'*	/braveand with	leggett of wood* draft and other foil in very them.

matey	jacks of hips for increafe of the weight thereof* felling thefame

together for ft much money as the heps art fold for*

of tbetejehmby deceit: (a) by means	ef whic packing of foreign several fair.

heps* the’ ftkyefts of this realm have been if late years	and hood* »n&K

caved	anti the name of twenty tbonfandpounds yearly at the leaf* be- ed.by «ran-

fuke tbaddtogtr of the fitbjefls healths* for that in many jacks of reign bopi- thtreh not found force one third part to be good and clean 8 kept, the	ref! being	draft and foil:

, II. -For reformation whereof* Be it therefore eoadted by our fewreiga lord the King* abd by the lords fptrituaJ and tempo* ral,and commons, in this present parliament aftnbM, and by the authority of the fame. That rf any foreigner, (hanger, natawo EttgHfkman* desiecrv, merchant or any other person or perfects whofoever, do at any time or times from or after the feaft of Sr; Michael the archangel next coming after the end of thttptefentfcffion of parliament, bring or came to be brought, into this ueahn-of England, out from any other foreign realm or dominions from beyond the (ess, any hops befog deceitfully or corruptly unclean, corrupt of mixt with any powder, duff, drofis, fand or any other foil whatfoever, that every person fo offend* ibg thefciw contrary to this a<3» shall forfeit the fame hops fo brought into this realm. ■

• ilL And for the better avoiding of the danger of fkfcnefs by The forfeiture ufing cf the falfe packed, unclean and corrupt hops; (a) be it for brewing therefore further enaded by the authority aforesaid. That if any ale b«er brewer nfrbmrpr ale, or any other person which shall buy «he**jj~ "Jr (kmc hops-fo brought from beyond the (ms or growing within niggled hop*, this realm, and shall imploy and fpend the feme about toe making or brewing of beef or sue to be fold, being unclean, corrupt or mixt with any powder, dud, drofs, fand or any other foil Whatfoever, every person fo offending therein contrary to the iMent of thi* wa,(hall in like fort forfeit for the feme offence,- -the value of thofe hops fo bought, imployed or (bent in brew* iog ; (3} the one moiety of all which forfeitures uiall be to our fovereign lord the King, his heirs and fuceyfforsv the other.

H 3	moiety

jAfphifterer ftiall not itfe. . the occupation of a painter in Loudon.

Incorporated by Queeen Elizabeth.

Who only may occupy that myftcry.

Searching of paintingf-work, and feizing the deceitful.

Waiflerers do jute the art of painters* (iainera.

/	•	•	t	••	#

Vnnofecundb [v\dgaprimo] JacobK C. 19,26; [*604;'

moiety thereof to him Or them that will feize the fame, *or • foe for the fame by bill,.plaint, information or altion of debt in hriy-of the King’s courts of record $’in which" no efloln^ proteftfofiv or wager or law shall be allowed, 6fr.

IY* This aft to continue to the end of the first fcffiorfof AV next parliament. 3 Car. 1; c. 4. Continued until the eiid of the: firjt feffeon of the next parliamentp and fartkr continued by 16 Car.i. (Qp. 4.

CAP. XIX.

An act for the well garbling offpices. kepedted by 6 Amut, c. 16. f. t.

C A P. XX.

An aft ft* redrgfs of certain abufes and deceits ufed in

painting.

WHEREAS the art or myftery of painters is ah ancient art and myjlery, and hath time out of mind been an ancient company and fellowjhip within the city of London 5 (2) and of late upon due confederations,, the freemen of the said city of that faculty, art or my-fiery (by letters patents under the great fed ^ England, dated at Weftminfter the nineteenth day of July in the three and twentieth year of the reign of §>ueen Elizabeth) were incorporate by the name of mafter, wardens and commonalty of the freemen of the art and my-fiery of painters, commonly called painters-Rainers within the City of honionand the fuburbs and liberties of the fame city: (3) and fttfir tbermore, by the Jaid letters patents it ts prohibited, enjoined and commanded, that no person or persons of whatfoever efiate, degree or condition they were, jbould ufe, exerctfee or Occupy the said art or ntffitry of painters, commonly called painters-ftainers, or any wort or worts, colour or colours, painting or paintings in the said art or myjlery occupied, untefs such person or persons before that time had been brought up and inflrutted, or Jhouldfrom that time forwards be brought up and inferufted, by or with fome one person of the fetid art or myftery as an apprentice by the fpace of feven pears at the leafed

II.	And whereas for the avoiding of deceit to be ufed in the said art or myftery of painting, the said late S>uecn by the aforefisid letters patents, did grant unto the fold mafter am wardens, and to their fuc-ctfjors, That they should have full power and authority for eVer, to male or caufe to be made due Jearch of all and Jingular the worksf colours, paintings and other things whatfoever to the said art Or myftery of painting in any wife appertaining, or touching or concerning the fame, as well upon the freemen of the fajd myftery as upon any person or persons whatfoever, felling, mating or working the fame within the city ^ London or the liberties or fuburbs of the fame r (2) and the said works, colours and paintings whatfoever fo dettitfiiuy made, to Jeize and take away, and the offenders therein to punijb and tone ft, as by the fame letters patents more at large it doth and may appear.

III.	And whereas the plaifterers within the city of London, of old time ufing nothing but lathing, dawbing, plaiftering and liming* did and yet do procure thereby for thmfehes and their families a convenient living and maintenance: (2) yet not fatisfied with that reafombk living that they do make of their fetid proper faculties and trades,

cohere-

Annofecuncto [vulgo primo] Jacobi, c.20.	103:

wherewith emdwbetein they,bout been brought up as. apprentices, have now of late ufed and prafttfed the art and myflery of painters-flainers, ess well wtb^oilrceUurs, as fize-colour^ ana that ftnce the making of the (aid letters patents more tcfually than in former times they have ufed undid 3) whereby mt only many of the said art and myflery of pointers, who have well and boneflty as apprentices to the fame ferved for the fpace of (even years and upwards? and by their labours and in-duftries have attained to the fail and perfect /kill and knowledge there-of, are not only difabled to get any competent living thereby, for the relief of tbemJehiSy their poor wives and children, but also for that the Jaid pknfltrcrs, not having been trained up in the said art or my -fiery of painting, neither can or do make any flub good work or fab Jitre anip&feft colours, as others having been trained up in the fame trade and apprentices thereunto, and yet utter the fame for good and perfect colours, and being no freemen of she said company of painters-flamers% efcape therefore unpusn/bed, to the great abufe and deceit of his Mafejty's mofi lovingjubjefts, and whereby the said art vr myflery of painting is likely in fuck fort in Jbort time to decay, as that there will not be fuffident workmen of /kill in and about the said city to ferve in toe said art bis Majefly or any other bis Majefly's fub-Jedls.

IV.	For remedy whereof. Be it enacted by the authority of No plaifterer this present parliament. That from and after the twenty-ninth fca11 *fe the 4iay of September which shall be in the year of our Lord God one t^.^fnerbT -thoufand fix hundred and fix, next coming after the end of this London, fry, •prefent feffion of parliament, no manner of person or persons, being or pretending to he a plaifterer, or hereafter to become or to be a plaifterer, or being or which shall be a fervant, or fet on work by any plaifterer, shall ufe, exercife or fet up the art, cnyftery or manual occupation of a painter, commonly called •a painter-ftainer, or any part thereof, in the city of London* or the liberties or fuburbs of the fame; or shall within the places aforesaid make any manner of work or works, or lay a-tiy manner of colour or colours, painting or paintings wnat-foever, in the said art or myftery of painters-ftainers aforesaid at any time heretofore occupied or ufed, unlefs he or they be or shall be the fervant or fervants, apprentice or apprentices of a painter, otherwise called a painter-ftainer, or have ferved or lhali ferve as an apprentice or as apprentice? by the (pace of fe-ven years at the lcaft to a painter, otherwise called a painter-ftaincr; <(2) upon pain that every such person or persons as shall hereafter do or offend contrary to the true intent and meaning The forfeiture of this prefent adt, shall forfeit for every time that he or they of au offender, lhali fo do or offeod, the fum of five pounds of lawful money of England ; (3) the one moiety of all which forfeitures shall be to the King's majesty, his heirs and fuccefibrs, and the other moiety to him or them that will fue for the fame in any of the -.King’s majesty’s courts of record, by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint or information; in which said fuit,- no effoin, protedtion or wager of law shall be admitted or allowed for the said defendant;

H 4	any

10*	Aoddfeduitdo	(Vtdg»	f?*90}	(fife**

any law, usage or often beratofarc Kacf«r tried** the timmnmrf

thereof in any Otffc<w>n»il!fitkiwAny.' -	>''•	•..■•>■'u . ■•

What things a	V. PreeMed rteVefthetefe, Thatir-fhall artel wta*bb kririmt *n.

piaifterer may and for any fif the eompaoy of jftrifk rent, or tfaeirArpatatt, Of uie in his	apprentifl<s, t6 kyvrhrtwig^ hhtefcteg^ teebkady.mbefcxri

¥rorlc*	yeitew-oteii',	aftd rnffet, mmgled^ivri& aady, attAnwinih

- oe); this pie^frtt i# Or any thing t besom eoatabod eothecon-

trary natrifthlfaMlitig.

Theday-wa- Vi Provided ifllo, That no printer or paifcter’s ferment-crap* ges of a OrOOfict shall have or take above fixtoen-pence by the day painter. mg of My flat edlout Wbatfbever, mingled or nxxedffltb oil or fl«e, hpon any timber, ftone, iron or lead.

CAP. XXI.

An aft agau/ijl brokers.

Sale of goods "Tj'ORASMUCH as tf long and ament time"by divert hundred yean London &c ■ then have	beenufid within tit I.ondoa and Sbtrttn

fhail not alter	thtrtof,j certain fritmtn of the city, to be	out	of

the property. and myfteries pA/reofthey ate free and members, and the feme	v

finsto be prefented at leaft by fix and known	p&fens

of the fame myflery,to the lord major of London for the time beings The Mahner to the aldermen bii brethrenand to be recommended by fitch pov* allow^bro^1	/tutors t6	**Per fins fir	timrknown approval hoiufty, integrity tried

hers in Lon.	faithfidntfii per finsmet for to he broker or	and nptn fiub

deni. .	relation mode to the mayor end aldermen,	bytbeir	owmimrin-

Stat.Ciy. fcjgg ^	diligtntenquiries made of the	and tf these

; %); 13 E* tuft fame., report, fidelity and Ml, have bien admitted, ok-f '1 '	■ lowed and approved by the lord mayor of	eity and abdomen in the

court of aldermen, to be brokers within the /aid city and bbtrties, of the	fame, and have taken their	corporal oaths	the find mayor

mtd aldermen, from time to time as they were Jo prefented and admitted, to life anademean	thenfehtsuprightly anafaithfully mer-

chant Englifh and mettbant ftrangrrs, and trndefmcn, in she contriving^ snaking and concluding bargains and contracts to be made them concerning thoir wares and mmijanduots to be bought and Jbld and contracted fir within the cityef London, and monies tt be taken up by exchange between fiub merchant and	> and tradefmett;

and theft kind of ptrfons Jo prefented, alktoCdand	to bebrehers,

atafertfaid, have-had mid born the name of brokers, and bemknnm, called and taken for brtktrs, and	brokerage	■	(a)

The differen- who never of	anjuntwit time ufed to bey and fid garments, boufbolA-

*h* bet?eeA fiuffs °r to take pawns and bills of foie of garments and apparel, and and p^ni	things that comen band,	fir money add out and lent upon vfiay,

brokers. w to keep openfiofis and to make open Jbeyps, and an open , at nap tf late years hath and is	of citizens,	affitnrntg

unto- themfekrs the name of brokers and brokerop, as though the fame were an honeft and lawful trade, myfhry or occupation, terming used naming thanfelpes brokers, whereas in truth they arc not, true and houc/t ancient name and trade of broker or brokerage.

The abnfe of H.	And forafdmth as	many of the city, being men

brokerage in tf manual	occupations and	hanand others inhabiting and

re-

Armo fcqpadft .[vnlgfr primo} Jacobs, i. '105

remaining Mnr the tiiywifUbuebf yf tbt Actloft	giurt theft later

ovfrt and daily da have and g-veover, th bandy,and manual	?****'

patiuh*.	dad.bentatd.ditibndafit.td> a trade	and felling and

taking alt ptnun of all bind of warn apparel, whethertt be old, or little tbt wotfe-fpr, wearing,hostJhMfitff.	and of what kind feme

the fame hi of, fading thereby that the fame it a more idle and kind of tradi i/ bvingi and that there arifctb and greWtth to them a more ready, more great, more profitable,	advantage

gain, them by their former manual labouri and, trades did or could hriAgtbmi

.III.	jnd forafimbat tbt find kind of counterfeit brokers, and Frioerer* and

'pawn-takenupon ufitry or	otberwife for ready money, are grown if no broken, -

[ait tamany hundreds within the cityof London, and other places mat adjoining to tho city and liberties of the fame, and art like to ertafeto far greater multitudes, being frip, and no brokers, nor pttrdftHg.of anyhtnefi and lawful trade, and within the memory tnany ytt	livingy,filth kind ofptrfons tradesmen wore very few, and of

fwdtinutnbtr:

:1V.. Aftdforafututb as there are not any garments, apparel, houf- By what Md-ftnf, or other goods of any kind wbatfotu the fame either ™”ns uP**rt being debt or robbed from any, or badly or unlawfully purloined or by their tome by,hat theft kind of Upflart brokers, under colour and prettnct goods.1

obey he freemen	tf the find city tf London, or inhabiting in Weft-

jnmfteiy, where-they pretend to have the like evert market as the city of London, and thereby prefitmtngtt he lawful for them to uft and The inconve-fet up the fame idle and ntoditfstrades, being the very means tt	pieneiee «nfu-

maiMcin and embolden ad kind tf bad and lewd ptrfons, to rehand (leal, })“|^;yrsupftart and	unlawfully to. get and come	by true mens goods, knowing and find-

ing that me /toner the feme goods can bo fioln, or unlawfully come by,

■but	that they fall ami may	prefimtly utter, tout, fell and pawn the

fame to.fiuh kind tf stew mpfiarf brokers, for ready money : (2) for rerndp whereof, and for the avoiding tf the find	and	income-

memos, and fiur t/prtffhtg and abtffmhg of tbt Jaw idle and .trades andupftart brokers, and for the avoiding tf thefts, robberies ■urn!feienw, and bad people, and for the repttjfing offiuh kind of tttwriflstrs and.aiders of thieves and	bad peopleand for tbt dtftnce of

.hontfl and true nuns properties and inter fis in their goods	-	<

V.	Be it enaded and declared by Our jovereign lord the Ring, The Tale of with the a dent of the lord* fpiritual and temporal, and com- goods wrong, jnons, in this prelent parliament alTembled, and by the autho-rity of the time. That no (ale,-exchange, pawn or mortgage of property any jewefr (date, apparel, houfhold-nuff, or other goods, of of theirL -what kind, nature or quality (never the feme shall be of, and Kdyog 50. that shall be wrongfully or unjuftly purloined, taken, robbed or. froln from any per (on orperfonl, or bodies politick, and which at any time hereafter (hau be fold, uttered, delivered, exchange . cd, pawned or done away, within the city of Loudon or- liberties thereof, or within the City of IVtfimnfitr in the county of Mtd-dleftx, or within Southwark in the county -of Surrey, or within -.two miles of the (hid city of London, to any broker or brokers,

•or pawn-takers, by any way or means whatfoever, dirc&ly or ,

in?

io6	Anno secundo [vulgoprimo] Jacobi.	[1604;

indire&ly,' shall work or makp any change or alteration of- the .. property or intereft of and from any perion or persons, or body politick, from whom the fame jewels, plate, apparel, houlhold-, fluff or goods were or shall be wrongfully purloined, taken, robbed or ftoln $ any law, usage or custom to tbe contrary nptwith-ftanding

VI.	And for the better maintaining of true and honeft dealing, and for the efchewing and avoiding of faKhood, fraud and deceit, in such kind of brokers-and pawn-takers;

A broker up- VII. Be it furthermore  enacted and eftabli(hed by the like on requeft authority, That if any pierfon or persons, or .bodies politick, lb all declare from whom any jewels, plate, apparel, houlhold-ftuff, or any come*tohi»k* *c,n<^	8°°^s	whatfoever,	(hall	be	wrongfully	purloined,	taken,

hands. ftolen or robbed, "(hall require and demand of any such broker or pawn-taker to declare whether any such goods be come to his or their poflefiions, and to declare^ (hew and manifefl the lame, and how and by what mans be had them, or came by-the fame, and bow, when, and to whom he hath delivered, conveyed or bellowed and employed the lame; and that such broker,, upon any such requefl and demand to be made, shall deny and refufe to difclofe, tell or manifefl the fame truly and juftly, shall forfeit unto the true owner or owners of such jewels, plqte, apparel, houlhold-ftuff and other goods, from , whom the lame were wrongfully purloined, taken, ftolen or robbed,-double .the value thereof that shall be denied and refufed to be difelofed, told and manifefted, as aforeiaid ; the £une double value to be recovered by the true owner or owners of such goods from whom the fame were wrongfully purloined, taken, nobbed or ftolen, to be recovered by adkion of debt, bill or plaint, in any of the King’s majesty’s courts of record at	,	or	within	the

city of London, in which no efloin, wager of law or protection (halt be allowed.

VIII.	Provided always, That this ad, nor any thing therein contained, shall not be prejudicial or hurtful to the ancient trade of brokers within the city of London, uling and expreifing the ancient trade of brokers between merchant and.merchant or other traders or occupiers within the said city and the liberties of the fame, being feledked as afprefaid..

CAP. XXII.

An aft concerning	tanners, , ; and other

artificers occupying the cutting of leather.

Enforcedby • TT7'HEREAS tho laws and ftatutts formerly tftablijhtd and made 9 Annas, e. si,- W for the true and juft	, currying and working of lea-

‘ w & M ther, have hot taken that good effetl which was	as	well	for

flat. i. c. j j. that divers of the findftatutts did not fuffidently provide for tbe rt-ii Geo. *. drefs of thofe deceits and abufe which have been and are tommonfy *•*•. t f	praffifed by tbe tamers,curriers and workers of leather \ (a)

tanners, cur- t^at^her 9f ^	fmtftatutts have been too Jbarp and ,

riers, ihoema- and binding the persons occupying the feveral	or	trades	afore-

kers, and of faid, to divers inconveniences, and matters and things ir/tpof-

fiblt

The antient trade of brokers.

i604./) Jkrtm feftiridb [vulgo pjriJno]: Jacobi;	12.

jfiblefor them to perform *, £7 raj/ifc 0f which too much Jlrimefs &td°cutting

rigour, the feme flatutes hai/e nbt 'been{ptit hi execution^but have been yjgcaufe*

in efftexwmllyfiffcHfed withal: (3) io the intent1 therefore that a that former

reafbttabk mi inmffrrent courfe for the■ true and well tannings curry- statutes made

ingand buorkhrg if bather, may be from henceforth eflabRJhed and ap~ against the a-

pointed, and yet the. perfom ufing arid occupying the Jeveral crafts and „^cuVrier3

myfoertes aflrefaid may not be further or more ftriRlf bound, refrain- &c.haveh<yt'*

ed or tirtrited, than the necijfary regard of the commonwealth and ge- been perform-

neral commodity of all forts OfJubjetts within this realm requiretb :	td.

• • -	-	.	•	•*	*7	<8.	c.	14*

$ & 6 Ed.fi. c. »$.	1	M.	Seff.	3. c. 8. jEliz. e. 8 Eliz. c. «+.	18 Eliz. c. 9.

a Salk- 609. Mod. Cafes in law eii Eut. 181,1499.

’ H. Be it enacted by the King’s rtioft excellent majesty, the The penalty Jords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, of this prefen't par- for gating or foment aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from ^and after the feaft of St. BartMtmeto the apoftle next coming, a hid*; no butcher by himfelf, or by any other perfon, shall ga(h,

-daughter or cut atlyhide of any ox, bull, ftetr or cow, in flaying thereof, or otherwife, whereby the fame shall be impaired or hurt, upon pain of forfeiture for. every- hide <b gafhed, flaugh-tered or cut, twenty-pence. (2) And that no butcher shall water any hide, except only in the months of June, and Au-guft, nor fhall' offer or put to fale any hide being putfilied or -rotten, upon pain of forfeiture for every hide fo watered, and for every hide’fo nutrified or rotten, and offered or put to fate, three shillings and four-pence. '

III.	And be it'further  enacted by the authority aforefakl, K3l'"g of

-That no butcher or other perfon-or persons, after the feaft offivewee^lold. St. Bartbehmew next coming, shall kill any oalf to fell,heingun-	by

der fivd weeks old, upon pain to forfeit for every Calf fo to be ** & 13 Car.z.. killed and fold, fix shillings and eight-pence.	—	c. 19. r. 13.

IV.	And be it further  enacted by the authority aforefald. No butcher -That no person or persons occupying die craft or Myftery of a flwll be a tan-butcher, shall after the feaft of St. Bafthtlomew the apoftle next ner* coming, occupy or ufe by himfelf, orany other person dr per-

-fons, the feat, craft or myftery of a tanner, during the time vfhat he shall ufe the craft or occupation of a butcher; upon pain -of forfeiture of fix shillings eight-pence for every day that he shall fo ulb the feat, craft or myftery of a tanner.

V.	And be it further  enacted by the authority aforesaid, That vvbo may be no person or persons shall from and after the feaft-of St. Bartbo- a t‘inuer-

iomewnext coming, fan any leather, or (hail ufe, take, or have any profit, gain or commodity, of or by the said craft or myfiery of tanning of leather, except foch perfon-or persons as had a tan-houfe at the beginning of this prefent feflion of parliament, and did then occupy the myftery of tanning of leather; (2) and . except such as have been or hereafter shall be brought up, in-ftru&ed or taught as apprentices, or covenant of itired iervants for -that punpofe,- by the fpace of feven years, in thrmyflery of tanning of leather:. (3)' andexcepr the wife, und-fudi fon or ions of a tanner as'hath been-brought upland hatftrufed -the .	.	myftery	•

ioB	Anpc	fecun^ tTulgo prinl^} jjACQBI. e&ti	11604-

myftery of. taopfog ^leather hftta&Bfttf four.ymrs, Mtbe Can or daughter of a tanner* or such perfon.,wfie -(hag many such wife ordaughter* to yrhopt-hs hath or foall- l«yA a tan-boufe and fate i U)\pfM pain Of forfeiture, of aft .fochjeatfier by him or than fo tanned, or whereof he or they. (hull receive any profit or .commodity by tanning, or the juft value, tberpof. iio tanner VI. And be it further enadfod by the authority afarcfiud, flnU be a«ut- That no person or perfonsufing the tnyftery tapping iofittr ter of leather, ther by bimfelf, or by any other person or perfons# foofn and-afr Cro. Car. J87. ter the faidfeaft of	SuBartboUmnii shall*during that time that he

•	(hall ufe the said myftery, occupy, or ufe the craft or myftery of a Ihoemaker, currier, butcher, or of any other artificer, tiling

•	ot exercifing cutting or. working Of Icfithef; (z) updo paita to forfeit and lofe all and every such hide and hidm, fitin and drink So by them or any of.them wrought or tanned, during the time that he shall ufe the myftery or craft of tanning aforesaid, or the juft value thereof.

who may buy VII. And be it further enabled by the authority ifomfeirt. Tcah.es- ^at 110 Pcrfon or Pfffoo* after the feaft of St.Bar(Mfmm-nix.t «hin«ve>* coming (ball bargain, buy, make any contra# foe, of ;be*-foeak arty rough hide, or calve-firin in the hair, but. only dhtb . ' person or per ions as by virtue of. this a# may iatyfolly ufe foe craft or myftery of tanning of leather, and fball tart the. fiamv or such person or persons which fttall taw the feme, ■(except feh> hides for the necellary ufe pf <hips$) (1) upon:pain to. forfeit and lofe all a fid every such hides and (kins. (b bstgbtnr tbe hMri	juft value thereof: fjj-andthat no tanner, or other perfonor

perfons shall foreftali any hides Coming towards any for or aaat'-ket, nor shall buy any hide any other where than-in open fair or market* tmMs it be of such person or persons at ihsH kill foe fame beaft whereof the laid hide shall be* for the pmviftan of his or their owri houfe or houfes; (4) upon pain of forfeiture’ for every hide fo foreftalled or bought contrary to thetrufe meaning of this prefent a#* fix shillings eight pence, whomaybny. VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afoitfaid* tanned leather That no person or persons shall or may after the feaft of thenar wrong . tjvity 0f our Lord God next coming buy, fell, bargtisibefpeak, or take promife to have, exchange, or put away, any. tamed leather, not wrought and converted into made wares,/but -only focb person and persons as will and shall work and convert the fame leather into made wares, upon pain of forfeiture of the. leather fo bought* fold, exchanged, or put away,, or the value thereof.	...

Baying lea*	IX* Provided always* and be it eaa&ed by the authority ae

ther at i**d- ferefeid, That all aod every artificer, and other peifomaad pan* London foas ufing to convert tanned feather into made wares, ias well ftf angers bom as others, may lawfully buy all kind of tanned leather* to make or convert thefeme into made wares, at Ltadm-hall io Xcedv;,; upoo every Mauley, the fame being first duly fearched, faded and regiftred, as is hereafter limited.

Sadlers and x. Provided alfo* That the fodlgr* and girdlers may fell their girdlers may	'	0	necks.

4&>4'1 Anhd fikwn^ (rulgo fitoo] J Aetna. c.22.	109

MdM, fltMfrt jftarttted leatRer fed! without incBtring any pain &n ,th*'r or forfouuttefor'theftbie.' '	■■	'	■	•	t	neck*,&c.

■ *li Arid ** if forth* fhaftedT* the authority aforefeid,

TIM hftfcr ihbfid# Ittft bFft. Bartholmnnr « coming, no per- -S!f* fon «r pdffon* bfoatfoever, ■‘Which foaffaftef tfid find featt oceu-	**

p? orwfe hy hitn of thethfiSves, or by any tflhefpeffonor per--fomy IM* etofe'Of myftenf ofthnhing Of feather, ■rasTf-ftffer anV bide W'Mf%> Hi Iri -the'-fitne* tfll the fimre be- o»er-*fimed, ndr ■fhafrptrt My MMfes eft fkmslntb -dsy tan*fats, •btfftii'e the lime ■be towl Mi'pilrfeftfy‘fefcenfed'-ahd ^toughr-obt rif 1theni) ind every ef (hditj {%) ;rior shall ifl?, fcttpfoy, oetupy, -or put, by •twemfdvefr'ot'by any otHerperfon: rir perform,-any thing or fftitt •In «r about the workmanmip -of tanning of leather, but ohly ntti-bitfe* otrk*%ark, tapwrirt:, malt, tpeal, 'fttttc, eulver-'dung'

-or hen-*dong-, (j)npr'lhafl ,wiOingly{ul!fcf his br'tbbir leather to bo Mdy 'or to hang,' or to fiebet in anyftoft,"hntiri!h'e fame be frozen j (4) nor wall dry or parch the laid Jiathct Wth the ■beat ©f the^fire, or of the fbrpmer-fqn(5) nor shall tan, or . eaufe to bfc tanned any hide or Ikin'being pmrified or rotteni.'hy " ''

Jong lying, ’either1 btfore die potting of it into die Jrtnes, or af-tor in the water tiin liquor, otby arty bttiier means j'(b) nor ftall -bufferthe hides fbrutter<fidle-l.cather' toUe in 'tWe whose!? any de& time thart twelve 'months at tfie ^ f 7 )' ndf ‘the hides for	'

Tipper-leather* in the lrtre -weores any fefi? time than Wirte months •at the feaft; ;(8) ncAr lhall Wtgligerttly woHc the'hides in the 'trooncs, but IhaH renew and trSl* fhtmg their wtiozes, as often -as flndlbe fleqttffirey (9^ nor shall after the laidftbft of St. Bar-tbotamrwput tri fale any tarmed hide orftm, whiten (ha®** after the (sad feaft wrought and tanned hv any othdr fort thin by dm ftatuteis fimHed-and appointed ‘j (10) uponpaJnrbF forfeiture 1of<everyojt-hide, btdi-hide, fteerLhi(Je, cow-hide, or fldh -tanned or Wrought; and offered to be put t<? ‘fale, ’contrary to the'true meaning of this prefettt aft, or the juft vaWe thereof.	!	’

JCflv	Amifirafimuh	as much damage hath redounded the	-

momoeaHh,by	reafon that -divert tanners fair	here	have

ttefi to convertto fob-leather	filth h!des as art altogether infufficient

fir that	teft,which hides they	do raife in divers

mixtures, thereby -making the fdmt tofiemvJfrong leather,whereas the fame doth in the wearing prove	deceitful,

and altogether unprofitable fir the commonwealth:

XIII- Be. it enacted by the authority aforefald:, 'That no per- Raifing of fon or persons, iifing or which hereafter Aral! trie the craft orbidwwinh myflery of tanning of leather, shall after the fad ftaft of St. thoimem next coming, raife with any mixtures any hide, to be -miployed and converted to baefcs, bend-leather, tlouting-lea-ther, or any other foie-leather, except the fame hides be for’ fergenefej'ftate and growth, fit and fufficient fbr that ufe and purpose, the fame to be tried by the triers hereafter in this pre-'

• lent aft to betppdinted} (4 j-upon pain of forfeiture of all fuch

hides

* *P Afifip l[Yulgppriaio] Jacq^i^ fcft*:	{>604-

• V i’ • hides$&^t0^	and convertod.to fole4c*thdr contrary to the true meaning of this prefent pavilion*..; ,.	.

Sak^ftnnnW ' XIV^ Andbe it fimher fena&ed by th^ authority, a&nelaid, lAthtrredand That from theiaid feaffofSt. Bartholomew noct coming* - no per-vwwwgbtr fon on jrofon* whatsoever, (hail put or-caufetp k$ put to foie, cx-change,' ocothcrwife depart with any kind of tyquai leather red .andam wrought, but in open fair-or market m tlya plaopt therefore cammqnty accufioineidL and. thenefore .prepared* unJcfs the fame, leatherth^ve been before lawfully fearched and foaled ic _fome open fair or market, ^ other place lawfully appointed to -afidfo]- th/e foarchfog and foalingof leather,; (2) nor shall after

•	the said feait offer qr put to faje any tanned leather xed/and ua-wrougbt, befonp the fame be fearched and fcated according to .the laws and, ofder of this ft^tiue hereafter men^oped ; (j) upon, pain of forfeiture for every hide or piece of leather.to fold, .exchanged, or otherwise departed with, contrary to the true meaning of this a<^ fix (hilling* eight pence, and for,every do-

Altered by zen of caiyc^flcms or.focq^fluns, .force foil lings, four pence, 4. Jac. 1. c. 6. :an4 foe hide or hides, (kin or ikios, and leather ,,in. any other l- %m	.wife fold, exchanged or bought* or the value thereof*.

Leather not ' XV. And.be it further enabled by the authprity aforesaid, fufficiently That if aay person or peffops ufing, or which fhdl pfe, the tanned or .myftery qr faulty pf t^njngV; shall at any tipae or times here-dned-	after otter or pqt -to fal**»y. kfodof leather yfoicb, foall. be in-

sufficiently pr not throughly tanned, or .which shall not then liave been after the tanniqg thereof well and throughly .^dried ; fo that the lame by the triers of leather lawfully, appointed according to this prefent a&, for the time being,.(hall be found to be inefficiently or not throughly tanned, or netthsoughly dried as. aforesaid; That then all and every fuchperfon andperfons fo offending; shall forfeit and lqfe fo much of his or focir find leather as mall be fo found infufficicntly and not thrpHghly tanned,

. or not throughly dried as aforesaid ; that is to fay, the whole hide, back or (kin, or other piece of leather, if the whole be inefficiently or not throughly tanned, or not throughly dried : (2) and if the whole hide, back, (kin, or other piece of leather be not fufficiently or not throughly tanned, or not throughly dried,, then only fo much of the hide, back, fkin* or other piece

•	of leather, as {hall be infufficiently 6r not throughly tanned, of not throughly dried; the fame to be cut out by the over-fight, diferetion ana dircdion of the triers hereafter in this a& to be appointed, upon the oaths of the said triers.

Crafty futans XVL And whereas divers tanners for greedinefs of gain da over-to overbaften 7muf) haften the tanning of their leather, and for that purpose do ufe the tanning of divers crafty and fubtile profiles, fometimes laying their leather in leather. their fatsy Jet in their old tanhills, where it may be tanned in the hot woozeSy taking unkind heat in the fame hilly and fometimes by putting of hot woczes into their tan-fats where the fame hides or leather liiy by which and other like fraudulent practices, they make their leather to feem both fair and. well and fufficiently tannedt within a very Jbort fpace:

XVII. For

1604.3 Anno fetundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi, c.22.

XVE For reformation thereof, be it enatfted by the au* thorlty aforesaid. That after the laid feaft of St. Bartholomew next coming, no person or perfons'(hall fct their fats in tan-hills* or other places, where the woozes or leather that shall be put to tan in the fame, shall or may take any unkind heats, or mall put any leariier into any hot or warm woozcs, or shall tan any hide, calve-fkin or (heep-fkin, with any hot or warm woozes whatfoever; (2) upon pain that every person fo offending shall forfeit for ever? such offence ten pounds and shall also for every such offence ftand upon the pillory three several market-days in the market-town next to the place where the said offence shall be committed.	’

XVIII.	And forafmuch as bark is of late become very dear and fcarce, tvbich happened partly by reafon that divers persons do ingrofs and buy great quantities thereof and then do fell the fame again at excefjrve and unreafinable prices, and partly by the unfeafonable felling

. cf.oak out of the barking-time :

XIX.	Be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons shall regrate, ingrofs or get into his 6t their hands by buying, contracting or promife^taking, any oaken

3	bark, before it be (hipped, or after, to the intent to fell the fame again; (2) upon pain of forfeiture of all such barks to ' by him or them regrated, ingrofled or bought, contrary to 3 the true meaning of this prelent branch, or the fall value *. thereof:

' XX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid. . That no person or persons shall from and after tne said fca(t

-	of St. Bartholomew next coming, fell or caufe to be feMed any : oaken trees meet to be barked, where bark is worth two (hil-

-	lings a cart-load, over and above the charges of barking and pilling, (timber to be imployed to and for the necefiary and

:. needful building or reparation of houfes, fhips or milk, only . excepted) but between the first day of AprilmA the lad day ,of June9, upon pain of forfeiture of every such oaken tree fo felled; r: or the double value thereof.

:r. XXI. And for the better prefervaticn of timber, which by the takers of timber is fpoiled through the greedy defire of gain of the lops, tops or bark of timber-trees j be it therefore enacted by the au-.. thority aforesaid. That no taker or takers, purveyor or purveyors of timber, or his or their deputy or deputies, (nail fell or caufe to be felled fortheufeof the King's majesty, his heirs or fuccedors, any oakeix timber tree or trees meet to be barked, but in bark-r ing time, (trees to be felled for the needful and necefiary building or repairing of any his Majesty’s houses or (hips only excepted $) *	(2) or (hail in any wife take or receive any manner of profit, gain

orcommodity by any lops, tops or bark of any trees, to be taken by them or any of them ; (3) or shall in any wife take carry away, give, fell or difpofe from the owner, any more of any tree to be taken as is aforesaid, than only the timber of the fame W tree or trees to be ufed and beftowei, or imployed onjy irt, upon or about the King’s majesty’s buildings or (hips; (4)

upon

III

Leather shall not take unkind heats.

There shall be no regrating or ingrofllng of oaken bark.

At what time oaken trees to be barked shall be felled*

When purveyors shall fell timber. iiCir.ic.24>.

No taking of lops.

nz

Carrying of leather.

The corner*® forfeiture for mifuixng of leather.

% Salk. 609.

UflwMI curry leather in or near London.

Curried leather shall be fearched and leale/L

Anno fixundo [vulgo primo] JACOBI. C.29.	[1604

■ upon pain of forfeiture to tbc party grieved, far every tree, and for the lops, tope or bark of every tree,' taken contrary to the mctntwof this article, forty {billing*; (5) and that fMi be lawftum the party of whom fitch tree or trees shall be taken, otr t* any other for and in his name, to take, retain, withhold and keep tt> hirnXelf all the hark, lop and top of fiicb owe or trees, any enmmifitQB or other matter whatfoever not. wkhftawdfog.

XXII.	Jdnd fcrafmub as no Uatbtr tan be ft well it me) be	marredm the tarrying,	be it therefore enacted by the

authority. afortfiud, That front and after the feaft of St. the archangel next coming, no person or psrfons (haH curry any kind of leather in the houfeof any fhoemaker or other per-fon, but oidy in his own houfe fituate in a corporate or market-town % (a) opr foall curry any kind of leather, except it be welt and perfectly tanned; (x) nor {hail after the said feaft of St,.

Bartholomew curry any hide or Ikin being not throughly dry, after his wet ffirfon, in which wet feafbn he {hall not efc any (We urine, or any other deceitful or fobtile mixture, thing, way or mesas, to corrupt or hurt the fame ; (4) nor Audi cmtry aay leather meet for utter-foie-leather with any other duff than with hard tallow, nor with any lefs of that trum the leather wUl receive j (5) nor shall curry any kind of leather meet for over-leather and inner foies, but with good and fuf-•ficient fluff, being frdh and not fait, and throughly liquored hU k can receive no more ; {6) nor ihall burn or fcatd any hide or leather ia the currying; (7) nor {hall (have any leather too thin {oor.fhaU galhor hurt any leather in the (haying, or any other means j {%) but shall work the fame fufficienuy in all points andrefoedU: upon pain of forfeiture for every such offence or a&s done contrary to the true meaning qf this article (other than in gafluag or hurting in (having) fix (billings eight pence, and fhe value of every fitch ficia or hide marred by bis evi) wotfcmapdnp.; (9) and for every offence to be done against this article in gaming or hurting by {having, double- ,fp much <0 the party grieved, as the leather (ball be impaired thereby, by the. judgment of the wardens of the curriers, and the wardens of the company whereof the party grjpved shall be.

XXIU- And be h further enacted. That no cordwainor, (boonaker, or other person or persons dwelling or inhabiting within the city etf London or the liberties of the fame, or dwelling within three miles of the said city, and occupying wet curried leather inhisait or occupation, fhaH put or caufe to be put any leather to -be curried, but to such person or pdrfons as be or shall be foee of the company of the curriers, of the city of upon pain of forfeiture of all such curried leather or the value thereof. Rep. 12 Geo. 2. t.25.

XXIV.	And be it further enaCted, That no person or per-tfons shall by any means occupy or put in any made wares within the city <£ London, or three miles of the lame city, any curried leather, before the fame shall be fearched and allowed 2	by

x604<3 Anno fen&do [vrrigo porno] JAC0B1. C.22.



fay ihtTHrito of the curriers of Loader for the rime being, or

fetch pcifoatf as they shall thereto aflign, and be fealed with a »3&w-Car.s«

•feal therefore to he prepared ; (2) upon-pain that every (hoe-c'7,r,,+*

-maker,* ead other- artificer -cutter of leather, offending againft

this article, (ball forfeit fee every hide, or (knrotherwife curried

orinrployed-as is afbrafeid,-fix shillings eight.pence, and the

value of every fiich hide or (kin. Rep. X2 a. i. 25.

XXV.	And be it further enabled, That no person occupying A currier shall the fiat or myftery of a currier, shall ufe or exercife the feat ®«t be tanner or myfttry of a tanner, cordwainer, (hoemaker, butcher of othef artificer ufing cutting of leather, during the time that u ’ befbaiMo trie or occupy the myftery of a currier; (2) upon p»n of forfeiture of. fix shillings and eight pence for every hide or (kin that he shall currv, during the time that he diaU oooupy or ufe any of the myfteries aforefiud contrary to the meaning of this article.

XX Vi. And farther bfe it ensfted, That no.currier of cur- Within what mrs shall after the said feaft of St. Bar efofe to curry	leather

any leather to him or them for that purpose.brougbt, by any cur* such artifice? as is or shall bera cutter of leather, the fame an-n tifleer or his fervant bringingwith him or theth good md fuf-jficfentftufiF as ts-bdfore mentioned, for the perfect liquoring of the feme leather tand that the said leather in the prefence of the fasrd aKifieers, cutters of leather, his fervant or fervants (if he hr they will b® pwSfent) shall be liquored and curried in all things and degrees- perfectly; and if he or they will not be prefent,

It Bull Vnevtrthelefs be likewise liquored and curried in his or their abfened perfeddy, with as convenient fpeed as may be, not exceeding eight days in thefummer, and fixteendaysin the winter, after he shall dr may take it in hand; (2-) upon pain to forfeit to the party grieved, for every hide or piece of leather not in this-manner curried, and well and fpeedily dreffed, ten (hillings.	u

XXVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Curried lea* •

tody That-the wardens of the curriers for the time being, tl'etvftiall be or such pdrlbnt as they (haS aflign and appoint, shall from time	40

to rime forehand try all such curried leather as shall be brought

to any of their Company to be curried, and shall with a leal therefore TO be-prepared, with convenient fpeed, not exceeding one day after the curirying and requeft made, feal such leather as they:(hall-find fafficientTy-carried; (2) taking for everyhide fo (bated, after the rate of a peny for the dicker, and for every fix dozen-Of calves-fkins, one peny, and not above, to be paid by the currier; (3) upon pain of forfeiture for- every hide which shall not -be (batched and fealed as is aforeiaid, fix shillings and eight pehce, *	-	•	■	*

XXVIII.	And forafmuch	as It other well tamed and ,	The cord-

by the	ntgfigmee,	duett,or evil worbnanjhip of ibe,tordwainer or wainer’s duty

jbotmuhr, be ufed deceitfully, to the hurt of the occupier or wearer (hies thereof; (2) be it further'enafted by the authority aforesaid, bu»ki*n«, * That no person or perfcrnr, which after foe said feaft of Si. flippers,’ &c.

. Vol. Vll.	I	Bartholomew

i (4	Anno	fecundo	[vulgo	primo]	Jacoot. c«*e.' ' [1604.

Bartholomew next coming shall occupy the myftery or occupation of a cordwainer or (hoemaker, shall make or caufe to be made any boots, (hoes, buflrins, ftartpps, flippers or pantofles, or any part of them, of Englijb leather wet curried, (other than decr-flrins, calve-ikins or goats-fldns, made or drefled or to be made or drefled like unto Spanijb leather) but of leathet well and truly tanned and carried in manner and form aforesaid, of of leather well and truly tanned only, and well and fubftantiafly fewed with good thread well twilled and made, and fufficienuy waxed with wax well rofeoed, and the (liches hard drawn with hand-leathers, as hath been ac-cudomed, without mixing or mingling over-leathers, that is to fay, part of the over-leather being ofneats-leather, and part of calves-leather; (3} nor shall put into any part of any (hoes, boots, bulkins, ftartops, flippers or pantofles, any leather made of a meep-flrin, bull-hide or horfe-hide, (4) nor into the upper leather of any (hoes, ftartops, flippers or pantofles, or into the nether part of any boots (the inner part of the (hoe only excepted) any part of any hide from which the fole-leather is cut, called the wombs, neck, (hank, flank, powle or cheek; (c) nor shall put into the utter-fole any other leather than the bed of the ox or fleer hide3 (6) nor into the inner-fole any other leather than the wombs, neck, powle or cheek 3 nor in the trefwels of the double foled (hoes, other than the flanks of any the hides aforesaid; (7) nor shall make or put to fale in any Year, between the Ialt of September and the twentieth of Aprils any (hoes, boots, bulkins, ftartops, flippers or panto-lies, meet for any person to wear exceeding the age of four years, wherein shall be any dry Englijb leather, other than calves-ikins or goats-fldns, made or drefled or to be made or No (ale or drefled like unto Spanijb leather, or any part thereof; (8) nor shall fiiewing of	(hew, to the intent to put to fale, any (hoes, boots, bufkins, ftar-

upooSe	t0Ps* AipPcrs or pantofles upon the Sunday 3 (9) upon pain of

Sunday/	forfeiture for every pair of (hoes, boots, bufkins, ftartops, (lip-

.	pers and pantofles, made, fold, (hewed or put to fale, contrary

to the true meaning of this a<5t, three shillings and four pence, and the Juft and full value of the fame,

XXIX.	And be it further  enacted for the true execution of this ftatute. That the mailer and. wardens of the ieveral my-fteries of cordwainers, curriers, girdlers and (adlers of the city of London for the time being, by what name or names foever they be incorporated or intitled, or the more part of the said mafter and wardens of every of the said several my fieri es, upon pain to forfeit forty pounds for every year that they make default, the one half thereof to be to the King’* majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other half to him or them that will foe for the famef (2) shall by virtue of this a& four times in the year at the leaft, that is to (ay, once every quarter of the year, or oftener if need require, as they shall think good, make true fearch and view of and for all boots, (hoes, bufkins, and other wares and things whatfoever made of tanned leather, in

all

i6o4jJ Annofocuudft [mlgo prinio] JAcobi. c.aa.

all and every hotifeand honfetf, {dace and places, privileged or Wares made not privileged, *c well within the city of Lmdon and fuburbs and tanned thereof, as In every other place within three miles of the fame London city* where any ihoemahor, (idler, girdler, carrier, or other shall be artifoer ufldg cutting, working or drefliOg of leather, doth or fearcbed. ihall dweH, or occupy arty of the occupations of cutting, Explaintd if working or drefling of wither, whether the feme boots, (hoes, i 5^ & M* wares, duff, and other things be made of tanned leather, and f* ’	*33*

be wrought aeeotding to the purport, effetSt and trae meaning of this ftatute, or not: (y) and that it (halt and may be lawful Warn of lea. to and for the feid several mafters add wardens of the fald several tber that be aayftcnes which shall, be for the time being, to take, feife and mfu^ent carry away to their several eoftimon halls, a fi such boots, (hoes, E£Sa warn, fluff or other things, which foe find several matters and away, wardens frail find ill their several fearches infufficiently made, curried or wrought.

XXX.	Provided always. That none of thd said several Who may mafters and wardens of the said several companies of Cdfd- ?arcMnd ** wainors» Curriers, girdlers or fadlers, Ihall fearch ariy person fcarchc *

or perfofts, but such as ufe and exercife the tnvftery or occupation of the said mafter and wardens; (2) dno that the coach-makers dwelling within the said city of London? or three miles from the fame, shall be under the furvey and fearch of the mafter and wardens of the company of the fadlers of London,

XXXI.	And be k further enacted, That the said mayor of Searchers and the city of London and the aldermen for the time being, upon [^erftiaHbe~ like pam of forty pounds likewise to be levied and imployed, appointed by shall likewise yearly appoint eight of the moft fubftantial, honeft the mayor,1 and expert perfofts, being freemen of fome of the companies &c. of Lon-of cordwainers, curriers, fadlers or girdlers within the city 6f an^ London, whereof one shall be a fealer, and keep a feal for the aUt °" fealing of leather, to be prepared, who shall also be fworn before the said mayor and aldermen for the time being* to do

their office truly j (2) which said fcurchers and fealefs shall view and fearch all and every tanned hide, fkin or feather, which shall be brought as well to the market at Leaden-hall? as to any other lawful fair or market therefore txfually appointed within three miles of the said city, whether the fame be fufficiently and throughly tanned and throughly dried, according to the purport and true meaning of this ftatute, or ho 5 (3) and finding it fufficiently and throughly tanned and throughly dried, in such manner and form as by tnis statute is appointed, shall feal the fame with the said feal.

XXXII.	And be it further enaefted by the authority afore-Searching and find. That all mayors, bailiffs, and other head officers for the fealing ot lea-time being, in all other cities, boroughs and market-towns of th®r ln -this realm, and all lords of liberties, fairs and markets out of ^areafe}/ the circuit or Compafs of the said three miles, shall upon like

pain of forty pounds likewise to be levied and imployed every year that they make default therein, appoint and fwear yearly

12	two.

n6

Six triers of leather shall be appointed in London.

Triers cf tanned leather in other places.

t Lntw. tSi. sLnttf. 140a.

Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobs. c.m£

two, threeor more perfans, of the moft booeft and flcUfol men within their several offices or liberties, by their difaretion, to fearch and view within the prerioft of their hid offices, liberties and authorities, (a) which shall, as often as they shall think good, or need shall be, make like fearch within their limits, and shall have a mark or leal prepared for that porpwfe : and that the (aid (Searchers, or one or them, shall keep the feme leal or mark, and with the feme shall - fad and mark 'fuch leather as they shall find fufficient, and no other : (j) and if the laid fearchers, or any of them, do find any leather fold or offered to be fold, eft brought to be (Searched or faded,- which shall be tanned, wrought, converted or ufed contrary'.to the true intent and meaning of this ftatute, or any leather infill ficiently curried, or any boots, (hoes, bridles, or any other thing made of tanned or curried leather, infufficiemly named, curried or wrought, contrary to any provifion in this prefent aft, it shall be lawful to the said fearchers, or aiw of them, to feize all such leather, (hoes or other wares made 01 leather j (4) and to retain the feme in their cuftody, until such titne as-the feme be tried by such triers, and in such manner and form, as is hereafter in this statute appointed.

XXXIII.	And to the end there may be an indifferent and equal courfe eftabli(hed for the trying 01 all such leather* boots, (hoes, and other wares made of leather, as shall be fetzed by virtue of this aft; (2) be it enacted by the authority afcrcfaia. That the mayor of the city of London for the time being, within fix days after notice to him given of any feizure made of any leather, red and unwrought, within thejurildiftion ofthe said city, or three miles diftant from the fame, either by the owner or owners, or by the feizers of the said leather, shall eleft and appoint fix honeft and expert men, whereof there shall be of the better fort of the company of cordwainers of London two, of the better fort of the curriers of London two, and other two of the better fort of tanners ufing Leaden-ball market, who shall be no kin or of affinity to the £ud owner or owners ; (3) who upon their corporal oaths to be taken before the (aid mayor* shall on the fecond or third market-day at the (urtheft, to be holden upon the Monday for leather next after the said feizure, in the afternoon of the feme day (to the. intent the owner or owners may conveniently be prefent) enquire,* ftraitly examine and try, whether the (aid leather fo feized shall be Sufficient and ferviceable, or not, according to the intent and true meaning of this prefent aft.

XXXIV.	And be it further enafted. That every other mayor, bailiff or other head officer or lord of liberty, or his fufficient deputy, out of the said compafs of the said three miles, within whole precinftf or liberties any such feizure of any kind of tanned leather, red or curried, or of any (hoes, boots or other wares made of tanned leather, shall happen to be, shall with all convenient fpeed, after notice unto him. given of any such feizure, appoint fix honeft and expert men to try whether

the

1604.}' Anna secundo [volgo primo] Jacobi. C.22;	117

the fame leather, boots, fliofes dr other wares foieifed, be fuf-ficient and according to -the true intent of this ftatute, or not; the fame trial to be made openly upon fome market-day, and within fifteen days at the fiirtheft next after such feizure made, upon the oaths of the laid triers.

■ XXXV. And be it further  enacted by the authority afore- Theforfetau* feid, That if the said mayor of the city of London for the time ofchkf°f* being, or any other mayor, bailiff,; or other head officer of any SSnrtng other city, borough, corporate or market-town, or any lord enen. * of any liberty, fair or market, shall make default in the nomination or appointment of any of the aforesaid triers to be nominated and appointed in focn manner and form as is before ordained; That then every such msyor, bailiff or other head officer, or lord of liberty, fair or market, making such defintk, shall forfeit and lofe for every such default five pounds; the one moiety thereof shall be to the King’s majesty, his heirs or foccefibrs, ana the other half to him or them that will fue for the feme, in any of the King’s majesty’s courts of record, by bill, plaint; informationor otherwife: (2) and that the said persons (bektfted and appointed for trial of the feid leather, (hoes, boots or othgrowares madeiof tanned leather, fo'to be feized as afore- . faid, shall proceed and do' their duties therein without delay, according to theitrueititent and meaning of-this prefent aft;

£5) upon-pain that evsky of them making default therein, shall for every such fevend default; forfeit and pay five pounds.

KXXVI. And he ir further enacted. That four of the said The fearcher* c^ht fegrcheA ahd fallen fo to be appointed within the feid fnd.fea**r?t®f dtjtxtf London'as-afbrtfaid, (hail beat the end of every year changLiyeart changed.and itaumd, and fo many new chofen in their rooms iy in London.” and places; (2) and that no person or persons shall remain, ctontioue or be in' the fold office of fearehing or fealing of leather within -the feid city of London, above the fpace of two years together; (3) and ne or they which shall ferve or be employed ih the feid office of fearehing and fealing of leather two years,

(hull not in the said office be chofen, ferve or imployed again, until the end of three years at the leaft then next following ; (4;

Upon pam that every person offending or doingthe contrary,

(hall forfeit and lofe for every month that he shall fo contrarily ufe and exercife the feid office, ten pounds.

XXXVII, And be it further enabled-by the authority afore- Theforfeitur* feid. That if any fearcher or fealer of leather shall refufe with of a fearcher Convenient fpeed to feal any leather fufficiently tanned, wrought or fealer omit-and ufed, according to the true meaning of this prefent a<ft, or do allow that which shall be infufficient; That then every bribe*., fearcher and fealer shall forfeit for every such offence forty (hi!- skin. j66# lings : (2) and further. That if any fearcher of leather shall receive any bribe, or cxa£t any other fee for'the execution of his feid office than is by this prefent statute limited, for the fearehing, fealing and regiftering of leather, that then every such fearcher or fealer fo offending shall forfeit for every facts offence twenty pounds: (3) and that if*any person or perfons

I j	duly

*t$ Awio feowto {vulfip prjmo] JAcftBl. 6.s«. [i604.

' duly eLefted according to die type mpapmgpf prefont ad, to and for the execution of the said office dffeerehing or foaling of leather, refufe tp execute the fed office, that then tfco fed person or pprfons fo refilling shall forfeit and pay un1 pounds, pother	XXXVIII.	And be it further eaaftfe) by the authority-afore-

i tidf^hiii	rod	tanned	leather	which	(hall	be	brought	into

to be viewed fh$ city of London or within three miles compels from the fajne, wWregiftred. whether it he to be fold, or be bought befor»rband,'Qg no,

• 0fel be brought to Ltafan-kaU before it be hoofed in his or thnhr own houfos, and there viewed whether it hath been ftaUclfed or foaled, or no> and foall slip be regiftred by the frarohen to be appointed as is aforefoidi with half such fees to foe paid for such of the faid'tanqed leather as 0*aB be bought out of the said city of Londo* or throe tpilf* cotpptfsfrsm the feme, ‘and shall be duly fearefoed and faded before it be braughtfeithiir the said city, a* is hereafter exprdfed for leather to be fold in Lmden-hall j (a)upon pain that every person hunting,- ar-not bringing his leather fo Lwas iseforefed, (fed! forfeit four every hide or ticia Ik shillings eight pence. (j)ft»vid«d. Leather That this article shall npt extend to any leather to be bought tougbt in in	Bdrtbtltmeiv^fair,°r Sonthvjnrk-mtfkLfeting foerched, feal-

fcho? sSSL ed	W!OT#Og*> {** *roe "*%£!& *** “»•	.

wark market. XXXIX. And be h «lfo further cnnSfod by the authority -	..	. aforesaid, That qo tanned leather shall be fold within'the city

fealing of lea-	London, or three ptifos diftant from the fame before the feme

fopr in pr near have been fo arched apd foaled by the ftarchere and fealers, by London. virtue of this aft fo be appointed to and for she fenrotriftgand foaling of leather within the fold city and three, miles dtifent from the fo*PC> upon pain pf forfeiture of all fork tanned leather otherwifo fold or the full value thereof. .	»	i

The penalty Xt». Add also be it further enafted. That if any perfi»iwttf for denying of after the said foaft of St.	next	coming,	Wiffidfy

in^of infuf-*" wthftand or deny any such fearch to be made, according fothe fof.nt	wue*. tenor of this a&es is gforefoid, or will not (lifer the said foreral

mailers and wardens of the jevcral companies of cosdwainere, curriers, girdfors pr fathers or other foarchers fo appointed, to enter into his or their hoyfe or houses or other place, to view and foarch at their will and pleafure, all manner of tanned leather and all manner of (hoes, boots, mails, (addles, coach-coverings mul harnefs, and all manner of wares wrought and made or tp be wrought and made of leather, end to ferae and carry away all such leather, times and wares as they shall find infoffieieotly tanned, curried op wrought or made of til ftulF; that then all and every such person or persons lb denying and withllanding, and not fulfering the Aid (natters and wardens, and foarchers, pr any of them, fo appointed for the time being, to enter and make feafeh, and foize as aforesaid, shall lofe and forfeit for every time fo denying and withflanding, five pounds. Regiftring of XfJ. And bo it further enabled. That such person and per-,ea]h"fo.|“ font, as hereafter shall be altigned apd appointed foarchers 2nd the few **“* foalers of tanned leather by virtue-of this act, shall within thereof.	the

ir9

i£64.]	Annoibcttodo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c.aa.

«lw limits and fMrinAs «f every of theft (cardies keep one book or regiftpr, whsaein they (hail enter all (uch bargains as shall bo made for leather, hides or flans, by any person or peribns, during and by all the tone of the fur or market, being there-upt&mqoired by the boyar orthe (idler, and also the prices of such leather oeoght, and fold, with the names and dwelling places of.thc fatqwr and foUer; (1) taking fa the foarchmg, iealing and regiwing of every ten hides, backs or butts of leather, math the imcks, wombs and dtbfnngs, or other pieces or offal out off foam the said backs or butts of leather, of the feRer of stay (utk ten hides, backs or butts of leather fo entred, two ftaatfand fo after the rate; and for event fix dozen of calves-(kins or (heep-fluns, two pence; and or the buyer, after the lame sateand no more, greater, or other fum or futrts of money 40 be paid for (hatching, (iealing or entring pf any tanned Icatfaen •

XLII. And be it fimher enaAed by the authority aforesaid, The penalty That.no perfonor peribns (haU, after tne&id feaft of St. Bartbo- for felling of lomno next coming, foM, exchange, or-pptaway, or caufe to t*nned ka* he fold, exchanged or put away, any manner of tanned leather, red and unwnxtght, except he or theywgifter or caofe to be ^ yegi fired the (aid tanned leather, and every part arid pared Sheasof, and the price thereof} (a) open pain of forfeiture of die value of the leather fo (Ud, exchanged or put away, and not f*»ftre<h	the penalty

XLlII.And be it-further enaAed by the authority aforesaid,

That that it shall not be lawful to or for any person or peribns or W<1

to buy any tanned leather before the fame shall be fearched and giftred-

foaled, nor to carry or caufe to be carried out of the firir or

market any leather, till it be regiflred as aforesaid; (2) upon

pain to forfeit the said leather or the value thereof fo bought,

and not fearched and foaled, or carried away and not regiftred. The penalty

XL1V. And be it further enaAed by die authority aforesaid,

That if any ourrier within the (aid city of London or three miles omitting his com pale of the fame, after the foaft of St. Bartholomew next duty, coming, do curry any leather infuffetendy tanned, or after the foil feaft do-not curry such leather as he doth or (haH curry, fubftantiaUy and well, according to the meaning and purport of this aA} {2) or if any (hpemaker, cordwainer or cobler within the city of London or three miles compafs of the fame, after the (aid foaft of St. Bartholomew next, put any tanned leather into any (hoes, boots, bulkins, ft art ops, flippers, pantofles or other things made of tanned leather, which shall not be well and perfeAly tanned according to the purport and true meaning of this «A; (3) or after (he fiud feaft do put any curried leather into any boots, buflrins, ftartops, (hoes, flippers, pantofles or other things made of leather, which shall not be weH and fufR- Mod.^Cafts m cientjy tanned and curried, and also foaled as is aforesaid; (4) or aw 1 s* do make boots, buflrins, (hoes, ftartops, flippers, pantofles or other things made of Engii/htanned leather, in other manner ’ than is .above fpeofied and ordained: (5) or if any flioemaker,

14	7	fodl«

No felling of wares in London but in open (hop, fair or market.

All cutters leat her in or near London ihaFTbe under leaich.

Who (Kail have the money forfeited by this statute.

i'

.Annofercmdo [vi^priiiip] JAcwl gna. X*£°4-fedkr or* other artificer, ufing cutting: or workingTofi leather’ do make any. wares of any tanned deariier mfiifficfeatiyjtapped, or of tanned or cumied leather, being mat fq^icany tamnl and curried as .is. aforeftid, (6/)or d® not maketbrir warea-bo*-Jonging to their several occupations fuflioentiy andifubflantialiy: (7) that then every perfqn lb offending shall forfeit for thrcry luch several offence or default, the laid wares and the juft value thereof.

3£LV. Provided always, and be it enaftod. That no max** per of person or persons shall after the laid feaft of' 61.; Barth** hmtto uttqr or fell, or caufe to be uttered or fold, within* the (aid city. ofLondin or within three miles compafeof dip dame, any manner of wares appertaining to the craft or myftery of apy sutificer ufing cutting of leather, but only in opua (hop. Common fair or market, whereby the ft id wardens may thave the true fearch of the fame; (2) upon pain of forfettfono of all filch wares fo fold, and ten shillings for every tifhe.'

XLVI. Provided alway, and be it enabled. That all and every person and persons wfratfoever npw being* or that hereafter iball be, free of the fad city of London, of what company Cbever, and all foreigners, Engltjk, or aliens and (grangers bom, dwelling or inhabiting, or which* hereafter shall dwell or ipiiabit, within the city of London or three miles compafs .of thejame, as. well withm places, privileged as not privileged, ufing or ex* ercifing any manual occupation of cutting or working e£< lea* ther into made wares, shall be under the: furVeyahd. Starch of the matters and wardens of fijeh companies of the fad cky 6f London, as the artificers commonly ufing the fame spy Aery or occupation, being freemen of the city of London and of the fame company, be, touching or concerning only their wares and fluff made of or with leather, in like manner and form as other freemen of the fame company be or shall be, (2) and shall contribute and pay to the feverai matters and wardens of the ftid several companies for the time being within the ftid city, as the artificers ufing the frmp myftery, being freemen of the ftid city and of the fame several companies, shall contribute and pay ; the fame to be recovered by dittrefs or action of debt, in any of the King’s majetty’s courts of record; in which no-wager of law for the defendant to be allowed ; (3) all which pains, penalties and forfeitures aforeftid, of fums of money aforeftid, (except (uch pains, penalties and forfeitures, as. are. before, or hereafter by ' this a6k shall otherwise be difpofed) shall be divided into three equal parts ; pne part whereof shall be to our fovereign lord the King, his heirs and fucceftors, and another part to him or them that shall first fue for the fame in any of the courts of record of the King’s majetty, his heirs and fucceffors, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, information or otherwise ; in winch fuit no wager of law or efibin shall be admitted or allowed; and the third part thereof shall go to the city, borough, town or lord, or lords of liberties, where the offence shall be committed or done; (4) and all such leather, (hoes, boots, bufitins, (lartops, flip*-

. .	pers,

.ifio4>] Aano feraado [vd^prm»] Jaoobx. c.22.	121

persjpantofks, ware*, ftuffwd other things whatfoever, made How the ware* of tanned leather for canned leather, which shall be (rifed by virtue of thba^t, .and (ball be found by the trim to be appoint- forfeited ed as. is aforefeid, or by the mailers and wardens of the fevcnd London, shall companies aforefeid^ to be mfitfrient, shall be forfeited and bediflxibuted. diftnbnted as herpsher fottoweth: That is to fey, fitch leather or duff fofeifed. within the city of London dr within three miles compafe of the fame, to be brought to (Md>fe>#ta£*8dMr,; '* there to be prized by indifferent persons, and the value there- .	-

of to be divided into three parts; whereof one part to be to -1-the first fetfor and feifors of the. laid unlawful fluff, and another part- to the ufc of the chamber of London, and the other part to be diflributed to the poor folks, as well being within the new hofpital of St. BortbokmevSs in London, as to such poor heniholders as shall be inhabiting within the city of London or the circuit aforefeid, at the difcretions of such persons as the mayor of the. feid city and four aldermen of the fame fior the rime bring, shall appoint for the feme: (5) and that all such lea- How the ware* therr beats, (hoes, (addles, ‘wares, fluff and things made of made of tan. or with leather as is aforefeid, which shall be found .within any ned leuber other city, borough, town or place within this-realm, out: of the feid city of London and three miles compafe, infuffipicntly ^ £ <jjf, wrought, tanned or curried as is aforefeid, and shall be (ended tribute*}, sued tried .to be forfeited in manner and form afocefeid, shall he brought to the common hall .of every fiich city, borough and town,' or to Come convenient and open place;to be appointed by theiordraf the liberty or his deputy, when no common hall is, \ . . there to be prized as is aforefeid: (6) one part of the said value -thereof to be difpofed unto thfc poor, and in other deeds of charity in thofe parts,-after the diferotion of the mayors, .bailiffs,	‘ ~

headbonoughs, and lords of liberties; another part to be de-' riveted to. the. mayors, bailiffs and other head officers.of any city,- borough or town corporate, to the ufe of the commonalty of such city, borough or town corporate j and where no such officers be, then to the lord or lords of the. liberty where any such forfeiture shall be committed, dr feifure bad; and the third part to the feifor or feifors of such leather, fluff or wares infuf-ficiently tanned, curried or wrought, as is aforefeid, for his and their paina.

.XLVII. Provided always. That no person >to. whom. any Forfeited such unlawful leather or fluff shall be given by this a&, shall ware shall not give or fell any such leather or fluff to-any person or persons be fold to him that shall fell the. feme, upon pain that the buyer shall forfeit that will fell it for every parcel of such unlawful leather or fluff to be fold, con- aSain> tnry to the true meaning of thislaft claufe, three (hillings-four-pence.

XLVIII. Provided always. That this a$, nor any thing -j*hc autho- ’ therein contained, mall not in any wife be prejudicial or hurt- rity of the ful to the chancdjors, vice-chancellors, proftors, taxors- and officer* «>f Ox-fcholars, their officers, miniflers, ^ffigns or formers, of the |°f‘}an^-Cam* uoivejrities of Oxford and Cambridge,or any of (hem, of, for fta^oMea-

or ther referred.

m

What (ball be reputed leather.

What officers may inquire of and punhh the offences •frrcfaid.

The fteward's authority of a manor of the. King's.

Dry-currying and firming of leather, and who may ufe it.

This ad (haU extend to

Wain.

Anno ftrmrio [nilgp prioio] Jacobi* ca%. [1604*

or eoopermng the authority of foarch of turned leather, or anjr of the forfeitures of die fame, which they lawfully had or might tare had before the making of this prtKnt ad; fo as thcy do in all things obforve such order in, about, or. for fear change, foaling and xtgpftring of leather, as by this ad is preferibed and appointed, upon the pain therein contained $ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftaading.

XLIX. And for the avoiding of all andhgwties and doubts which mayemd do grow upon the definition and interpretation of this word leather, (a) it is  enacted and dedared by thefe prefents, That the hides and fkins of ox, fleer, bull, cow, calf, deer tied and failpw, goats and (beep, being tanned or tawed, and every falf hide, is, fhaH be and ever hath been reputed and taken for leather.

L. And for the better execution of this act, be it forebear enabled, Thyt all juftkes of affife, justices of gaol-delivery* justices of peace, and Howards >of firanchiles, lcets and law-days, within their fevejal precin&s, jurifdibfions and liberties* and mayor of London for the time being, within the laid city* end within three miles eompafs of the fame city, andatt other mayors baiiiffc and other head officers of cities, boropghs and towns, within their federal jurifdiftions, liberties, precin&s, offices and authorities, shall enquire of all the presides m their foffions, ieet or law-day, and hear or determine the fame, and also by their dilbretions examine all perfoas fufpebbed to offend t jua aft dr any parcel thereof.

LI. And be k further enabled, That where any manor, liberty or fcmehife immediately appertained to the King’s ma-jefty, his heirs or fucceffors, the Howard for the time being of every fach manor, liberty and franchife, Hull have the like authorities, powers, jumdi&ions and advantages, and also ihall bear and pay all the like pains, penalties and forfeitures,

M are given, appointed, limited or lud by this statute to or upon the lords of liberties and franchiics, as in this Hatute is exprefled.

LII. And be it further enabled. That all currying and dreffmg of leather, commonly called dry-currying and fhzing, shall be condrued to be drefimg and currying of the manner of Spanijb leather, of what colour foever it be j and that to all artificers (other than fhoemakers yearly between the last of September and the twentieth of April) it shall be lawful to ufe all kinds of leather dreffed and curried in that manner of dry-currying and fricing as they lawfully might before the making of this ad, fo that the fame leather fo to be ufed be well and fofficiently tanned, according to the form preferibed in this act, and also well and fubllantiaUy drefled, curried and firmed* in the manner of dry-currying ana frizing abovefaid.

LIII. And be it enafteo by the authority aforesaid. That this abl and every part thereof, mall be condrued and adjudged to extend to Wales as amply as it doth to this realm, to all intents conftru&ions and purposes.

LIV. And

i6o±.] Anno ftfevjdbfrulgo	Jacobi,	c.22.	12$

LIV. AndforafOuub as	tfatwithJIanSvg the laws and great The forfeiture

penalties Inmat behalf provided) great	asu leather are

tnonjpertedout ef this realm, and	ejfecfal by the negligence »"&

eamptimof Comptrollers, tuftmerss fear chert, and all their tranfported, paties;. belt therefore enacted bythe authority aforesaid, That and nottofeife if any leather wrought, cut, or unwrought, to the intent to be or difclofe it. fold or bartered, shall fttreMfer (mfewfolly be tranfported, or pqrppfed to be tranfported, into the parte beyond tfee fea, frotn and out pf any port, haven pr creek of this realm, or Walts \ every comptroller, cuftomer, furveyor, colleftor of tonnage and poundage, and itne fearchcrs, and the deputy of any of them, dr any other portions hearing or knowing fay any ways of any feather meant to be traftfpertad 6001 any plaice within his odor, and do npt his heft endeavours to firife the feme, or being trarrf-parted, de hot difclofe or cahfe to be difclofed th# fame, within forty days next after fiich knowfedgror hearing of the. fame, in foiri* court of rmdnd^fo as tfae oflerafermay be punched according	.	1

to the laws in that cafe provided, fhajil for every the 'firftoffenee oommittedagain# this article, forfeit an handled pounds; (j) arid for the feeood offence shall alia forfeit his office.

■ hV:, Apd be. if forther enafted, That every euftomer, officer or Officer’s deputy, that (ball make any ralfe cerrificateof the arrival of- any leather in any port, creek or place of this ftrnlm, (haH *l(b forfeit for every fiich ofom an hundred pounds.

LVI. Provided alsray. That neither this act, nor any article. This ad shall exposition or thing therein- contained, shall extend to any .not extend to

Seetijhhitfes to be brought into the town of BertoUk our of the Scot**®* hide* realm of Scotland, being regiftred in a book therefore to	to

kept by fiich person or persons as the mayor ef the fold town for the time being shall thereunto name and appoint, with foe dame and fiimamo of the buyer and feller, to the intent the

Engkjb hides might be known froth the Scoti/h; but that the inhabitants of the feid town of Berwi may fend, carry and tranfport fiich Scotijb hides as they lawfully might tranfport before the making of this act,

LVII. Provided always, and ’be it enacted by the authority Licences to aforesaid. That if any person or perfona shall at any time here- difpenfe with after procure or obtain any grant or letters patents, purporting to give licence or authority to any person or persons to difpenfe with or tolerate any offence again# any daufe, provision or be void, article in this prefent aft, that then and immediately from and after -fiich letters patents or grant obtained, all and every such daufes, articles and provjfions, fo by the feid letters patents or grant authorized or licenced to be difpenfed with or tolerated continued as aforefeid, shall be utterly repealed, void and of no effeft; until the end any thing in this prefent aft contained to the contrary in any of the next wife notwithstanding : (1) this aft to endure until the end of |'n‘on of P*r-the next feffion of the next parliament.	uament.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, a repeal of That as well one ftatutc made in the fifth year of the reign of the flatute of our late fovereign lady Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An alt - JEhz-c- *•

124	Anno	iecundo [rulgo photo] JACOBI. aaj. [*i6

%nd of all. earning tanners, curriers, and other artificers occupying cutting of former fta-	Uatber, as all fprmer statutes, and every part or parts of any

bytlw^fame f°rtner statute or statutes thereby repealed, shall from hence—. :	f	forth be utterly repealed for ever. 3 Car. i*c. 4. Continued

until the end of the first fejjion of the next parliament, and farther* continued by xo Car• 1. c. 4.

CAP. XXIII.

5 for the better prefervation of fijhing in the counties cf Somerfct, Devon and Cornwal, and for the relief of bulkers, condors and fijhermeh against malicious fails•

To what end TT7HEREAS the trade of fijhing for herrings, pilchards and Jalkcr!>“n' VV fean-fijb, within the counties of Somerfet, Devon * and reftor* did" Comwal, is and of late time bath been very great and profitable, as watch upon wll to divers of the fijbermen and inhabitants which dwell near the hills in tithing- fea-coafis within the find counties, as in the cities .of London and timc-	Exeter, and elfewbert within the realm ^England and the dominions

thereof: (2) and whereas also for the necejfary ufe of the taking of the /aid herrings, pilchards and otherfean-fijb,dwers per fins within tne • find counties called baiters, buors, condors, directors or gmdors at the* fijhing-times for the fetid herrings, pilchards and otherfean-fijb within tbe said counties time out of mind have ifed to watch and attend upon the high lulls and grounds near adjoining to the fea-coafis within the find'* counties, for the difiovermg and giving notice to the fijbermen and-’ * '	inhabitants near adjoining, when the said herrings, pilchards and fean-

. fiflrxme towards or near the fea-coafis there, and for the gniding and direfling of the fijbermen in their boats upon the fea-coafis for the taking of the said herrings, pilchards and other fean-fijb. ’

Suits com-	II. And whereas also now of late divers persons having lands, te-

menced a-	nements and* hereditaments near or adjoining to the fea-coafis within

gainft balkers, tfa fed counties where the fijhing places for the taking of the said fifl”crs”for herrings, pilchards and other fian-fijh are, have brought their affions entering into tf trejpnfs at the common law, as well in the high courts of record the grounds at Weftminfter, as in inferior courts within the said counties, not of others. only againjl such balkers, buors, condors, direflors andguiiors, but , >	alfo againjl fuck fijbermen and other persons, for breaking of their

clofe, as have attended their feans or nets for the drawing and'carrying of the said fifes on land or jbore, and have recovered againjl them cofes and damages, to their great lofs and expences; (2) by nafere whereof, such watchmen, balkers, huors, condors, direflors and gmdors, and fetch other persons as heretofore have attended the find feans and fijhing, have Jorborn to enter into or go upon the lands, tenements, and hereditaments near adjoining to such fijhing places within the said counties, for the watching or dijeovery of the said herrings, pilchards and other fean-fijb, or to balk, hue, cond or direfl, or to attend the feans or nets as heretofore they have done, and will liicwife forbear the fame hereafter, if provifton be not had and made that they may lawfully enter into and upon such lands, tenements and hereditaments as do lie near or adjoining to the said fea-coajls and places of fijhing as aforesaid, for their watching, balk-t ing, aireflhig and attending of the fearn, as is aforesaid:

III. for

y6o4>) Amo fccondo [yulgoprimo] Jacobi. c.*4.’	12	j

m.	For remedywhereof, and for the maintenance of the /aid trade Ballten, con-offijbing, which dothfo greatly tend tetbe profit of many of	4®" an<*

habitants within the find counties, and others, (a) be it therefore ente^'mtcTthe enacted by our fovereign lord the King, the lords fpiritual and ground* of temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament affem- other* to take bled. That it (ball and may be lawful at all time and times here* ordifcover after to and for all and every Arab watchmen, balkers, huors, con-dors, diredors and guiaors, and all such filhermen and other persons as shall neceffarily attend the said feans or nets, as aforesaid, at the times of filning for herrings, pilchards and 'other fean-filh within the find counties where such filh ihaU hereafter be taken, to enter and go into and upon any landr,	•

tenements and hereditaments which do lie or adjoin near unto any such filhing places, and lit, convenient and necefiary to watch and Joalkin, or to draw and carry the laid fifii on Ihore, and there to watch for the said fifti, and to balk, hue, cond, direct and guide the filhermen which ihall be upon the faid. lea and fea-coafts for the taking of the said filh, and to draw and carry the laid filh on land or Ihore any law, usage or custom to the contrary in any wife notwithftandmg.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid, The plea for That , if any adion of trefpafe or other fuit shall at any time * condor, bal-hereafter happen to be attempted and brought aeainft any per- or®ltr (bn or persons for entring and going on the land for watching Jjf trefpafr1* of the said filh, or for balking, huing, conding, direding or brought guiding of the said filhermen in their-boats, uponfca or fear against him. coalls for taking of the laid filh, or for the landing of the said filh, as aforesaid, by authority of this prefent ad, the defendant or defendants in any such adion or fuit shall and may plead ' not guilty for any thing doing by virtue of this ad: (2}and upon the trial of that iffue, the whole matter to be given on both parties in evidence according to the very truth of the fame 1

(3)	and after such iffue tried for the defendant or defendants, or nonfuit of the plaintiff or plaintiffs after appearance, the liune defendant or defendants to recover his or their damages, by reafon of his or their wrongful vexation in that behalf, with colls alio in that behalf fuftalned 5 (4) and that to be afiefled by the feme juiy that shall try the said ifiiie; or elfe by writ to . enquire of the damages as the cafe Ihall require; (5) for which colls and damages iuch defendant Ihall and may by virtue of this ad take and fue forth such execution as the defendant in a replevin may do.

C AP. XXIV..

An aft against the deceitful and falfe mating of mildernix and	powle-davies, whereof fail-ciotbes for the navy and

other Jhipping art made.

WHEREAS the clothes called mildernix and	,	Firft made in

whereof fail-clothes and other furniture for the navy and France, and flipping art made, were heretofore altogether brought .out of Prance *fler learne<1 6	and

wdpra&ifed in England. 9Gco.ax.37*

Mildemix made in England neither of good fluff, nor well wed.

Who only shall make raildernix or powle-davies.

Of wbat fluff, coodnefs, length and breadth, mil-demix and powle-davies null be made.

Anso fircundd [rulgo priitao} JAflott. C14.	(1604.

and other parti beyond the feas,and the Jkitt art mating and weaving of the /aid tiotbes never known or ufodin England* until about tie hoe and thirtieth year of the reign of the late Queen tf famous memory QjteenElizabeth, about	and stot ,

the forfeit art and find of making and weaving of the fiid was attained unto, and fit hence	prailifed and in tbit realm,

te the great benefit and commodity thereof:

II.	And whereat of late many of the King's	not

trained nor brought up in the find art, nor any ways fittlfw	,

have	notunthfianding, upon	defire of made and , or

(oufed to be made and weaved,ntartf clothes In Uientfs and Jbtw tf mildemix andpowle-davies, but in truth neither made	duff at

the hid mildernin and pewit-davits ere and ought te be made of, nor fo well driven or weaved, nor yet of that length nor ,as the true clothes called	mildemix and powle-davies are	and ought te be ;

(a) Infemuch that the /did clothes do yearly and daily grew werft and Worfi, and are made more thinner, Seighttr and meaner, than heretofore thty have ken, to the great deceit and hurt of all his Higbnefs loving fubfifis that art te ufe and employ the fame about the finis and other furniture of their /hips end Jailing vt/ftls, and to the great damage tf hit Higbnefs navy, the chief eft ftrength of this , {next unto God and hts Higbnefs) and	time	like utterly

to evertbrtw the art dnd trade tf mating cloth tf that kind within this realm j whereupon his Higbnefs faidfuhjeiiss as well tit makers as uferstf the find clethts are much hurt and impeveri/bed through the detntfulmfs ,unfkilfuhufs and ignorance of iht weavers and makers tfthe said slothes.

III.	For remedy and redrefs whereof, be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majesty, with the aflertt of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the feme, That no perfob or perfona reliant, inhabitant or dwelling within this realm, shall at any time after the first day Of Aisgufl next coming make, weave or caufe to be made and weaved, any such doth or clothes for fails, or furniture of lhips, at other failing vefiels, called, termed or known by the name or names of

and	powle-davies, or any of them, but such ae now do ufe

the mum, ctany of their fervants, or such as shall hereafter be apprentices, and trained and brought up in the trade and art of making of the laid clothes by the fpace of foven years together at theleaft, nor shall fet any man to work in the making or weaving of any such clothes, being not a workman trained up before the first day of Augujl next coming in the said art and myftery j (2) upon pain that sVery such person offending or doing the oontrary, shall forfeit and lofe for every default twenty shillings for every month.

IV.	And further. That rio person of persons from and after the said first day of Augujl shall make or weave the said clothes of any other fluff than of gdod and fufficient hemp, nor of any left length than three and thirty yards, nor of any kfs breadth than tore* quarters of a yard: (a) nor that the weaver,

or

i6<>4'1 Afino secundo pnilgft printo] Jacobi.	it;

or other perion or periefis, shall fell or Offer to (fell any of the (aid clothes before die fluff be well beaten, fcoured, bleached, and the doth well driven with a brafeh or iron (buttle) (3) upon pain that every person offending or doing the cOntra herein, shall forfeit and lofe for every fueh piece of doth woven, made or fold contrary to thO form of this ad, fire (hillings.

V.	And be It further enaded by the authority aforesaid, Who (had That the one moiety of the benefit of all the fbridtaped and have the foe.-penalties in this aft contained shall come and be unto the King'k tenure*, mod excellent majesty, hit heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety thereof unto (uch ad Will fiae for the ikmo in any of the King’s majesty’s courts, by bill, plaint, adion of debt, information or otfierwife; in which adions, fuits, plaints or informations, no wager of law, eflom or protection shall be allowed.

CAP. XXV.

An act for continuing and reviving of divers statutes, and for repealing of some others,

BE it enacted by authority of this present parliament, That sh‘£?*.

one aft made in the one and twentieth year of the reign of **	*’c'

the late King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An fee the true making tf	cables, baifers and rapes :

II.	And that an aft made in (he four and twentieth year of Cattle, the reign of the said King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An	*♦	*•e* •*

agoing killing ofyoukg beafts tailed weanlings :

III.	And that two acts made in the parliament holden at , fVeftmmfler by prorogation the fourth day of Aand	x',*‘

continued until the first day of February next after, in tile third 3&+Bd.6.e.ii. and fourth years of the reign of the late King Edward the Sixth, the one concerning the buying and felling of rother beafts and cattle > the other intituled. An off for toe baying and felling tf butter and thtefe:

IV.	And that one aft made in the first year of the reign of Fllh. the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An alt for pnfervatsm of1 El* c> 17" Jpewn andfry offiflt:

V.	And that an ad made in the fifth year of the reign Of the Merchant*, said late Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An alt far	divers s El- «•	7*

foreign wares made by bandstraftfmm beyond :

VI.	And (b much of another ad made in the fame year, in* Fiih. tituled. An alt touching certain politick confutations made for the 5 E,iz- e. 5-maintenance tf the navy, as is not repealed by any later flatute nor doth concern the tnmfportation of herring or other fea-filh, nor fireedom of cuftom, fubfidy or tonnage for the fame, nor tranfportation of com j together with all and every other additions, explanations and alterations made thereunto or thereof, or of any part thereof, by any flatute or statutes made fithenoe the making of the said last mentioned ad, and now (landing in force:

VII.	And t&at an ad made in the eighth year of the reign of the (aid late Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An all for	and * ** c‘,9'

the prices of bows:

VIII. And

ta8 Anno foctmdo [vulgo primo] Jacobi, c.25.	{1C04.Z

Purveyor*. ■ VIII. .And that three ads made in the thirteenth year of **• her late Majesty’s Deign: one, intituled, afl that purveyors

perfons.

*3 £1. c, Lcafei.

13 El.

zo.

flwy take grain* cent and viftuals, within five miles of Cambridge and Oxford, /« certain cafes; (a) another, An'aft againftfraudsdefleat-remedies for dilapidations; (3) the third, An aft touching leafes .	benefices and other ecdsfaJUcal livings with cure, together with

*8 Eli" C’X!’	and every explanations, additions and alterations thereof, or

4.3 Eliz. c. 9*	“J °f them, or to any of them, made by feveraf statutes of

the fourteenth, eighteenth and three and fortieth years of her said lateMaiefiy’s reign:

Ways.	IX.	And	that	an	ad	made	in	the	eighteenth year of

18 Eliz. c. 20. her said Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for the repairing and amending of bridges and highways near unto the city of Ox-ford:

X. And fi> much of one other ad made the fame eighteenth year, intituled, An act for fetting the poor on work, and avoiding of ialenefsy as concerneth baftaras begotten out of lawful matrimony:

XL And that two ads made in the feven and twentieth year of her laid Majesty’s reign, the one intituled. An act for the good government of the city or borough of Wefminjler; (a) the other. An act for reviving a former fatute for true making of malt; (3) Corn. ' together also with an ad made in the nine and thirtieth year of 39 Etiz. c.ji6. her said Majesty’s reign, intituled, An aft to refrain the exceffwe making of malt 5 (4) and a third ad made in the said feven and

Poor.

18 Elk. c. 3.

FYanchifes.

27 Eliz. net fritted*

Corn.

27 Eliz, c. 14.

Meafures.

31	Eliz. c. 8. rranchife.

32	Eliz. not printed.

Pope.

Eliz. c. z.

27 z. c. 24. twentieth year of her said Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act for keeping the fea-banls and fea-works in the county of Norfolk :•

XII.	And two ads made in the one and thirtieth year of her said Majesty’s reign; the one intituled. An act for the true gaging of vejfels brought from beyond the feas, converted by brewers for the utterance and Jale of ale and beer; (2) the other. An act for reviving and enlarging of a flatute made in the three and twentieth year of her said Majeffs reign, for the relief of the city of Lincoln :

XIII.	And that three ads made in the five aitd thirtieth year of her said Majesty’s reign; one intituled. An aft to retain the ghteetfs majeffs fvbjefts in their due obedience; (2) another for reformation of Jundry abufes in clothes called Devonjhire kerftes or dozens, according to a proclamation of the four, and thirtieth year of her said Majeffs reign; (3) the .third. An act for the bringing in of clap-board from the parts of beyond the feaSy and the refraining of the tranfporting of wine-cajk, for the fparing and preserving of Umber within the realm:

. XIV. And the several ads hereafter mentioned, made in the nine and thirtieth year of her said Majesty’s reign, that is to fay, an ad intituled. An aft againf the decaying of towns, and houses of hujbandry;

XV. An ad, intituled, An act for the maintenance of hujbandry and tillage; together with such explanations and provifions as

there-

35 Eliz. c. zo. Merchants.

35 Eliz. C..1Z,

Huftxmdry. 39 Eliz. c. 1.

Husbandry. 39 Eliz. c. 2. 43 Eliz. c. 9.

129

1604.] Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi, c.25.

thereunto are added by the (latute made in the three and fortieth year of her said Majesty’s reign:

XVI.	An a dk, intituled, An ad for the increafe of mariners, and Fife. for maintenance of the navigation, repealing a former a dk made in 3? Elir. c.10. the three and twentieth year of her said Majesty’s reign, bearing •

the fame title:	*3	•	•	7*

XVII.	An aft, intituled* An ad for explanation of the fila- Apprentice.

tute made in the fifth year of her said Majefiifs reign, concerning 39 EH*-c* labourers:	5 E ,z> c* ^

XVIII.	An adk, intituled,^# ad prohibiting the bringing into Drapery.

/A/V realm of foreign cards for wool:	39 Eliz. c. 14.

XIX.	An adk, intituled. An ad against lewd and wandering per- Poor.

fonsr pretending to be foldiets or mariners:	39	*•	>7*

XX.	An adk, intituled, An ad for the punijhment of roguls, Peon

vagabonds and Jhirdy beggars, (2) with this provifion to be an- 39 Elre* nexed thereunto by authority of this present parliament, That	*7*

the said last mentioned adk, nor any thing therein contained,

(hall impeach, avoid, prejudice or redrain such liberty and inheritance of John Dutton of Dutton in the county of Chefter, efq; and his anceftors, whofe heir he is, have lawfully ufed and exercifed, in allowing minftrels in the county palatine and county of the city or Chefief, and for government Of minftrels there, and keeping a court yearly for that purpose.

XXI.	And that the feyeral adks hereafter mentioned, made Poor.

in the three and fortieth year of the reign of the said late Queen 43c. 3; Elizabeth, that is to fay, an adk, intituled. An adfor the necejfary relief of foldiers and mariners;

XXII.	An adk, intituled. An ad to avoid trifling and Suits. frivolous fiats in law in her Majejifs courts at Weftmin- 43 c*

filer*

XXIII.	An adk, intituled. An ad for the relief of the poor; poor, with this addition, viz. be it enacted* That all persons, to 43 Eliz. c. s< whom the overfeers of. the poor shall, according to this adk,

bind any children apprentices, may take and receive, and keep them as apprentices; any former (tatute to the contrary not-wlthftaftding;

XXIV.	An adk, intituled. An ad for the true shaking and Drapciy.

working of woolen clothes; {2) an adk, intituled. An ad ft 43 Eliz. c. so.' prevent perjury and fubornation of perjury, and unnecefifary ex- Certiorari. fences in fuits in law; (3) shall be continued and remain^\\theafore-in force until the end or the first feflion of the next par- raid statutes liament.	continued un~

XXV.	Provided neverthelefs. That fo much of every of^

the said adks as by any new adk made in this feflion of^j^^1011 parliament, shall be altered or repealed, shall (land dif- parliament, continued.	EXP.

XXVI.	Provided alfo3 and be it further eiiadkcd by the au- Gj™* thority of this present parliament, That when the prices of corns or grains exceed not the rates hereafter following, at the poned. times, havens and places, where and when the fame corn or Altered by

Vol.VII.	K	grain

1. C. If.

The King's custom and poundage of com tranf. ported.

Cora.

130 Anno secundo [vulgo prlmo] Jacobi, c.25.	[1604..

3 Jac. t.c. 11. grain shall be (hipped or loaded, viz. The quarter of wheat at fix and twenty shillings eight pence; the quarter of rye, 1 W&M. flat. an<* beans at fifteen (hillings; the quarter of barley or malt, at fourteen shillings of current Engttjb money; that then it shall be lawful for all and every person and persons, being fubjefts of the King’s majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, to tranfport of his own, (2) and to buy and tranfport any of the said corns and grains unto any parts beyond the feas in amity with his Majesty, to fell as merchandize, in (hips, crayers or other veflels, whereof any Englijb born fubje& or fubjedts then shall be the owner or owners; any law, usage or statute to the contrary hereof notwithstanding: and that the King’s majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, shall have and receive by the cuftomers and officers of his ports, for the custom or poundage of every quarter of wheat to be tranfported by force of this ftatute, two (hillings; of every quarter of other grain, fixteen-pence: which said several Aims (o to be had and taken as custom or poundage, to be in full fatisfadtion of a]l manner of custom or poundage for the said corn or grain, by any conftitution, order, ftatute, law or custom heretofore made, ufed or taken, for tranfporting of any such manner of corn or grain.

XXVII.	Provided always, and be it enafied by the authority of this prcfent parliament, That the King’s majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, may at all times by his and their writ of proclamation, to be publilhed generally in the whole realm, or in any of the counties of the realm where any port-towns are, command, that no person shall by virtue of this adt tranfport or convey any manner of grain out of his Highnefs dominions generally, or out of any fpecial ports, to be in the fame proclamation particularly named, for such time as shall be therein limited and appointed: (2) and it shall not be lawful for any person to carry out any such grain, contrary to the tenor or the fame proclamation, upon such pains and forfeitures as by the laws and statutes of this realm are and have been provided and ordained in that behalf; this adt or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

aXVIII. Provided also, and be it enabled. That no person or persons shall incur any penalty for want of length, breadth or weight of JVelfl) cottons, under the price of fifteen-pence the yard, or two shillings the goad, fo as they be not mixt with hair or other deceitful fluff; (2) nor for any others above that price, except they be mixt as aforesaid, or shall (brink above the rate of half a yard in twelve yards of length, or weigh lefs than fourteen ounces the yard, or hold not full three quarters of a yard broad.

XXIX. And also be it enacted. That an adt made in the fifth year of the reign of the said late Queen Eliza-tftb9 for puniftunent of perjury, shall be revived and continued

Drapery. forfarther frovifions relating hereto, fee 3 Jac. i. c. 17.

Oath.

5 Eliz. c. 9.

1604.] Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi, c.25.	131

tinued until the end of the first feffion of the next parliament.

21 Jac. 1. c. 28. f. 8.

XXX.	And that one aft made in the fourteenth year of Firft-fruit*. the reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An aft a-14 Eli*-c. 7* gainjl the deceit of under-colleftors of the tenths and fubfidies of

the clergy:

XXXI.	And one other aft made in the feven and twentieth Accountant, year of the reign of the said late Queen, intituled. An act for *7 Eljz. c. 3. the explanation of the fatute made in the thirteenth year of the

reign of the said late §>ueen, intituled, An aft to make the lands, tenements, goods and chattels of tellers, receivers, &c. liable to the payment of their debts; (2) shall from the end of this prefent feffion of parliament be revived and (land in force; any repeal heretofore made thereof, or of any of them, to the contrary not-withflanding.

XXXII.	And that fo much of one aft made in the fourteenth Poor, year of the reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An i+Eliz. c.

aft for the punijhment of vagabonds, and for the relief of the poor and impotent, as concemetn the taxing, rating, levying, receiving and employing of gaol money, shall be revived from henceforth, and Hand and continue until the end of the first feffion of the next parliament.

XXXIII.	And be it also further enacted by the authority Sewen. aforesaid. That the statute made in the feven and twentieth year of the said Qyeen Elizabeth, intituled, An act for the main-tenance of the pier and cob of Lyme-Regis in the county of Dorfet, shall be continued and (land in force and ftrength for and during the fpace of ten years next enfuing the first day of this present parliament, and from thence to the end of the next feffion of parliament.

[Sanctuaries extinct.]
XXXIV.	And be it also enacted by the authority of this present parliament, That so much of all statutes as concerneth abjured persons and sanctuaries, or ordering or governing of persons abjured, or in sanctuaries, made before the five and thirtieth year of the late Queen Elizabeth's reign, shall also stand repealed and be void.

XXXV.	And also that an aft made in the two and /vpparel. twentieth year of the reign of King Edward the Fourth ,2 Ed. 4. c, 5. against fulling of hats, bonnets and caps in fulling-

mills:

XXXVI.	And an aft made in the third year of King Henry Apparel,

the Eighth, intituled, An aft concerning the making of caps and *	8*	c*	x5*

hats :

XXXVII.	And an aft made in the one and twentieth year Apparel, of King Henry the Eighth, intituled. An aft limiting the price of*'*■ c« 9« bats and caps brought from beyond the feas:

XXXVIII.	And an aft made in the feventhyear of King Ed- Apparel, . ward the Sixth, intituled. An act for the true fulling and thicking of 7 Ed# 6*c* *# caps :

XXXIX.	And an aft made in the first year of Queen Mary, in- Apparel,

tituled. An act for thefade of hats and caps made beyond the fca:	1 & *	***•

K 2	XL.	An

Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi, c.25.	£i<k>4;

XL. An aft made in the fourth year of King Henry the Fifth, That patten-makers {hould make no pattens nor clogs of timber called afp, together with an aft made in the fourth year of King Edward the Fourth, That patten-makers might make pattens or clogs of such pieces of timber called afp, as was not convenient or fufficient for (hafts:

XLI. And an aft made in the fifteenth year of King Richard <5 R. *. c. n. the Second, touching girdlers gamifhing their girdles with white metal:

XLII. And an aft made in the fifth year of King Edward the Sixth* intituled, An aft againji pedlars and tinkers:

XLIII. And fo much of an aft made in the feventh year of the reign of the laid King Edward the Sixth, intituled, An aft made to avoid the great and excejjive prices of wines, as doth concern the felling of wine at certaintrices, or forbidding or refraining the having of wines in mens houfes:

XLI V. And an aft made in the fourth year of King Edward the Fourth, That no ftranger or alien (hould buy any Englifb horns unwrought, and that the wardens of the homers (hould have power to fearch all manner of wares pertaining to their my f-tery in London, and four and twenty miles on every fide of it: In part revived by 7 Jac. 1. r. 14.

Apparel.	XLV.	And	that	an	aft	made	in	the	four	and twentieth year

*+H. 8. c. 13. of the late King Henry the Eighth for reformation in excels of x&xPh.&M. apparel j together with another aft bearing the fame title, made

132

Wood.

tar*

4 Ed. 4. c. 9,

Metal.

Poor.

5 & 6 Ed. 6. c. xi.

Wine,

7 Ed. 6. c. 5.

Trades.

4 Ed. 4. c,

c. x.

All statutes that concern apparel repealed.

3 lnft. 199. Wars

in the first and fecond years of the reign of the late King Philip and Queen Mary, and all other afts heretofore made concerning apparel :

XLVI. And an aft made in the fourth and fifth years of the late King Philip and Queen Mary, for the having and keeping of 4^5 Ph. &M. horfe, armour and weapon:

XLVII. And a statute made in the fifth year of the reign of our late fovereign lady Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An aft touching tanners, curriers, Jboemakers and other artificers occupying the cutting of leather: (2) shall likewise henceforth be repealed and void.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority of this present parliament. That an aft made in the first year of the reign of Queen Mary, intituled. An act for the repeal of certain fiatutes made in the time of King Edward the Sixth, shall ftand repealed and void.

XLIX. And that an aft made in the feffion of parliament holden upon prorogation ox Wefiminfier the fourth day of November in the fecond year of the reign of the late King Edward the Sixth, and there continued and kept to the fourteenth day of March in the third year of the said late King’s reign, intituled, An aft to take away all pofitive laws madeagainfi the marriage of priefis:

L. And an aft made in the feffion of parliament holden i	upon

C. X.

Leather.

5 Eliz. c. 9.

Continuance. 1 M. feff. x. c. x.

The 15 last statutes repealed.

Marriage of priefts. x & 3 Ed. 6.

«. XI.

EcclcfiaAical

1604.] Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c.26.	133

upon prorogation at Wtftminfter the three and twentieth day of P^fons. January in the fifth year of the reign of the laid King Edward J *26 the Sixth, and there continued and kept until the fifteenth day p^rtuaL of April in the fixth year of his reign, intituled. An aft made for declaration of a Jlatute made for the marriage ofprieJlsy and for the legitimation of weir children; (2) shall (land revived, and be in force for ever, the said adl of repeal notwithstanding: (3) and the children of ecelefiaftical persons in the said adl men- The cfaildrea tioncd, (haH be and continue legitimate and inheritable to all of eccldiafti-intents and purposes, in such fort as children of lay persons do ?\P5^?n#. enjoy and may inheritj any canon orponditutipn to the contra-ry notwithstanding. ;	heritable.

CAP. XXVI.

An aft far the continuance and due obfervation of certain orders for the exchequer, firfi fet down and eftabUJbed by virtue of a privy feat from the late Sheets Elizabeth.

TV/T OST humbly pray your excellent Majesty, your mojl loving A confirma-

IVJL andfaithful fubjefts the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the bon of certain

commons^ in this present parliament affemUed, That whereas the late

Queen Elizabeth in the thirteenth year of her happy reign, out

her princely grace and meer motion, by her gracious privy leal, to the ~

then lord treafurer, chancellor and barons of her Majesty s exchequer

dire fled) did authorize and command them to fet down and eftablijb

certain orders touching the awarding of procefs, difcharge without

pleading) difcharge of ifjues, and the rates of fees within the office

of the lord treafurer9s remembrancer in the exchequer: by virtue of

which her royal commandment, upon grave deliberation) and with the

privity and confent of her Majesty's then learned council thereunto

called, divers orders, being mojl honourable and agreeable to juft

ttce) were conceived and efiablijbed\ which orders be to this bill an*

nexed:

II.	May it pleafe your mod excellent Majesty, for the efta-* bli(hment,i continuance and furtherance of her said Majesty’s then mod gracious intention, and of your Majesty’s mod abundant grace and favourable inclination to the good and eafe of your Highnefs fubjedts, that it may be enacted, and by

the authority of this present parliament, be it enacted by the Certain iffiics King’s pnoft excellent Majesty, with the aflent of the lords fpi- forfeited (ball ritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament be remitted, aflembled. That all manner pf iflues loft and forfeited, or hereafter to be loft and forfeited, which by the true intent of the fame late Queen’s mod gracious privy feat, and the said orders hereunto annexed, ought to be remitted and difeharged against her said Majesty, be, and at all times for ever hereafter shall be acordingly, by virtue of this prefent adt, clearly difeharged and acquitted against your Majesty, your heirs and fuccef-fors.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. The forfeiture That if the lord treafurer’s remembrancer for the time being, of Iiiim that or any of his clerks, shall from and after the last day of pffcn<**con’

K 3	this

*34	' Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi, c-26.	£1604.

trary to the this prefent feffion of parliament award any procefs, exad laid order*. any p]eading, or take any fees, or otherwise in any point demean him or themfelves contrary to the true meaning of any the said orders, that then for every such offence which the said lord treafurer’s remembrancer or his deputy, or any of his or their clerks shall commit, the person fo offending, (2} or in cafe any such person fo offending be unable to fatisfy, the said lord treafurer’s remembrancer himfelf, shall forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty pounds; (3) whereof the one moiety to be to your Majesty, your heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to the party grieved, to be fued for within two years of the offence committed, by a&ion of debt. Bill, -plaint or information, in any your Majesty’s courts of record at W'eflmin-filer \ wherein no efloin, prote&ion, wager of law or. privilege shall be allowed.

The orders IV. The orders fet down for refpeft of homage, by the right for refpeft of honourable Sir William Cecil, of the honourable order of the gar-on*a*c’	Ur, inight, baron of Burghley, lord treafunr of England, and

mafter of the court of wards and liveries. Sir Walter Mildmay knight, chancellor and vice-treafurer of her Highnefs court of the exchequer, Sir Edward Saunders knight, lord chief baron of the said court, and other the barons of the fame, calling unto them Gilbert Gerrard efq\ her Majejly's attorney general, and Thomas Bromley efq\ her Highnefs jblicitor general, and made the fifteenth day of June in the year of our Lord God one thousand five hundred threefcore and thirteen, and in the fifteenth year of the reign of our fevereign Lady Elizabeth, by the grace of God, Sjhceen of England, France and Ireland, defender of the faith. See. according to her Majejlys privy feal to thefaid treafurer and barons in that behalf dir efted, and witneJJ'ed under their hands as followetb :•

Fines (treated . V *Fir/i,That no procefs, Adfaciend. Homagium&fidelitatem,*r out of the Ad faciend. fidelitatem, or any writ of feire facias, capias ordiftrefs, common pleas * from thefinesflreated outof the court of common pleas,  shall go out of tin ar.a. c.»4. freafurer’s remembrancer's office upon any fuppofal, upon pain by former laws and fatutes limited, and by the orders of the said court in that cafe provided, but upon a good and juft ground; (2) and the fame  shall be vouched in every of the said proceffies according to the book, term, year, roll and record thereof, that it may be certainly found: (3) and yet if by any known record remaining in that office it may appear the fame tenure have been traverfed, then the said proceffies to be dif* charged by the said troverfe without pleading. procefs upon VI. 2. Upon the Jlreat of the original of the chancery, of the firjl the first (treat grants of any lands or tenements holden in chief, or by knights-fervice, of the 01 igi- or focoge in chief, or of any licence of alienation, pardon of alienation, oufter le main, general or fpecial livery, or inrolment of any of them, procefs  shall be made only for the fervice due thereupon, (2) and the parties upon the fame  shall be admitted without pleading, as it hath been accujlomed, to make their fine for refpeft of homage, or to do their fealty forthwith, whenfoever they will appear, and pray to be received for the fame, paying the charges of their said fine, as lxreafttr is appointed.

VII. 3. Where

1604O Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi, c.26.	135

VII.	3. Where the firjl tenant in any fucb writ from the /aid Upona writ original or fitch enrolment is returned by the fieriff, mort or nihil

habety then Jball go out according to the ancient courfe of the said ov „itu babet.% court y a diftring. tenent. againjl the tenants of the fame land, to the Jbtriffy to do their fervice due to the King, and to Jbew their entry in-to tht famei (2) who returning the name of the tenant of the lands in the writ, there /ball go procefs then every termagainjl the said new tenants to do their said fervice, and cdfo to Jbew their entry, and they to lofe iffttts thereupon, until they come in, and make their fine for rejpeff of homage or fealty, or do their fealty upon the fame, according to the ancient courfe of the exchequer.

VIII.	4. To avoid the charges ofpleading, upon Jhewing of any man’s A mean to a-entry, it Jball be lawful for every petfon that by force of any licence of void the alienation doth come to any lands or tenements holden in chief, ajfured cl^r65 of.

to him in fee-fimple, fee-tail general or fpecial, or for term of life, by certain cafes. any manner of conveyance in law from the party in the firfi original or the enrolment of the fame, to bring the fame licence andconveyance to the ’ said treafurer's remembancer, and thereupon thefaid barons of the exchequer, or the said treafurer's remembrancer, finding the said licence of alienation to be good and agreeable to the* ajfurance thereupon made, and Hkewife agreeable to and from the said original, and from and with all the vouchers of the fame, the patty to whom such licence of alienation ' is made, jball be received to inrol the said licence only, ana to, make his Inrolling a li-fine thereupon for refpeft of homage, without any further pleading, or or wftcr other Jhewing of bis title for the fame: (2).and lihewife whojoever U maltUm Jball enter into any lands by livery general, fpecial, or oufter le main, bringing the fome and the fchedule of his livery with him, he fi)all be received to like inrolment, and making of his fine without any pleading.

IX.	5* Ltkewtfe whofo that hath a licence of alienation of lands A licence of and tenements holden in chief, which thereby are ajfured unto him by alienation of fine, the fame person may also bring in his said licence and ajfurance 5”^*-thereupon, to be examined as before in the fourth article is mentioned, y

and the fame agreeing together, and also agreeing from and with the original, and from and with the vouchers of thefame, then the party to be di[charged without pleading.

X.	6. Where any writ of reverfim Jball be made upon any record Writofrever* for lands or tenements wherein the prince is in reverfion, if it do appear

by any fufficient matter of record within the court, that the grant or record whereupon the said writ of reverfion is made, is clearly avoided or determined\ in such cafe the party upon Jhewing forth offuch record,

Jball be dijehargea without pleading.

XI.	7. Where there be two manors or more, or other lands and te~ Manors of the nements, of one name in one county, and the one holden of the prince in fame name in chief, or by knight* s fervice, and the other not, in such cafes where the onc county. matter jhall fo appear of record, the party that hath the manor or lands

Jo not holden, Jball he difeharged of the procefs without pleading, and the tjfues thereupon loft, to be faved.

XII.	8. The tjfues lojl by her Majesty's fubjefts, which her High- which be the

nefs of her gracious favour and goodriefs hath appointed by her Majesty's iflues loft that privy fcal to be dijebarged, be as foUowcth, viz.	ftall he dil-

' k4	xih.

ward within age.

The committees of

136	Anno secundo [vuigo primo] Jacobi* ch6.	[1604.

Some return-	XIII. All iffues loft and to be loft, upon any that are or /ball be re-

\d dena?Sh ^ turned tenants of lands which they have not,  shall be now difeharged, thev have not though they have other lands within the Jhire 5 that could not fo have * been before the said privy feal was granted.

Idues loft upon XIV. All iffues hft or to be loft upon any heirs or ward being within heir or	in age, or in cuftody, or committed to any,  shall be now as before dif-

charged, that were wont to remain while the heir come to full age.

XV.	All iffues loft or to be loft upon the committees of am wards

________ lands by leafe, as returned tenant thereof /ball be now difeharged,,

wards by ieafe. that otherwise Jbould have been paid by the said committees, if they had any lands or tenements, goods or chattels within the fatd county.

Lands in the XVI. All iffues loft or to be loft upon any lands in the Sfyeeris ma-Queen’s hand jeftfs hands, by extent or otherwife, jhall be now difeharged, that other-by extent. w/fe cou\g not have been by the courfe of the court.

Iff 1 ft b XVII. All iffues loft or to be loft upon the farmers and tenants of tenants* fbr^ anj ^atl^s for y*ar5>or at % Jball be now difeharged, that were life, years, or wont to pay them being returned tenants thereof by the Jheriffs, if they at will. bad any lands or goods within the Jhire.

Lands of te- XVIII. All ijfues loft or to be loft upon tenants of lands in chief by nants in chief, extent,  shall be rlow as afore difeharged, and ctuld not fo have been before, but were always leviable upon the lands.

XIX.	All ijfues loft or to be loft by sundry other vexations, as well by untrue returns and mifreturns of jberiffs and under-Jheriffs, /bail or may be dif charged, moderated or otherwise ordered, as the court  shall think meet, that Were infinite’before, and could not be difeharged, but the party urns driven to take his remedy again ft the Jberijf.

Lands holden XX* All tffucs loft or to be loft upon any former grant of lands and in chief, and tenements in chief, that are afterwards given not to be holden in chief, after by ano-  shall be now difeharged by this privy feal, and could no way have been ther tenure, remitted, until the fecond grant had been laid and pleaded.

XXI. All iffues loft or to be loft by any person returned in any jury in the exchequer, or in any attaint or jury in the King’s bench or common pleas at Weftminfter, or in any jury before the justices of af-ftze in any court within the realm, which at the time of their appearance appointed, were beyond fca in her Majeftfs fervue1, or by fpecial licence in writings or were or Jball be in prtfon, or in ordinary of her Majeftfs chamber or houjhold, and bound to their perfonal attendance there, Jball be now difeharged clear, that before could by no meqns be bolpen.	-

Iffyes toft by the‘AieriflF’s vexatidn.

• IiTues loft by jurors.

XXII. Rata finium pro homag. tenent. Dominae Reginae per * unum annum integrum refpedfcuand. cum feod. Remeniorat. Thefaur. & pro intrac. finium cum record, inde fail, ac prq feod. attorn, pro eodem anno integro exhibit, parliament.

1604.] Anno fecgodo [vulgo primo] Jacobi, c.26.

*37

Valor ter-	Fines re-	Feod. Rem.	Pro. in* Pro feod.		
raruxn.	gin*-	Thef.	trac.	Attorn.	
A	-				
Li. Li.	s.	d.	d. -1	, d-	
A C.ad. lx.	X.	XX.	iv.	By tome xl.	
Li. Li.	marc.	d.	d.	d.	
Alx.adxxx.	dim.	XX.	iv.	By fome xx.	
Li. Li.	s.	d.	d.	►	
Axxx.adxx	. v.	xx.	iv.	By fbme nil*	
T  Li. Li.	d.	d.	d.		*
Axx.adxv.	xl.	XX.	iv.		s.

Li. Li. A xv. ad.x.

li

ii.

d.

xx.

d. iv.

Li. marc.	d.	d.	- ‘ a.
Ax.ad.x.	XX.	XX.	
. marc. s. *	d.	d.	d.
Ax. ad C.	xii.	xii.	iv.
s. 8.	d.	d.	d.
AC. ad lx.	viii.	viii.	iv.
s.	d.‘ “	d.	d.
A lx. & infr.	iv.	iv.	iv. -

By forae voluntary annuities for 4 all matters.

i.

xx.

s.

xiii.

s.

X.

s.

vi.

s.

V.

d.

iv.

d.

viil.

Thefe never lofe iflues, but have their fines paid, whether they come or come not.

XXm. Item, That the said fines /ball be paid after the said rate exhibited Jo the parliament houfey arid not others wife.

(2) According to the said treajurer's remembrancer's own offer,for ~	*

himfelfand the clerks of his office, it is ordered,, that he himjelf /ball yby * pay every fubjefts charges, as by the court of exchequer /hall be fet writ upon a and ordered, that /hall be vexed by any writ upon a Juppofal, and not fuppofal. upon a good and iujl ground vouched and fet down in every writ, as before it declared.

XXIV.	The clerks of the said treafurer's remembrancer's office Iflues loft af* /hall pay all iffues that any of her Majejifs fubjefts /ball lofe, ter the ordi-after he hath paid his ordinary fine for re/peft of homage to any

of them for any lands or tenements, and fo may be proved by any of homage. their acquittances, W. Burleigh, Walter Myldemaie, Edward Sanders, George Fnevile, John Birche. Ex. per G. Gerrard,

Thomas Bromley. Ex. per John Ofbourne, decimo septimo Novemb. 1601.

XXV.	Provided always neverthelefs, and be it enaded by Procefs

the authority aforesaid, if in cafe it shall be thought fit, for warded for the the true knowledge and prefervation of the tenures appertain- prcfcrvation ing to the crown, and fo ordered in the open court of exche- thecrovlm* ‘	'	quer.

138 Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi, c.27- [1604.

quer, that procefs should iffue out of the said court against any. That in every such oafe the said treafurer’s remembrancer, or any bis clerks, may fend out the said procefs without incurring , any the penalties of this ad: in which cafe, no foch tenure appearing to the court, the party shall be clearly difuuded without , any manner of pleading or paying any fees at all.

CAP. XXVII.

An all for the better execution of the intent and meaning of former statutes made against /hooting in guns* and for the prefervation of the game of pbeafants and partridges* and against the defraying of bares with hare-pipes* and tracing bares in the /now.

Penalties far T? ORASMUCH as there be divers good and neceffary laws deftroying of J? ' andftatutes which do infliSi and impofe dfuers great and heavy Phca?“lt8»	penalties* punijbments and forfeitures upon such as should with

p?geons^hare$. anJ	neis* crofs-bows* or other inftruments or engines* fpoil

13 R. a. ftat.i. or deftroy the game of' pbeafants* partridges* bearn* mallard* and c. tv such like* and upon Juch as Mi or deftroy hares with hare-pipes* u H. 7. c. 17, corgs vr agings^ or should kill any hare by tracing and ceurf-3* H. j. c. V.* t^em wlt^ d°£s *n the fnow: (2) and nevertbelefs of late years* 5 El. c. si. the several games above mentioned have been more excejftvety and *3 El. c. 10. outragioujly/polled and defrayed* than hath been in former ages, 3 Jac. 1. c. 13. facially ty the vulgar fort, and men of fmaU worth* making a trade 13 cari.Vat! an* a Kving of the /polling and deftroying of the said games* who are i. c. 10.	' not offufficiency to pay the said penalties in the said statutes mentioned*

a» & *3 Car. nor to anfwer the cofts and charges of any that should inform and pro-* Ann5 c ftcute against them in any of his said Majeftfs courts of record at 9 Ann. c. I5! Weftminfter, upon any of the said penal laws and statutes; (3) by 3 Geo. i.e.ix. reafon whereoffew fitits have been attempted upon the said laws, and % Geo.i.c.19. f°r the said forfeitures, whereby the good thereby meant and hoped hath not fiteeeeied* and thereby great fcarcity of the said games in all* or in the moft parts of this realm, hath followed* and prefently is, and fo is like to be* ifform remedy be not in that behalf provided:

II. Be it therefore enaded by the authority of this present parliament, That all and every person and persons, which from and after the first day of Auguft next following shall (hoot at* kill or deftroy with any gun, crofs-bow, ftohe-bow or longbow, any pheafant, partridge, houfe-dove or pigeon, hearn, mallard, duck, teal, widgeon, groufe, heathcock, moregame, or any such fowl, or any hare; (2) or after rhe said first day of Auguft shall take, kill or deftroy any pheafant, partridge, houfe-dbve or pigeon, with fetting-dogs and nets, or with any manner of nets, fnares, engines or inftruments whatfbever; or shall take the eggs of any pheafant, partridge or fwans out of the nefts, or willingly break, fpoil or deftroy thef fame in the neft (3) or after the laid first day of Auguft (nail trace or courfe any hares in the (how, or at any time take or deftroy any hares with ?ny hare-pipes, cords, or with any such inftruments or other

engines:

139

1604.] Anno secundo [vulgo primo} Jacobi. c.27.

engines: (4) and tbe fame offence or offences being proved, by the confeiuon of the party, or by the teftimony of two fufficiont witneffes upon oath before two or more justices of peace of the fame county, city or town corporate, wherein the offence shall ^ be committed, or the party offending apprehended, shall be by fufficient.^* the said justices of peace, for every such offence committed to 7 jac. 1. c.u. the common gaol of the said county, city or town corporate, **• ** where the offence shall be committed, or the parties apprehended, there to remain for three months without bail or main-prife, unlefs that the said offender do or shall forthwith upon the said conviction, pay or caufe to be paid, to the churchwardens of the said pariih where the said offence ihall be committed, or the party apprehended, to the ufe of the poor of the said parifh, the fum of twenty shillings for every pheafant, partridge, houfe-dove, pigeon, hearn, mallard, duck, teal, wid-geon, groufe, heathcock, moregame or any such fowl, and for every egg of pheafant, partridge* or fwans, and for every hare, which any and every such person and persons fo offending and convicted as aforesaid, shall take, kill or willingly deftroy, contrary to the true purport and true meaning of this ftatute;

(5)	or after one month after his commitment, together with two lufficient fureties, become bound by recognizance in the fum of twenty pounds a-piece to the King’s majesty’s ufe, his heirs and fucceffors, with condition that he the said party fo offending (ball not at any time thereafter (hoot at, kill, take or deftroy any of the said games before-mentioned, by any of the means afore-faid: (6J which said recognizances shall be taken by any two or more justices of peace of the said county, city or town corporate, where the offender shall be fo imprifoned as aforesaid, and shall be returned to the then next quarter- feflions, and there to remain of record as other recognizances taken for the peace.

III. And for	reservation of deer, hares and other TtU5 -.1*-

the games aforeli ^	rther	enaCted by the authority afore- for keeping a

faid. That all and every person and persons which from or af- greyhound,* ter the said first day of Augujl shall have or keep any greyhound. for courfing of deer or hare, or fetting-dog or dogs, (2) or net ™ke phea-° or nets, to take pheafants or partridges, (5) except such person fants, &c. or persons which shall be feifed in their own right or in the right of their wives, of lands, tenements or hereditaments, of the clear yearly value of ten pounds by the year or more, over and above all charges and reprifes, of fome eftate of inheritance;

(4)	or of lands, tenements or hereditaments in his own right or in right of his wife, for term of life or lives, of the yearly value of thirty pounds over and above all charges and reprifes ;

(5)	or be poiiefs’d of goods or chattels to the lull value of two hundred pounds to his own ufe ; (6) or be tbe fon or fons of any knight, or of any baron of parliament, or of fome person of higher degree, or the fon and heir apparent of any efquire;

(7) and being thereof convicted as aforesaid, shall by the (aid justices of the peace be committed and imprifoned in manner and form as in and by this prefent alt before is expreffed.

fpecified

The penalty fot felling or buying to fell again deer, hare, partridge or pheafant.

No pu moment by any former law where it is inflicted by this.

Which officers may hear and determine tliefe offences.

Who may take pheafants and partridges with nets, and when. Repialtd fy 7 Jac. c. zi.

t 6.

Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi, c.27. [1604-

fpecified and declared : except such person and persons fo offending and thereof convi&ed as aforesaid, do forthwith pay or caufe to be paid to the churchwardens of the said partfh where the said offence shall be committed, or the party apprehended, to the ufe of the poor of the said parifh, the fum of forty shillings of good and lawful money of England.

IV.	And be it further  enacted by the authority aforesaid. That every person and persons which at any time after the said first day of Augujl shall fell or buy to fell again, any deer, hare, partridge or pheafant, (except partridge and pheafantsr reared and brought up in houfe or houfes, 6r brought from beyond the feas) shall forfeit for eveiy deer fo bought and fold forty (hillings, for every hare ten millings, and for every partridge ten (hillings, and for every pheafant fo to be bought and fold twenty (hillings: (2) of all which forfeitures the one moiety shall be to him or them that will fue for the fame by bill, in-didhnent or information, and the other moiety to the poor of the parifh where the said offence or offences shall be committed,

V.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforesaid. That no person or persons shall or may after the (aid first day of Augufl be punifhed by force of arty fprmer statute or jaw, for any of the said offences for which by force of this law any punishment shall be inflilted: (2) and that all justices of affize in their several circuits, and al) justices of the peace in their general quarter-feifions, and any two justices of peace or more together out of any feffions, shall and may by force of this pre-fent a£t have foil power and authority to examine, hear, punifh and determine all offepces to be committed against this prefcnt ftatute, and to adminifter oaths as aforesaid, and perform and execute all and every a<ft and thing fit or requifite for the due execution of this prefent a

VI.	Provided always. That it shall and may be lawful for every person or persons which have or shall have free warren, and to and for every lord of a manor, and to every freeholder which is or shall be feifed in his own right or in the right of his wife, of lands,tenements or hereditaments to the clear yearly value often pounds or more by the year, over and above all charges or re-prifes, of fome eftate or inheritance \ (2) or of lands, tenements or hereditaments in his own right or in the right of his wife, for term of life or lives, of the yearly value of thirty pounds over and above all charges and reprifes; (3) or be or which shall be worth in goods or chattels two hundred pounds; (4) by him or themfelves, or by his or their menial fervants (fufficiently au-thorifed from his or their matter for that purpofc) (5) to take pheafants and partridges in the day-time only with nets, in and upon his and their own or his and their matters free warren, manor and freehold or on any part of them, betwixt the feaft of St. Michael the archangel and the feaft of the birth of our Lord God yearly; any thing in this law to the contrary notwith-{landing.

VJI, And

i6c4*] Anno fccundb [vulgo prifno] Jacobi. 0.28—31^	141

VII.	And be italfo further enabled by the authority afordaid. Licence to That it shall and may be lawful to and for every pcrfon and persons keeping any hawk or hawks, which at the general quar- meat™ ter-feffions of the county (where he and they shall dwell) shall be licenced, to (hoot hail-fhot in hand-guns or birding-piecesy at crow, chough, pye, rook, ring-dove, jey or fmalkr birds, for hawks-meat only, to fhoot and kill hawks-meat, according to the said licence only; (2) fo that such pgrty fo to be licenced do at the fame quarter-femons wherein he shall be licenced, become bound to the King’s majesty by recognizance in twenty pounds, not to (hoot at any the fowl or game at which (hooting is prohibited by this law; (3) and fo that; he or they shall not (hoot in any hand-gun or other gun, within fix hundred paces of any herncry, nor within one hundred paces of any pigeon-houfe, nor in any park, foreft or chafe, whereof the party fo licenced or his mailer, is or shall not be the owner, keeper or governor; (4) for which licence and recognizance the clerk of the peace is to take only twelve pence and no more. (5) This Continuance law to continue to the end of the first feflion of the next par- of this ftatuce. liament. 3 Car. 1. c. 4. continued until the end of the firjl fejfion of the next parliament; and farther continued by 16 Car. 1. c. 4.

CAP. XXVIII.

A confirmation of the King's letters patents, bearing date at Weftminfter 30 die Aprilis, anno i regis Jacobi, granted to the mayor, bailiffs and bnrgeiles ot the borough of Berwick upon Tweed, and of the fran-chifes, liberties and cuftoms of the laid borough, is Ed. 4. c. 8.

CAP. XXIX.

To what forts of fiefli, licences to eat flefh in Lent shall not extend. What fort of flefli shall not be killed in Lent to be put to fale. EXP. 5 EL c. 5. 35 EL c. 7.

CAP. XXX.

The inhabitants of Melcomb-Regis in the county of Dorfet, within the diocefe of Briftol, may at their own cods build a church upon the ground where the chapel now ftandeth, and the grounds adjoining, convenient to receive the inhabitants of Radipol, and inclofe the wafte grounds adjoining, to make a church-yard for a place of burial $ after which church is builded it shall be called the parochial church of Radipol; and the new parfon of Radipol and his (uccefiora shall be par-Tons thereof: and the old parifh church of Radipol shall be but a chapel of eafe: and the patron of the old pariffi church of Radipol shall be patron of the new. And a new manfion-houfe in Mejcomb-Regit afligned to the (aid parfon and his fuccefiors for ever.

CAP. XXXI.

An ait for the charitable relief and ordering of persons infested with the plague.

FORASMUCH as the inhabitants ef divers cities, boroughs, several pro-towns corporate, and of other parijhes and places, being vifions made with the plague, are found to be unable to relieve the poorer fort	tluit

fucb people Jo	infested,who of necejfity muft be by fame charitable courfe

provided for, left they should wander abroad and thereby infeSt others: plague.

(2) and forafmuch as divers persons infested with that difeafe, and

others inhabiting in houses and	places, inf,eSted,as well poor people and

•	unable

I42

Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c.$ i, £ x604^

unable to relieve tbemfelves that are carefully provided for* as others which of tbemfelves are of ability, being commanded by the magiftrate or officer of or within the place inhere the infection /hall be, to keep their houfes, or otherwise tofeparate tbemfelves from company for the avoiding of further infection, donotwithjlanding very dangeroufly and difordetly mijdemeaft tbemfelves:

II. Be it therefore enaAed by the authority of this prefent ibr relief1 of parliament, That the mayor, bailiffs, head officers and justices the lick of the of peace of every city, borough, town corporate and places pri-plague. vileged, where any mayor and bailiffs, head [officers or justices of peace are or shall be, or any two of them, shall haVe power and authority from time to time, to tax and affefs all and every ‘inhabitant, and all houses of habitation, lands tenements and hereditaments within the said city, borough, town corporate <and places privileged, or the liberties or precmAs thereof, at 'fech reafonabte taxes and payments as they shall think fit for the restfonabte relief of such persons infeAed, or inhabiting in houses and places infeAed in the fame cities, boroughs and ♦ towns corporate, and places privileged, (i)‘ and from time , to •time , to levy the fame taxes of the goods of every person refuting or-negleAing to pay the said taxes, by warrant under the hand and feal of the mayor and bail iffy, ana head'officers afore-Jaid* or two. such justices of peace, to be direAed to any person ior persons for the execution thereof.

The penalty III* And if the party to whom such warrant is or shall be of any party direAed shall not find any goods to levy the feme, and the party taxed refuting taxed shall refufe to pay the fame tax. That then upon return having no	thc	faid mayor, bailiffs, head officers or justices of peace

goods.	*ny	two	of them, shall by Irke warrantunder their hands and

feals caufc the fame person (p taxed to be arrefted and committed to the gaol without bail or mainprize, until he shall fa*-tisfy the fame taxation and the arrearages thereof.

•A provition if, IV. And if the inhaitants of any such city* borough, town theirihabi- corporate or place privileged, (ha)l find tbemfelves unable to tantsofthe	relieve their feid poor infeAed persons and others as aforesaid,

beatable to That then upon certificate thereof by the mayor, bailiff, head relieve the	officers and other the said justices of peace, or any two of them,

fick.	to the justices of peace of the county of or near to the said city,

borough, town corporate or privileged place fo infeAed, or any two of them to be made, the said justices of or near the said county or any two of them, shall or may tax and affefs the in-' habitants of the county within five miles of the feid place infeAed, at such reafonable weekly taxes and rates as they shall think fit, to be levied hy warrant from any such two justices of peace of or near the county, by fale of goods, and in default thereof by imprifonment of the body of the party taxed as aforesaid.

V.*fAnd if any such infeAion shall be in any borough, town shall be where corporate or privileged place where there are or (hail be no there are no justices of peace, or in any village or hamlet within any county, justices of That then it shall and may be lawful for any two justices of Pcacc*	peace

1604.] Anno secundo [vulgo primo] Jacobi. c.ji»	143

peace of the laid county wherein the laid place infedcd is or shall be, to tax and ailefs the inhabitants of the said county within five miles of the hud place infe&ed, at such reafonable weekly taxes and rates as they shall think fit, for the reafonable relief of the said places infeaed, to be levied by warrant from the said justices of peace of the fame county by fale of goods, and m default thereof by imprifonment of the body of every party fo taxed as aforesaid: (2) the fame taxes made by the said justices of peace of the county for the relief of such cities, boroughs, towns corporate and places privileged where there are no justices of peace, to be difpofed as they shall think fit; and where there are justices of peace then in such fort as to the mayors, bailiffs, bead officers and justices of peace there or any two of them shall fieem fit and convenient.

VI.	All which taxes and rates made within any such city, The taxes af-borough, town corporate or place privileged, (hafl be certified feffcd shall be at the next quarter-fcffions to be holden within the said city, certified at the borough, town corporate or place privileged; (2) and the fold

taxes and rates made within any part of the fold county, shall 1 in like fort be certified at the next quarter-feffions to be holden in and for the foid county; (3) and that if the justices of peace at such quarter-feffions refpedively, or the more part of them,

(hall think it fit the foid tax or rate (hould continue, or be en-larged or extended to any other parts of the county, or other-wife determined, then the fame to be fo enlarged, extended or determined, encreafed or taxed and levied in manner and form aforefoid, as to the said justices at the quarter-fcffions refpe&ively Theforfeiture shall be thought fit and convenient: (4) and every conftable and other officer that shall wilfully make default in levying such fa\t levy money as they shall be commanded by the said warrant or war- the money rants, shall forfeit for every such offence ten (hillings, to be afiefTed. employed on the charitable ufes aforesaid.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed. That if any person or persons An infeaed

infe&ed, or being or dwelling in any lioufe inre&ed, shall be by Pcri<*n com-the mayor, bailiffs, conftable or other head officer of any city,	to

borough, town corporate, privileged place or market-town, or houie, difo-by any juftice of peace, conftable, headborough or other officer beyeth.

of the county (if any such infe&ion be out of any city, borough,' town corporate, privileged place or market-town) commanded or appointed, as aforefoid, to keep his or their houfe, for avoiding of further infection, and shall notwithstanding wilfully and contemptuoufly difobey such direction and appointment, offering and attempting to break out and go abroad, and to refill, or going abroad and refilling such keepers or watchmen as shall be appointed, as aforefoid, to fee them kept in; that then it shall be lawful for such watchmen with violence to inforce them to keep their houses ; and if any hurt come by such inforcement to such difobedient persons, that then the said keepers, watchmen and any other their affiftants, shall not be impeached therefore : (2) and if any infe&ed person as aforefoid, fo commanded to keep houfe, shall contrary to such commandment, wilfully

and

39 El. C. 4*

Attendants Audi be appointed upon the infeftcd.

The continuance of this aft.

The univerG-ties, cathedral churches, Eaton, Win-chefter college.

13 &i4 Car.*, c. 27.

. Annd&ctmdo [vulgo primo] JacoSi. c.3i. [16^4-

and contemptuoufly go abroad, and shall converfe iaobmpany, having any infectious fore upon him uncured, that theft (bch person ana persons shall be taken, deemed and adjudged as' a felon, and to fuffer pains of death as in cafe of feloiky; ^3) but if such person shall not have any such fore found about turn, then for his said offence to be punHhed as a vagabond In all refpefts (hould or ought to be, by the statute made in.th^ nfoe and thirtieth year of the reign or our late fovereign lady Queen Elizabeth, for the punilhment of rogues and vagabonds ; and further, to be bound to his or their good behaviour-for one whole year.,

VIII.	Provided, That no attainder of felony by virtue of this aft shall extend to any attainder or corruption of ]jjogd, or forfeiture of any goods, cnattels, lands, tenements or heredity ments.

IX.	Atid be it further enacted by the authority afore/aid. That it shall be lawful for justices of peace, mayors, bailiffs and other head officers aforesaid, to appoint within their several limits fearchers, watchmen, examiners, keepers and buriere, for the persons and places refpeftively infefted as aforesaid, and to minifter unto them oaths for the performance of their offices of fearchers, examiners,^ watchmen, keepers and buriers, and give them other direftions, as unto them for the prefent neceflity shall feem good in their difcretions; (2) and this aft to continue no longer than until the end of the first feffion of the next parliament.

X.	Provided always, and be it enacted by authority of this present parliament* That no mayors, bailiffs, head officers, or any justices of peace, shall by force or pretext of any thing in this aft contained* do or execute any thing before-meptioned within either the univerfities of Cambridge or Oxford^ or within any cathedral church, or the liberties or precincts thereof, in this realm of England, or within the colleges of Eaton or Win-chefter; (2) but that the vice-chancellor of either of the univerfities for the time being, within either of the fame relpeftively, and the bifhop and dean of every such cathedral church, or one of them, within such cathedral church, and the provoft or warden of either of the said colleges within the fame, shall have all such power and authority, and shall do and execute .ail and every such aft and afts, thing and things in this, aft before-mentioned, within their several precinfts and jurifdiftions abovesaid, as wholly, absolutely and fully* to all intents and purposes* as any mayor, bailiffs, head officers or.. justices of peace, within their several precinfts and jurifdiftiojns may elfe-where by force of this aft do and execute. 3 Can 1* c. 4, Continued until the end of the first fcffian of the next parliament, end farther continued by 16 Car. 1. c. 4.

CAP. XXXII.

From the end of this (eifion of parliament, during feven years and no longer, there shall be paid by the mailer or owner of every (hip, veflel or crayer (faring of Lirae-Rcgis in the county of Dorfet) whereof any

of

z6o5>]	Anno	tertio	Jacobi,	c.i.	145

of the King'* hbjeSt Hull be owner* or part-owner*, of tk burden of twenty tons w upward*, for every voyage loading or difcharging within this realm, or to or from anv foreign country beyond the Teas, and pif&ng to or from London, or from, to or by Dover, or coming into the harbour there, (not having a cocquet testifying his payment before) threetpenoe for every con ot the burden of every inch veffch &c. ex- . cept vcflels loades with fea-coal* or grind-itones $ and for every chaldron ®f fea-coaU or grind-itones i. d. ob, which ihali be paid to the cuiloraer, collector of cuitoms or fubfidies, or their deputies. See. EXP.

CAP. XXXIII.

An a€t of a fubfidy of tonnage and poundage. A fubfidy granted to that King of tonnage, poundage, wools, &c. What fubfidies the Kings of this realm have had,,and Tor what caufes. EXP.

Anno Regni Jacobi Regis Angli, Fran-

cia,&' Hibernia, viz. Anglia, Francia G? Hibernia tertio, & Scotia tricejimo nono.

AT the	fecond feffion of parliament begun and holden by

prorogation at Weftminfter the fifth day of November in the third year of the reign of our moft gracious -vereign lord James, by the Grace of God, of England,

France and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. and of Scotland the nine and thirtieth: and there continued until the feven and. twentieth of May: (and from this fecond feffion of parliament-, ending the find feven and twentieth of May, the faid	parliament ■ was prorogued	until the eighteenth of

November next following, one thoufandfix hundred andfix,) to the	bighpkafure	of Almighty God, and to the wtalpublick

of this realm, were enabled	as followeth.

CAP. I.

An act for a publick tbankfgiving to almighty God every

year on the fifth day	of November.

FORASMUCH os Almighty God bath in all ages	bit	Yearly prayer

power and mercy in the miraculous and gracious deliverance ef Ihali be made bis church, and in the protection of religious Kings and Jlates; (2)<or thedelive-and that m1 nation of the earth hath been blejfed with greater benefits &*(: than this kingdom now esejoyetb, having the true and fret profejfien of from the jru». thegofptl under our moft gracious fovereign lord King James, the powder trea-moft great, learned and religious King that ever reigned therein, tn- j®“* ricked with a moft hopeful and plentiful	pro of his England^

royal loins, prmifsng continuance of this happiness and profeffton to all by the King pofterity: (3) the which many malignant and dtvilijh paptftr,	and hi. pru-

and feminary	priefts,much envying and fearing, confpired	hor-

ribly,when the Kings moft	txcellint ttsajefty, the Queen, the prince,

and all the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, should have been confpired to ajfembhd in the upper houft of parliament upon the fifth day of No- have been Vol. VII.	L	vember

covered.

146	. Annoterdo Jacosl cr,	[1605,

effected 5 Nov. vember in the year of our Lord one tboufand fix hundred and five, ann. dom. fuddenly to have blown ufifhe find whole botife with gun-bowder : (4) 1 5*	an invention fo inhumane> barbarous and cruel, as the tike was never

before beard of and was (as feme of the principal confpirators thereof confefs) purposefy devifed and concluded to be done in the faii houfe, that where fiundry necejfary and religious laws for prefervatim of the church and Jlate were made, which they falfty and fianderoufly term cruel laws, enabled against them and their religion, both place and perfonsjbould be all deftroyed and blown up at once; (O which would How the tree- have turned to the utter ruin of this whole kingdom, had it not pleaf-fon was dif- ej Jhnighty God, by infpiring the King's moft excellent majesty with a divine Jpirit> to interpret Jome dark pbrajes of a letter Jbewed to bis Majesty, above and beyond all ordinary conftruftion, thereby mi~ raculoufty dif covering this hidden treason not many hours before the appointed time for the execution thereof: (6) therefore the Kings moft excellent majesty, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and all his Majesty*s faithful and loving fiubjefts, do moft juftly acknowledge this great and infinite bleffing to have proceeded meerly from God his great mercy, and to his moft holy name do aferibe all the honour, glory and praife: (7) and to the end this unfeigned thankfulnefs may never be forgotten, but be had in a perpetual remimbrante, that allages to tome may yield praifet to his Divine Majesty for the fame» and have in memory THIS JOYFUL DAY OF DELIVERANCE;

II.	Be it therefore enacted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in

:h yearly Patent parliament kflembled, and by the authority of the upon the fifth feme. That all and Angular minifters in every cathedral and day of No- parifh church, or other ufual place for common prayer, within vember. this realm of England and the dominions of the tunc, shall always upon the fifth day of November fay morning prayer, and give unto Almighty God thanks for this moft happy deliverance: (2) and that alTand every person and persons inhabiting within, this realm of England and the dominions of the fame, shall always upon that day diligently and faithfully refort to the parifh church or chapel accuftomed, or to fome ufual church or chapel where the said morning prayer, preaching, or other fervice of God shall be ufed, and then ana there to abide orderly and fo-berly during the time of the said prayers, preaching, or other fervice of God there to be ufed and miniftred.

III.	And bccaufe all and every person may be put hi mind of this duty, and be then better prepared to the said holy fervice,

Thanks (Hall be given to God in every church yearn

The min'tfter shall give

warning 9fthe be it enadled by authority aforesaid. That every miniftcr (half day the Sun- give warning to his pariftiioners publickiy in the church at day before, morning prayer, the ounday before every uich fifth day of No-vember, for tne due obfeuvarion of the feid day * and tnat after morning prayer or preaching upon the feid fifth day of November r they read publickiy, diftmdUy and plainly this prefent atBL

2

CAP,

Anna fiemo Jacobi. e. s.



*47

CAP. II.

An aS for the attainder of diverx offenders in the late moft barbarous, mnftrotes, dtteftabk and damnable treafons•

IN moft bumble manner befeeehen your moft excellent Mqjefty, your Certain pw-mqftlqfa, faithful and true-hearted fubiefls, the lords Spiritual ^fj* attainted and temporal, and tie commons, in this prelent parliawut qffimhled, forcWplrine That whereas Arthur Crefwel jefuit, who at the time off bis pro* to blow up 8 fiffion to be a jefuit took upon him the name if Jofeph Crefwel, with gun-OfWald Tefmond jefidtand Thomas Winter late of Budding*- powder the ton in the county off Worcefter, gentleman, the loft day of June m ^l^ment" the four and fortieth year of the late Sateen Elizabeth of famous Treafons memory, at Valedolid oqithm the kingdom of Spain, and at divers pra&ifed in other days within the fane four and firtietb year of the said late the time of $ue*ny at Valedolid aforesaidy and elfiwhers within the fame king-dons of Spain, by the means, procurement and privity of Robert Catolby, late of Afhby in the county of Northampton, efquirt)

Franda Trelham, late r/'Ruftwon in the said county ^Northampton, efquirt, and Henry Garnet jefuit, tqffusmng upon him to be fuperior of the iefuits within this realm ^England) and others being all natural * torn fubjefts of this realm, did trader oufty and against the duty of their allegiance, move and incite Philip, then and yet King of Spain, then being at ohm enmity and hoftility with the fai4 late Spue**, with force to invade this kingdom of England, and to join With the papifts and difeontented perfans within this realm of England, to depofe and overthrow the fame late §hteen of and her crown,: and of and from all her royal eftate, title and dignity^were**" and to fuppreft and abolifa the true religion of Almighty God, truly pra&iicd. and fttuerefy profeffed within this kingdom, and to rejlore the fuper-ftitious Rmijh religion within the fame, and to bring this andeniy famous and rnofi renowned kingdom to utter ruin and miferable captivity tader foreign power: (a) And far that the greateft impediment unto the fame invaftonwould be the want of help of good horfes,

• the said Thomas Winter, the rather to encourage the fame King thereunto, was to offer to the fame King on the behalf of the papiftf of England, to gtve hm affifance presently upon the landing- of his * farces, with one thousand five hundred, or two thousand horfes \ (3).	;

and that far their better accomplishing thereof, hejbould move pise fame;	.7

King to fumijh the papifts of England with a good fum of money, partly to be employed to provide ana furnijk the horfes, and partly in ptnftons, to he tmployed upon fame such as were to be prepared far that fervice: (4) All which the said Thomas Winter did relate So the hid King of Spain, who (the said kingdoms of England and Spain then Jtonimg in hoftility) took that offer in very good kart, The King of faying. That be would refpeft and account of the cathoUcks of Engw Spain’s anfwer land, (meaning the papifts) as of bis own Caftilians, and thereupon tot^.c traitor’a agreed that be would make invafton, and fet foot in England, about moilon, the fpring then next following, and would by way of exchange fend over unto the papifts of England one hundred thousand crowns, to b( paid at two federal days agreed upon. All which particulars are ex*

*	L 2	tant

Pra&ifers in Flinders of invafion of this realm.

I4S	Aonotertio	JacoM. c.i:	{1603.

fomt of the thief eft offenders j at which tinu and aid extraordinarily fumtfb thernfehjes by ed perfwafion and means of sundry jejuks, both with horfe and armour.	’'

II. But before thefe things could be effected. Almighty 'God called the jaid late %ueen to his mercy: Immediately after whofe-deceafe, that is to fay, in the fame month of March, wherein Jbe departed out of this world, Chriftophcr Wnjzht, late of London, gentleman, was imployed by the said Robert Catefby, Francis Trefhan^ Henry Garnet and others, into Spain, to negotiate with the fend King of Spain, by the means of the said Crefwd the jefidt, and others, to proceed in that invafion, which the said Thomas1 Winter had before negotiated with him: (2) And afterwards on the two and twentieth day of Tune in the fir ft year of your Majeftfs reign aver this realm rfEngland, Sir William Stanley, knight, Hugh Owen, efquire, William Baldwin, jefuit, and others, did by and tenth the traitorous procurement, and the confent of the offenders aforesaidy from and out of Flanders, in the parts beyond the fees, under the government of the archduke, traileroufiy imploy and fend Guy • Fawks, late of London, gentleman, unto the said King of Spain, to negotiate with him on the behalf of the’faid papifts of England, for invafion to be had agatnft this realm of England, to the fame ejfeft as was committed to the find Chriftopher Wright, as h a fore-faid: And the said Guy Fawks and Chriftopher Wright, though they had all the furtherance of the said Crefwel the iejfuk that he could give, yet finding no such entertainment with the fund King, who The King of (as by the fequel appeareth) grew into deteftation with the said pro-Spain detefted pofitions and negotiations, as they expelled or deftred 5 but being the treat?!!, wholly difappointed of all their hopes concerning that matter, the find Robert Catefby, and divers other persons within this realm, did fend over the said Thomas Winter into the said country	Flanders,

to procure the said Guy Fawks, a natural-bom fubjett of this realm, and yet a moft traiterous, dfperate and bloody-minded ptrfon, then ferving as a soldier in the Low-Countries, to come over into this realm, and by and with the traiterous conjpiracy and confent of the The prattifersfaid Henry Garnet, Ofwald Tefmond, John Gerrjtrd, and other of the gun- jefuits, and Thomas Pearcy, late of London, efquire, John Sr^Mr' Wright,	the said Chriftopher	Wright,

wicked intent. Francis Tretham, Robert Winter, late of Huddington afore fat d, efquire, John Graurtt, late of Norbrook in the county of War-wick, efquire, Ambrofe Rookwood, late of Stanningfidd in ike county of Suffolk, ejquire, Everard Digby, late of Gotehurft in the county of Buckingham, knigbty Robert Keyes, late of London, gentleman, 0*^ Thomas Bates, late of London, yeoman, to undertake the execution of the moft wicked, barbarous, execrable and abominable treason that ever could enter into the heart of the moft wicked man, by blowing up with gun-powder the houfe of parliament, at such time as your moft excellent Mqjefty, and your dear eft confort the fjhieen, and the moft noble prince Henry, together with the lords fpiritual and temporal, the judges of the realm, and the knights citizens and burgeffes of parliament, JbouU be in the faidpartiament-boufe

ajfembled\

149

Anrib terrio Jacobi, c.3.

ajfembledy (for which moft traitorous and barbarous purpose there wore ficretly laid in a vault or cellar under the parliament-hoiffty thirty-fix barrels of gun-powder> or thereabouts) to the utter over-throw and JubverJion of the whole fate of this flourijhing and renowned kingdom, if God of his infinite mercy had not moji mird-culoujty, by your Majfty's. blejfed direction* dijcovered the fame in finding out the find barrels of gun-powder in the fend vault or eellarj but few hours brfore the trme appointed for the execution there-of i (3) all which moji heinous, horrible and damnable treafons are moft mamfefi and apparent by the voluntary confejfions and acinow leagments of the offenders themfehes: Of which moji barbarousy bloody and detefiable treason for confpiring and preparing to How up the find parliament-houfe with gun-powdery the said Robert Winter, Thomas Winter, Guy Fawks, Robert Keys, Ambrofe Rook wood, John Graunt and Thomas Bates, have been lately indiftedy and during this prefent fefftonof parliament 9arraignedy con-vidfed by verdifly and thereupon attainted: (4) And the said Sir Everard Digby, knighty hath likewise been indiftedy and during this prefent JeJjion of parliament corjviSled and attainted by hi) own confeffion of record upon his arraignmenty according to the laws of thts your Majefly's realmy as by the record} of their several indifl-nunts and attainders it doth and may more plainly appear; (5) and Certain of the for the which offences the said Sir Everard Digby, Robert Winter, put tQ Thomas Winter, Guy Fawks, Ambrofe Rookwood, John Graunt, Robert Keys and Thomas Bates, have fuffered pains of death according to their demerits: (6) And the faia Robert Ca-	^

teiby, Thomas Pearcy, John Wright and Chriftopher Wright, the field. were lately fain in open rebellion by them and others the Jaid moji wteked traitorsmovedandjlirredwithin divers parts andcountiesof tens realmy Jhortfy after the Jaid difeovery of their Jaid moji detefiable and damnable treason, in confpiring and preparmg to flow up the said parliament-houfe as aforffaid: (7) and the said Hugh Owen doth (of Hugh Owenf purposey and for fear of condignpunijhment according to his demerits) rejide and keep htmfelf beyond the feaSy by means whereof he cannot in refpeft of such his voluntary abfencty he arraignedy and publicity by due trialjf law9 upon apparent tejlimony and proof against him9 be proceeded withal for his Jaid moft heinous and abominable treafons:

(8)	And the said Francis Trefham being likewise one of the said moji detefiable traitors9 and being apprehended and imprifoned in the 1 rc 'am' tower of London, having by fitndry his examinations confejfcd him-felf a principal traitor in all the said moft wicked and abominable treafonSy died in the said tower, during the time of his said impri-fonmenty and before he could be indiffed of the said treaforiy &c. EXP.

The convictions and attainders of the traitors confirmed.—The forfeitu re of the offenders.—The forfeiture of certain of the traitors which were not arraigned. — From what days their several forfeitures shall have relation. —All the lends and goods of the traitors attainted shall be in

the aftual pofieflion of the King--A laving the right of others,—*-

Goods, chattels or debts of the traitors given, releaica or difeharged before the fifth of November lait.*

cap. in.

An aft declaratory, explaining the branch of an aft made in the first fef- 1 Jac. t. c. 9,

L 5	fion

l$o	Anno ccrtio Jacobi, c.4.

Hen of tbit parliament, intituled. Am	antlmrifixg.cntfew i**f*&*m /

ff the realm of England to treat ivith the commi/nner* of Satlnaa* /or the nueal of both kifigdoitis. 4 )ac. 1. c. 1.	*

CAP. IV.

Ah aS for tbt belter lifeovering and reprefftng of popifh re-

cufunts.

Forasmuch as it is foundbydaibp experience? that many his Mayefty's Jubje&s that adhere in thevr biarts to tbs phfnjh religion? by tbs infc&um <brawn from thence% and by tbt wicked amddr-vilifb counftl of jefuits? feminaries? and other He persons danger am to the church and Jlate? art Jo far perverted in the point yftheir loyalties and due allegiance unto the Kings majestyt and the cmmrdfZn^and? as they are ready to entertain and execute any troafonabie confpearias endprafticts, as evidently appears by that more than barbarous and horrible attempt to have blown up with gun-powder the King* ^hteetr? prince, lords and commons in the hostfe of parliament affimbkd? tending to the utter fubverfion of the whole fate? lately undertaken by the injbgation of jefuits and jemnarits? and in advancement of their religion? by their fcbolars taught and istflrufted by thertt to that purpose* which attempt by the goodnefs of Almighty God was diftoVered and de-fattd• (*) sfnd where divers persons popifbly offered* do nevertbekfs? bairto the	the better to cover and hide their falfe heartland with the morefafety to

thatch. attend the opportunity to execute their mfehtevous defigns, repairfome-tinus toeburcbi to efcape the penalty tfthe laws in that behalfprovided: II. For the better difeovery therefore of such persons, and their evil aftedions to the King’s majesty, and the ftate of this his realm, to the end that being known, their evil purpose* may be the better prevented; (2) be it  enacted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That every popilh recufant cofavi&ed, or hereafter to be cdnvi&ed, which heretofore hath conformed him or herfelf, or which shall hereafter conform him or herfelf, and repair to the church, and continue there during the time 1 Biz. c. 1. of divine fervice, according to the laws and statutes m that be-f EEHzC c *. half msK*c anc* Provided, shall within the first year next .after the »3 Eliz. c! 1. cnd °f this fefiion of parliament (if he or (he be conformed, as *7 Eli*. c.». aforesaid, before the end of this fefiion of parliament) or with->9 Eliz.c. 6. in the first year next after that he or fhe,fhall after this fefiion 35EI1Z. C. x Sc 0f parliament fo conform him or herfelf, and repair to church, as aforesaid, and after the said first year, shall once in every year following at the leaft, receive the blefled facrament of the Lord’s fupper in the church of that parifh where he or fhe shall moft ufually abide or be within the said year, wherein by the true meaning of this statute he or fhe ought fo to receive:

The forfeiture III. And if there be no such parifh church, then in the of a conform- church next adjoining to the place of his or h^r such moft ufual which doth zbode : (2) And if any recufant fo conformed shall not receive not receive the the said facrament of the Lord’s fupper accordingly, he or fhe facrament of shall for such not receiving lofe'and forfeit for the first year,-the Lord's twenty pounds, and for the fecond year for such not receiving,

forty

i&>5>J	Aand tertk> Jacobi, c. 4.	151

fortypoonde, and for every year after for such not receiving, (upper yearly, threefoore pounds, until he or (he dull have received the said Cro* J*c-fecrament, at it aforesaid ; (3) And if after heor (he (haH have received the laid facrament, as it aforesaid, and after shall eft-foons at any time offend in not receiving the said facrament, as is aforesaid, by the fpaoe of one whole year, that in every such cafe ftich person fo offending (haH for every such offence lofeand forfeit threefcore pounds of lawful Engli/b money $ (4) the one moiety to be to our fovereign lord the King’s majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him that will foe for the feme 1 (5) and to be recovered in any of the King’s courts of record St fPtftminfUr, or before justices of affize or general gaol-delivery, or before justices of the peace at their general quarter-felfions, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no eftbm, protection or wager of law shall be allowed.

IV.	And he it further  enacted by the authority of this pre- Prefentingthf lent parliament, That the church-wardens and conftables of !Ton*h'y every town, parifh or chapei, for the time being, or fotne one chorcb'oTa of them, or if there be none fuch, then fee chief conftables recufant.

of the handled where such town, pari(h or chapel is or shall be, 1 Shower 309.

or oneof them, as well In places exempt as not exempt, shall

once in every year prefent fee monthly absence from church of

all and all manner of popift recufants within foch towns

and parishes 1 (x) and shall prefent the names of every of the A recufant**

children of the said recufants, being of the age of nine years children and

and upwards, -abiding with their said parents, and as near as fervants.

they Can fee age of every of the said children asalib fee names

of the (enfant* of foch recufants, at the general or quarter fef-

titmsof feat (htrt, limit, divifion or liberty.

V.	And be it further  enacted by fee authority aforesaid. That The prefent, all such prefentments shall be accepted, entred and recorded in ments record, fee said fefoons by the clerk of fee peace, or town-clerk for ed.

the time being, or his deputy, without any fee to be had, afked or taken for the feme: (2) And in default of foch prefentment to be made, the said church-wardens, conftables, or high conftables refpeAively, shall for every foch default forfeit twenty (hillings; (3) and in default of such accepting, entring and . recording without fee, as aforesaid, the said clerk of the peace of town clerk shallforevery foch offenceforfeitandlofe forty (hillings.

VI.	And that upon every prefentment of such monthly ab- The reward ofi fence as aforesaid, whereupon such party fo prefented shall after tha church-happen to be indidkd and convi<fted, (not being for the feme

abfence before prefented) then the said church-wardens, conftables or high conftables refpe&ively, fo making foch prefent-ments, (hill have a reward of forty (hillings; (2) to be levied out of the-recufants goods and eftate, in such manner and form as by the more part of the said justices shall be by warrant under their hands and feels then and there ordered and appointed.

VII.	And be it further enacted by fee authority aforesaid, what officers

That the justices of affize and gaol-delivery at their affizes, and (V"qfnHu,r0 the said justices of peace at any o£ their said feffions, shall have 0	60	r*‘

power and authority by virtue of this aft to enquire, hear and

L 4	determine

iS%	Anrtp tciitkrjttxat; <zsm

determine of all recufaoto and offences, tatirwfeK<£tonnot <0* ceiving the facraraent aforefatd* aecbrding to the meaning -of tins law, as for jaot repairing to churchy according*© the! meaning of former laws, in such manner ami formas the (aid jufliow of aflize and gaol-delivery do ocjmay now do by farmer hws, in the cafe of recufeacy for not repairing to churchy (a^and alfo. fhaU have power at their said aflizes and gaol^ielivery, <a nd at the feflion* (in which any indictment against any perfon, ei— Thceffcft of ther for not repairing to church according to former laws, or the procUma- apt receiving the said facrament according to this law, fhali be tlon‘	taken)	to make proclamation v by which it shall be commanded,

that the body of every such offender shall be rendred to theifce-riff of the fame county, or bailiff, or other keeper of the gaol of the liberty, before the next aflizes and general gad-delivery, or before the next general or quarter-feflions refpeCtivdy to be ConviCtf onof holden for the said Ihire, limit, divifion or libertyc (a) if a rccuiaut. at tjve next aflizes and general gad-delivery or feffions, the feme offender fo proclaimed shall not make appearance of record, that then upon every such default recorded* the feme shall be as fufiicient a conviClion in law of the said offence whereof the party shall (land indiCled as aforefeid, as if upon the feme indi&ment a trial by verdict thereupon had proceeded* and been found against him or her, and recorded.

The penalty VIII. And be it further enaCted, That evciy offender in tiot of a convi&ed repairing to divine fervice, but forbearing the lame, contrary to recufant. the statutes in that behalf made and provided, that hereafter shall fortune to be thereof once convicted, shall in such of. the terms of Eafier and Michaelmas as shall be next after such conviction, pay into the receipt of the exchequer after the rate of twenty pounds for every month which (ball be contained in the *9 Elia. c. 6. indiClment whereupon such conviClion shall be; (2) and shall also for every month after such conviction, without any other indictment or conviClion, forfeit twenty pounds, and pay fata the receipt of the exchequer aforefeid, at two times in the year, that is to fay,. in every Eajler and Michaelmas term, as much a* then shall remain unpaid, after the rate of twenty pounds for every month after such conviClion; (3) except m such cafes where the King shall and may by force of this aCt refuie the fame, and take two parts of the lands, tenements, hereditaments, leafes and farms of such offender, till .the said party being indicted for not coming to church, contrary to former laws, shall conform himfelf ana come to church, according to the meaning of the statute in that behalf made and provided.

T'vfcry convic- IX. And that every conviCltion recorded for any offence before-tion fhali be mentioned, lhall from the jutlices befote whom the record of the exchequer	conviction shall be remaining, be certified into the King's

q ’ majesty’s court of exchequer, before the end of the term following such conviction, in such convenient certainty for the time and other circumftances, as the court of exchequer may thereupon award out procefs for the feizure of the lands ana goods of eyery such offender, as the cafe shall require: (2)

And

*53



Ajdqc tertio JACOBI.

0,4.

And if default fbaUbe made in any part of any payittentpfofe-faid, contrary to the form herein before limhea, that then and. fb often the king’s xnajefty, his heirs and fueceffors, shall and may by procefs out of the said exchequer, take, feize and enjoy all the goods, and two parts as well of all the lands, tenements and hereditaments, leafes and farms of such offender, as of all other the lands, tenements and hereditaments liable to such fcizure, or to the penalties aforcfaid, by the true meaning of this ad, leaving the third part only ot the fame lands, tenements and hereditaments, leafes and farms, to and for the maintenance and relief of the said offender, his wife, children and family.

. X. And whereas by an oft made in the feffion of parliament holden The statute of fy prorogation at Weftminfter in the three and twentieth year of the *3	c* *•

reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled\ An ad to retain the Grant's8 * fulpaia of the foul late Queen in their due obedience, It was monthly for-awongfl other things enacted by authority of the said parliament* feiturc.

That ovety person above the age of Jbcteen years* which Jbould not repair to feme churchy chapel, or ujual place of common prayer* but forbear thefme contrary to the tenor of a fiatvte made in the first year of the reign of the said late Queen* for uniformity of common prayer, f c f and being thereof lawfully committed* Jbould forfeit to the said Queen* for every month after the end of the said jejjton of parliament which. he or Jbe Jbould Jo forbear* twenty pounds of lawful Englifh money* as in and by the said aft of parliament more at large appeareth:

. XL And whereas afterward by another aft of parliament of the How by the said Queen* it was further 'enaftei by the authority of the said par-	6

liament (amengfi otoer things) how and when the Jdid payments of the thC Queen said twenty pounds Jbould bo made* and that if default Jbould betooulcfrecover made in any part of any payment of the said twenty pounds* contrary forfeiture* due to the form in the Jhid lajt Jpecifiidjlatute limited* that then and fot often the said Queen Jbould and might by procefs out of her Highnejs exchequer tale* feize and enjoy all the goods* and two parts as well of all the lands* tenements and hereditaments* Uafes and farms of hub offender* as of all other the lands* tenements and hereditaments* liable to such feizure or to the penalties aforesaid, by the true meaning ofjbe said aft of parliament* leaving the third part only of the Tame lands* tenements and hereditaments* leafes and farms* to and for the maintenance and relief of the fame offender* his wife* children and family* as in and by the last fpecijted Jlatute more at large also may appear: (2} Now forafmucb as the Jaid penalty of twenty pounds monthly is a greater burden unto men of fmall living* than unto such as are of better ability* and do refufe to come unto divine Jervlce* as aforesaid* who rather than they will have two parts of their lands to be feized* will be ready always to pay the said twenty pounds according to the limitation of the said jiatuus* and yet retain the rejidue of their livings and inheritance m their own hands* being of great yearly value* which they do for the mojl part employ (as experience hath taught) to the maintenance of fuperjlition	✓

afd popijb religion^ and to the relief of jefuits* feminaries* popijh

pricjls*

f54

Annft tettio Jacobi, xx+i	[1605.

priefis, end ether dangmns perfontto the (3)	M

/A# fotwtf /An hereafter the penalty for not repairing to Maine fertsut

might heInfktteiin hitter	prop upon men of greet ohibtf\ (4.)

be hetia&od by the authority of this present parliament, Thar the King’s majeAy, his heirs and fucceflors, shall fromsrtd after the feaft of Saint Mitboel the archangel next comity after the end of this- fdfion of parliament, have full power and liberty The King may to refofe the penalty of twenty pounds a month, though it be refofe sol. a tend red ready to be paid according to the law, and thereupon to month, and feixs and take to Ms own ufe, and the tiles, intents and pur-ofa'recount** pofes hereafter limited, two parts in three parts to ie divided, as well of all the lands, tenements and hereditaments, leafes Lute tc6. and farm* that at the time of such Tenure shall be, or after-Godbolt »i«. -ward shall come to any the said offenders in not coming to *<*9‘ church, or any other to his or her ufe, or in truft for him or her, or at his or her difpofition, or whereby or wherewith, or in confideration whereof, such offender or his family, or any of them, shall be relieved, maintained or kept;' as of att other lands, tenements and hereditaments in any wife or-at anytime liable to such (ensure, or to the penalties aforesaid, snd tbe fame to retain to hit own and other ufes, intents and putpofes hereafter in this aft appointed, till every such offender shall conform him or berfelf refpeftively, as aforesaid, in lieu and foil ncompence of the twenty pounds monthly that during his such leisure and retainer (half incur $ any thing in the said features, or any of’ them, or any other Iterate, to the contrary in any wife not-Savine the withftandjng: (5) Saving to oUr fovereign lord the King’s me-right Stothers, jefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and all atm every perfbn andper-fons, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs and fucceflors, (other than the said offender, his or her heirs, and all claiming to his or their ufe, or in truft for him or them, or at his or their will or difpofition) all and all manner of leafes, rents, conditions, and other rights and titles whatfoever had, made and done, bona fide,and without fraud and covin, before such feizure.

A recufant’* XII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority manfion- aforesaid, That the King’s majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, jj*11 ** shall not take into his two parts, but leave to fueh offender, reierv to cjkjcf manfion-houfe, as part of his third part, andfhall ThcKing’s not detnife, leafe nor put over the (aid two parts, nor any part two parts shall thereof, to any recufant, nor to or for the ‘ufe of any recufant• not be demifed (2) And tha( whofaever shall take the fame in leafe, or other-toa recuiant. y^fe, Qf Jvtnjefty, bis heirs and fucceflors, shall give such fecurity not to commit, nor fuller wafte to be committed, in or upon any the said premifles, as by the court of exchequer shall be allowed fufficient.

XIII.	And for the better trial how his Majesty’s fubjefts ftand affefted in point of their loyalty and due obedience; (2) be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the end of this prefent fefllon of parliament, it shall be lawful to and for any bifhop in his dioccfe, or any two justices of peace,

whereof

j6o$*3	Anno	tertio	Jacobs. c.4,	t55

whereof one of them to be of the quorum, within the limits of Who are com-their juriljftfttori, Out of the fdfiods, to require any person of	^

the age of eighteen years or above, being or which shall be con*	oat,,•

Vid or siAcUh£wcI bf or for iuty recu&rtcy, jother than noblemen or noble women, for not repairing to divine forViee, according to the lawft of this realm; (3) or which Stall not have received, the ihid (acmnent twice within the year then neat pall, nobie* . men and noblewomen excepted; (4) or any person pilling in or through the country, (hire or liberty, and unknown, except as i* last before excepted, that being examined by them upon oath, (ball cetdefa or not deny him Mf or her Self to be a te-eufamt, or (ball confefa or not deny that he or (he had dot received die laid facramentjtwiee within the year then laftpaft, to take the oath hereafter' following upon the holy evingelifts:

(5) Which (aid'biihopv or two justices of the peace, (hail cer- Certificate of tify in writing fubferibed with his or their hands at the next ge- the name of nerai or quarter-feflkm* for that (hire, limit) divifion or liberty,	"ho •*£-

within which the (bid Oath shall be fo taken, the chriftitm-natnev eth thc oatb* fomame, and place of abode of every person which (hill (b take the laid oath t which certificate shall be there recorded by foe check of the peace or town-dark, and kept amongft foe records, of the foid ration*.

XIV.	And be it farther thaded, That if any such person or Refufal of the perfoos, other than noblemen or noblewomen, shall refute to oath, anfwcr upon oath to such bHhop or justices of peace examining1 Bulftr. 199. tuna or her, as afoiefiud, or to take foe (aid oath duly tend-, ted unto him or her by such bilhop, or two such justices of peace, out of feffions, that then the laid bilhop or justices of peace shall and may commit the fame person to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprise until the next nftkze or general or quarter-feflions to be holden for foe said (hire, divifion, limit or liberty 5 (a) where the said oath shall bu again in foe said open affixes or teftions required of fiich perfon, by the said justices of aflize or justices of peace then and there, prefent, or the greater number of them : (3) And if the laid person or persons, or any other person whatsoever, other than noblemen or noblewomen, of the age of eighteen years or a* bove, shall refofe to take the said oath being tendred unto him. or her by the justices of aflize and gaol-delivery in their open affixes, or the justices of peace, or the greater part of them, in their foid general or quarter-feflions, every person fo refilling.

(hall incur the danger and penalty of framwmrt, mentioned in foe statute of pnemunirt, made in foefixteenth year of the reign of King Richard the Second 5 (4) except women -covert, who The penalty upon refufal of the said oath lhafl be by the (aid justices of aflize of primumre. in their open aflize, or justices of peace in their general or women co-S’ quarter-feflions, for the (aid.oflfence committed only to the com- Vert. mon gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, till they will take the said oath.

The

15$	Anno	tertio	Jacobi, c;*.

The tenor of which oath hereafter felloweth:

The form of XV. T A. B. do truly and ftncerely acknowledge, profefs, teftjfy and Aeoatb of	A	declare in my confcience before God and the world, That our

obedience, fivereign lord King JAMES is lawful and rightful King of this realm, and of all other his Majejbfs dominions and countries; and that the Pope neither ff himfilf nor by any authority of the church or fea j/'Rome, or by any other means with any other, hath any power or authority to depofi the King, or to dijpofe any of his Majejlfs king-JMpuiby derns or dominions, or to authorize any foreign prince to invade or an-iW. &*M.	n0y him or his countries, or to difebarge any of bisfubjeffs of their al~

feC i. c. S.	Itgiance and obedience to his Majejiy, or to give licence or leave to any

of them to bear arms, raife tumults or to offer any violence or hurt ta his Majeflfs royal perfin,flate or government, or to any of his Met-jejhfs fubjefls within hi} Majeflf s dominions.

(2) Alfi I do Jwear from my heart. That notvfithflanding any declaration or fentente of excommunication, or deprivation made or granted, or to be made or granted, by the pope or bis fuccejfors, or by any authority derived or pretended to be derived from him or his fee again)1 the said King;, his heirs or fuccejfors, or any abfolution of the find Jubjefts from their obedience: twill bear faith and true allegiance to his Maje-Jly, his heirs andfuccejfors, and him and themwill defend to the uttermojl ofmy power, agaiqfl ail confpiracies and attempts whatsoever whichJhaU be made againjl bis or their perfins, their crown and dignity, by rea-fon or colour of any such fentehce or declaration, or otherwife, and will do my heft endeavour to difclofe and make known unto bis Majejiy, bis heirs and fuccejfors, all treafins and traitorous confpiracies which I JhaU know or hear of to be againjl him or any of them.

.(3) And I do further Jwear, That I do from my heart abhor, de-tejl and abjure, as impious and heretical, this damnable doftrine and pofttion, Thatprinces which he excommunicated or deprived by the Pope, may be depofei or murdered by their fubjefts, or any other wbat-foever.

{4) And I do believe, and in my confcience am refobued, That neither the Pope nor any other perfin whatfoever, hath power to abfihe me of this oath or any part thereof, which I acknowledge by good and full authority to be lawfully minijtred unto me, and do renounce aUpardons and difpenfations to the contrary.

(5)	And au theft things I do plainly and fuicerclj acknowledge and Jwear, according to theft exprefs words by me Jpoken, and according to the plain and common fenfe and underjlandtng of the fame words, without any equivocation or mental evafion, or fecret nefirvation whatfoever : and I do make this recognition and acknowledgment heartily, willingly and truly, upon the true faith of a chriftiqn. t	So	help	me God.

No indiament (6) Unto which oath fo taken, the said person shall fubferibe his or her name or mark, verted fox dc- XVI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, fault of form.* That no indi&meat or indictments had or found, or hereafter

to

1605.3	Anno	terfio	Jacobi,	c.4.	157	*

to be had or found, against any person or persons, for not re- Palmer impairing to fome church or chapd, or ufual place of cotnnrKMV1* Co« ,3»* prayer, but abfenting him or her felf by the fpace ofbne month, ' contrary to the laws and statutes in that behalf provided, or for not receiving the (aid facrament contrary to this prefent law, nor any proclamation, outlawry or other proceeding thereupon, shall at any time hereafter be avoided, difeharged or reverfcd, by rea*

(on of any default in form, or lack of form or other defeat what-foever (other than by diredt traverfe to the point of not coming to church or not receiving the said facrament, whereof such perform or peribns hath been or shall be indidted) but the fame in* didhnent shall (land in force and be proceeded upon 5 any such default of form, or other defedt whatfoever notwifhftanding.

XVII.	Provided always, That if any person or persons fo in- He that con-didted, or to be indidted, shall at any time hereafter fubmit and formetb him-conform him or her felf, and become obedient to the laws of the Mf may unchurch of England, and repair to the parifh church of his or her a tnoft abiding, and if there be no fuch, then to the church next ad- mesk joining to his or her such dwelling, and there hear divine fervice according to the true meaning of the statute in that behalf made and provided, and there publickly receive the said facrament ac* cording to the laws of this realm of England now eftablilhed;

.That then every such person and persons fo indidted shall and may from thenceforth be admitted and allowed to avoid, difeharge, reverfe and undo the said indidtment and ihdidtments, and all	x

proceedings thereupon, in such manner and form as if this pre-Tent adt had not been had nor made ; any thing herein contain* ed to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding,

XVIII.	And Jorafmuch as it is found by late experience, That Jueb He shall take as go voluntarily out of this realm ^England to ferve foreign princes, the oath who Jlates or potentates, are for the mojl part perverted in their religion 8°^	°*

and loyalty by jefuits and fugitives, with whom they do there converft:

(a) be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That eve- prince. * ty fubjedt of this realm that after the tenth day of June next j inft. So. coming shall go or pafs out of this realm to ferve any foreign prince, date or potentate, or shall after the said tentn day pf June pafs over the feas, and* there shall voluntarily ferve any luch foreign prince, (late or potentate, not having before his or their goingor pafling as aforesaid, taken the oath aforesaid^ before the officer hereafter appointed, shall be a felon.

XIX/ And that if any gentleman or person of higher degree, A gentleman, or any person or persons which hath bom or shall bear any of- captain, or ficc or place of captain, lieutenant or any other place, charge or office in camp, army or company of foldiers, or condudtor pf prince, Saif* foldier3, shall after go or pais voluntarily out of this realm, to be bound to ferve arty such foreign prince, date or potentate, or shall volun- the King, Icc, tarily ferve any such prince, ftate or potentate, before that he and they shall become bound by obligation, with two such fureties as shall be allowed of by the officers which are hereafter by this adt limited to take the fame bond, unto our fovereign lord the King's xnajefty, tris heirs or fucceflors, in the fum of

twenty

J5§	Anno	tcitio	Jacobi.	£1605.

twenty pounds of currant	money at the Imft, #ifh eon-

4teoa to the effedk following, wall ho a felon.-

The tenor of which condition followeth, wz.

XX.	/TT'HAT */fifc	,	Ac.

X riw 4/fer be reconciled to tbe pope or fit ^Romc, nor /hat! enter into or confint unto any practice, plot or conspiracy what-foever again ft the King's majesty, his heirs and fiucejfirs, or any his and their eftate and eftates, realms or dominions; but  shall within convenient time after knowledge thereof had, reveal and iifilofe to the Kings majesty, his heirs and fiucejfirs, or feme of the lords qf his or their honourable privy council, all Juch pralines, plots and conspiracies ; that then the said obligation to be void.

Who shall taka * XXI. And that for the due execution of this branch of this the obligation, prefent law, it fhajl and may be lawful to and for the cuftomer and admini- and comptroller of every port, haven or creek, or one of them, Her the oath. ^ tjjCjr or cither of their deputy or deputies, and none other, tp receive and accept all and every such bond and obligation to and for the ufes aforesaid, and to minifter and give die oath a-forefaid, according to the true intent of this ftatute,^ taking for such bond (ixrpence and no more, and for the said oath no fee Forfeiture for at all:) (2) which said cuftomer and comptroller shall regifter not regittring and certify all and every such bond and oath fo taken* Into the and certify- fcourt 0f exchequer at Weftminfttr once every year, upon pain of five pounds fox every bond not fo certified, and twenty shillings for every oath not fo certified, f 3) Provided always. That this last mentioned branch, fhajl not extend to any perfpn or perfbns which are already gone or fhal] go beyond the feas to ferve any foreign prince, ftate or potentate, before the tenth day of June next coming, for his said going or paffing before the said tenth •	day of June. .

Putting in aXu, And further be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, practice to ab- That if any person or persons at any time after the said tenth day tolve or with- of june shall either upon the fea^s or beyond the feas, or in any from obeii- ot^cr P*acc	dominions	of	the King’s majesty, his

ence, or to re- heirs or fricceflors, put in practice to abfolve, perfwade or with-concile them draw any of the fubjedts of the King’s majesty, or of his heirs to the pope, and fiicceflbrs of this realm of England, from their natural obe-%l Elis. c. t. <jjcncc to fois Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, (2) or to reconcile them tp the pope or fee of Rome, or to move then* pr any of them to promife obedience to any pretended authority of the ke of Rome, or to any other prince, ftate or potentate j that then every such perfon, their procurers, counsellors, aiders and maintained, knowing the fame, shall be to all intents adjudged traytprs, and being thereof lawfully convidted shall have judgment, fuffer and forfeit, as in cafes of high treason.

B r w*th XXIII. And if any such person as aforesaid, at any time dnlwn or re- a^er t^ie tenth ^ay of June shall be either upon the feas conciled. . or beyond the feas, or in any other place within the dominions

of

x6eg.} Anno tertio jAcoW. C.4*	159

of tbe Kins’* foojcfty, Madeira or (bpeeflbra* willingly tbfohr« ed or withdrawn as aforefeid, or willingly reconciled, or fhatt promife obedience to any such pretended authority, prince, date or potentate as aforefeid: that every tods person or persons, their procurers and counsellors, aiders and mamtaincr*, know-, ing the feme, shall be to all intents adjudged tray tors; and being thereof lawfully conviried shall have judgment* fuller and forfeit, as in cafes of high treason.

XXIV.	Provided nevertbclefs, That the last mentioned etoufe a reconciled of this branch, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend per*®" taking or be taken to extend to any period or persons whatfocyer, Whichthe oatl1-(hall hereafter be reconciled to the pope or fee of Rtmt a* afore-

faid, (for and touching the point of fo being reconciled only) that shall return into this realm, and thereupon within fix days next after such return, before the bilhop of the dioeefe, or two juftiees of the peace jointly or feverally of the county where he shall arrive, fahmit nhnfelf to his Majesty and his laws, and t Elk. c. *. take the oath fet forth by aft in the first year of the reign of the	j*

late Queen Elizabeth (commonly called the oath of fupremacy)	V1 w*

as allb the oath before fin dorm in this prefent 8<S; (2) .which soff.«. c.1, said oaths the laid bilhop and juftiees. refpoftively fhali have f. *. power and authority by this prefent *<ft to miniftef to foch persons as afore faid: (3) and the laid oaths fo taken, the laid bifhop and juftiees before whom fach oaths shall be fo taken re, fpe&ivsly, shall certify at the next general or quarter-frifions of rite peace to be holden within the said (hire, limit, divifion or liberty, wherein such person as aforefeid shall fubmithitnfelf and take the said oaths as aforesaid, upon pain of every one neglecting to certify the feme as aforefeid, the fum of forty pounds,	"' v

XXV.	And be it ibrther emu&ed, That all and every person where the and persons that shall offend contrary fo this prefent branch of trial Shall be. this ftafote, shall be indicted, tried add proceeded agaidft by

and before the juftiees of aflizc and gaol-delivery of that county for the time being, or before the juftiees of the court of King’s bench, and be there proceeded against according to the laws and statutes of this realm against traytors, as if the said offence had been committed in the fame county where such person or persons shall be fo taken; any law, custom or ftafote to the contrary m any wife notwithstanding.

XXVI.	Provided always. That if any peer of tbis rfeaJm shall p happen to be indifted of any offence made treason by this a<3, he mail have his trial by bis peers as in other like cafes of treq-fon is accuftomed.

XXVII.	And be it further ensiled. That if any fubjeH oF tbis realm at any time after one month next after the end of this prefent fefiion of parliament, shall not refort or repair every Sunday to fome church, chapel or feme otbef ufaal place appointed for comriion prayer, and there hear divine fervice ac- t Eliz. «. *. cording to the statute made in that behalf, in the first year of the

reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, That then it shall and may be lawful to and for any one jufticc of peace of that limit, divifion

or

I

160	Anno	terdo	Jacobi. c.4.	[1605:

©r liberty, wherein the said party shall dwtB, upnh proof unto him made of fnch default or confeffion of die party or oath of The forfeiture witnefs, to call the said party before him $ (a) and if he or (he for not repair- shall not make a fufficient excufe and due proof thereof* to the ingtochurch fetisfadtion of the said juftke of peace, that it shall be lawful y' for the (aid juftice of peace to give warrant to the churchwarden of the laid parifil wherein the said party shall dwell, under hit hand and feal, to levy twelve-pence for every fiidh default, by diftrefs and fale of the goods of every foch offender, rendring to the (aid offender the overplus of the money railed of the feid goods fo to be fold: (3) and that in default of such diftrefe, it mall and may be lawful for the said juftioe of peace to commit every such offender to fome priion within the said (hire, divihon, limit or liberty, wherein such offender (haH be inhabiting, until payment be made of the said fum or Turns fo to be forfeited;

(4)	which forfeiture shall be imployed to and for the ufe of the poor of that parifh wherein the offender shall be relidcnt or a-biding at the time of such offence committed.

Within what XXVIII. Provided, That no man be impeached npon this fc^dcrhfhallbec*au^e* except he be called in queftion'for his said default wkh-impeached. ° m one month next after the said default made.

But once pu~ XXIX. And that no man being punifhed according to this niOied for one branch, shall for the fame offence be punifhed by the forfeiture offence. of twelve pence, upon the law made in the first year of the late Queen Elizabeth.

A repeal of XXX. And becaufe in one aft of parliament begun and holden at two branches Weft minder, in the five and thirtieth year of the late Queen Eliza-ofasEliz!^. beth, intituled, An a<ft to retain the Queen's majesty’s fubje&s ' £ a.	'	in their due obedience. There are mo branches contained, the firfi

beginning thus: (And for that every person having a houfe or family, is in duty bounden to have efoedal regard of the good government and ordering of the fame) andjo forth to the next claufe, beginning thus, (Provided neverthelefs, That this aft)hall net in any wife extend to punijh or impeach any persons for relieving, &c. ending with thefe words, Any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notvnthfianding) which said two branches or claufes are found defeftive:

XXXI. Be it therefore enalted. That the said two branches or claufes of the said a£t, and no more, shall be by authority of this present parliament utterly repealed and made void.

Relieving or XXXII. And in lieu thereof be it enacted. That every peribn keeping a re- and persons, which after one month next after the end of this cuumt m rut prefent feflion of parliament shall willingly maintain, retain, relieve, keep or harbour in his or their houfe, any fervant, fo-joumer or ftranger, who shall not go to, or repair to fome church or chapel, or ufual place of common prayer, to hear df-vine fervice, but shall forbear the fame by the fpace of one month together, not having a reafonable excufe, contrary to the laws and statutes of this realm, shall forfeit ten pounds for every month that he, (he or they shall fo1 relieve, maintain, retain, keep or harbour any such fervant, fojourner or ftranger in his or their houfe, fo forbearing as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And

1605.I	Anno tfirtio jAooBi. c.^	i6t

XXXHfc And that every pedoo which shall within the time Retaining a afiorefaid, retain or keep in his, her or their iervice, fee or Jive-ry, any person or persons, which shall not go to, or repair to	ec	or

forte church, chapel or ufuad place of common prayer to hear divine fervicte, but shall forbear the lame by the fpace of one month together,' shall forfeit for every month, he, (he or they shall fo retain, keep or continue in his, her or their fervice, fee or livery, any such person or persons fo forbearing as aforesaid* knowing the fatne, ten pounds; the fame penalties to be recovered and imployed in manner and form hereafter following.

XXXIV. Provided neverthekfs. That this adl shall not in Thc patbcf any wife extend to puni(h or impeach any person or persons for mother, ward, maintaining,^ retaining, relieving, keeping or harbouring his, &c. person her or their father or mother, wanting, without fraud or covin, committed by other habitation, or fufficient maintenance, or the ward of any autbont3r-fuch perfon, or any person that shall be committed by authority to the cuAody of any by whom they shall be fo relieved* maintained or kept; any thing in this adt contained to the con*' trary notwithftandinjr.

XXX V. And be it further enacted by authority of this pre- Breaking a fent parliament, That upon any lawful writ, warrant or procefs houfe to take awarded to any iheriff or other officer, for the taking or ap- a recufant ex-prehending of any popi(h recufant (landing excommunicated for C0Ifimunicate. such recufancy, it shall be lawful for such (heriff or other officer authorized in that behalf, if need be, to break open any houfo Wherein such person excommunicate shall be, or to raife the power of the county, for the apprehending of such perfon, and the better execution of such warrant, writ or procefs.

XXXVI, And be it further enacted* That all and every of- in what courts fence to be committed or done against this prefent adt, shall and the ounces may he enquired of, heard and determined before the justices of J* hcarc* the King’s bench, justices of affize and gaol-delivery, in their a™*dctcrmia~ several raizes and gaol-deliveries j (2) and all offences other than treason shall be enquired, heard and determined before the justices of peace in their general or quarter-feffions to be holden within the (hire* divifion, limit or liberty wherein such offence shall happen.

XXXVIL Provided always, *nd be it enacted by the autho- Attainder of rity aforesaid, That any attainder of felony made felony by this felony, no for-ad as ia aforesaid, shall not in any wife extend to take away the ^ dower of the wife of any such person attainted, or be any bar ruption 0/°^ for the recovery of the tame, nor shall make or work any cor- blood, ruption of blood, or difherifon of any the heir or heirs of any such person or persons fo attainted; this act, or any thing there* in contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

XXXVIII* And be it further enacted, That if any adtion or The pica to an sdtion9 shall at any time hereafter be commenced or Drought a- adtionbrought gainft any person or persons doing, committing, or command-inganyadl or thing, for or concerning the execution of this 0f tbislUtuu prefent ftatute* or any article or claufe therein contained;

That then every defeftaftnt in fucti adtion or adtions, may plead Vot. VII.	M	the

afti cal court referved.

x6i	Anno tertio Jacobi. c.$l	\ 1605.

the genera] iflue, and be received to maintain the fame by any evidence that (ball prove his doings and proceedings warrantable - by this law.

The authority XXXIX. Provided always. That neither this act, nor any ecclefi- thing therein contained, shall extend to take away or abridge the authority or jurifdiftion of the ecclefiaftical cenfures, tor any caufe or matter, but that the coramiffioners of his Majesty, bis heirs and fucceflors, in caufes ecclefiaftical, for the time be* mg, and the archbifbops, bifltops, and other ecclefiaftical judges, may do and proceed, as before the making of this aft they lawfully did or might have done; any thing in this aft. to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

XL. Provided always, and be it enafted, That no person shall be charged or chargeable with any penalty or forfeiture by force of this act, which mall happen for his wire’s offence in not receiving the said facrament during her marriage, nor that any woman shall be charged or chargeable with any penalty or forfeiture by force of this act, for any such offence of not receiving, which shall happen during her marriage.

XLI. Provided alio, and be it enacted by authority of this pre-

No forfeiture for the wife's offence.

Who may

t^ce the oath fcnt parliament. That in all caufes whereany bifhop or justices of a noble	- -	*	*	-	*	*

man or woman.

of the peace may by force of this aft require and take of apy fub-jeft the oath above mentioned. That the lords of the privy council for the time being, or any fix of them, whereof the lord.chan-celior, lord treafurer, or the principal fecretary for the time, to be one, shall have full power and authority by force of this act, at any time or times, to require and take the said oaths before mentioned, of any nobleman or noblewoman (then being above the age of eighteen years ;) (2) and if any such nobleman or noblewoman (other than women married) shall refufe to take such oath or oaths. That in every such cafe, such nobleman or noblewoman shall incur the pain and danger of a pramunire.

Who shall take	XLII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority of this

the oath m parliament, That where any person or persons shall go or pafs our of the cinque ports, or any member thereof, to any parts beyond the feas, to ferve any foreign prince, ftate or potentate, that in.every such cafe, the lord warden of the cinque ports for the time being, or any person by him in that behalf appointed or to be appointed, shall have full power and authority by virtue hereof, to take the bond, and minifter the oath to such paflengers, as is above mentioned.

CAP. V.

xfi R. 2. c.

the cinque porta

An a£l to prreent and avoid dangers which grow by popifb

recufants.

WHEREAS divers jejuitSy femnaries andpopifl.) pricfls daily do withdraw many of his Mqjeflys fubjefts from the true fir-vice of Almighty God, and the religion ejldblijhed within this realm, to the Rcmijh religion, and from their loyal obedience to his Majejlyy and havl of late fecretly perfwaded divers recufants and papifts, and encouraged and emboldened them to commit niojl damnable treafinSy

tending

6

163

i6o5.]	f	Anno fertio Jacobi. c.£/

tending to the overthrow of God's true religion, the defiruflim of Us Majefiy and his royal iflitei and the overthrow of the whole Jlate and commonwealth, if God of his goodnefs and mercy had not within few hours before the intended time, of the execution thereof% revealed and difdofed the fame; (2) wherefore to difcover and prevent such fe-cret damnable confpirades and treafons as hereafter may be put in ure by such evil difpofe’d persons, if remedy be not therefore provide?; (3) be it enalted by the King’s molt excellent ma- The reward of jeity, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in him who dif~ this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the coveretha fame. That such person as shall first difcover to any juftice of ^nc or peace, any recufant or other person which shall entertain or relieve any jefuit, feminary or popilh prieft, or shall difcover any mafs to have been faid, and the persons that were prefent at such mafs, and the prieft that said the fame, or any of them, within three days next after the offence committed, and that by reafon of such difcovery any of the said offenders be taken and convicted or attainted, That then the person which hath' made such difcovery, shall not only be freed from the danger and penalty of any law for such offence, if he be an offender therein, but also lhall have the third part of the forfeiture of all such Turns of money, goods, chattels and debts, which shall be forfeited by fuch. offence, (fo as the feme total forfeiture exceed not the ium of one hundred and fifty pounds; (4) and if it exceed the fum of one hundred and fifty pounds, the (aid person fo difcovering the said offence shall have the fum of fifty pounds only for every such difcovery ;) (cj and such person fo difcovering the fame, after convidtion of the offender, shall have a certificate from the judges or justices of peace before whom such convidtion shall happen, to be directed to the (heriff or other officer of the fame county, limit or place, that shall feize the goods or levy the said forfeir ture, commanding the said (heriff or other officer to pay the fame accordingly to him that fo difcovered the fame, out of the monies to be levied by Virtue of the said forfeitures, which warrant and payment lhall be effedtual in the law for that purpose, and a fufficient difcharge in that behalf for the sheriff, or other officer upon his account.

II.	And whereas the repair of such evil-ajfeRtd persons to the £ recufant court, or to the city of London, may be very dangerous to his Ada- {q the wurtT6 jefly's perfoHy and may give them more liberty to meet, confult and plot their treafons and practices againjl the Jlate, than if they Jbould be refrained and confined unto their private houses in the country: (2) for remedy hereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid That no popilh recufant convidted or to be convidted shall come into the court or houfe where the King’s majesty, or his heir apparent to the crown of England fhali be, unlefs he be commanded fo to do by the King’s majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, or by warrant in writing from the lords and others of the molt honourable privy council of the King’s majesty, his heirs and fuc-ceflors, or any of them ; (3) upon pain to forfeit for every time fooffendiug, one hundred pounds; the one moiety to the Kang’s

M 2	4	ma-

t6+	AAno	tertio	jACofil.	c.$.	fn&j'5V

majesty, his heirs and fucceffors ; the other moiety to him that toil! difcover and fue for the fame, by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his Majesty’s courts of record, wherein no efloin, protection or wager of law shall be allowed. Hecufants III. And that all popifh recufants indicted or convicted, and ftiall depart all other persons, which have not repaired to fome ufual church from London. or chapel, and there heard divine fervice, but have fbrbom the ‘ feme by the fpace of three months last paft, contrary to the lam and statutes of this realm, dwelling, abiding or remaining within the city of London, or the liberties thereof, or within ten miles of the said city, shall within three months next after the end of this feflion of parliament, depart from the said city of London, and ten miles compafs of the fame; (2) and also shall deliver up their names to the lord mayor of London, in cafe such reeufant do dweM or remain within the said city of London, or the liberties thereof: (3) and in cafe the said reeufant shall dwell or remain in any other county within ten miles of the fame city, then the said reeufant (hail deliver up his or her name to the next juftice of peace within such county where the said reeufant shall fo dwell or remain, within forty days after the end of this feflion of parliament; (4) upon pain that every person fo offending herein shall forfeit to our fo-Vereign lord the King’s majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, the fum of one hundred pounds ; the one moiety whereof shall be to the King's majesty, his heirs and facceffors; the other moiety to him or them that will fue for the fame by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in iny of the King’s majesty’s courts of record, wherein no effoin, protection or wager of law lhall be admitted or allowed.

IV.	And that aH popifh recufants which shall hereafter come; dwell or remain within the said city of London or the liberties thereof, or within ten miles of the said city, which now are or hereafter shall be indicted or convicted of such recufancy, or which shall at any time hereafter not repair unto fome ufual church or chapel, and there hear divine fervice, but shall forbear the fame by the fpace of three months, contrary to the laws and statutes of this realm, shall within ten days after such indictment or conviction depart from the said city of London, and ten miles coftipafs of the fame, and also shall deliver up their names to the lord mayor of London for the time being, in cafe such reeufant shall dwell or remain within the said city of London or the liberties thereof; (2) and in cafe the said reeufant shall dwell or remain in any other county within ten miles of the said city, then, the said reeufant shall deliver up his or her name to the next juftice of peace within such county where the said reeufant shall fo dwell or remain, within the said ten days next after such indictment or conviction ; (3) upon pain that every person offending herein shall iikeyife forfeit to our said fovereign lord the King’s majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, the like fum ef one hundred pounds; the one moiety whereof shall be to the King’s majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them that will fue for the fame byaCtion of debt, bill, plaint

or

*605-]	Anno	(ertio Jacobi, c.5.	16$

or information, in any of the King’s majesty’s courts of record, wherein no eflbin, protection or wager of law shall be admitted or allowed.

V'. Provided always. That such person or persons as now ufe Tradefinen any trade, myftery or manual occupation within the said city of ?ncj London, or within ten miles of the fame, and such as have or m *-ondon« shall have their only dwelling within the said city, or ten miles compafs of the fame, not having any other dwelling or place of abode elfewhere, shall or may remain and continue in such place within the said city, or ten miles of the fame, as they have dwelled, inhabited or remained in by the fpace of three months next before this prefent feflion of parliament; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas by a Jlatute made at Weftminfter in the five and 35 El**. c-thirtieth year of the reign of S$ueen Elizabeth, intituled, An ad for the retraining of popifh recufants to fome certain place of a-bode, it was among/} other things ordained and’ enabled. That every popijb retufant then or after convifted for not repairing to churchy €hapely or ufual place of common prayer, having any certain place of dwelling and abode within this realmy Jbould within the time limited by the said fiatute repair to their place of ufual dwelling and abode, or ' not having any certain place of dwelling or abode within this realmy Jbould likewise within the time limited by the said Jlatute repair to the place where such person was horny or where the father or mother of such person Jbould be dwellingy and not at any time remove or pafs a-hove five miles from thencey under the pains in the faidJlatute limited 00 and provided; (2) which Jlatutey by reafon of sundry licences given unto such recufantSy under colour of a provifo in the find Jlatute con-tainedy bath not wrought that good effeft in the commonwealth as was hoped: (3) be it therefore  enacted and ordained by this present parliament, and by the authority of the fame. That the said fta-tute made in the laid five and thirtieth year of the said Queen 35 ®1“. C-jElizabeth* for and concerning the confining of the said recufants under the pains and penalties therein contained, shall by this a£t, and by the authority of the fame, be confirmed, and be hereafter put in due execution, according to th? tenor, true ini-tent and meaning of the said statute in that behalf made : (4) A repeal of a and that the said provifo in the said fiatute contained, giving provifo con-power to grant licence or licences unto the said recufants, to go £“ncd mJthc and travel from or out of the compafs of the said five miles, shall 3S^El?z.°c. *. be from and after the end of this prefent feflion of parliament touching ii-* utterly repealed and void; any thing in the said statute to the cence to recu* contrary in any wife notwithstanding.	fant*

VII.	Provided neverthclefs, and be it further  enacted bv this present parliament, and by the authority of the fame, Tnat it lhall and may be lawful for the King’s mod excellent majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, or for three qr more of his Majesty’s moft honourable privy council, or for three or more of the pri-? vy council of his heirs and fucceflors, in writing under the hands of the said privy counfellors, to give licence to every such re* Licence to a tufaflt tp go and travel out of the compafs of the &d five miles, ^eudrant con"

M 3	Cro.Jac. 351*

166	Annojtcrtio	Jacobi.	c:g.:	[160$.

for such time as in the said licence shall be contained, for their travelling, attendihj* and returning, and without any other caufc to be exprefled within the said licence: (2) and if any of the persons which are fo confined by virtue of the said (haute, as is aforesaid, shall have neceflary occafion'or bufinefe to go and travel cmt of the compafs of the (aid five miles, that then and in every such cafe, upon licence ih writing in that behalf to be gotten, under the hands and feals of four of the juftiees of-peace of the lame county, limit, divifion or place next adjoining to the place of abode of such recufant, with the privity and aiTent m writing of the biihop of the diocefe, or of the lieutenant, or of any deputy-lieutenant of the fame* county redding within the said county or liberty, under their hands and feals; (3) in every of whicn licence or licences in writing fo to be had and made, shall be fpecificd and contained both the particular caufe of the said licence, and the time how long the laid party licenced (half be abfent, in travelling, attending and returning: (4) it fhail and may thereupon be lawful for every such person to licenced, 'to go and travel about such their neeerfary bufinefs, and for foch time only for their travelling, attending an<d returning, as (hail be comprifed in the said licence, the said party to licenced first taking his corporal oath before the said four juftioes of the peace, jor any of them (who shall have authority by virtue of this wSt to minifter the fame) that he hath truly informed them of the caufe of his journey, and that he shall not make any caufelefs ftays : effe& of a (5) And that ail and every licence hereafter to be made in this licence to be behalf, contrary to the tenor, effect and true meaning of this l^ur^ufiimof ®atu!tc>	utterly void, (hiftrate and of none elfe&; any

peace..	01	thing	in	the said former a£t, or in this a<ft to the contrary not-

withftanding. ‘ (6) And every person fo confined, which shall depart or go above fiye miles from the place whereunto he is or Shall be confined, not having such licence, and not having taken such oath as aforesaid, shall incur the pain and penalty, and forfeit as a recufant convicted, and paffing or going above five miles from the feid place whereunto ne is or shall be confined, by the said statute of tricejimo quinta Elizabeth<r, fhouJ4 do.	•	4

' Vm. And be it further enaAed by the authority aforesaid. That no recufant convift shall at any time after the end of this feffion of parliament practice the common law of this realm as a fanftionf counfellor,^clerk, attorney or folicitor in the fame, nor shall practice the’civil law as advocate or proAor; (a) nor pra&ice phyfick, nor ufe or exercife the trade or art of an apothecary; (3) nor shall be judge, minifter, clerk or fteward of or in any court, or keep any court, nor Audi be regifter or town-clerk, or other minifter or officer in any court; “(4) nor ihall bear any office cr charge as captain,7 lieutenant, corporal, feijeant, an-ciembearer or other office in camp, troop, band or company of foldiers; nor shall be captain, mafter,' governor, or bear any Office or charge of or in any (hip, caftlc or fortrefs of the King’s inajeft/s, his heirs and fucceflbrs 5 (5} but be utterly difabled 4	-	-	*	’	for

35 Elis. c. 1.

A recufant difabled to pra&ife certain offices

1605.] Anno tertio Jacobi, e.5.	167

for the fame : (6) and every person offending herein shall also forfeit for every such offence one hundred pounds $ the one moiety whereof (bail be to the King's majesty, his heirs and fuc-ccflbrs, and the other moiety to him that will fue for the fame by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of the Kang’s majesty’s courts of record, wherein no effoin, protection or wager of law shall be admitted or allowed.

IX.	And be it also enadled by the authority aforesaid, That no popifti recufant convidt, nor any having a wife being a popifti {fcak recufant convidt, shall at any time after the end of this fettion of parliament, or any popifti recufant hereafter to be convidl, of having a wife which hereafter shall be a popifh recufant convidl,

at any time after his or her convidlion, shall exercife any pul)-lick office or charge in the commonwealth, but shall be utterly diiabled to exerciie the fame by himfelf, or by his deputy ; ex-, cept such hulband himfelf, and his children, which shall be a-bove the age of nine years abiding with him, and his fervants in houftiola, shall once every month at the lead, not having any reafoitable excufe to the contrary, repair to fome church or chapel ufual for divine fervice, and there hear divine fervice ; (2) and the said hufband, and such his children and fervants as are of'meet age, receive the facrament of the Lord’s fupper at such times as are limited by the laws of this realm, and do bring up his said children in true religion.

X.	And be it also enadled by the authority aforesaid. That a woman .every married woman, being or that shall be a popifh recufant married recu~ convidled* (her hufband not (landing convidled of popifh regu- fant* fancy) which shall not conform her felf and remain conformed, 7 ^ac *•

- J>ut shall forbear to repair to fome church or ufual place of common prayer, and there to hear divine fervice and fermon, if any then be, and within the said year receive the facrament of the lord's (jupper, according to the laws cf this realm, by the jfpace of o^e whole year next after the death of her said hufband, inall forfeit and lofe to the King’s majesty, his heirs and fuccef-for9, the iffues and profits of two parts of her jointure, and two pprts of her dower, in three parts to be divided, during her life, of or out of any the lands, tenements or hereditaments, which are or were her said hufbands, and also be difabled to be executrix or adminiftratrix of her said hulband, and to have or demand any part or portion of her said late hulband’s goods or chattels, by any law, custom or usage whatfoever.

XI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That A recufant every popifti recufant which is or shall be convidled of popifti re- shall be as ex-pufancy, shall (land and be reputed to all intents and purposes commumcat-difabled, as a person lawfully and duly excommunicated, and as % Bulftr. 155. if he or (he had been fo denounced and excommunicated according to the laws of this realm, until he or (he fo difabled shall

conform him and her felf, and come to church, and hear divine fervice, and receive the facrament of the Lord’s fupper, according to the laws cf this realm, and also take the oath appointed 3	c#^

find prpfcribed in one other adt made this prefejit fefiion of par-

JV1 4	li	ament.

I ft

What a&ions a recufant may prole-cute.

Latch 172, *77-

Jlccnfant* . marriages by priefts, &c.

The baptifni oi reculants children.

Anno tertio Jacobi. G.5.	[1605,

lament, intituled. An act for the better dtfcevering and repreflkng of fopijh recufants: (2) and that every person and persons lucd or to be fued by such person fo difabled, shall and may plead the fame in difabling of such plaintiff as if he or (he were excommunicated by fehtence in the ecclefiaftical court.

XII.	Provided neverthelefs, That it shall and may be lawful for any such person fo difabled, for and ’ notwithstanding any thine in this law contained, to fue or profecute any aAion or fuit for or concerning only such of his or her lands, tenements* leafes, rents, annuities and hereditaments, or for the ifliies and profits thereof, which are not to be feized or taken into the King’s hands, his heirs or fucceffors, by force of any law, for or concerning his or her recufancy, or any part thereof.

XIII.	Ana for that popijh recufants are not ufuatiy mart ted, nor their children cbrijlned, nor themfelves buried according to the law of the church ^England, but the fame an done fuperjlititmjly by popt/h persons in Jecret, whereby the days of their marriages, births and burials cannot be certainly known: (2j be it further enaAed by authority of this prefect parliament. That every man being or which shall be a popifh recufant conviAed, ancj who (halT be hereafter married btherwife than in fome open church or chape), and otherwise than according to the orders of the church of England, by a minifter lawfully authorized, lhall be utterly difabled and excluded to have any eftate of freehold into any the lands, tenements and hereditament's of his wife, as tenant by the eottrte-fy of England: (3) and that every woman being, or which‘(hall be, a popifh recufant conviAed, and who shall be hereafter married in other form than as aforesaid, shall be utterly excluded and difabled, not only to claim any dower of the inheritance of her hufband, whereof (he may be endowable, or any jointure of the lands and hereditaments of her hulband, or any of his an-ceftors, but also of her widow’s eftate and frank-bank in any cuftomary lands whereof her hulband died feifed, and likewise be difabled and excluded to have or enjoy any part or portion of the goods of her said hufband, by virtue of any cuftovn of any county, city or place where the fame shall lie or be5 (4) and Cf any such man shall be married with any woman contrary to the intent and true meaning of this aA, which woman hath or shall have no lands, tenements or hereditaments, whereof he may be entituled to be tenant by the courtefy, then such man fo marrying as aforesaid, shall forfeit and loie one hundred pounds, the one half thereof to be to the King’s majesty, his heirs and fac-ceflbrs, and the other moiety to such person or persons ’as shall fue for the fame by aAion or debt, bill, plaint or information, m any of the King’s irajefty’s courts of record, wherein noefibin, proteAion or wager of law shall be admitted or allowed.

XIV.	And that every popifh recufant which shall hereafter have any child born, shall within one month next after the birth thereof caufe the fame child to be baptized by a lawful minifter, according to the laws of this realm, in the open church of the feme pariih where the child shall be bom, or ip fome other

9hurcl}

j 605*] Anno tertio Jacobi. €.5.	^9

church near adjoining, or chapel where baptifm is ufiially admU ntftred: or if by infirmity .of the child it cannot be brought to such place, then the lame shall within the time aforesaid be bapr traed by the lawful minifter of any of the feid parifhes or places aforesaid ; (2) upon pain that the father of such child, if he he living by the fpace of one month next after the birth of such child, or if he be dead within the feid month, then the mother of such child, shall for every such offence forfeit one hundred pounds of lawful money of England* one third part whereof to be to the Xing’s majesty, his. heirs and fucceffors; one other third part, to the informer, or him that will fue for the feme, and the other third part to the poor of the feid parifh, to be recovered by action of debt, hill, plaint or information, in any of the King’s majesty’s courts of record, wherein no effoin, prote&ion or wager of law (haU be admitted or allowed.

XV.	And if any popifh recufent, man or woman, not be- The forfeiture jog excommunicate, shall be buried in any place other than in for bfuryinS the church or church-yard, or not according to the ecclefiafti-

cal laws of this realm, that the executors or adminiftrators of cate, out of /every iuch person fo buried; knowing the feme, or the party the ohurch or that caufcth him to be ib buried, lhall forfeit the fum of twenty churcji-yard. pounds ; the one third part whereof shall be to our foyereign lord the King 5 the other third part to the informer, or him or them that will fue for the feme; and the other third part to the poor of the parifh where such person died, to be recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of the King’s majesty’s courts of record, wherein no effoin, protection or wager of law shall be admitted or allowed.

XVI.	And be it further enacted by this present parliament. The forfeiture That if the children of any fubjedt within this realm (the feid dct^f^the /children not being foldiers, manners, merchants, or their ap- realm.1"* C prentices or fadtors) to prevent their good education in England, 3 Jac.'x. c.*, or for any other caufe, mall hereafter be fent or go beyond (eas, Hob. 73. .without licence of the King’s majesty, or fix of his honourable1 RoU* I0*f privy oouncil (whereof the principal fecretary to be one) under

their hands and feals, That then all and every such child and children fo fent, or which shall fo go beyond the (eas, shall take no benefit by any gift, conveyance, defcent, devife or other- v wife, of or to any lands, tenements, hereditaments, leafes,’ goods or chattels, until he pr they being of the age of eighteen years, or above, take the oath mentioned in an adt'of parliament made this prefent feffion, intituled. An act for thi bettor difcovering and reprejfmg of popijb ucufanu, before fome juftice pf peace of the county, liberty or limit, where such parents of such children as shall be fo fent, did and shall inhabit or dwell;

(2) and that in the mean time the next of his or her kin, which shall be no popiih recufent, shall have and enjoy the said lands, tenements, hereditaments, leafes, goods and chattels fo given, conveyed, defcended or devifed, until such time as the person fo fent or gone beyond the feas, shall conform him or herfelf, find take the aforefiud oath, and receive the fecrament of the

ford’s

ij<*	Anno tcrdo Jacobi,	[1605.

lonfs flipper: (3) and after fiicji oath taken, and conforming Of himfelf, and receiving the facrament of the fupperof the Lord, he or they which have fo received the profits of the hid lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods and chattels or any of them, shall make account of the profits fo received, and in reafonable time make payment thereof, and neftore the value of the said goods to foch perfbn as shall fo conform him or herfelf as afore-The forfeiture laid : (4) and that aii such persons as shall fend the said child of him who or children over feas, without licence as aforesaid (uidefs the child be ond ®“d ^Id or children be merchants, or their apprentices or (ac~ tbe fea.y° tors, mariners or foldiers) shall forfeit one hundred pounds, to 3 Jac. 1. c. 4. be divided, had and recovered in three equal parts, whereof the aCsr-1. c. %t one third part shall be to the King, his heirs and fucceflors, the 11 & 11 W « ot^cr p*rt to fiich as shall fue for the fame, and the other jc. 4. f.*6. S third part to the poor of such pari(h where such offender doth inhabit or remain, by a6rion of.debt, Ml, plaint or information, in any the King’s majesty’s courts of record, wherein no eflotta, protection or wager of law shall be admitted or allowed.

The forfeiture XVII. And fir that many fubjetts of this realm, being neither °f	mmbants, nor their fatten, nor apprentices, foldiers nor mariners,

epnt beyond ^	/*/*	beyond the feas without licence, and are not as yet re*

f ’	turned, [%) be it further  enacted by die authority of this prefent

parliament, That if any of the said persons fo gone beyond the feas without licence, which are not yet returned, lhall not within fix months next after their return into this realm, then being of the age of eighteen years or more, take the oath above fpeci-fied before feme juftice of {%eace of the county, liberty or limit, where such person lhall inhabit or remain, that then every such offender shall take no benefit by any'gift, conveyance, defeent, devife, or otherwife, of or to any lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods of chattels, until he or they, being of the laid age of eighteen years or above, take the faia oath : (3) and that likewise in the mean time the next of km to the person fo offending, which shall be no popHh recufant, lhall have and enjoy the said lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods and chattels lo given, conveyed, defeended or devifed, until such time as the person fo offending shall conform himfelf, and take the aforesaid oath, and receive the said facrament of the Lord’s fupper; (4) and after such conforming, taking of the said oath, and receiving of thefaid facrament, he or they that lhall have fo received the profits of the said lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods and chattels, lhall make account of the profits fo received, and in reafonable time make payment thereof, and of the value of such goods and chattels, to such person as lhall fo conform hint or herfelf as aforesaid.

A recufant XVIII. And be it further  enacted by the authority of this fonttoa£ene-Prc^*ent parliament, That every person or persons that is or fice, nor grant lhall be a popifh recufant convift, during the time that he an advowlon. lhall be or remain a recufant, lhall from and after the end °k t^s Prc^ent fefl*on of parliament, be utterly difabled to pre-1 W. & M. £nt tQ any benefit core or without cure, prebend or any

'	other

*605.3 Anno tefrio Jacobi, c.5.	171

other ecclefiaftical living, or to collate or nominate to any free SeflT 1. c. «6. fchool, hofpital or donatwe whatsoever, and from the begin- 11 Arm*i ning of this prefent feffion of parliament, shall likewise be dif- 1 at c* abled to grant any avoidance to any benefice, prebend or other ecclefiaftical living. .

XIX.	And that .the chancellor and fcholars of the univer- The chancel-iky of Oxford* fo often as any of them shall be void, shall |or an^chf°* have the presentation, nomination, collation and donation <^ }haU prSnt to and to every such benefice, prebend or ecclefiaftical living, a reoifant's Ichool, hofpital and donative, let, lying and being in the coun- benefice in ties of Oxford, Kent, Middlefex* Suffix* Surrey, Hampjhire* certain coun-Berkjbtre* Buckinghamjhirt, Glouceferjbire* Worcefterjhire* Stafo fordjhhe* H^arwickfbire, Wiltjhire* Smerfetjhire, Devon/hire, Com-'

wal* Dorfetjhire* Merrfordftnre* Northamptonshire* Pembrokejbire* Caerrnarthenfiire* Brecknockjhire, Monmouthjhire* Cardiganfbire, Montgomeryjhire* the city of London, and in every city and town, being a county of itfelf, lying and befog within any of the limits or predndls of any or the counties afbrefaid, or in, or within any of them, as shall happen to be void during such time as the patron thereof shall be and remain a recufant con-vidl as aforesaid.

XX.	And that the chancellor and fcholars of the univerfity of The chancel-Cambridge, shall have the prefentation, nomination, collation Jor anrUfhor and donation of and to every such benefice, prebend or ecclefi- bridge, m" aftical living, fchool, hofpital and donative, fet, lying and be-

ing in the counties of EJfex* Herifordjbire* Bedfordjbire* Cam+ brtdgejbire* Huntingtonjbire* Suffolk* Norfolk y Lincolnjbirt, Rut-hndfhire* Leiceflerftnre* Darbyjhtre* tfottingbamfhire, Shropflnre*

Chtjbire* Lancajhire*YorkJhire* the county of Durham* Northumberland* Cumberland* Wefimerland* Radnorjhire* Denbijhire* Flint-Jhirey Carnarumjbire, Anglefeyjhire, Merionetbjbire* Glamorganr Jbire, and in every city and town, being a county of itfelf, lying within any ot the limits or precindls of any of the counties last before mentioned, or in or withfo any of them, as shall happen to be void during such time as the patron thereof shall be and remain a recufant convidt as aforesaid*

XXI.	Provided, That neither of the said chancellors and None shall be fcholars of either of the said univerfities, shall prefent or nomi- presented who hate to any benefice with cure, prebend or other ecclefiaftical ^efice. ^er living, any such person as shall then have any other benefice

with cure of fouls, and if any such prefentation or nomination shall be had or made of any such person fo beneficed, the said prefentation or nomination shall be utterly void; any thing in ^this adfc to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII.	Moreover* lecaufe recufants convift are not thought meet A recufant

to be executors or adrmniftrators to any person or persons wbatfoever* not be nor to have the education of their own children* much lefs of the chil- adminSbator iren of any other of the King9} fubjeflsy nor to have the marriage of 1	■

them 5 (2) be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That such recuiants convidlcd, or which shall be convidled at foe time of the death of any teftator, or at the time of the •’ *	*	w	granting

IfZ

A recufant /hall be no guardian.

Who {hall have the ward? Ihip.

The King's wards.

Pppifh books.

Juflices may fearch for books printed, See,

Anno tertio Jacobi. c.$.	fi	605*

granting of. any adminiftration, {hall be difabled to be executor or adminiftrator by force of any teftament hereafter to be made, or letters of adminiftration hereafter to be granted, nor shall have the cuftody of any child, as guardian in chivalry, guardian itt focage, or guardian in nurture, of any lands, tenements or hereditaments, being freehold or copyhold, but shall be adjudged difabled to have any such ward (hip or cuftody of any such child, or of their lands, tenements or hereditaments, being freehold or copyhold as aforesaid.

XXIII.	And that for the better education and prefervation of the said children, and of their eftates, the next of the kin to such child or children, to whom the said lands, tenements or hereditaments of such child or children cannot lawfully defeend, who shall ufually refort to fome church or chapel, and there Sear divine fervice, and receive the holy facrament of the Lord’s (upper thfic£ in the yeair next before, according to the laws of tjiis realm, shall have the cuftody and education of the fame child, and of his said lands and tenements, being holden in knights fervice, until the full age of the said ward of one and twenty years, and of his said lands, tenements and hereditaments, being holden in focage, as a guardian in focage, (a) and of the said lands, tenements and hereditaments holden by copy pf court-roll of any manor, fo long as the custom of the said manor fli^ll permit and allow the fame j (3) and in every of the laid cafes shall yield an account of the profits thereof to the laid yvard, as the cafe shall require.

XXIV.	And that if at any time hereafter, any of the wards of the Xing’s majesty, or of any other, shall be granted or fold to any popifli recufant convidf, such grant or fale shall be utterly void and of none effedt.

. XXV. And be it further  enacted by the authority of this pre-fent parliament, That no person or persons shall bring from be-

)rond the Teas, nor shall print, fell or buy any popifn primers, adies pfalters, manuals, rofaries, popifh catechifms, miffals, breviaries, portals, legends and lives or faints, containing fuper-ftitious matter, printed or written in any language whatfoever, nor any other fqperftitious books printed or written in the En-glijh tongue ; (2) upon pain of forfeiture of forty {hillings for every such book; one third part thereof to be to the King’s ma-jefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, one other third part to him that will fue for the fame, and the other third part to the poor of die parifh where such book or books shall be found, to be recovered by addon of debt, bijl, plaint or information, in any of the King’s majesty’s courts of record, wherein no effoin, protection or wager of law shall be admitted or allowed^ and the said books to be burned.

XXVI.	And that it shall be lawful for any two justices of peace within the limits of their iurifdidtion or authority, and to all mayors, bailiffs and chief officers of cities and towns corporate in their liberties from time to time, to fearch th$

1605.]	Anno	tertio	JacoSi.	d.5.	173

houfes and lodgings of every popilh recufant convict, of of* every person whole wife is or shall be a popilh recufant convidt, for popilh books and relicks of popery : (2) and that if any altar, pix, beads, pidtures, or such like popilh relicks, or any popilh book or books, lhall be found in their or any of their cuftody, as in the opinion of the said juftices, mayor, bailiff or chief officer, as aforesaid, lhall be thought unmeet for such recufant, as aforesaid, to have or ufe the fame, shall be prefent-ly defaced and burnt, if it be meet to be burned: (3) and if it A crucifix de-be a crucifix, or other relick of any price, the fame to be de- faced, faced at the general quarter-felfions of the peace in the county where the fame lhall be found, and the fame fo defaced to be re-ftored to the owner again.

XXVII.	And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, Arecufimt> That all such armour, gunpowder ana munition, of whatfoever armour, kinds, as any popilh recufant convidt within this realm of Eng-

land, hath or lhall have in his houfe or houfes, or elfewhere, or in the hands or pofleflion'of any other at his or their difpofition, lhall be taken from such popilh recufants or others which have or lhall have the fame to the ufe of such popilh recufant, by warrant of four justices of peace at their general or quarter-def-fions, to be holden in the lame county where such popilh recufant lhall be relident (other than such neceflary weapons, as shall be thought fit by the said four justices of peace to remain and be allowed for the defence of the person 61 persons of such recufants, or for the defence of his, her or their houfe or houfes) and that the said armour and munition fo taken, lhall be kept and maintained at the cofts of such recufants, in such places as the said four justices of peace at their said feffions of the peace • lhall fet down and appoint.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore- The forfeiture laid. That if any such recufant having or which lhall have any of a recufant such armour, gunpowder and munition, or any of them, or if armour1"8 any other person or persons which lhall have any such armour, gunpowder and munition, or any of them, to the ufe of any

fuch recufant, lhall refufe to declare or manifeft unto the said justices of the peace, or any of them, what armour he, (he or they have, or lhall have, or shall let, hinder or difturb the delivery thereof, to any of the said juflices, or to any other person or persons authorized by their warrant to take and feize the fame; then every such person fo offending contrary to this fta-tute in this behalf, shall forfeit and lofe to the King's majesty,-his heirs and fuccelTors,* his and their said armour, gunpowder and munition, and lhall also be imprifoned by warrant of or from any justices of peace of such county, by the fpace of three months, without bail or mainprize.

XXIX.	And yet neverthelefs, be it enacted by the autho- a recufant rity aforesaid. That notwithstanding the taking away of such lhall maintain armour, gunpowder and munition, the said popilh recufanthls armour* lhall and may be charged with the maintaining of the fame,

and with the buying, providing and maintaining of horfe, and

other

ij4	Anno	tertio Jasobi. c.C.	{'1605'.-

other armour and munition, in such fort as other his Ma-jefty's fubjefts from time to time shall be appointed and commanded, according to their several abilities and qualities, and that the said armour and munition, at the charge of such popifh reculant, for thepi, and as their own provilion of armour and munition, shall be (hewed at every mufter, (hew or ufe of armour to be had or made within the said county.

Ecctefiaftical XXX. Provided always. That neither this act, nor any cenfure*. thing therein contained, shall extend to take away or abridge the authority or jurifdiftion of the ecclefiaftical cenfures, for any caufe or matter; but that the commiffioners of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, in caufes ecclefiaftical, for the time being, archbilhops, bi(hops and other ecclefiaftical judges,

(	may	do	and	proceed	as	before	the	making	of	this	aft	they law-

fully did or might have done; any thing in this aft to the cpn-» trary in any wife notwithftandirtg.

CAP. VI.

An aft to enable all bis Majesty*s loving fubjefts ^England and Wales, to trade freely into the dominions of Spain, Portugal and France.

Explained by \XT H E R E A S divers merchants have of late obtainedfroth the 4 Jac. c. 9. V V King's moft excellent majefiyy under the great feal 0/England, The King a ^arSe charter of incorporation for them and their company to trade granted a into the dominions of Spain and Portugal, and are also moft earnejl charter of in- fuitors to obtain the like from his said Majesty for France, whereby corporation none	and such as they /halt think ft> as being meer

tnerclhants to me*chantsy /ball take benefit of the said charter, difabling thereby ail trade into others his Majesty's lovingJubjefls of this realm of Englandi/ufWales, Spain, &c. who during all the time of her late Majefiy's warsy were in divers Skinner 1 ja. refpefts greatly charged for the defence of their prince and country, and therefore ought indifferently to enjoy all the benefits of this mojl happy peace ; (2) and also debarring them front that free enlarge-The several fnent °f commn lraffick into thofe dominionsy zubich othert his Ma-inconvenien- j(fifs fubjefts of his realms ^Scotland and Ireland do enjoy; (3) tie* that to the manifejl impoveri/hing of all owners of Jhipsy majlersy marinersy w°u]d enfue fijhermen, ciotbiersy tuckersyfpinftersy and many thoujands of all forts charter should °f tidieraftfmeny befides the deer cafe of his Majefiy's cujlomsy fub-take effeft. feics and other impofitionsy and the ruin and decay of navigation, together with the abating of the prices of our woolsy cloth f corn and such like commodities, arifing and growing within this hit said Majefiy's realm of England, and thteYihancing of all French and Spanifti commodities, by rcafon of the infujfieiency of the merchantsy they being few in number, and not of ability to keep the great number of cur /hips and feafaring men aworky and to vent the great fiore of commodities which this his Majefiy's dominion of England doth yield j (4) and by means that all owners and maritiersy with divers others (if theft incorporations should continue)  shall be cut off from their ordinary means of maintenance, and preferring their eftates \ andfinally, by reafon that all French and Spanilh commodities Jball be in a few

mens

*75

i5o5?]	Aimo tertio Jacobi, c.7.

mem hands: (5) in refpeft whereof, asalfifor many other manifold in-conveniences growing thereby, much hurt and prejudice muft needs redound to alibis Majtjly's loving fubjefis of this his Highnefs realm of England, if reformation for the prevention of fo great an evil be not had in due time : (6) for remedy whereof, be it epafted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in thi9 present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it ihall and may be lawful to and All the King's for all his Maiefty’s fubjefts of this his Highneis realm of England fubje&e may and kVales, from, henceforth at all times to have free liberty to trade into and from the dominions of Spain, Portugal and porm^fajld France, in such fort, and in as free manner, sis was at any France, time accuftomed fithence the beginning of this his Highneis moft happy reign in this his realm of England, and at any time before the (aid charter of incorporation was granted, paying to the King’s moft excellent majesty, his heirs aftd fuc-cenors, all such cuftoms and other duties as by the laws and statutes of this realm ought to be paid and done for the fame: the said charter of incorporation, or any other charter, grant, aft,. or any thing elfe, heretofore made or done, or hereafter to be done, to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That this act, or any thing therein None reftrain. contained, shall not be of force to enable or give liberty to any cd by person or persons to go over fess without licence, who by the [h^e^n^ laws and ftarutes of this realm, or by any statute hereafter to without be made, shall be reftrained from going beyond the feas with- licence, out licence ; any thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. VII.

An aS to reform the multitudes and mifdcmeanors of attornies and foUcifors at law, and to avoid unntcejfary fusts and charges in law.

FOR that through the abufe offundry attornies andfolicitors by charging their clients with exceffrve fees and other unnecefjary demands, such as were not, ne ought by them to have been employed ' or demanded, whereby the fubjefls grow to be overmuch burthened, and the praflife of the juft and honejl ferjeant and counfellor at law greatly Jlandered: and for that to work the private gain of such at-tornies and folicitors, the client is oftentimes extraordinarily delayed: An attorney (2) be it  enacted by the authority of this present parliament,

That no attorney, folicitor, or fervant to any, shall be allowed mon^ywhich from his client or mafter, of or for any fee given to any ferjeant he giveth for or counfellor at law, or of or for any fum or fums of money fees, Uc. given for copies to any clerk or clerks or officers in any court * Silk. 86. or courts of record at Wejlminjler, unlefs he have a ticket fub- yn ** feribed with the hand and name of the fame feijeant or counfellor, clerk or clerks, or officers aforesaid, teftifying how much, he hath received for his fee, or given or paid for copies, and at what time, and how often : (3) and that all attornies and A bill of folicitors shall give a true bill unto their matters or clients, or charges.

their



Anno terdo Jacobi. c.S.

fl^*

Carthew 57, H7-

Kaynt. 245. An attorney delaying his client'sTuit,

a Geo.2.c.11 f.23;

tVho only

nies or folici-

tors.

aGeo.z.c.sj.

ffcetir affigtttf, of all other chargee <x>nceraing’the tfeey have for them* fubfcribed with MsoWnhandund rame^ before fach time a* they or any of them fliatt charge* their clients with any the fame fees or changes: (4) arid thatLiinhe attorney dr fohritor do or shall willh^ty delay his cfaSnM foil* or demanding fo work his own gain, or demand by his bill any othenfumCof more than his moneyj ^ allowance upon his account of any moneyswhaeis he hath not laid out or difourfed, that in every nich cafe*the pasty grieved shall have his a&ion against such attorney or fotiakary and recover therein cofts and treble damages, and thefidiat-tomey and folicitor shall be difeharged from thenceforth fount being ah attorney or folicitor afiy more.

II. And to avoid the infinite numbers of folkatare and oXA shall be^attor- tornies be it  enacted by the authority of this present parliament * -^at none fl^ll from henceforth be admitted attornies in any the King’s courts of record aforesaid, byt such as have b$en brought up in the fame courts, or otherwise well pra&ifed in foliciting of caufes, and have been found by their dealings to be fkilful and of honed difpofition : (2) and that nohb to be fuffered to folicit any caufe or caufes in any of the courts afore-* faid, but only such as are known to be men of fuffidem^uhd No followingJioneft difpofition : (3) and that no attorney shall admit any other to follow any fuit in hi$ name; upon pain that batf&th* attorney and he that followeth any such fuit in his name,vfharil each of them forfeit for such offence twenty pound ; the »one moiety thereof to our fovereign lord the King, his hubs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to the party grieved, to be recovered in any of the said courts of record aforesaid, by original writ of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no mattneg of effoin, wager of law or protection shall be allowed: and that the attorney in such cafe shall be excluded from being an attorney for ever thereafter.

cap. vm.

An act to avoid unnecejfary delays of executions. * •

In what cafes T^Orafmuch as his Highnefs fubjefts are vow more commonly execution Hi all JP holden from their juft debts, and often in danger to lofe the ”0t n^heTuit fcme^ h means of writs of error, which are more commonly fuedtba* ©fa writ of* heretofore they have been: (2) be it therefore  enacted by the au-* thority of this present parliament. That from and after, the end of this prefent feflion of parliament no execution (ha'll be flayed or delayed upon or by any writ of error, or Juperfedeas thereupon ..	to be f°r reverfing of any judgment given, or to be

CroVjac. 402. given, in any aftion or bill of debt upon any fingle bond For debt 5 1 Roll. 329,	(3) or upon any obligation, with condition for the payment

of money only ; (4) or upon any adiori or bill of debt for rent, or upon any contrail; ($) fuea in afty of his Highnefs courts of record at Wejlminfter% or in the counties palatine of Chefter, Lancajler or Durham, or in hii Higltnds courts of great fef-13 Car. fiat. *. fjons jn any 0f the twelve (hires of tValcs; (6) ufilefi* such per-c’2’	fon or perlons in whofe name or names such writ of error shall

4 be

ot a fuit in

another's

name.

2Geo.2.c.2i.

£10.

error.

2 Bulftr. 53, 234-

Moor 853. pi. 1165.

39-?. Roll. 140. Farther prtyui-Jions relating lento.

iSogJ	Anno	tertio	Jacobi.	c.9.	.	tyj

be brought, with, two fufficicht fureties, such a# the oourt+Mod. 7> *» . (wherein luch judgment is or shall be given) lhall allow oF, gs» • • Utah firftbefore such flay made, or fupto be awarded,Mod.cafom be bound urtto the party for whom any such judgment is or law ihall be given, by recognizance to be acknowledged in the lame court, in double the fum adjudged to be recovered by the said fonnerjudgment, to proiecute the said writ Of error with effe6t, and allio to iatisfy and pay (if the laid judgment be affirmed) all and Angular the debts, damages and coils, adjudged or to be adjudged upon the former judgment; andiall colt? and damages to be alio awarded for the fame delaying of execution. (7 ) Continuance This a61 to have continuance to the end of the hrll feffion pf the ot ,hi' ftatute* next parliament. Made perpetual by 3 Car. 1.	4.	16

iy.Car. z, e. 8* .

CAP. IX.

Ah aB far the relief of such as lawfully ufe the trade and handicraft of fanners-

WHEREAS the said artizan fanners before the one and Qjpitzatjeth’s, twentieth year of the fate $ueen were at liberty, and ufually 4M transport into the ea/t-iand countries, coney-Jktns, and lamb-flans cbant8> that tailed morkiuSy of the growth of this kingdom, being in great requefl none but they in thofe countries, without contradiction: in which one and twentieth Should tranf-gear of her Majesty's reign the eafl~Umd merchants procured a charter from her Mafljty, in which is contained a prohibition therein, that none but they the merchants of thofe countries might transport any merchandizes thither: (2) fitbence which time the said artizan fitin-hers have by colour of thofe letters patents been refrainedfrom tranf portation, and thereupon did for the maintenance of them and their.. poor families apply tbemfelves to their handy labours, and to provide and buy within this realm, as well of petty chapmen as others, the faidflans within this kingdom 5 (3) and the Jurplufage over and above such as they wrought into manufactures, they fold to the said merchants that bad gotten the said Utters patents for tranfportation as afore-faid; (4) by reafon whereof the said artizan Jkinners, with their wives and famuUsy lived in good manner, and maintained many thoufandsy both towers and other workmeny and very many of them , were fubfidy-meny and men that paid many duties in good fort; (5) Bywhitmean* until of late time that divers merchants and otberSy for their own art“?.n , private gaisiy do by tbemfelves, their factors and fervantsy in dif- tonneriuved. orderly and unmerchant-hke manner, buy* foreflaUy ingrofs and provide the said cmmoditieSy and fo dr aw.the whole trade into their own bands y and work the Jam in their own boufesy and not contented therewith* do likewifefell and retail tbefaidjkins here again unto other merchantf rangers, whereby they do deprive the faidartlzan Jkinners both from buyingy felling and tranfportationy and thereupon the whole trade of artizan Jkinners is utterly impoverijhed 'generally throughout England:

11. Be it therefore  enacted by our fovereign lord the King's Merchant* majestyy by tbe lords fpiritual and temporal* and the commons, ftaiVa<3 in this prelent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of . Yql. YU.	N	the

if*

fldns, nor tranfport them un-drtfled.

How many coney- flans at the Ieaft a merchant muft buy and at one time.

Whom only a flciimer may take to be nis apprentice or journeyman.

Who shall recover the forfeiture, and by what means.

Anno trnkr JaCow. C.9.	£1605.

the fame, That no person or persons after the end- of three months next enfulng after the end of this prefent fcffion of parliament, uflng the trade of merchandize or any other, shall chefs or caufe to be are fled, in his or their houfe or houfes, or by any prork-man appointed by them for that porpofc (thole workmen not bang artizan fkinners, and uflng the trade of the artizan (fanners; any of the black coney-duns of this kingdom; (a) nor shall tranfport or carry bevond the Teas, nor caufe to be transported or carried beyond the fas, nor mall pack, fhip or lade, to the intent to tranfport or carry beyond the fleas, any black eoney-fkins of the breed of this realm, unlefs the feme fkins shall first be tawed and duly and perfeftly wrought, dtdTed and packed within this realm, by tnofe that are artizan fkinners or tawers unto the said artizan fkinners, according tor the fcicnce, art and faculty of theartltai) fkinners ; (3) upon pain bf forfeiture of foch fkins fo packed, flapped* laden and transported, contrary to this act, or the juft and foil value thereof.

III.	And be it funher ertafted by the authority afonefaid. That no person .or persons uflng or exertifing the trade of a merchant, (hail after the end of the said three months next' ett-fuing after the end of this prefent fcffion of parliament, .buy,' bargain or contra# for, or caufe to be bought, bargained 01* contracted for, any coney-lkins or lamb-ferns, commbnly called morkins, of the breed of this realm, or being yrithin this realm, under the number of one thousand black coney-lkins, or three tboufand grey copey-dkins, or two thoiifend lamb-fkins called morkins, at a time, and thofe not to bd bought or contracted for in or by parcels, but to be-ccm drafted for, bargained and delivered at one time intireiy together, and hot by parcels, (except it be of theartizan fkinners) (2) nor shall utter or fell the feme again, nor any part thereof, to any person or persons witbing this reaim in fmall parcels ; that is to fey, under the number of'one thoufend black coney-fkitis,-and three thoufend of grey concy-fkins, and two thoufend of morkins at a time, unleft it be to the artizan fkmner * (3) upon-pain of forfeiture of the feid fkins or thefuH value of the fame.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefetd.

That after the end of the feid three months next enfuiag after the end of this prefent feffion of parliament, no person at- persons shall take, retain or keep any fervant, journeyman or apprentice, to ferve or work with nim therein; except the feid person fo uflng or fetting up the -feid trade, myftety or occupation, have ferved feven years at the ieaft as an apprentice therein, and do ufe the trade and handicraft of a fkinner; (2) upon pain of forfeiture of the double value of all such fldns or furs as shall be drefled or wrought by such person or persons, his-or their fervants, journeymen of apprentices, contrary to.the intent of this aft. ....	.

V.	And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all forfeitures and penalties,, which by force of this aft fhall’arife of grow, ihall be divided and diftributed in manner, and form

• ■ following.

m

AflBO ttftiojACoBl.-C.ro:

following, that it to fi»y, the one moiety of die feid penalties' and forfeitures afore-mentioned shall be to our fovereign lord, the King's majesty, his bars and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof, to such ptrfon or persons as shall feize the said fkms or furs fo forfeited, or shall fup for the fame penalties and fbrfeifures, by' adtkm of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any court of record: in which fuits no efToin, protection or wager of law- frail be allowed.

VI.	This aft to endure until the end of the first feftion of The contlnw the next parliament. 3 Car. i- c. 4. Continued	the end *fance of this .

the firjt feffian of	the next parliament,and farther continued bp lbftatute-

Gar. r, r. 4.-

CAP. X.

An aft far the rating and levying of the charges for conveying malefaMorsand offenders the gaol.

WHEREAS his Majesty's honeft and loving ere.At whole much (burred and bnrthened in conveying felons, and other oharge an malefafter sand offenders againfl his Majtjiy's laws	unto

the gaol,	pumjbable by imprisonment there, the laid felons and other SUf7

malefoBors and offenders,having goods and chattels of their own . -whereby to defray the fame charge themfelves, to the great euccurage-nxnt of fuch	snalefaflorsand offenders in their	wicked and bad

tturfu, and to the fUJceuragement of his	faid	boneft	and

lavingfybjefts in profecssting the said malefaftors and offenders to be peaftflsed	according to their demerits: (a) be it enabled by the

King’s mod excellent nvyefly, the lords fpiritual and teipppmU and the commons in this present parliament aftembied, and by authority' of the fame, That all and every person and Mifons' whatfoever, that from and after the end of this prefent feflion of parliament, (ball be committed to the common or ufuar gaol within any county or liberty within this realm, by any jwfticq or juftices-of the peace, for any offeree or raifdemeanor to any fitch gaol, that the £ud peribn or persons fo to be pommitted as aforesaid, having means or ability thereunto, frail bear their own reafonable charges for ib convtying nr fending them to the said gaol, and the charges allb of such as frail' be appointed tt> guard them to such gaol, and frail fo guard them thither : (3) and if any such person or persons fo to be committed as aforesaid, frail refufe at the time of their commitment and fending to the said gaol, to defray the said charges, How the or frail not then pay or bear the fame, That then such juftice charges shall or juftioes of the peace frail and may by writing under his of [he prisoner their hand and feal, or hands and reals, give warrant to the to ^ con liable or conftables of the hundred, or conftable or tythingr them, man of the tytbing or townfhip where such person or persons frail be dwelling and inhabit, or from whence he or they (ball be committed as aforesaid, or where he or they shall have any goods within thecounty or liberty, to fell such and fo much of the goods and chattels of the said persons fo to be committed as by the diferetion of the (aid juft ice or justices of the peace fhaU Usisfv and pay the Charges of such his or their conveying and

N 2	fending



If the offender be not able to bear his charset the parinioners sail do it.

The remedy if any person taxed refufe t^pay*

The defendant’s plea in an a&ion brought for any thing done by force ef this aft.

Ahno tcrdo jACTdifti. c,i<).	6o£#

fending to the said gaol, the appraifement to he made by four of the boncft inhabitants of the parish or tything where fueb. goodsor chattels shall remain and be, and the overplus of the money which shall be made thereof to be delivered to the party to whom the said goods (haU belong.

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, .That if the 'faid person or persons fo to be committed as aforesaid,. shall not have or be known to have any goods*or chattel* which may be fold for the purpofc aforesaid within the county of liberty, That then an indifferent tax or affeflinent ibali her made by the constables and church-wardens, and two or three*, other the honed inhabitants of the parifh, townfhip or tything' where the said offender or offenders (nail be taken or apprehended, the laid taxation being allowed under the hand of one or more juftice or judices of the peace, if there be 'fuch cortdables or church-wardens there inhabiting, and in default of kthetp, by. four of the principal inhabitants of the said parifh, townlhk) joc tithing, where such offenders shall be taken or apprehended; (2) and if any fo taxed or aflefied shall refufe to pay their taid1 taxation, then the judice or judices of peace by whom the (aid offenders shall be committed to prifon as aforefiud, or any other judice of peace next adjoining, shall and may give warrant a# 'aforefaid, to the conftable, tithing-man or other officer, them to didrain the goods of any fo allefled, which shall refufe to pay the fame, and to fell the fame 5 (3) and that fuch'perfon-Or persons fo authorized, shall have full power and authority fo to didrain, and by appraifement of four fubdantial inhabitants of the said place, to fell a fufficient quantity of the goods and chattels of the said persons fo refufing; for the levying of the feid taxation ; and if any overplus of money come by the fale thereof, the fame to be delivered Xo the person or persons, owner or owners thereof.

III.	And be it enabled by the authority of this prefent par-> liament, That if any aftion of trefpafs or other fait shall happen to be attempted or brought againd the person or persons for taking of any didrefs, making of any fale, or any other act by authority of this prefent aft, the defendant or defendants in any such action or fuit, shall and may either plead not guilty, or otherwise make avowry, cognizance or juftification for the taking of .the said didreffes, making of fale or other ad by virtue of this act, (2) alledging in such avowry, cognizance or judifica-lion, that the said didrefs, fale, trefpafs or other thing whereof the plaintiff or plaintiffs complained, was^done by authority of this act, and according to the tenor, purport and effeft of this aft; without any exprefling orrebearfal of any other matter of cirtrum-ftance contained in this prefent aft: (3) to which avowry, cognizance or juftification the plaintiff shall be admitted to freply. That the defendant did take the said didrefs, made the said fale, or did any other aft or trefpafs fuppofed in his declaration, of his own wrong, without any such caufe alledged by the said defendant $ whereupon the iflue in every such aftion shall be

’	'	jpiafcl

*6q5*3	Anno tertlq Jacobi, c.j i.	iU

joined to be tried by verdid of twelve men, and not otherwife, accuftomed in other perfonal adions; (4} and upon the trial ' of that iflue, the whole matter to given on both parties in evidence, according to the very truth of the fame; (5) and The defend-aftet such iflue tried for the defendant, or honfuit of the plain- ant tiff, after appearance, the said defendant to recover treble da- damages and mages by reafon of his wrongful vexation in that hchalf, withcolb coin alio on that part fuftained, and that to be afiefled by the fame-jury, or writ to enquire of the damages, as the fame shall require: (6) this ad to continue until the end of the first fef- The cpntlnu-lion of the next parliament. 3 Car. 1. r. 4. Continued until the of end ofihefirft feffron of the next parliament, andfarther continued by 16 Car. x. r. 4.

CAP. XI.

An aS far tranfportation of beer over the feas.

WHEREAS by a fiatute made in the first year of the reign

our new mojt gracious fbveretgn lord King James, it is law* jful to tronjpart over the feas barley or malty when the common price perfon, and 7 thereoffhaU not exceed the prices in the said fatute limited \ {a.) by to what places which said aft it is lawful for every person and persons, being fub~ « Jac*	*$•

jebfs of the King"s majejly, bis heirs dndfuccejfors, to transport of hie ' own. and to buy and tranfpert unto any port beyond the feas in amity with his Majejly, to fell as merchandise, injbips, crqyers or other; veffehy ivhtreof any Engliih-born fubjeft or fubjefls then  shall be the owner or owners, any barley or malt, when the price of every Jucb quarter of barley or malt exceeds not at tpe times, havens and plates? where and when the fame  shall be Jbipped or laden, the fum of fourteen Jhiliings current Engliih money, paying to the King’s majejly, his heirs and fuccejfors, for the cufiom and poundage of every such 'quarter of barley and malt fo tranfported, the fum of Jixteen-pence, yn full fatisfaftion of all manner ofeuftom and poundagefor the fame $

(7) nowfor that by the tranjportmg of beer, the eujlom and poundage The feVen$ that will grow due to the King’s majejly for the fame beer will be ^ne?tf *ri“ much greater, than when the barley or malt whereof the said beer is made Is tranfported, and alio that the navy and mariners of this realm Qf beer more twill be the more encreafed, for that one Jhip or boat load of barley or than of malt. malt will, if the fame be brewed out into beer, make fourjeveral Jhips or boats load of the fame burthen of beer to be tranfported: (4) the tillage likewise of this realm will be cherijhed andincreafed, by reafon of the moreJpeedy and often venUof the beer than of barley or malt:

(5) and (dfo by the brewing of such malt into beef within this realm pj be tranfported\ divers port-towns will be greatly comforted and relieved, many of his Majejly’s fubje&s thereby impbyed and fet on work, and the trades of coopers and brewers will be thereby better enabled to live and maintain themfehes, their wives, children and families :

II. Be it therefore enaded by the King’s molt excellent At what timea majesty, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and by the commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority !	N	3	pf	7

\Zt	Annb tircib JfAdoSL* C.1&

t>F the fame, That at all times from and after the feaft tt pen-tecoft which {hall be in the year of our Lord God ong&oufahd fix hundred and feven, it shall and may be lawful for all and every person and perlbns to transport ot his own, or to buy ?md traniport, or caufe to be bought and tranfported, any beet fcfith the calk, unto any place or phcts beybnd the leas in afbftjf add league with his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, to fell as chandize or otherwife, in (hips, crayers, Or other veffds^ .wfiftt the price of every quarter of malt at the times, havens and places, when and where the fame shall be fhipped and loadth, exceed not the fum of fixteen fhillings current Englijb money; shy ordinance, law or- statute to the contrary, thereof in any Wife What impoft notwithstanding: (2) and that the King’s majesty his heirs and and custom fucccflbrs, ftiallhave and receive by the cuftomers, comptrollers ^beertranf-an<* °®ccr* of his ports where fitch beer shall bet> fhipped or r^etedr m ‘ loaden to be tranfported, the fum of eight shillings fix pence ?■ for impoft, and eighteen pence for cuftom, to be paid by eJeiy lubjeft of the King’s majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, for dvery ton of beer ib to be tranfported : (3) and Iikewife the ftim or ten ftiillings for impoft, and two and twenty pence half-peny for cuftom, to be paid by every ftrahger; (4) which (half be in full (atisfaftion of all manner pf cuftom, poundage, impoft, or other duties whatfoever for the fame beer; any conftitution, order, law, statute or custom heretofore made, ufed or t^keft for transporting of any such beer, to the contrary in any wife notwithltanding.

15 El. c. xi. III. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further tnafted and declared, That this aft nor any thing therein contained, shall extend to repeal or make void any daufe, article or provifion contained in any former law now in force, touching the bringing in of clapboard, calk or (hafFoldboard, but that every such branch, article, daufe or provifion, shall extend as well unto all and every tranfportation or tranfportations made lawful and warranted by virtue of this act, as otherwife; any thine con-Tht contlnu- tained in this aft to the contrary notwithstanding. (2iThis a«ce of this aft to continue but to the end of the first feflion of the next ***•	parliament. 3 Car. 1. c. 4. Continued until the end of the JirJl

fejp.cn of the next parliament^ and farther continued by ib Car. 1, c. 4. altered by 1 IV. & Xf. Jl. 1. c. 22.

CAP. XII.

An act for the better prefervation of fea-fifb. *

The forfeiture T?QRASMUCH as it is certainly known by daily experience, that for fctting up X1 the brood offea-fjh is fpawned and lieth in fill waters, where °* fnC<Tft ^lt tnaf ^ave re- 10 receive nourfoment, and grow to perfection, and ?ng thlt ;*s there dejiroyed by wears, draw-nets, and nets with canvas, or Ifry of fidi. or like engines in the middle or bofom of them, in harbours, havens and Came* of the creeks within this realm, to the great damage and hurt of fijber-men, o? and hindrance of the commonwealth, for that every wear near the 1	0	main featakelh in twelve bours,fometimes the quantity of five bufbel:y

fometimes ten, fometimes twenty or thirty bujbels of the brood of fea-

fifo i

?*?95-3	Anno	tertio Jacobi. c.i?.

;	did also tbtft which ufe draw-ruts, nets with canvas, or engines

in the midff of them, do eyetj day they fijb, dejiroy the brood of ah the farts effjb aftrefaid in great multitudes^ II. for reformation Whereof, be it enacted by the authority of this present parliament, That every person and persons that from and after the five ana twentieth day of July next enfuing this feflion of parliament, (haflereft or Tet up any new wear or wears along the fea-fhore, or in any haven, harbour or creek, or within five miles of the mouth of any haven or creek, or shall willingly take? deftroy or (poll any (pawn, fiy or brood of any fea-fifh, in any wear or other engine or device whatibever.



fhall forfeit for every time fo erecting, fetting up, taking-, destroying or fpoiling contrary to this an, the (urn of ten pounds 'of good and lawful money of England, the one half to the

King’s tnajefty, his heirs Or (Ucceflors, and the other half to

him that wiU fue for the fame t (a) and that everyperfon which Theforfatore

after the first day of Oflober next ejifuing this femon of pariia-

ment, in any haven, harbour, creek, or within five miles of the JJjt* and «T-

mouth of any haven, harbour or creek of the fea, shall fi(h with gfuct,

.any draw-net or drag-net under three inches meafh, viz: one	(

inch and an half from knot to knot, except for the taking of fmoulds in Norfolk only, or with any net with canvas, or other engine or device, whereby the fpawn, fiy or brood of fea-fifti may be deftroyetl, shall forfeit such net, and also forfeit for every time fo doing, ten shillings of lawful money of England, the one half to the ufe of the poor people of the city, town corporate, borough, market-town, pari(h or liberty, where the offence or offences shall be committed, and the other half to the perfon. that shall fije for the fame j (3) the (aid forfeitures to be levied to the ufes afprefaid, by the mayor, bailiff, or other head offi9er of every city, borough op town corporate: and by warrant of one or more justices of peace, it (nail be lawful for the cofiftabies and churchwardens of every market-town,- parifh or liberty within which any such offence or offences shall be done, by way of diftrefs and tale of the offender’s goods, rendring to them the furpjufagc, according to the order of former statutes In such cafes of forfeitures ordained*

HI. Provided always. That this act, or any thing- therein What fort of COqtained, shall not extend to punilh any person or persons for fifo may be ufing any net or nets of Jefler mea(h than is by this statute aps- t^en wlFV.*?e pointed, only for taking of herrings-, pilchards, fprats or iavia- ^ro 1*“ nian; any thing in this aft to the contrary in any wife notS-withftanding.

IV. Provided further. That this aft (hail not extend to the AnglcTey. ifle Sfid county of Anglefey '.	-*

*4

CAR

i&4	Anno	terdo Jacobs'. G.19^	£r$e$,

CAP- XHi: ■ ‘r^V'"'

An aft against unlawful	ft	eating'	Her	tff/f	.

. v	comes4	.. jj i-nA Vi

Certainoften-Yi|THEREASy?«r the making of the ftotutefeynsteea eenbb *** *°r wh’ch V V Eliaabethjo, tap. 21. there have been dwers groundsdnmfei^ £1? &**i°hath and ufedand kept for the prefepmtitu and maintaumie of diet am not provided ponies(a)	and whereas there is not by	the fdddatuto' of qtrimp

^imminent. EBzab, neither by any ether a& now in forty, any fiefieientnwardo provided againftfuch malefatiors and .(baft, bunt or kill any the deer or tomes within	grounds^fitheme

■the faidJiatuteff/'quinto Elizabethan	and kept,	uftd far

.the maintenance and prefervatton of the fail game as	at'any

former grounds	whith Save been fithenct the making	ihefadftuttetr

.in any part altered: (3) by reafon whereof many riots, mtnjknighrerTL mfthiefs, and other inconvenience have been daily commiaddamd done, and like to be committed pud done, if circumjpeft reaiedp be Hit hereunto provided:

The penalty II. Be it therefore enaCted by the King's moft excellent foa-4»r breaking	the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons,’-of

xtn^orfor {his preient parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the limiting pf fame, That if any person or persons, after the feaft of St. fanes deeror conie*. fhe appltle next enfuing, shall in the .night-time, or by day, ftatCar * wrongfully or unlawfully break or enter into any park impaled, Fartbtrprlvi- .or any other several grounds, ipclofed with wall, pale orhedge, Jed for by	j«nd ufed or kept for the keeping, breeding and cheri filing of

7 Jac. i.c.13. any deer or conies, and yyrongfnjly or unlawfully (hah hunrj r #•'	drive or chafe out, or ta^e, kill or l)ay any deer or conies within

any such impaled park, or clofed ground yvith pale,- wall or Other inclofureas aforelaid, against the wilU pjind qr pleaforp pf the owners, occupiers or pofteflioners of the fame, pot hari ing lawful title or authority fo to do, and thereof (half bp lawfully convicted at the fuit of pur fqvereign lord tfte Kingship heirs or fucceiTors, or the party grieved, shall <u%r ipnpriion-inent pf his or their bodies by the fpace of three months; (2) and also shall yield and pay to the party grieved his treble damages and coils, to be anefled and rated by the juftjees beforri whom he or they shall be convicted, after the said three month? expired■, ( 3) and shall find fufiicient fureties for lfts arid their *	good a bearing against the King, his heirs and fucceffors, and

all his liege people, for the fpace of (even years after, or eUf shall remain and continue ftili in prifori without bail or mainr pril Ipiuntil such time as he or they fo offending -(hall'find fuf-ficient fureties during the said time apd fpace of (even years;

What joitices III, And be it likewise enabled by the authority aforeiaid, may hear and That the justices of oyer and terminer, justices of arnze in their o^cet afore- c'rcl”ts> a°d justices of peace and gaol-delivery in their feftions, faid,	” fjiall by virtue hereof have power and authority to enquire, hear

r rinddetermine all and lingular;the said offences, by examination of the offenders, and to make and award procefs thereupon, as yrell upon indictments taken before them, as by bill of com-

•	plain	tj

Annaterrio Jacobi. c;t g.

plaint. Information or any other a&ion; in which (aid fok or a<ftion, ho efioin? wager of law or protetSion Chall be .allowed.

■ IV. And he it also enabled by the authority aforesaid,- That k (haft and may be lawful to the party grieved, to fue and ftfce his farther remedy agairift aH and every such offender and offenders, for his lofs and damages, and to recover the treUe value of the fame in that behalf, as weft before the justices of qvr<aed terminer, justices of aiSze in their circuits, and justices <*f the .peace and gaoUddiveiy in their feflions, or elfewhere in any other the King's majesty’s courts of record at /a) and that upon true fetisfedtion of the (aid treble damages to the. party grieved, or upon the confeflkm or acknowledgment thereof by the laid party offending, before the justices ip open (effions ho)den fpr the pounty wherein the lame offence shall be committed, it shall be at the liberty of the laid party grieved, to whom the said offence is committed, to refeafe at nis pleafure the furetiftup of the good behaviour, at any time within thefoid feven years or before; anything in this- pre-font aft before mentioned or declared to the contrary notwifh-ftanding.

V.	And be it also further  enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any perion or persons not having any manors, lands, feebments or hereditaments,' of the deaf yearly, value of forty pounds; or not worth-ip goods or chattels the fum of two hundred poopds, shall' ufe any gun, bow or crofs-bow, to kill any deer or conies, or shall keep-tay buckftalis or engine-bayes, gate-nets, purfc-nsts, ferrets or copey-^ogs, except such penqn or perfons- as shall have apy ground imparked with pale, or inclofed with wgl) or hedge as aforesaid, ufed for the keeping, breading or cberi(hing of any deer or conies, the increafn^ which mid conies fttaU amount to the clear yearly value of forty /hillings to beletten-at die lead, or keepers of warreners in their parks,-warrens or grounds belonging to their charge; That then auy-perfon having lands, tenements or hereditaments, of the dear -yearly value of one hundred pounds in fee-fimpJe, foe-tail or fpr life, in his own right, or in the right of his wife, may take from the petfon or ppffefiion offuch malefeftor or malefadors, and to his own ufe for ever keep, such guns, bows, crofs-boffs, buckftalis or engine-hays, gate-nets, purfe-nets; ferrets and pony-dogs.

Vlt And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any pejrfon or persons at any time hereafter (nail fortune to be bound before any the justices before mentioned, to the King, his heirs or fucceffors, tor his or their good shearing for .feven years, according tp the tenpr of this act, and the lame party or parties fo bound, shall afterward within the feid feven years come before the justices of the peace of the said county where the said offence was committed, or fome of them, in open quarter-feflions, and there in the said feflions confefs and Pfkqowfedge Ips or their feid offence or offences, and that he

of



The remedy of the party grieved.

In what cafe the fureti(hi» of the good behaviour may be releafed bythe par* ty gyieved.

The penalty for (hooting with gun or bow at deer or comes, or for keeping pf engine*

In what c*f« the justices may di (charge the fuitor of good abear-y ing.

i6$	AnnotcrtiQ JACOELC.14£1695.

■or they is or. are ferry, therefore, and fetisfy the J»rty#r parties grieved, according to the tenor of this a£t: .That then tpe fame justices before whom the said confeflion ihall be fo mad<^ shall •	- and may havejpower and authority by. virtue of this a&, lathe

fame open femoos, or in any gther feffions afterwards to' be holden before the laid justices in the (aid county, within the laid term of feven years, if it shall feem good to their difcretiona, to difeharge the laid recognizance and bond fe taken, and.life the said party and parties fo bound; this adl, or any thing therein contained, to the-contrary thereof notwithstanding.

A park or VII. Provided always. That this adt, or any tiling herein whSom'the contained, do not extend to any park or inefefed ground^. King** licence, hereafter to.be made and ufed for deer or conies, without the

Sot or licence of our (bvereign lord the King, his heirs or cdlbrs.	_

-Offences com- VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. Tint this nutted in thp a<5t, nor any thing therein contained, ihall extend to any of-* t	.fence or offences concerning the hunting, chafing, or killing of

jjac. 1. c.13. <fe*r or conies, which Ihall be done or committed in the day-' .time, but only to such offences as Ihall be hereafter done nr committed in the night-time only; any thing in this a& contained to the contrary thereof natwithnandine. 3 Car. jfe. 4. fen-tismed until tbt end rf tbefirji ftjjion of the farther continued by 16 Qur. 1.t, 4.

CAP. xiv.

An act for explanation of tbt fiatnte of fewers.

Water-cour- TTORASMUCH at tbe	ditches,	bants,	gutters,

fe, falling in- * gates, cawfcys, bridges, ftreams and	in and about

to the Thames the city of London, where	of	boats is having their

within two coserji and fallinto the river of Thames, where tt doth	ebb

don fhaUbe	ana flow,and is ufed for free pajfage of boats to the fea, are dtneady

fubjeft to the by tbe	commijfuri of	fewersappointed to he reformed amt

com million of amended where need JhaU require, and are as needful and meet to be ^"h*' furveyed, reformed and amended from noyance of tbe fend Hver if #3 H. s. c. j.. Thames, by the	commiffioners of as thofe rivers, fir earns and

water-courfes where me water doth sifmlly ebb or flow, (a) arid where more ufual paffbge of boats hath	, and yet are not Under tbe

furvey, correiTion and amendment of tbe commiffon	nor	if

theftatute made fir fewers in the three and twentieth of the reign of King Henry the. Eighth, or of any other Jfatute 'made fir fewers, as the fame should have	,	if the	, noyfames and fe--

t	conveniences	now	by	daily	experience feet and found in thofe plaits had

beenfern and conftdered of:

If. For reformation whereof, be it enacted by our lbvereign 'lord the King, and by the lords fpirttual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That die walls, ditches, banks, gutters, fewers, gates, cawfeys, bridges, ftreams and water-courfes, within die limits of two miles of and from frie city of

which

i&5-]	Aapo tertto jAfcoti. 0.15.'	187

Which -water* havfe thrirtourfe, and faH into the river of fhatntt, shall froth henceforth be to all intents, conftruCfions and pur-pefes, as foHy fubjeCt to the coonprOloti of fewers, and to all the statutes made for fewers, and to all penalties in the feme 6 H. 6. c. j. features phd in every of them contained, as if the feme -places** H-fi-c* *• dear to the feid city of London had been particularly named in	H‘ e* l'Q,

the feid feature of fewers, or that therein the water had ebbed 3 & 4‘ Ed. 6. and flowed, and therein free paflage with boats and barges to c. 8. the fea had been heretofore ufed; any thing in the feid featutes,1 Mar- 5* dr elfewbere, to the contrary in any. wife'notwithftanding.	c

CAP. XV.

An alt for the recovering offmall	dfor the

tog if poor debtors^ in London.

WHEREAS	by virtue*f divers alls of common council *40.

witbik the city of London, the lord mayor and aldermen of the fame city, for the relief of poor debtors dmtUing within the city, havt aicujhmtd mtnthly toajjtgn two aldermen and twelve dif-oroet commoners to be commffitners, andJit in the court of commonly called the court of	confeienee, in the Guildhall ef the fame

dty, there to hear and determine all matters of debt not amounting to the Jam	offorty/billingsto be brought before them: (a) and whereat

at the fiffonsof parliament holden at Welhninftet the nineteenth day ef March in the firjl year of the reign ef our fovereign lord tht Kings mqjefty that now is, for the further relief offucb poor debtors,, »KI T| t. and more forfeit ejlablijbing of the laid court, there was made and provided an alt, intituled. An aCt for the recovery of fmall debts, and relieving of poor debtors in London: (3) whereas finct the making of the said alt, divers persons intending to Jubvert the good and charitable intent if the fame, and taking bold of feme doubtful and	ambiguous words therein, do wreft the fame for their own

lucre and gam, to the avoiding	thejurifdtHionof the fold ,contrary to tbo godly	meaning of the said alt:

II.	For the remedy whereof, and to the intent that feme a mean,for * more foil and ample provifiot) may be made for the relief of citizen of such poor debtors, (2) be it enaCted by the authority of this ™„°"ftore' present parliament. That every citizen and freeman of the city ”her there*, of London, and every other person and persons inhabiting or fmall debt, that shall inhabit within the feid city or the liberties thereof, > Salk- 4»*-being a tradefman, victualler or a labouring man, which now Cro*Car* have or hereafter shall have any'debt or debts owing unto him or them, not amounting to forty (hillings, by any citizen, or by any other person or persons being a victualler, tradefman or labouring man, inhabiting or that mail inhabit within the feid city or the liberties thereof, shall or may caufe such debtor or debtors to be warned or futnmoned by the beadle or officer of the feid court of requefts for the time being, by writing to be left at the dwelling-hpufe of such debtor or -debtors, or by any other reafonable warning or notice to .be givep to the feid debtor or debtors, to appear before the commifeioners of the said court of requefts holden in the Guildiall of the feid city:

(3) and

1.3$.	Anno	teiifa Jacobi, c. 15,'	[^605-

(3) and that the laid commiflioners, .or any thjpe, of ftera or more, (ball have power and authority by virtue bf fijisad,. from time tp rime, to let down such order or orders between such party or parries plaintiff, and his or their such debtor or debtors defendants, touching such debts not amounting to the value of forty (hillings, in queftion before them, as fhfcy shall find to (land with equity and good confcience t (4) aU fuch, their order or orders to be regiftred in a book;, as they have been aceufiomed, and as well the party plaintiff, as the1 debtor or defendant, to obferve, perform and keep the (aqjeJn all, ‘ points.

Tlwcom* HI. And-that for the more due proceeding herein, it shall

mayminffter he lawful for the fame commiflioners, or any three or more of

an oath to the them, to minifter an oath to the plaintiff or defendant, and alfo

plaintiff, de- to such witnefles as shall be produced on each party, if the fame

Zendant or commiflioners, or any three of them or more, (hail fo think it witneis.

meet*

A creditor fu- IV. And be it further  enacted by the authority aforefpd, ingm another That if in any ajdipn of debt, or action upon the cafe upon. Jofts, and re- 4SfumPfn f°r the recovery of any debt, to be fued or profedtttQd poycr none, againflany the person or persons aforesaid, in any of the.King’t courts at WtJlminJUr> or elfewhere, out of the said court of re-. quells, it shall appear to the judge or .judges of the court where luch action shall be feed or prolecuted, that the debt to be re-coverid by the plaintiff ip such aftion doth not amount to' the fjum of fprty (hidings, and the defendant in fuqh adtion shall duly proye, either by fufficiept tedimony, or by his oym oath, to be allowed by any the judge or iudges of the laid court where such adtjon shall depend, that at tnc time of the commencing of such adtion such defendant was inhabiting and reliant in the city of London, or the liberties thereof, as above, that in such caie the said judge or judges shall not allow to the said plaintiff any cods of fuit, but shall award that the fame plaintiff shall pay fo much ordinary cods to the party defendant, as such defendant shall judly prove before the (aid judge or judges, ijt hath truly cod him ip defence of the said fuit.

V.	And he it further enacted. That if any such plaintiff or creditor, defendant or debtor, after warning given to him or tv uyC iUfc them, in mapper ?nd form before in this adl mentioned, by the ordeThiadeby said officer of the said court of requeds, shall, without fome jud She commiili- or reafonable caufe of excufe, refufe to appear in the said court pnerf. before the said commiflioners, or shall not perform such order t as the said commiflioners, or any three or more of them* shall fet down for or concerning such debts, as aforefgid, that then it shall be lawful for the officer of the said court, or any other pf the ferjearns at mace of the. said city, by order of the said commiflioners, or any three pr more or therm to commit such party or parties tp prifon, into one of the counters of the said city, there to remain until he or they shall peiform the order of fhe said cpmmiffiopcrs in that behalf.

The penalty for reftifing appear, or %o obey the

' VI. Pro

i(5o5-T	Anrro tfirtio JacoBI. C.i6.	189

VI.	Pfovided always, Thatthis act, or any thiAg therein Debt* for contaihed, lhall not extend to any debt for any rent upon any leafe of lands or tenements, or any other real contracts, nor to teftament^r any other debt that shall arise by raafon of any caufe concern- matrimony, ing a teftament or matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the eccleuaftical court, albeit the fame shall be under.forty (hillings; any thing before contained to the coritrafy in any Wife notwithstanding.

• VU. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the A repeal of said aft made in the first year of the King’s majesty's reign, the ttatuteof be from the end of this fenion of parliament, for and concern- ■*ac‘ *•Cl *♦* ing any order to be made in the said court of requcfts after the end of this feflion of parliament, utterly repealed.

CAP. XVI.

An	aBfar	tbe repeal of one aB made in tie fourteenth

■ year of Queen Elizabeths reign, concerning tie length

kerfies.

WHEREAS in the parliament bolden at Weftminfter in	H-JEli*- c.i«.

fourteenth year of the reign of our late fovereign lady Queen ^fht Qg Elizabeth, one aft, intituled, An aft to reform tbe exceuive ordinary and* length of kerfies, was made, intending thereby to have refrained forting-ker-thim to the length of eighteen yards, or under; (2) immediately (**• the making	of which aft, by rtafon of the faid	, it hatb fitbentt

fallen out, many clothing	toUms, at well within tbe eounty of South-

ampton as in divers other counties within this realm of England^ who were then in trade with	merchantfhrangers and'others

the trade of tranfporting of kerfies by way of merchandize beyond the feas, grew fuddenly out of trade and in great	, for that the faid

merchants would no longer buy of the clothiers any of their said kerfies Several in-wantitsg their old aecuftomed meafureof four and twenty yards or there- con veniencie* abouts, they tbe	faid merchants being by the likecufiom andufage in	uP?n

trade with' other merchants for tbe	fend-kerfies of tbe said meafure and c.^o.prot

length, to tbe great impoundment and ruin of divers antiOAt	, ^ded the'

and ofthoufahds of poor people whowere wont by them to befet on work length of ker-and maintained, and to the great loft of our said fomreign lady Queen <»«*•

Elizabeth, and of the Kings majesty that now is, in their dndfubfidies; which in and by the fold former venting arid trading of the fmikerfits, did and would continually accrue and grow due for the fame:	,

n.	3d It therefore enacted by the authority of this prefont A repeal of the parliament, That the said aft of the‘fourteenth year of the ftatuteofr+El. reign of our (aid late fovereign lady Queen £Hisabeth, intituled, c*,0*	.

Are attto reform the	ixcejfhre length of kebe frortl henceforth

clearly and abfolutely repealed,

III.'Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority of The length this present parliament, That kerfies called ordinary kerfies, and weight of shall not exceed the length of four and twenty yards to be j*™u,**7 k,r* meafured by the yard and inch; (2) and that every ordinary kerfie of the-length of four and twenty yards aforelaid, being well (cowed, thicked, milled, drefled, tqd faiff (fried, shall ' it	weigh

ipo	Anno ttttfo JaCo#I. c. I %.

Sorting ker- weigh’eight'and twenty pounds sad One halffxfuftd at the Jmft : £**-	(3) and that kerfies called■ Sorting-kerfies, (font** exceed die

length afordhid, and that every fortiag-kenfie flf the length of four and twenty fitch yards as afortiaid, befog well ftouredy thkked, milted, drefled, and folly dried, (b»U Weigh thirty-two pounds and oh* half pound at the Jedft;. (4) and that-every ker-Ae of a (hotter length than four and twenty foch yards as afore-'	. faid, shall weigh proportionably to-the aforefcid weight, 'that is

to fty, eveiy ordinary kerfie after the rate of one-pound and three ounces weight for every yard that the feme shall contain in -length, -and eveiy forting-kerfie after the ntt of- one pound three ounces and aa half ounce in weight, far every yard that the fame shall contain in length.

IV.	And if it happen that any kerfie dr kerfies hereafter to be made, shall either exdeed the said length of four and twenty such yards, as afdrefaid, of (hail not Weigh according to the re-(peftive rates and proportions • afortfaid, then every person or persons that shall make, or caufe the fame to be made for tale, (had forfeit and lofe for eveiy yard of such .kevfies, exceeding the length of four and twenty such said yards, the- fum of the forfeiture five shillings only, and no more: (a) and for every pounrf-*Qli	weight that (hcdl be wanting according to the proportions be-

wanting'i’n^ ^ reipcCbvely limited, shall forfeit two (hidings far eveiy weight? -pound, and'no more; any former lews or statutes limiting or appointing any other orgreaticr penalty or forfeiture-tp the con-.trary thereof in any wife notwithstanding;.^) the one moiety of the said fume, penalties and forfeitures to he to the King’s majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety to him or them that will (ue for the fame in any of his Majcfty’s courts > ofrecord at Wejlminjler, by bill, plaint or information, wherein '	no eflbin, protection or wager of law shall he allowed or ad-

mitted.

The enftom	fotther, and be it'eroded by the authority

•ndfobfidy nfortfaH, That every person and persons fishing or trading in for a piece of any such kerfie or kerfies, shall pay unto the King’s majesty for kerfie. every piece of kerfie containing four and twdnty yards, as much in custom and fubfidy, rattsaUy, as such person or persons fttould and ought to pay unto has Majesty for ooe piece and a third put «f a piece containing eighteen yards. 5	6	Ed. 6.

e, 6.

-tAf. xvii;; ’ ,

dit a£l concerning Wclfli cottons.

» Jac. 1. c. »5.-1(X7'H£R£AS in a	Jhfutemode at tie firji petfliemnt

W	holden atWeftminfterrw	the	year o

omongfi tfber things it was	and fiat nt person or

perfins fxmld	intur any f>malty for want of breadth or weight

ofWehh rottser,	wider the	price	tf	the	ya

findings the goad, fiat they net nixed-with hair cr bther deceitful fittfi, nor fir any other ahavetiat	they	he	as afore*

finely or fiai(/brink abyvehaif . in twelve yards at length, or

w	weigh

x&>£.j	Anribtertto/acoBI. c.\i.	191

weigh left Atm	JotfrteeH ounces the yard,and bold not fkttthretfttar-

ters of a yard brood, os by theJbmtftatute appeareth j (a) Which protnja in the lonftruhion of	divers.petfonsdoth not prcfetvoT

matt or /MeoarfeYJt\(h cottons, Jhm the penalty and danger of not	’

adding or affixing a foal to contain the	lengbreadth or weight of . ,

the	faid cottons, which affixioh of-a feal needlefs When there is me '

length, breadth or weight prefmbodfor them s (3) that in ad antecedent ages the fold cottons being commonly for linings, were never feized as forfeitedfor want of thefern of the atakert put unto thtm, nor ufcito be fearched or tried by water, but only by fhebuyer:(4) be it therefore ehaAed by our fotettign lord th*

King* and by the lords fpiritual ahd temporal, aftdooUmori*; f° PCI,*ltTf.

irithty present parliament sfihnMed, and by the authority ©f

the fame. That from henceforth no person or per Coos (bait in- cotton*.

cur any- penalty for want of any content Teal to contain the

breadth,- length or weight of any fVetfh cottons t (5) and that Welfe cotton*

no JVeUb cottons (hafl at any rime or times hereafter be fearched J13** "°'b*

or tried in the water by any person or persons, other than- by	**

the buyer thereof} (ft) upOn pain to forfeit for every- fuchOP

fence by the party who shall make any filch feareh or trial con- .** '	•

trarrto the-intent ‘of this ftatute, five pounds of lawfhl money

of England’,the one moiety thereof to the King's majesty, hit

heirs and fuecefibrs; the-other moiety to the patty grieved {

to be recovered by aftion of debt, bill, plaint or information, - -

wherein no eflbin, protection or wager of law shall be allowed-.

CAP. XVIII.

A* all fat the bringing in of a frejh	if mating water

to the north part of tb( city of London.

FOR that it is found very convenient and neceffary to have a frejh ftream of running water to be brought to the north parts of the city	oflsxidan, from the fpringi tffChadwel and Amwel, and other

fprings in the county ^Hertford not far dsftantfrom thefame, which upon view is found very feaftble, ana like to be prof table to many It is therefore enaCted by the King’s molt excellent majesty, and .	>

by the lords fpirituai and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the lame,

That it shall be lawful to the lord mayor, commonalty and citizens of the city of London,and their fucceffors, at any time	1

or times hereafter, to begin and continue the laying out of fueh A new trench convenient limits qfground for the -making of the trench for mar be m3<le the said river at the breadth of ten foot and not above, as to ^ater from them and their deputies and Workmen, with the allowance of chadwell and the conjmHBoners hereafter mentioned, or any feven of them, Amwel to shall be feen convenient and meet for the feme ; (2) and in that London, place that thty fhaffl find to be mbft apt and meet for that pur- 4 ^ac’ *•Cl **• pofc, to have and tyke for the purpose abovesaid, the ufc and liberty of filch and fo much ground, as shall contain ten foot in breadth and net above, during and by aH the length as the said new channel,- cut or river*- shall pals, for the conveying of * ■*	the

tjt

The mayor, &c. of London may make and maintain the fccw cut.

ftatfcfa&iort iball be made to the owners of the ground where the new cut it made.

Sixteen cora-miflioners /hall be appointed, and wbat their authority shall be.

Anno ttrtio JacoHi. c.ifc '

the bid water from the laid Iprings to dm city rf towfar, leaving the inheritance of the new cut in the owncrsChcreof r

II.	And that the (aid mayor, commonalty and citizens of London, and their fucceflbrs for ever, for the confideration hereafter expreffed, shall have liberty to dig die fiune ground to bo imployed for the said river or new cut, not exceeding ten foot in breadth alongft all the (aid whole length cf the said river or new cut, and from time to time, for ever to maintain and pre-fcrve the fame, and to lay the earth there digged or to be digged on either fide of the fame river or new cut, in such place? aa shall be thought meet for that purpose ; (2) and to have free paffage to and from the said new cut or river, with then, horfes, carts and carriages at all times convenient, and in places con* venient, for making of the fiune new cut or trench, and for the preferving of the fame, and of the banks thereof from time to time for ever, to the intent that no part of the said dream be at Xny time after the making of the new cut, without the confent of the mayor, commonalty and citizens of London, turned or Conveyed out of the fiune new cut or watorcourfe.

III.	In confideration whereof the mayor, commonalty and citizens of London, and their fuccefibrs, shall make such fatisfac-tion orcompofition to and with the lords, owners and occupiers of the fame grounds through which the new cut or river shall be made, and with all such person and persons as shall fuftain any damage, lofs or hindrance in their mills (landing upon any of the rivers or dreams from which the water shall be taken through the said new cut or river, as shall be to the contentment of the lords, owners and occupiers of the (aid grounds and mills; (2) and in default of their agreement by mutual aflent, such fatisfaltion or recompence as shall be Hoiited and appointed by the commiflioners to be afiigned for that purpose, according to the intent of this datute, by the lord chancellor, or lord keeper of the great feal of England for the time being, by commiflion under the great feal of England, or by any nine of them, whereof four of them to be citizens of the city of London.

IV.	And for the better effedting of the premifies, and for the due rating of the value of the things to be compounded.for by the true intent of this datute, (if the parties shall not agree) be it enacted by the authority of this present parliament. That at the requed and charges or the mayor, commonalty and citizens of London commiffion or commiffions under the great ieal of England, shall be granted to such persons as tire lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great feal of England for the time being, shall nominate and appoint, whereof four shall be of the county of Mtddkfex, four of the county of Effexf and four of the county of Hertford, and four of the city of London* and every of them having lands and tenements of toe dear yearly value of forty pounds at the lead: (2) which hxteen or any nine of them, whereof two to be of the city of London, (hat] have power to order and fct down what rate, or rates, fum or fums of money shall be paid by the mayor, cotpmonalty and citizens of Lon-

don*.

i&f.J	Anno:tectia Jacobi. c.i8.	tgj

dmt* totfc&fctdt, own— and ocuupiers of the grounds apd foil, and mills, for which compaction is to bs made by the intent of tb».j&y .if the parties cannot of themfelves agree, and in-what fw"*1 the fame ihall be paid) (3) and that for the re* . covary of inch money m fhall-be fo ordered and fet down by. • the ibid to—iffionert, or any nine of them, whereof two to be of-thecky of London, the party or parties 10 whoa the fame money fhafl bejdne to be paid by the true intent of the said orr dec, shall cc may recover the fame against the said mayor aid cornea—alty of Load**, by aftion of debt in any of his Majesty’s courts at fVtftmutflery wbemin no cflein, protection or wager of law fhaU be allowed. .	.

V.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That if in the new Th.e breaciie* cot there happen any -breaches, inundations or hurts, the tkmsln the mayor, commonalty and citizens of Lo, shall from time to new cut shall time’ flop the breaches at their own charges, and fufhciently be topped by maintain them from time to time, and make fufficient recom-

pence to*he party grieved for the damage fuftained by the franc breaches riling by their default, to be recovered by aftion of the cafe grounded upon this ftatute,

VI.	And be it further enabled by the. authority aforesaid, Bridges and That the m^yor, commonalty, and citizens of London, and F*”P**** their fuccefibrs for ever, ihall make and maintain at their coils

and charges from time to times convenient bridges and ways for the paffege of the King’s fubjeds, and their cattle and carnages, over or thfotigh the laid new cut or river, in places meet and convenient. -

VII.	And further be it ena&ed, That until or before a full Nothing Hiatt agreement wfeh the lords, owners and occupiers of the pre- be done until mific8 be had, or'that such order and means be devifed and ** agreed upon by the commiffioners, by the lard chancellor or l^h, lord keeper of the great feal of England to be nominated and appointed, «r the more part of them, as shall feem meet for

the due effecting of the premifies, and the said commi/Hon re* turned into the high court of chancery,' if shall not be lawful to the (aid lord mayor, commonalty and citizens, to put the said digging, trenching or new. cutting of the said new river from the feia fprings m execution', nor to cut or take in any ground for paflage of water from the laid fprings or any of them, by . force of this statute j any thing in this a<2 to the contrary not-*

’wirhftandiftg.

VIII- And be h further enaded by the authority aforesaid, The new cut That after such time as there ihaH be a new cut, ftream or brought to river hrobght from the fprings aforesaid, or any of them, to the	ft*1*

city of London), that for the better maintenance and prefmation of the said fiver or new cot, and of all the water therein run* fewer*, ning, to be brought to the city of	London, the fame shall be fub-

jed to the commiffion of fewers, and to the laws and statutes madfc for fewers, as fully to all intents and purposes, as the fame river or new cut had been exprefly mentioned in the said fta- > . tutes of fewers to beunder the forvey of th« said commiffioners. ,

' Vex.. VII.	■	O	IX.	Pro-

*94	AAik)	tcitio	Jacom.	€.19^23.	Xttidg.

The deanfing. IX. Provided neverthelcfs, and be it ena&ed,* That all fuck tion oftheVa" t^nSs as ** done at anY t™c hereafter, for the fcowring, new river fliall cleanfing, amending and confcrvation of the (aid new river or be at the cofts cut, shall be at the only coft and charges of the mayor, citizens of the mayor, and commonalty of the city of London : (2) and that all fines &c*	and	amerciaments	^hich	(hall be impofed by virtue of the faid

commiflion of fewers, for any wilful annoyances and offences which shall be at any time hereafter committed to the hurt or prejudice of the said new river or cut, or any thing thereunto appertaining, shall be to the only ufe, benefit and behoof of the said mayor, commonalty and citizens of London, and of their fuccelTors for ever. Altered by 4 Jac. 1. c. 12.

CAP. XIX.

Who shall be charged with the repairing and maintaining of the highway leading from Kingftone.to Nonfiich. EXP. Star ax Jac. 1. c. *9.

* CAP. XX.

How paiTage may be made by water from London to Oxford. REP. 11 Jac. z. c. 31.

CAP. XXI.

An ail to refir ain the abufes of players.

The penalty of TT'OR the preventing and avoiding of the great abufe of the players on the JF holy name of Goa in ft age-plays, enterludes, may-games, phanelyC'abuf- (hews, and such like; (2) be it enacted by our fovereign' lord mg the name" the King’s majesty, and by the lords fpiritual and temporal, and •TGod. the commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That if at any time or times after the end of this prefent feflion of parliament, any person or per-fons door shall in any ftage-play, enterlude, (hew, may-game or pageant, jeftingly or profanely fpeak or ufe the holy name of God, or of Chrift Jefus, or of the Holy Ghoft, or of the Trinity, which are not to be fpoken but with fear^and reverence, shall forfeit for every such offence by him or them committed ten pounds: (3) the one moiety thereof to the King’s majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, the other moiety thereof to him or them that will fue for the fame in any court of record at We(l-minfier, wherein no effoin, protection or wager of law shall be allowed.

CAP. XXII.

An a£l for the paving of Drury-lane, and the town of St. Giles's in tlie fields, in the county of Middlefex. EXP.

CAP. XXIII.

tr « r An a£t for the new making up and keeping in reparation of Chepftow-

M	bridge.	The	effeCt	of the itat. of 18 El. c. 18. touching repair of

Chepftow-bridge. A repeal of the flat, of 18 El. c. 18. made touching Chepftow-bridge. What counties shall (land charged for'the making and repairing of Chepftow-bridge. The j iftices shall tax the inhabitants of the counties of Gloucester and Monmouth- Collegers (hail be appointed in every hundred of both the counties. .Surveyor* shall be appointed, and their authority. The collectors and furveyors shall make account to the juftices. The juftkes may permit alking of benevolence towards the building of the bridge.

'	1 CAP. XXTV.

The bridgc'bver the river Severn, near adjoining to the town of Upton upon Severn in the county of Worcefter, (Kail be wholly made, builded and finiOied vrithih the fpace of three years after the end of this feflion of parliament, by the inhabitants of the county of Woreefter, &c. EXF.

CAP. XXV;

A confirmation of four fubiidies of four shillings in the pound, granted to the King by the clergy. EXP.

• CAP. XXVI.

Three intire fubiidies and fix fifteens granted to the King by the teippo*

CAP. XXVII.

A confirmation of the King's general and fret pardon, except, &c.

Anno Regni Jacobi Regis AngliaFrancia &	Hibernia, viz.	Anglia, Francia S? Hibernict

quarto. Of Scotia	quaoragefimo.

i

AT the parliament begun and Bolden at Weftrtrinfter, by prorogation the eighteenth day of November in the fourth year of the reign of our mofi gracious fovereign lord James, by the Grace of God, of England, France and Ire* land. King, defender of the faith, &c. and of Scotland the fortieth: and there continued until the fourth day July, one thoufandfix hundred and /evert ', and then prorogued until the fixteentb day of November next following •, to the high pleafure of Almighty God, and to the weal publick of this realm, were enabled as followetb.

CAP. I.

An abt for the utter abolition of all memory of boftility, and • the dependance thereof, between England and Scotland, and for the reprejjtng of occafions of dijbrders in time to come. ■

FOR the honour, weal and good of thefe two mighty, fa- A repeal of mous and ancient kingdoms of England and Scotland, and for the furtherance and advancement of the happy union already * between'1 begun in his Majesty’s royal perfon; (2) be it enabled by the England and King’s mod excellent majefly, with the aflent of the lords fpi- Scotland, ritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prelent par- 4- H. 5. c. 7. liament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That . one adt made in the fourth year of the reign of King Henry m the Fifth, whereby it is enacted v That letters of mart or .reprisal be granted against the people of Scotland, in cafe where the

Q 2	fubjetfts

«9$	Anno	quarto jACotx. C. i„	f	iKotf.

fubpfls of England have been fpoiled, and have complained, and not received redrefs, shall for fo much thereof fo fo con-cerneth the people of Scotland, be utterly repealed and made

void,

U.	And alio that one provilo contained in an adt made in the three and thirtieth year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, by which provifo the King’s roajeftj’s foWe&‘ ihhateting whh-in twelve miles of the borders of Scotland^ are allowed and permitted to ufe crofs-bows, hand-guns, hatkbuts or demihakes, or to ufc and keep in his or their boufes or elfewhere any such crofs-bows, hand-guns, hackbuts and demihakes, for fo much of the said provifo as fo concerneth such as shall inhabit within twelve miles of the said late borders, shall be utterly repealed and made void.

III.	And be it further cna&ed by the authority aforefitid. That thefe other statutes hereafter following, That is to (ay, one a<5t made in the feventh year of the reign of King Richard the Second, whereby it is enacted. That no armour, visual or other refrelhment be carried into Scotland, upon pain of feizure or forfeiture:

IV.	And one other vSt made in the one and thirtieth year of the reign of King Henry the Sixth, whereby it is enacted. That MarchAxw he not ufed out of the circuit of the counties of Northumberland, Cumberland and tVeflmorland% or the town of Newcajlle :

V.	And one other statute made in the feventh year of the reign of King Henry the Seventh, whereby it is enacted. That Sattijbmen (hould avoid out of the realm of England within a time prefixed:

. VI. And one other statute made in the twenty-tbini year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth * and a like statute made in the first year of the reign of the late Queen Elizabeth j whereby the conveying of horfes out of England into Scotland is made felony:	.

VII.	And one other statute made in the fecond and third years of the reign of King Philip and Queen Mary :

VIII.	And the like statute made m the twenty-thin! year of v tk* reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, whereby it is ena&ed,

A repeal of the That no lands or tenements be let to Scottijhmen upon the bor-formernine ders: (2) Shall be utterly abrogated, repealed and made void: statutes. (2) And if there had appearedTany other-Astute of this' realm of England, wherein any thing is ordained, enabled or efta$E(h-ed, exprefly and by name against Scottijhrnen as enemies, or Scotland as an enemy-country to the Kings of this realm or the ftate of the fame, we (hould for fo much of them as Kid fo concerned Scottijhmen or Scotland, have utterly abrogated and annulled the fame ; feeing all enmity and hoftility of former times between the two kingdoms ana people is now happily taken away, and under the government of his Majesty, as under one parent and head, turned into fraternity 6r brotherly (iriendlhip.

IX.	Provided

Croft-bows, hand-guns. 33 H. c. 6.

Armour,

Vi&ual.

7 R. a. c. if.

March law. 3s H. 6. c. 3.

Scotri/hmen. 7H. 7. €^7.

<3 H. 8. c. >6. Horfes. a Elia. c. 7.

Lands let to ScottiOimen. »*3Ph.& M. c. s.

»3 Eliz. c. 4.

x6o6.]	Anno	quarto	JAcom.	c.	r.	tfj

. IX. PrOVkdfcd seVerthclds, and be it enacted by the autho- This repeal rity of this present parliament, That none of the articles, $£’kt*k*-,no branches or claUfes abbvefaid, in this aft before contained and otjj£ States exprefled, shall take effect or be in force, or in any wife be made in Scot* deemed and expounded to take effect or to be in force, to any land be repeal* intent, conftrudion or purpose, until thefe ads of parliament'd- . .	.

of the realm of Scotland hereafter following ; that is to fay, one Engla^with-ad made in the time of James the Firft, King of Jutland, by out the King* which St was enaded, That all persons remaining in England licence. Without the King's licence, did commit treason :

X.	One other ad made in the time of the said King Jama

the Firft, whereby any aflurance with	for	taking

protection from them for lands or goods, is treason:

XI.	One other ad in the fame King’s time, inhibiting aH buying and felling of Englijb goods forbidden, under pain of efeneat:

XII.	One other ad made in the time of Janus the Second,

King of Scotland, That none Should pafs into England in time of war, without licence, under pain of treason:

XIII.	One other ad made in the reign of the said King Janus the Second, containing, That no Englijbman come into 'Scotland without condud, and that no Scottijbman fit under aflurance with them:

XIV.	One other ad of the fame King’s time, Tha$ no Scot-■tifinnan Supply Berwick and Roxburgh, under pun of treason:

XV.	One other ad made in the time of the said King Jams the Second, That all men be ready for defence of the realm against England:

XVI.	Two ads made in the time of James the Third, King of Scotland, for refitting King Edward the Fourth:

XVII.	One other ad made in the time of the laid King James the Third, concerning the upholding of Berwick, and garrifons upon the borders:

XVIII.	One ad made in the reign of Mary late Queen of

Scotland, by which it was enaded. That	are	charged

to leave afturances with Englijbmin:

XIX.	. One other ad made in the time of the laid Queen

Alary, concerning allured	Scettijbmenattifting the army:

XX.	One ad made in the parliament of Scotland in the time of the moft happy reign of ourmott gracious fovereign lord the King that now is, containing. That the Scottijb borderers are dif-charged to marry Englijb borderers daughters:

XXI.	And laftly, one other ad matte in the time of our /aid Thepartia. fovereign lord the King, injojning the warden to put in a bill the ^le"t ^cot-names of all Englijbmen that occupy lands in Scotland, and feek

red refs according to the treaties; (2) shall by ad of parliament hoftiie laws.

of the said realm of Scotland, be utterly repealed, fruft/ate and

made void; (3) and until also the said parliament of the realm

of Scotland shall by their said ad, make as full and ampledecla-

ration concerning their clear intention and defire of repeal of all

other hoftile laws of their part, not before mentioned, if they	’

Q 3	were

i98	Anno quarto* Jacobi, c. 2.

wefe inown, as on the part of this realm of Engtimi^fafo been in this prefent a<ft made and expreffcd.

A repeal of the XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority ‘aforefafd, gat. of sR. %. That one a& made in the fifth year of King Richard the Second, touting the roncerning the reftraint of parage of his Majesty** fubjedta'out reftrakit of of this realm, and every ordinance, provifion, article or claufe paflage over therein contained, shall be from henceforth utterly repealed, &c.

the fta«	None	(hall	be troubled for any wrong done before the death of Queen

Elizabeth by the laws of the borders. Trials of felonies committed by Englifhmen in Scotland to be in the northern counties. Whneft allowed to the party arraigned upon oath. The profecutor and witnefles (ball bo bound to give evidence. The acceflary mall be tried, though the prin7 cipal be not convi&ed or attainted. What an Englifhman committing a felony in Scotland shall forfeit, and what not. A like a St shall be made in Scotland. The offence shall be alledged in the indictment where it is done. No Engli(hman shall be fent out of England to receive his trial ii} Scotland. The jurors may allow or rejeft the witnefles. Trial of a peer

by his peers.--Altered by 7 Jac. v. c. 1. revivedand enforced ty 13 tc ii

Car. 2. c. 22. emdabrog. by 5 An. c. 8.

CAP. II.

^	An	aft	for	the	true	making	of	woolen cloth.

length, T? O R the avoiding of many inconveniences happening to his High-breadth and X1 nefs fubjefts epcercifmg the myftery and trade of making and weight several working of woolen clothes of divers names and natures^ and that the madebd?vers	*f fuc^ cbthes may have true and juft commerce without fraud

counties of” or deceit, It pleafeth his moft excellent Majesty, with the cbn^ this realm shall fent of the lprdsfpiritual and temporal, and the* commons, in £*• .	this prefent .parliament affembJed, that it be enalfcd, (2) and

fiock”or ^tbe aut^ority of the fame it is ena&ed, That from and after lambs-wool in foUrfc°re days next after the end of this fefiion of parliament, rloth. ^every long broad-cloth and .cloths which shall be made of died wools ana mingled colours, within any of the (hires of Kent, j	Tori, or at the town of Reading, or elfewhere of lijce making

lhall contain in length at the water, every piece being throughly wet, between thirty and four and thirty yards, every yard, yard x, and inch of the ftandard and no more, and in breadth fix quarters and a half of a yard at the leaft within the lifts, by the whole length of the lame cloth : (3) And that every piece of the fame cloth being well fcoured, thicked, milled, and fully The length	(hall be in weight eighty-fix pounds at the leaft.

breadth and	And	that	every	white	cloth	which shall be made within

weight of the cities of IVortefter, Coventry and Hereford, commonly called long-worcef- Long-woreefters, or elfewhere of like making, shall contain in t€I&6Ed 6 fength* being yret, between thirty and thirty-three such said c: 6.	*	yards and inches as is aforesaid, and shall be in breadth feveft

4. &*sPh. &M. quarters throughout all the whole cloth, and being clean fcowr-p. 5*	ed, thicked, milled, and fully dried, shall weigh feventy-eight pounds at the leaft.

Flunked, III. And that all and every long coloured clothes, comnton-azures, blues jy called plunkets, azures and blues, and long white clothes, amd long white	(hall be made many of the (hires of Suffolk, Norfolk and

”	*	EJfcx^ or pjfewfyere of like making? shall contain in length, he-f

r6o6.J	Anno	quarto Jacobi, c. ii	A9P

ing wet, between twenty-nine and thirty-two such said yards and inches, as is aforesaid, and shall be in breadth fix quarters and one half quarter within the lids at the lead, and being well » fcoured, ducked, milled, and fully dried, shall weigh eighty pounds at the lead: (a) And that all and every fhort clothes The length, coloured, and fhort white cloths, commonly called forcing- k^dth aind cloths, which (hah be made in any of the fhires lad before*- ing^0th«.° .mentioned, or elfewhere of like fort and making, shall contain, 5 & 6 Ed. 6. being wet, in length, between twenty-three and twenty-fix such c. 6.

/aid yards and inches, as is aforesaid, and in breadth through? 4 & 5 Ph. & put the whole piece, fix quarters within the lids at the lead,5* and being well fcoured, thicked, milled, and fully dried, shall weigh fixty-four pounds the cloth at the lead.

IV.	And that all and every fhort cloths coloured, and fhoit The length, white clotbs, commonly called fine fhort Suffolks, which shall breadth and be made in the fhires lan before-mentioned, or elfcwhere of like ^on SiSolkl making, shall contain, being wet, in length, between three

and twenty and fix and twenty such said yards and inches, as is aforesaid, and in breadth throughout the whole piece,. fix quarters and an half within the lids at the lead, and being well fcoured, thicked, milled, and fully dried, shall weigh fixty-four pounds the cloth at the lead: (2) And .that every such forting fhort cloth shall be differenced from the said fine clotbs lad before-mentiooed by a blue felvedge or edging on both lids-:

(3) And that every white cloth which shall be made within the The length, tame mentioned fhires, or elfcwhere of like making, commonly breadth and called haadiwarps, shall contain in length between twenty-nine and thirty-two such said yards and inches, as is aforefaia, and	°

in breadth (even quarters, and being well fcoured, thicked, milled, and fully dried, shall weigh feventy-fix pounds at the lead : (4) And that all broad plunkets, azures, blues, and othet Coloured coloured cldth which shall be made within the fhires of Wilt-	*

Jhirt and SomerfetJbirey or elfcwhere of like making, shall con- ^^rtlhie. tain, being thoroughly wet, between twentp-fix and twenty-. eight such yards and inches, as is aforesaid, and in breadth fix quarters and an half within the lids, and being well fcoured, thicked, milled, and fully dried, shall weigh fixty-eight pounds the cloth at the lead: (5) And that every cloth commonly SIk«*cloth called fhort cloths, which shall be .made of died wools, and^^^y^^ tningled colours, within the county of Yorky or elfewhene (hire, of like making, shall contain in length, being thoroughly wet, between twenty-three and twenty-five such yards and inches, as is aforesaid, and in breadth fix quarters and an half between the lids, and being clean fcoured, thicked, milled, and fully dried, shall weigh fixty-fix pounds the doth at the lead; (6) A»a^'P^cc and every half-piece thereof, commonly called dozens, to be caUcd dozcns* made and wrought after the fame rate in every refped.

V,	And that all broad-lided whites and reds which shall be The length, made in any of the counties of Wihjbire, GlouceJlerJhire% Oxford- breadth and Jbirey aqd the eaftem limits of SomerfetJbirey or elfewhere of broad^lhLd Jijce making, cfemmonly called foning-pack broad-lided cloths, whites and

O 4	fhall	reds.

Z0&

Tbc \mpb 1>readth and

toujd (fftuto Jacobi. c. t*

jhftll contain in length, being wet, between twenty-fix and twenty-eight such Aid yards and inches, as is aforesaid, and flndi Ae in breadth fix quarters and an half ftuxraghout the Whole cloth at the leaft, and being dean fcoured, ducked, milled, and fully dried, shall weigh every piece of the flame doth forty-four pounds the doth at the lew: (a) And thee all mUhtofasr-PW'OW-ltfted whites and reds which shall be raadeki Wihfiirr3 row-lifted • *	GlmutfttrflArt, Oxftrdjbirt, and the eaftem limits of Smtrfttjbirey

whites apd	or elfewhere of like making, commonly called fortmg-pack

r«d»*	cloths,	(hall	contain	in	length,	being	wet,	between	twenty-fix

and twenty-eight fueh Aid yards and inches, as is afore (aid, and shall be in breadth within the lifts fix quarters and a half throughout the whole cloth at the leaft, and lifted with narrow lifts, as hath been aocuftomed for fbrting'-pack cloths, and being clean fcoured, thicked, milled and fully dried, shall weigh every piece, being white, fixty-one pounds at the lea A, npd being red shall weigh fixty pounds the piece at the leaft.

The length, VI. And that every fine doth with plain lifts made in the breadth and pounties of Wiltfbire., Glouctft, Smerfttjbirt and Oxford, doth* with or *lfewhere of like making, shall contain in length between ° * twenty-nine and thirty-two such Aid yards-and inches, as is aforesaid, and m breadth fix quarters ana a half between the lids throughout the whole cloth, and being dean fcoured, thicked, milled, and folly dried, shall weigh feventy-two pounds at tho leaft.

VII.	And that all and every cloths, having (top lifts and not plain lifts, shall contain in length between thirty and thirty-three of such Aid yards and inches as is aforesaid, and in breadth fe-ven quarters within the lifts, throughout the whole cloth, and in weight feventy-eight pounds at the leaft, as all Worctfin cloths are limited: (2; And that every broad-doth, commonly called Tsuntons, Bridgwatns and Dun ft ns, made in the weftera parts of Somerfetflure, or elfewhere of like making, (hail contain, being throughly wet, between twelve and thirteen such (aid yards and inches, as is aforesaid, and in breadth feven quarters of la -yard at the leaft, andbdng well fcoured, thicked, milled, and fully dried, shall weigh thirty pounds the doth at foe leaft(3) and every narrow cloth of like fort and making within the Aid county of Smnfetjhire, or elfewhere, shall- contain in length, being throughly wet, between twenty-four and twenty-five luch yards and inches, as i9 aforesaid, and in breadth one yard within the lifts at the leaft, and lifted with a narrow lift, and well ’fcoured, thicked, milled, and folly dried, shall weigh thirty pounds a-piece at the leaft, and the half-cloth thereof to be of a proportionable length and weight, and of like breadth, as aforesaid : (4) And that all (uch like broad cloths and narrow madeinYark clotb* l*ft befortf-mentioned, made within the county of York' feir* ,	p 7 into whites and reds, the broad cloth to hold the fame lengths,

breadth and weight, but the narrow cloth to be allowed by this statute to contain between feventeen and eighteen yards of like meafure, breadth, and io weight proportionable, as aforesaid.

VUI, And

plain lifts.

Cloths having (lopped lifts..

Broad-Cloths palled Taunton*, Bride-waters and P unit eft.

Broad and narrow cloths

i6o6.}	Asoo qistrto Jacom.

VUIi And that eU Drvonfkirtkcrfies called' dozens, fhall-Devonihire contain in length at the water between twelve and thirteen fitch Herfie* c*Ued laid yacds and inches, as is aforesaid,. and being well fosurod, d0*en*' thickod, milled, and fully dried, shall weigh thirteen pounds the doth at the Jcaft: (a) And all doth* called check-kerfie*, Check-fcerfio, ftnightsand plain greys, shall contain in length at the water bright* and .between, fevsnteea and eighteen such (aid yards and inches as Is aforesaid, and in breadth fine yard at the lead by all theniftonwoJTo-length, and being well feoured, thicked, milled, and fully dried, reft-whitei. shall weigh twenty-four pounds the piece at the lead: (3) And that all cloths called ordinary peniftones or foreft-whites, (had contain in length in the water between twelve and thirteen fock laid yards and inches, as is aforesaid, and in breadth five quarters and an half, and being dean feoured, thicked, milled, and folly dried, shall weigh twenty-eight pounds the piece at the - lead: (4) And that aU penidones called forting-peniftones, shall Sorting-peni-containin length in the water between thirteen and fourteen such done*, yards and inches, and shall be in breadth fix quarters and a half, and being clean feoured, thicked, milled, and fully dried, shall weigh thirty-five pounds the piece at the lead.

IX.	And be it likewise enacted by the authority aforesaid, Cog-w*re, That all cog-ware, kendal and carpt-meals, shall from hence- keodalud forth be mack in such fort as dull bed pJeafe the buyer, and carpt-meah. shall hot be (batched or fealed, or be fubje& to any other penalty than such as was* impofed thereon before tfae nine and thirtieth year of the reign of our late fovereien lady Queen

EUssaieti, fo as they fhrink not above one yard for every twenty J9 Eli*, c u. yards.

X.	And be it enadled by foe authority aforesaid. That all The length kerfics called wafhers, or wafh-whites, made within foe coun- and weight of ties of Ttrk, Lamafier, or elfewhere of like making, shall con- wafhers or tain/in length at the water, being half-thicked, between (even- "aUl‘®,,re** teen and eighteen yards of the meafore aforesaid, and being ouarter-thicked, shall contain between eighteen and nineteen

foch yards and inches, as is aforesaid, ana being dean feoured find folly dried, shall weigh ffeventcen pounds the piece at the leaft; (2) And that no doth-worker, (neer-man or fuller, shall Tliere fl,au be raife or row, or caufb to be raifed or rowed, any kind of cloths no rowing, or or fceffies m or with any oils, goofe greafe, fwines greafe,• or railing ot any fbch like thing of any kind of greafes or oils, but fludl {hear the fame doth, kerfie, plain and ftraight, without laying in or on any of the aforesaid oils, goofe greafe, fwines greafe, or any other liquid or moift thing, but only upon the edge of the (nears with femet or oil, upon pain to forfeit for- eveey time fo doing contrary to the true meaning of this ftatute, thirteen shillings four-pence: (3) And that no doth-worker, fheer- There flull b* man or fuller, shall raife, foil, or row or (hear the lifts and no different fides of cloths and kerfies, better than the midft, but- shall rowing, rai-* work all alike j (4) upon pain of forfeiting for every doth, p"fbearine*of kerfie, plain and ftraight, done contrary to foe true meaning t|,e hits of of. this (mute, thirteen shillings four-pence. ,	cloths.

XI.	And

202	Anno	quarto	Jacobi,	c. 2,	16o£~

There shall be XL And that no cloth-worker, or any other person or per-no cutting off fons whatfoever, shall have or ufe for the cutting or taking away back-fide* of • the wool from the back-fides of any cloths anditerfies, any cloth!	knift or knives, rubfter fit rubfters, pumiftone, or any other

device whatfoever, but only to (hear the fame backside with a pair of (hears; (2) on pain of forfeiting for every piece wherein or whereupon the fjupe shall be fp done, the uim of thirteen fbillings four-pence.

There shall be XII. And be it further enabled by the authority of this pre-?°outi>iTinor ^cnt parliament. That no cloth-worker, (heer-man or fuller, or bedewing any any ot^er P^rion or persons whatfoever, shall from and after the cloth on the 7 fcaft of St. Jtbn Baptiji next enfoing the end of tire prelent (ides near the fefiion of parliament, blow, fpout or bedew any kind of broad-hfr*	doth or kerfie on the (ides and edges near the lifts thereof with

any water, or other liquid or moid thing whatfoever, whereby the edges or fides of any cloth or kerfie may make (hew to be better fhan it is in the ridge, creft or midft thereof; (2) upon, pain to forfeit for every such offence the fun) of thirteen mil-The forfeiture lings four-pence of lawful money of England: (3) And if any for bfowin^ person or persons Khali, blow, fpout, wet or bedew, or caufc to be ofa* cloth for flowed, fpouted, wet or bedewed with any liquid or moift increafe of	thing any kind of cloth or kerfie of whatfoever country, mak-

Wcigbt.	ing or name, for increafe of weight, thereby to deceive the

buyers or fearchers, such person or persons shall forfeit and lofe for every such offence the fum of forty shillings of like lawful money of England.

Agreement XIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefeid, tor the dving. That all the said white cloths and coloured cloths, which by dreffin|,(bear- this prefent ail are not limited and appointed to be wrought, inS	dreffed and (horn, shall have allowance and abatement for the

2ng° .	9 dying, drefling, rowing and (hearing thereof, for every fuch

find Lnort broad woolen cloths four pounds in weight, and no more, and the long cloths five pounds and no more, and fo after • that rate in all and every the fame half-woolen cloth, kerfie, and ' other the said woolen cloth.

Into what kind XIV. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid. That of cloths only it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons Jaw-flocks,thrums, fully oxercifing the trade or art of a clothier, or making of doths, wool^mabS"be t0 m^c ^oc^s» thrums and lambs wool into cloth of one only put!	kind or making, which shall contain in length, being throughly

Rep. ii jac. j. wet, between twelve and thirteen such yards and inches, as is f. 18.	aforefaid, and in breadth one yard at the lead within the lifts,

and being clean fcoured, thicked, milled, and fully dried,-(hall weigh fifteen pounds the piece at the lead,

The means to XV. And for the better and more eafy didin&ion and know-know cloth ledge of every fuch- cloth from cloth made of perfect woo], made of iU>cks, pVery cloth made of flocks, thrums and lambs wool, (hail have irums, c.	holly	of black yarn, and on the other tide a fel-

vedge only : (2) And that from henceforth no person or perfoas (hail put any hair, flocks, thrumbs or any yarn made of lambs wool, or other deceivable thing or things, in or upqn

1606.}	.	Anno qoarta Jacoei. c. 2.	*	*03

any other broad 'woolen cloth, half-cloth, kerfie, frize, dozen, .

bays, peniftone, cotton, Taunton cloth, Bridgwater, Drnfter cot->

con, or other doth, of what nature, kind and name foever,

made to be ibid, and fold, not being made and lifted with fuch

black lift and felvedge as aforesaid ; (3) upon pain to forfeit Jhc Penalty

every such cf the said woolen cloth, half-cloth, kerfie, frize, ^ryphua^g of

dozen, peniftone, cotton and other woolen cloth, of what na- flocks, Sec. in-

ture, kind and name foever, other than such as shall be lifted to any other

and made as aforesaid, whereinto or upon which any such hair, doth*

flocks, thrums, yam of lambs wool,, or other deccivable thing

ihall be put or u(ed, or the value thereof.

XVI.	Provided always, that in such towns, places and ooun- places where ties, where flannel, wadnals and coverlets or blankets are ufaal- flannel, wad* ly made, the fame maybe made in such foit as heretofore hath nab and eo-* been lawfully ufed and accuftomed; this statute or any thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XVII.	And if any of the said broad woolen cloths, or half- The forfeiture cloth, or any other kind of woolen cloths, dozens, cottons or ^^h^lioneer other forts of woolen cloth before-mentioned in this prefent a ft,

of what nature, kind or name foever they be of, made to be fold, pointed, and fold, shall be more in length than is therefore refpe&ivciy limited and appointed in this prefent aA; then every person or persons felling the fame, shall forfeit and pay for every yard and inch exceeding the length fp appointed, the (urn of ten millings, and no more.

XVIII.	And if any such cloth shall npt weigh proportion- The forfeiture ably for every such yard and inch to the several and refpe&ive ^of^waateth weight to them fo limited and appointed, then the said perfon and persons felling the fame, shall forfeit and lofe for every pound weight that shall be wanting above two pounds, the fum of ten (hillings, and no more; any former law or statute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XIX.	And if any such cloth before-mentioned, not exceed- The forfeiture

ing the several lengths to them by this statute limited or ap- lf thtcbclotj}£9 pointed, and holding the several and refpedtive weight limited wan ^ and appointed, do yet fortune to want of the juft breadth li-	;

mited or appointed; then the (aid person or persons felling the

fame, shall forfeit and lofe for every cloth falling narrow tho- ' row the whole cloth, twenty (hillings, and throughout half the cloth, ten (hillings, and under half the cloth, five shillings only and no more; any former laws or statutes inflicting other or greater penalty or penalties to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XX.	And if any cloth or cloths of any the names, natures The forfeiture / of making aforesaid, which by this statute or any daufeor ar- the cloth be

tide therein, or any other statute now in force and not repealed, tha„ thefeal shall upon due and convenient trial, within convenient time purport* after fale thereof, in prefence of the party that fold the fame, or other person or persons by him appointed, if he or they will be prefent at the fearch and trial thereof, or if he or they will

ao4	Anj*o quarto jAcow. C. 2.	{166

pot be prefcnt, having reafbnable notice, then in his or their* abfence, be found to be of Ids length than the feal or .teals thereon fixed at the time of the fide thereof do purport j then the owner, or perfoo or persons Ming the fame* shall forfeit ' and Ipfe to the merchant, draper, or other person or persons that shall have bought the fame, .for fo much as shall be wanting of the length fpecificd in the leal or feds of the said doth* after the rate of fix shillings eight-pence for every yard over and befidcs the true value of fo much of die laid doth or cloths, as shall be found wanting of the length certified by the feid feal or feals, and no more; any former law or ftatute, infli&ing other or greater penalty, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftaoding.

A repeal of «R XXI. And be it further enadtad by the authority of this contrary to- ardent parliament. That all and every branch, daiife and IneAelrnKthr *cntenco m *nV former ftatute, whereby any other length, breadth ami ' breadth or weight of the doths before-mentioned or any of them, weight of	or ady other penalty or forfeiture concerning the length, breadth

ctotb*, or for- or weight of the aforefeid doths or any of them, or any. other totum. offence by this ad intended to be reformed, is limited, orwhere-by any penalty or forfeiture for the offences in this bill mentioned, or any of them, are given to any other person or persons than in and by this statute is limited and intended, shall be from henceforth utterly repealed and made void.

Oofo torched XXII. And be it further eftadted by authority of this prefcnt toUnotbe * Parliament, That none of the doths aforefaia, which by the torched, tried laws and statutesof this realm ought to be (baled, of what or watered a- name, nature or quality (bever they be of, being feated by the nin, but by overfeers authorized as well by the statute made in the nine and thereof” thirtieth year of the reign of our said late fovereign lady Queen 39 Elis! c. so.	Elizabeth,intituled. An aagainft tie ftrttcmng and

43 Elis. c. 10. teatring of northern cloth, as also by a statute made in the three and fortieth year of her said reign, intituled. An act for the true sijac i.cii. working and mating ef woolen cloth, shall afterward be fearched,

X 7. * '	’	tried or watered by any other person or persons whatfoever, but

only by the merchant or draper, or other person to whom the feme mail be fold: (2) Ana that if any woolen doth, upon toicben or '	^:su<c^	by the fearchers or overfeers of the dries, counties,

overtort toll towns or places where the cloth is made, shall be found either take Tome be- to exceed the length or to want of the weight by this statute li-nefit by the mited, the said fearchers or overfeers finding and (terrifying the forfeitures. overlength and the weight that shall want, or foch of them wherein the offence shall happen to have been committed, by his or their feal or feals, shall have the one moiety of all such penalties and forfeitures, as by this statute are given, limited and appointed, for excefs of length or want of weight, and no other person or perfons: (3) And shall and may fue for and recover the feme by adtion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at JVefimnJler, wherein no effoin, protection or wager of law shall be allowed j and

our

j6o6.]	Anno qaaito Jacobi. c.2.	105

our fovereign lord the King’s majesty, his heirs'and Aiccdlors,

(hall have the other moiety.

XXIII.	And alio if any woolen cloth or cloths, of any the The forfeiture natures, names or makings aforesaid, (hail after fach fearch ir> yhere eloth^ ^ the country or other place aforesaid, be found to be ftultv in JJatfo emU any thing not certified, and appearing by the leal or feals of the lied by the said overfeers and fearchers, by the merchant or draper, oreverfeer. other person or persons buying the fame, upon due and cotive-

nient trial within convenient time after the faie thereof, in prefence of the party that fold the fame, or of' other person or per* fons by him or them to be appointed, if he or they will be pre-fent at the fearch and trial thereof, or if he or they will not be prefent, having reafonable notice given, then in his or their abfence; the said merchant or draper, or other person that bought the fame, and no other, shall have the one moiety of att . the penalties and forfeitures by this statute impofed and incurred, -and not become due to the overfeers and fearchers aforesaid, to. his own only proper ufe and behoof; any former ftatute, mat- , ter or thing whatfoever to.the contrary hereof in any wife notwithstanding; (2) and also shall or .may fuefor and recover the fame in any of his Maiefty’s courts of record at JVeflminfter, by . a(51 ion of debt', bill, plaint or information, wherein no efloin, protection or Wager of law shall be allowed; and his Majesty, his heirs and facceflbrs shall have the other moiety.

XXIV. And forafmuchas of late it hath beta	That 'a Duties and

broad woolen cloth	Jhould and ought to confi of four and twentyfueb payment* for

yards and inches as	aforefaid\ and not abov, and payments1 and other * broad wool*

duties have been accordingly demanded and paid for the fame r be it **	*

therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid,. That if any broad

woolen cldthbe made longer or fhorter than four and twenty

fuch said yards and inches, all duties and payments hereafter <b

be paid for the fame, shall be demanded and made proportion-

able, according to the rate and proportion of fodr and twenty

fuch (aid yards and inches, for a whole doth, and not otherwise.

XXV.	And whereas by this and divers other flatutes concerning 5fcSEd.«.c «.

drapery and clothing, it is enabled. That all and every	Ph.&M.

and	cloths, which	flail be made in Kent and Suilex,	or at the c* 5-

‘of Reading, or elfewhere of tike making/ball be of a certain , breadth and weight, in this or other the said flatutes txpre/fed and limited, and in tike fort for woolen cloths mofl ufuatiy made in /me other eountits or towns, are firfl /Sociallyand particularly named tn this and ether the said flatutes, and after follow	(or	elfewhere of like making!)	importing,That it be lawful for any

elothier,' of whatfoever town or county within this realm, to make doth 'of like making, and accordingly the fame hath heretofore been put in ure: Yet forafmuch as of late feme doubt bath thereupon rifen, be it therefore explained and enaCted, That it is and shall'be Every clothier lawful for every dothier, of what town or county foever with-	any

in this realm, -where clothing hath heretofore been ufetf, to w°° e#

make

to6	Anno qaarto Jacobi, c. g.	[160&

make or caufe to be made any true woolen cloth, of what name, nature or manner of making foever the feme be, albeit the fame kind of woolen doth do bear fpecially the name of feme other T. . county, city or town within this realm* This ad to continue anced^hisadi urtil the end of the first feffion of the next parliament.

Tha King's XXVI. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority duties and fait aforesaid. That neither this ad* nor any thing therein contain- 1 officers referv* ed, shall extend to abridge or diminifh any cuftoms or duties ***•	appertaining to otir fovereign lord the King’s majesty, his heirs

or fucceflbrs, or to any his officers of minifters, for the fearch-ing, meafuring or fealing any the cloths before-mentioned, nor to hurt or prejudice the lawful fees due or belonging to his Majesty’s aulneger, or to hurt or prejudice the lawful ufe and Goth once	cxercife of the office of aulneger; fo as after any cloth once

lawfully	lawfully fearched and lawfully fealed, the fame be not compel-

^ to ^urt^er viewed, fearched, meafured or fealed. Clon-not be fcarch-	tmuei by 3 Car. 1. c. 4. and farther continued by 16 Car. 1.

ed or fealed €. 4*	*

•gain.	Cap. iii.

An all to give coftsto the defendant upon a nonfuit of the plaintiff, or verdill against him.

Cafes wherein \V'HI?RJ:AS	in	the three

by the statute V V King Henry the Eighth of famous memory, a good and profit-made *3 H. 8. able law was made9 whereby it was enabled, That in cafes where the *5-plaintiff in any aftion9 bill or plaint of debt, trefpafs upon the cafe, I recover Iris	detinue, account, and in fome other aftions therein efpecially men-

cofts.	tionedy should become nonfuit, or a verdift should be had against the

Hetley 14.6. said plaintiff; that then in fueh cafes the defendant should have judgment to recover his cojls against every jucb plaintiff\ as by the said taw appeareth; (2) Which law hath been found to be very good and beneficial for the common Wealthy and thereby many have been dif-couraged from bringing frivolous and unjuft fuitSy becaufe such parties are to make recompence to the parties unjuftly vexedy for the said unjuft vexations.

' 1 Bulftr. 189. II. And forafmuch as aftions of trefpafsy and aftions ^Ejedione 1 Bulftr. 261. firm*, and many other aftions real and perfonaly are within the fame L^enricales *djchief% as the said other aftions were at the common lawy and yet wherein the wer€ omitted out of the provifton of the said law: (2) For reme-defendant shall dy whereof, be it enaded by the King's moft excellent majesty, recover his the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this tl°ftS \ mtiff Prc^ent Parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, s'eIwTc.'i. That if any person or persons at any time after the end of this * Roll. 75, 87, prefent feffion of parliament, shall commence or fue in any court of record, or in any other court, any adion, bill or Hob. 219. plaint of trefpafs, or Ejeftione firmas or any other adion what-March 24..** foever, wherein the plaintiff or demandant might have cofts ( if (Lrp. jac. 229. in cafe judgment should be given for him) and the plaintiff or plaintiffs, demandant or demandants, in any such adion, bill pr plaint, after appearance of the defendant or defendants,

be

1606; j	Anno quarto Jacobi* tf.4.	*07

be nonfoitcd, or that any verdift happen to pafs by any lawful trial againlt the plaintiff or plaintiffs^ demandant or demandants, in any such action, bill or plaint, that then the defendant and defendants, in every.fuch adbon, bill or plaint, shall have judgment to recover his coils against every such plaintiff and plaintiffs, demandant and demandants, (3) to be affeffed, taxed and levied in manner and form as cods in the said recited actions are to be affefled, taxed and levied in and by *3 H.a.c. if. the said law of the three and twentieth year of King Henry the Eighth. Co. En. 29.

CAP. IV.

An aft to refrain the utterance of beer and ale to alehoufe-keepers and tiplers not licenced.

FOR the tetter reprtffng of alehoufer, whereof the multitude* In what cafe and abufes have been ami are found intolerable, and JliH do and	°*

are tike toincreafe: (2) be it enacted by the King’s moft ^-j^toanale-cellent majesty, and the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the houfe-keepe* commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the having no li-authority of the fame. That no person or persons by himfelf, 0“®®* or by any other ways or means, direftly or indirectly, ihall at ^hou^ihi-any time after three months next after the end of this prefent tolerable, feffion of parliament, fell, utter or deliver, orcaufetobe fold. None shall /ell uttered or delivered, any beer or ale, to any perfon* or persons, alc or beer to or into the houfe or cellar of any person or persons that then deeper not ihall fell or utter beer or ale. as a common tipler or alehoufe- having li-keeper, the fame person not having any licence then in force cence, but for to fell ale or beer, other than for the convenient ufe and t}le.c*x?.enCi? expence of his, her or their houlhold only; (3) upon pain to bouf' forfeit for every barrel fold, uttered or delivered contraiy to the form and true meaning of this act, the fum of fix millings eight-pence, and fo after that rate for a greater or leffer quantity.

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, In what courts That all offences to be done or committed contrary to the true the offences meaning of this act, and all penalties aforesaid, shall be en-	JjjjJ

quired of, fued for, heard and determined in the feffions of determined., the peace for the county, city or borough, town or liberty, or in the court of record of the city, through, town or lir-berty, wherein .fuch offence shall be committed, by aftion of debt, information, indiftment or prefentment, wherein no efloin, protection or wager of law shall be allowed to the de- , fendant: (2) and the one half of all which forfeitures (full be Who shall to the ufe of the poor people inhabiting within the city, *!ave thc borough, hundred, town or liberty, where such offencestwlurcs-ihall be committed from time to time, and the other half thereof to him or them that will fue for the fame.

III.	And to the end that the said one half of the said for- The poor’s feitures above limited to be to the ufe of the said poor people, half of the may be truly imploypd and beftowed upon th?m, according to KcSi-

thc

20t

wed to the overfeers.

The officer pairing the moiety to the overfeers, (hail be difcharged thereof.

The penalty for not diftributing the money received to the poor*

The penalty ofadrunkard, and of him •hat continued! drinking in an alehouse. Drunkenness the foundation of many other sins, and the cause of The forfeiture of him that is convicted of drunkenness.

7 Jac. i. c. io.

Anno quarto Jacobi. c.£.	[1606.

the true meaning of this ad: (a) be it further enaded. That the sheriff, bailiff or other officer or person that shall 1 levy or receive any fum or Anna of money forfeited and reco* ! vered according to the true meaning of this ad, shall and may by virtue of this ad, without further warrant, deliver the one half of the fame fum and fums of money, by him or them (b levied and received, to fome one or more of the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor of the fame pari(h where the fame offence shall be committed, to be by them and every of them diftributed and beftowed amongft the said poor people, according to the true meaning of this ad, who shall likewise haye authority by virtue of this ad, to distribute and beftow the fame accordingly.

IV.	And be it further enaded. That every sheriff, bailiff and other officer and person which shall levy or receive any such forfeiture or forfeitures afoiefaid, and shall pay over the moiety and one half thereof, according to the true meaning of this ad, shall be thereof discharged against the King’s majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs.

V.	And be it further enaded. That if any sheriff, bailiff or other officer or person shall refufe to pay over the moiety and one half of the said money by him or them levied or re* crived, or that the (aid churchwardens ar\d overfeers, to whom the said money shall be fo paid, shall not from time to time, within convenient time, trcrly diftribute and beftbw the fame to and amongft the poor people according to the true meaning of this ad, that then every person fo offending shall forfeit double the value thereof, to be recovered and imployed as a** forefaid,

CAP; v.

An act for reprejjtng the odious and loatbfom ftn of drutikerf-

neft.	‘

WHE RE A S the loatbfom and odious fth of dnlnkemiefi is of late grow* into common ufe within this realm, being the root and foundation, of many other enormous fms% as bloodjhedy fobbing, murder, jwearing, fornication, adultery, and fiub fih> to the great dijhtmour of God, and of our nation, the overthrow of many good arts and manual trades, the difabling of divers workmen* and the general impoveriflnng of many good fukf*flsy abufrvely wafting the good creatures of Gad:	-

feveral enormities, t Salk. 45.

II.	Be it therefore enaded by the King’s mod excellent fnan jefty, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, , in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the (afne. That all and every person or persons, which after forty days next following the end of this prefent feflton of parliament, shall be drunk, and of the fame offence of drunkennefs shall be lawfully convided, shall for every such offence forfeit and lofe five shillings of lawful money of England, to be paid within one week next after.his, her or their convidioa thereof, to

the

i6oGJ]	Anno quarto Jacobi. d/.	,	209

the hands of the churchwardens of that parifh where the offence shall be committed, who shall be accountable therefore tp the ufe of the poor of the fame parifh: (2) and if This penalty the faid'perfon or persons fo convidled, shall refute or neg-	fwe

iecSt to pay 'he said forfeiture as aforesaid, then the fame t^pay the for* shall be From time to time, levied of the goods of every fufch feiture* person or persons fo fefufing.or ncglefting to pay the fame, by warrant or precept from the fame court, judge or juftices, before whom the fame convidlion shall be: (3) and if the of-. fender or offenders be not able to. pay the said fum of. five ihillings, then the offender or offenders shall be committed to the (locks for every offence, there to remain by the fpace of fix hours;

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thelbrfcl-

That if any conftable, or any other inferior officer of that pa- ture of an in. ri(h or place where the offence shall be committed, to whom ^ce,L-that shall be . given in charge by the precept of any mayor,	t* do his

bailiff or other head officer, or justices of the peace within duty.

their several limits, do negleft the due correction of the said offender, or the due levying of the said penalties, where dif-trefs may be had; then every person fo offending shall forfeit the fum of ten shillings of current money of. jEngland* to the ufe of the poor .of the fame pari(h or place where the offence shall be committed, to be levied by way of diftrefs; by any other person or persons having warrant from any mayor, bailiff or other head officer, justices of peace, or court, where •any such conviction shall be, and to be paid to the churchwardens as before limited, who are also to account for the fame to the ufe aforesaid.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The penalty That if any person or persons within this realm of England, or forcontioumg the dominion of Wales* shall remain or continue drinking or tChoSS&cJ1 tipling in any inn, vidtualling-houfe or alehoufe, being in 7jac. i.c. 10. ,the fame city, town, village or hamlet, wherein the said per- Fartkrfrovi*-fon or persons (fo remaining drinking or tipling) doth dwell

and inhabit at the time of such drinking and tipling; and^/*1 the fame being viewed and feen by any mayor or other head officer, juftice or justices of peace within their several limits, or duly * proved in (uch manner and form as is limited in and by one aft of parliament made in the first feffion of this, w t c% ^ present parliament, intituled. An aft to re/lrain the inordinate haunting and tipling in inns, alehoufes .and other Victualling* ' hou/eSf unlefs it be in (uch cafe or cafes as be tolerated or excepted in the said a<ft; that then every person or persons fo offending shall forfeit and lofe for every such offence, the fiufi of three shillings and four pence of current money of England, to the ufe of the poor of the parifli where the said offence shall be committed, to be levied by way of diftrefs, in such manner and form as is before appointed by this a<ft, for the levying of the penalty of five shillings for being drunk: (2) and if it happen that any offender or offenders against the true intent of this claufe or branch, being thereof lawfully convicted,

Vol. VII.	P	be

a jo	Anno quarto Jacob!, tig'. ' f

be not able to pay the said forfeiture or forfeiture*; then it shall and may be lawful for any mayor, bailiff or other head officer, juftice or justices of peace, or court, where any such conviction shall be, to punifh die (aid offender or offenders by fetting him, her or diem in the docks for every such offence, by the (pace of four hours, fehat officers V. . For the more due execution of this ftatute, and for the fail enquire better and more due proceeding against foch offenders, all of-of and punifh fences of ’ drunkennefs, and of excefs and unmeafurable drink-

£mSTa- H* (*)be * by«?C	S'*'

gainU this fta- font parliament. That all the offences m this act, and m tute, and the the said former aCt mentioned, shall be from time to time dictate of ligently enquired of' and prefented before the justices of affi-»Jae. i. c,*

zes in their circuit, justices of the peace in thehr quarter or or-'	dinary feffions, and before the mayors, bailiffs or other head

officers of every city or town corporate, who have power to enquire of trefpaffes, riots, routs, forces and such like offences, and in every court-leet, and thereupon such due proceedings shall be against the offender and offenders for their due convi&ion in that behalf, as in such like cafes upon any indictment or presentment is ufed by the laws of the realm, or cuftoms of the city, town or place where such presentment or indictment shall be enquired of and found.

He that 7s the VI. And it is further enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That fecond time .if anyperfon or persons, being once lawfully convicted of the convi&ed of fajd offence of drunkennefs, mall* after that be again lawful-^"bebound ^y convicted of the like offence of drunkennefs, that then to his good every person and persons fo (Secondly conviCtad of the said behaviour, offence of drunkennefs, shall be bounden with two fure-ties to our (overt igii lord the King’s maiefty, his- heirs and fucceflors, in one recognizance or obligation of ten pounds, with condition to be from thenceforth of good behaviour.

What officers VII. Be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid, fhatl prefent That all conftables, churchwardens, headboroughs, tithing-the offences men, aleconners and (idemen, shall in their, leveral oaths ^jdmld bf ^nci<*ent t0 t*le,r fevcral offices, be charged in like fort to prefent aijac. i. c. 7. the offences contrary to this ftatute.

f. 5.	*	VIII. Provided always, That this ad, or any thing therein

No reftraint of contained, do not in any wife abridge or reftrain the ccdefiafti-.^kfiartkal cal power or jurisdiction, but that all ordinaries, and other eo junfaicuons. cleiiaf>ical judges and officers, shall and may proceed to enquire of, cenlure and punifh aU such offenders according to the ec-defiaftical laws of this realm, in such manner and form as before they lawfully might do; any thing in this aCt to the contrary notwithstanding.

There shall be IX. Provided alfo. That when any of the offenders against but one pu- the true intent of this aCt, or any branch or article thereof, hath niflunent for been once punifhed or corrected for his or her offence, by any ens 0 mo*, tjle wayg means before limited; that then the said offender

(hall

l6o6«j	Afljio quarts jAcoBf. c.&	an

lhaH not be e&fooris puhifhed or corrected for the fame offence . by any other ways or means.

X.	Provided always, That this act, or any thing therein con- The liberties tained, (haH not be prejudicial to either of the two uhiverfities of of the univer-this land, but that the dharicellors, matters and fcholars, and £*ie* ft8]! "?* the fuccettors of them and either of them, may as fiuily ufe ** Pre)ud,cea' and enjoy all their jurffdiftlons, rights, privileges and charters, as heretofore they have or might have done; any thing in this aft to the contrary notwithstanding.	*

XT.	Provided always, That no person or persons shall be within what punifhed, impeached or moletted for any offence mentioned in time an of-this ftatute, unlefs he shall be for the fame offence prefented, ftn^erJJPu ^ indifted or convifted within fix months after such offehce pre committed: (2) this aft to continue until the end of the first The contino* fefllon of the next parliament. Mad* perpetual by 21 Jac. 1. c. 7. ance of this but fee 21 Jac. 1. c. 28. which only continues it to the end of the a^> firftfeffioti of the next parliament.Enforced as perpetual by 1 Car.

4-	...

CAP. VI.

An	alt for repealing of fomuch of one branch of' a ftatute

made in the first year of his Majeftfs

c8 concerning	tanners, curriers, and other

artificers occupying the cutting of , as concemetb the fettling ofjheep-jktns, and to avoid felling of tamed leather by weight.

WHEREAS by the fane statute it plainly	That	The intent

the Intent and meaning, thereof was to make void all former at the statute Jlatutes made concerning tanners, curriers,jboemakers, and other arti- made 1	*'

ftcers occupying the cutting of leather, and to comprehend in one fta- **' * 7& ^ * tuie all things mentioned in the fame former laws needful to be Ed.«. c. tj. ed concerning tanners, curriers, Jboemakers and other artificers - 1 M. ftat. j. pying the.cutting of leather: (2) and for that in divers branches the fend late statute touching the fealing of leather, amongft many f E,-£ *’ other kinds of tanned leather therein particularly named to	,	a	,t Elia. c. £

rate is fet down to be paid for fealing ofJbeep-Jkins, as	Sbeep-fkins

lad been by the intent of the former laws	fealed; whereas in

truth Jbeep-Jkins art not meet to be fealed, nor were at any time ap-	b«

pointed or limited by anyformer law to be fealed, becaufe the fealing of them is a fruitlefs charge, tending to the great hurt andloft of many thoujimd poor men, and for the good of none, but only for the gain of the fealer thereof.

IT: For reformation whereof, be it enacted by oar fovereign lord the King’s majesty, and by the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembledj and by the authority of the fame, That no person or perfond shall at any time hereafter incur any penalty, lofs or forfeiture, for houfing, felling or buying of any tanned fheCp- There shall be fkins unfearched or unfealed, fo as the said fheep-fkins un-no penalty for fearched and unfealed Audi be wrought and converted into houfing, buy-

P 2	made

2i2	Anno	quarto Jacobi, c.7,8,9;	[x£e6.

fng or Idling made wares within this realm of England* any thing in the fa*d ftlCrPifl^ms statute to the contrary notwithstanding-ijac.i c »*. Pk j/erf where fince the making of the said Jlatute> his Majcfiys No tanned lea- fubjefls have been much deceived and abufedy by felling of tanned leather shall be ther by weighty the said leather being neither fufficientfy fanned, nor fold by weight, throughly dried, as it ought to bey and before time was wont to be :

(2) be it therefor^ further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That no person or persons, after the end of this prefent fefllon of parliament, shall utter or fell, or caufe to be uttered or foM,

Ste 1W. &M. by weight, any kind of tanned leather whatfoever, (5) upon feffl 1. c. 33. pain of forfeiture of the said leather fo uttered and fold;, the f. 6.	leather or the value thereof, to be recovered in any of the

King’s majesty’s courts of record, by adfcion of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no wager of law, efloin or prote&ion.

(hall lie or be allowed; the one moiety of the said forfeiture to be unto the King our fovereign lord, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety unto such person or perfone as shall fue for the fame.

CAP. Vtf.

An act for the founding and incorporating of a free- grammar fchool la the town of Northleech in the county of Gloucefter. —

. CAP. VIII.

An a6k touching the drowned marlhes of Lefnes and Fants in the ebunty of Kent. *3 El. c. 13. *7 El. c. ay.

CAP. IX.

An aSl to explain a former	made	feffion	of	this

parliament, intituled, An act to enable all his Majesty’s loving fubjefts of England and' Wales to trade freely into tne dominions of Spain, Portugal and France.

A corporation XT7HEREAS it phafed our late fovereign lady £hucn Eliza-granted by yy beth of famous memory, by her Highnefs Utters patents un-Socmain d‘r the. great teal of England .beadate	day of

merchants of June in the fecond year other Htgbnefs retgn, (in confideratson of Exeter, shall the goody true and faithful obedience and fervice done by the mayor continue of ang principal citizens of the city of Exeter, as well in the time of lUnding^he	Henry	the Seventh as of King Edward the Sixth, againfi Ji-

Astute of vers treafons and rebellions moved and Jlirred in thofe daysy as also 3 Jac. i. c. (f. for tie taking away, abolifhing and amoving of many and sundry ab-Jurdities and inconveniences which within the said city and county did increafty by reafon of the excefjive number of artificersy and other inexpert y ignorant and unworthy men, which did take upon them to ufie the arty ficience and myjlery of merchandize and trajjick of merchant wares, to the great detriment of the commonwealth of this realm of England, andto the manifejl impoverijhmcnt of the said city) to, incorporate certain merchants therein namedy and their fuccejforSy (being* citizens and inhabitants of the said city and county) and to give and grant unto them the perpetual name of the governor, confuls, and foci ety of the merchant’adventurers of the city and county of Exeter* trafficking the realm of France and the dominions of the French King \ (a) which said incorporation or company of merchants are found

1606;]	Anno	quarto	Jacobi,	c.io.

to bi of groat ufe, honour and fervice to tbt fate in general, as well in the advancement of his Majefifs cuftomSy as also for that the said incorporation for the fpaee of forty and five years have relieved twelve poor men with gowns> mbney and other necejfarieSy to their great com-forty and do fill yearly fo apparel and comfort tbem9 and by their find charter they are bound to continue and keep the fame for ever:

(3) and likewise they have and do not only charitably from time to The fever al time fiet up sundry young merchants with the loan of money at their benefit* done firfi entrance into the trade, but aljo have raifed, and also do raife di~ J?? vers antient merchants, who by Ioffes at the Jea have been decayed, by Kinged means whereof they have proved afterwards profitable both to the King commoner cufioms and other payments, and good members to the commonwealth wealth. of the said city:.

II* And for that many particular merchants of the said corporation, have in the time of dearth and fear city of corny adventured great fums of money out of their own private flocks for com into foreign kingdomsy for the reliefofthe poor, as well of the find cltyy as ofthe county ^Devon, to whom they have fold the fame corn in time of great dearth and neeejptyy fiometimes for two Jbillings fix pence, threet/billings, and three Jhilungsfour pence lefs in every bujbefy than the prices in the markets have then been:

III.	And further, for that sundry members of the said incorpora- The (ociety tion have by their wilts and teftaments given divers fums of money to comfortable the said company to good ufeSy which mufi return to their executorsy if j® this company be diffolved> as also for that the said fociety hath from ^e. the beginning thereof been ever found comfortable to ally and offenfive to none: (2) therefore whereas in the left fejjion of parliament hold- The statute of en at Weftminfter in the third year of his Maiefty’s reigny one ge- 3 J*6: neral aft was made, intituledy An aft to enable all his Majesty’s toVhe loving fubjefts of England and Wales, to trade freely into the diflolvingof dominions of Spain, Portugal and France: The general words of the said coro-which aft may be objefted and urgedy to extend to the annihilating and Pany-diffihnng of the fold particular charter and company, contrary to the meaning of this nigh court of parliament, and the intent of the makers ' of that laWy as is conceived oy the opinion offundry leamedin the laws: may it therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majesty, with the af-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament aflembled, that it may be enafted, explained and declared, (3) and be it enafted, explained and de- The ftatuteof dared, by the authority of the fame, That the said general law 11a£- *• c. 6* fo made as aforesaid, neither doth nor fliall diffolve, annihilate or	im-

impeach the said charter, or the said company, in any their privi- peach the li-leges, liberties or immunities granted unto them by the said char- bertiet grant*

An act for confirmation of fome part of a charter granted by King Henry the Sixth to the mayor, bailiffs and burgefles of the town of South* anapton, and for the relief of the said town. — Certain liberties granted by King Henry 6. to the mayor, See. of Southampton confirmed. A fcftraint of ^11 merchants not being free of Southampton to buy or

any wife notwithstanding.

*3

. fcU

*H	Annoquano Jacobi. c.ii>i«.

fen within the town. A confirmation of lb mucb of the charter of King Henry 6. as doth reftram flraogcrt to buy or fell in Southampton. None, not being free of the (aid town shall buy or fell to another not being free. What commodities, and for what pvrpofcs may besought byanyperfen. Buying and felli&g in fain, or on Imp-board. Tbc barons and freemen ot the cinque ports excepted*

CAP, XI.

An act for the better provision of meadow and paftore for neceflary maintenance of husbandry and tillage in die manors, lordftipa and parfrhesef Marden ^aJias Mawarden, Bodcnhara, Wellington, Sutton ShMicnael, Sutton StJiichobirMurton uponLound the panlb of Pipe^apd evetyof them, in the county of Hereford. — The owners and formers of lands in certain manors in the county of Hereford, may rnclofe fome part thereof. The different husbandry of the said manors from other parts of the realm. Every owner and farmer within the manors aforesaid, may iri. dole a third part of his lands. See. This aB. shall not extend to a wafte or common ground. A piOviGon where one perfoa is owner of the firit crop, and others of the later mowth. The aA doth not give a lawful title to the pofleflor of any land where he had none before. None shall be bind red of his lawful way. Every perfou that doth inolofe, shall be abated of bis common proportionably. They who do indofei may be (tinted of their common by the refidue of the commoners. The.forfeiture of him who keepeth more cattle than is limited by bis font. The offences of furcharge of common, shall be enquired of and punifhed in leett and courts baron. A proviuon where land ioclofed is oifmembred from the tenements wherewith it was occupied. A provifion for the continuing of certain grounds iadofed one time of the year, as they have beep. Thp ufgge of lug-meadow (ball not be altered*

CAP. XU.

/fa 08 far explanation of a fiatute made in the third year of the reign of King James,	, An act for the

bringing in of a freflj ftream of running water' to the north parts of the city of London.

Anuftfortbe TX/HEREAS of late in the parliament holden at bringing of a VV	tmnjler, in the third year ot	the reign of our fovercign

th W 'ithDirt Kine James,An aft was made for the bringing of a frdh ofthedtyof * ftrcam of running water to the north parts of the city of Lcn-London, ac- don, as by the fame aft appeareth: now for that (ithence the (cording to a making of that law, upon view of the grounds through which *®r"®er ft*1*118, the waters are to pafs, by men of ftill, and upon advifed con-fidpration of the premises, it is thought more convenient, and f’	lefs damage to the ground, that the fame running water be

brought and conveyed in and through 3 trunk or vault of brick or done inclofed, and in iome places where need is, railed upon arches, than in open trench or fewer, (2) which manner of conveyance of the fame water in a drunk or vault of brick or ftone, is doubtful whether by the words of the former law (t may be lawfully effefted by the lord mayor and commonalty, and citizens of the city of , albeit they do not duly perform every part, claule, matter and thing in the said statute contained, which on their part are by the' true intent of that Jaw to be performed.

II.	For clearing of which doubt, and plain declaration of fhe true meaning of the said law, be it enacted by our fove-l$igp lord the King, and by tbp lords fpiritua] and temporalj

jrfrbf.|	Anno quarto Jacobi, c.13.

and common* of this present parliament afiembJed, and by the authority of the lame, that at any time or times after the laying out of such convenient limits of ground for the making of the trench, or conveyance of water to the north parts of the Aid city of London, at the breadth of ten foot, and not a- The nu feove, os to foe mayor and commonalty, and citizens of the &c. 0fLom-city of London, and their deputies and workmen, with the al- don, may e-lowance of the commiffioners in the said former aft mentioned, re& a trank or any icven of them, lhall be fecn convenient and meet for the SeesuVt*1*® lame, and in that (dace that they lhall find to be moft apt and meet convey the for that purpose, according to the true intent of foe laid ftatute, water from that the mayor and commonalty, and citizens of foe laid city Chadwell,1 fee. of London, and their fucceflors, deputies and workmen, for *• London' the confidonation in the laid former *<fr expreffcd, lhall have liberty, not only to dig the fame ground to be impioyed in the lame river or new cut, as in the said former aft is ex-preficd, but also in the fame place where they lhall think tttoft meet for the fold new cut or paflage of water, to frame, eredk, and make a trunk or vault of brick or ft one for the paftage of foe laid water to the north parts of the laid city of London, not exceeding ten foot in breadth, in such manner and form to be laid in the earth or upon arches, as to the mayor and commonalty, and citizens of London lhall Item meet, (2) The mayor, and from time to time for ever to maintain and preferve the4cc-0£Lon<l0* fame trunk or vault of brick or ftone, and for that purpose tcHhut to have like liberty and free callage to and from the said trunk maintain the .or vault of brick or ftone, for thaking, erecting, maintaining laid trunk or and preferring thereof from time to time for ever, as they had vault* or might have had by foe intent of foe laid former aft, to and from the laid new cut or river, with men, horfes, carts and carriages, at all times convenient, and in places convenient . for the making of the laid new cut or river, with men, horfes, cart and carriages, at all times convenient, and in places convenient for foe making of the said new cut or trench, and for the preferving of the lame from time to time for ever; any thing in the raid former ftatute, or in any other Jaw or statute to foe contrary thereof in any wife notwitbftanding.

cap. xm.

An act for the draining of certain fens and low grounds in the ifle of Ely* fubjeft to hurt by unrounding, containing about fix thousand acres, compaflcd about with certain banks commonly called and named the ring of Walderfcy and Cooldham. The undertaken lhall have for the innfflg and maintaining of the grounds furrounded, tap parts thereof.

Of whom the two pant lhall be holden. The two parts lhall be difcharg-ed of tithes during feven years. A provifion for the owners, if the grounds drained lhall be again furrounded. The undertaken lhall not drain through other's grounds otherwise than they may do by the law.

?4	4***

tift	Anno	Ibptimo	Jacobi.	c.i,	[1609.

Anno Regni Jacobi Regis Anglia, Scotia, Francia, & Hibernia, viz. Anglia,	£?

■ Hibernia	feptimo,et Scotia	terr

tio,

'AT the fourth fejfeon of parliament begun and holden by Sx. prorogation at Weftminfter the ninth day of February 1609.	in the feventh year of the reign of our	gracious

• fovereign lord James, by the grace of God, of England, 'France and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, and 'of Scotland the three and fortieth: and there continued until the three and twentieth July: (and then prorogued 'until the fifteenth day of October next following, 1610.) To the high pleofure of Almighty God, and to the weal pub-lick of this realm, were	en as follovctb.

CAP. I.

An all for the better execution of jufiice, and of criminal offenders in the north parts of the kingdom of England. “

mere?nEng. XT 7’HERpAS in a Mute made in the	of this

have his trial	» * fent parliament, intituled. An act for the utter abolition of

that commit- all memory of hostility, and the dependancies thereof, between teth felony in England and Sfttland, and fQr thje reprefling of occasions of dif-Scotland. cords and dijorders in time to come, it was amongfe other things 4 jac. 1. c. y.	enalled,That	ntnatural-born fubjeft of England, or

the dominions of the fame,	Jho for any high treason, or.

concealment of high treason, petty treason, or any other wbatfoever offence or coufe committed within Scotland, be ffnt out ofEngland when be is apprehended, to receive his trial, until time as both realms jhould be made ot\e in Jaws and government, which is the thing fo much defered,as that wherein the full perfection of the bleffed union already begun in his Majejlfs royal petfon

II. Since the mating of which Jlatute, although thofe parts of the kingdom of England, adjoining and lying near unto the realm and kingdom of Scotland, have been and are by his Majefey’s inceffant tare and princely policy, reduced to mere civil and peaceable eftate than could in Jhort (	imehave been expelled or hoped for: (2) yet experience

. teacbeth, that malefallors of either realm having committed their offences in the other realm, do forthwith fly and cape into their own ‘country, thereby to purchafe their impunity, to the great and mani-fefegrievance of the one realm, and the dijhonour of the other: by means whereof very many great and heinous offences fence the making of the	fetid featutehave been and are feill likely to be committed with-

out condign punijhment> (3) for that fence the making of the faidfea-- '	•	‘	'	1	tute.

s6o9<]	Amo septimo Jacobi. c.i."

tutiy there hath net been any one offender committing any the offences aforesaid in Scotland, that hath been pro/ecuted to bis trial, judgment or execution in England, by reafon or upon any the branches, laws or ordinances in the said Jlatute mentioned or contained: (4) whereby it manifejlly appeareth, that the said clanfe in the said Jlatute contained, and More in this prefent aft exprefly mentioned, concerning the not fending out {/"England any natural-born fubjeft of this realm or the dominions of the fame, for any whatfoever offence committed within the realm {/ Scotland, to receive his trial for any the said offences, hath not brought forth that good effeft as was hoped for, and by the said law intended, to the great prejudice and dijbonowr of both realms:

III.	For the preventing of which apparent and too manifeft jnifchief and inconvenience, be it enacted, and by the authority of this present parliament elUbliftied, That it at any time or times after the end of this prefent lefllon of parliament, any person or persons shall commit any offence or offences ‘within the realm of Scotland, which by the laws of this realm of England is, are or shall be declared or adjudged to be petty treason, murder, manilaughter, felonious burning of houses and corn, burglary, robbing of houses by day, robbery, theft or rape, and do or shall fly or efcape into tne realm of Eng-land, and be or shall be apprehended within any the counties of Northumberland^ Cumberland, IVeflmerland, or any parts or members of the fame, or within tne parts or places lying on the north-fide of the river of Tine, commonly called jor known by the names of Bedlinton/bire, Norhamjhtre and JJlandJbire, the town and county of Newcaftle upon Tine, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, with the bounds and liberties thereof; that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices of affize, or any one of them in the absence of the other, the justices of gaol-delivery at their gaol-delivery, or any four of them, or the justices of peace in their general or quarter-feffions, or any four of them, upon due ?nd mature examination of the laid offence or offences in open feflions, and pregnant proofs of the fame, \>y warrant under their hands and feats, to demand and fend all and every such offender and offenders into the realm of Scotland, there tb receive their trial for any the offences aforesaid by them there committed; any thing in the said statute contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IV.	This law to continue to the end of the first feffion of the next parliament.

V.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it ena<fted by the authority N aforesaid, That this ftatute, nor any claufe therein contained,*

"frail take effect or be in force, or in any wife be deemed or expounded to take effedfc, to any intent, conftru&ion or pur-pbfe, until a law by a£t of parliament be made and eftabli(hed yvithin the realm of Scotland, for the remanding and fending /but of the realm of Scotland into the realm of England, all and every person and persons born within the realm of Scot-

land*

*'7

If an Englift'' man shallcon* mit fekniy in Scotland, and then dy into England, the.

fender into Scotland to be tried.

Continuance of this ftatute.

A like a& to be made 141 Scotland. \

ft iff	Anno	ftptkno Jacobi: e.4,5.	[1669;

land, atthe dominions of the fame* which ‘fluH	thnc

.hereafter commit any the offences aferefaid within the realm of England, to recetv* his or (heir trial in the rcaJmof£bgw Emit for all and every the find offences by them committed in the said malm of England, 3 Car, 1.1, 4. Continueduntil the and ef the firji	feffituaftkenext parliament, and farther eontmiedby

;*6 Car.i.«. 4. > ■ -

cap. n.

,/f» n # /£<»/ a//	fuchas are to be naturalized, or raftered in

■ blood, Jball first receive the facrament ef the Lard’s fttpper, and the oath of allegiance and the oath of fnpremacy.

Whet they IT'ORASMUCH as the naturalizing of	,	and reftering

than be booud^T to blood ptrfmsattainted, have been reputed nutters of onto who (half nitre grace and favour, which are not fit to be bellowed upon bthrrs or raftered in fads as are of the religion now tfiablijbcd in this retm'i (2) Weed, be it therefore enadtcd by the King’s moft excellent rijijdfty,

• the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this . present parliament aflembled, That no person or persons of what quality, condition or place foever, being of the age of --	••	eighteen years or above, shall be naturalized or ieffored in

blood, unlefs the said person or persons have received the fa-crament of the Lord’s flipper within one month next before any bill exhibited for that purpose, and also fhaH take the oath of fopretnacy, and the oath of allegiance, in the parliament-houfe, before his or her bill be twice read: (3) and for the better effecting of the premises, be it further  enacted by the authority aforesaid, that the lord chancellor of England, or lord keeper of the great feal for the time being, if the bill begin in die upper houle, and the fpeaker of the commons houfc of parliament for the time being, if the bill begin there, fhalt nave authority at all times during the felfion of parliament, to minifter such oath and oaths, and to such person and When this aft persons, as by the true intent of this statute is to be miniftred. ftaU take This a£l to take place from and after the end of this prefent *’uc*' feflion of parliament.

CAP. III.

dht aU for the continuing and better maintenance of dry and other manual occupations, by the true implement of monies given and to be given for the binding out of apprentices.

How money ‘C'ORASMUCH as the true labour and exercife of husbandry, and given for JO the bringing up of apprentices of both foxes in trades KndinA®f mud occupations, art things very profitable in the commonwealth, and {^occupation* acceptable and pltafing unto Almighty God, there being already great Shall be bo- fums of money freely given, and mere in time to come like to be given, flowed. by divers well-difpofea persons, unto the corporations of divers cities, boroughs, towns corporate, and unto divers persons in Jundry towns not corporate^ andparijhes v/ukinthis realm tf_ England, to be

• all»

i6«9']	Anno	feptiroo Jacobi, 0.3.	2	if

aUy imploytd m the binding vitas apprtniicts, of a gnat	of

tht poarefi fort of children unto	needful trades too

experience whereof bath brought forth very gnat profit and commodity .unto thoft cities, towns and panAes where any parts cf	monies have been ft given and	impuyed, and fo no doubt there will con-

Jequentty enfue tier oof the exceeding good of the commonwealth in general: (2) andfor that the mtfi part of the poorer forts of children,

•would (as heretofore') without fifth good cere and affiflante be brought up in	idlenefs,and difortfered kinds of life, to thetr utter overthrew,

and to the great	prejudice of the whole co(3) for

.that it is very likely that many other well-difpofed people will be tie better	encouraged, willingly to follow tie tine good example in befiow-

Jng	alfo good jams of menus to the fame good and godly purposes, if it

might be fo provided, that fucb monies as have been already fo freely given,or as	hereafter JbdUhe given, for the binding out of fiuo poor

children apprentices, may continually hereafter remain, and be employed accordingly,

^ II. Be It therefore cna&ed by the Ring’s mod excellent mv How money lefty, the lord* fpiritusd and temporal,. end the commons, in ** this present parliament aftembled, and by the authority of thepjjwdKldrai fame. That all fums of money fo freely given at any time withr spprauicM

in three years last paft, or hereafter to be given by any person fluU bn perfons,. to be continually imployed for the binding out of ap-prentices as aforesaid, shall for ever from henceforth continue v"9a* and be from time to time ufed and employed to foch ufes, indents and purposes only, and by such persons, and in such manr- . ner and form as shall be hereafter by this prefent a<ft fpecified and declared, except the fame have been or shall be otherwifp ordered or difpofed by the givers thereof; that is to fay, (a) that all corporations of all cities, boroughs and towns corporate, by what name or names foever they mall be known or incorporated, and in towns and parifhes not incorporate, the parfoa or vicar of every such town or parifh, together with the confta-ble or conftables, the churchwarden or churchwardens, collectors, and the overfeers for the poor for the time being, or the molt part of them, where any such ium or (urns of money are already given, or shall be hereafter given, to be fo imployed, shall from time to time within the faia several cities, boroughs, towns and parifhes refpeCtively, have the nomination and placing of such apprentices, and tne guiding and imployment of all such monies as have been heretofore fo given, or which hereafter shall be given, to and for the continual binding forth of such and fo many apprentices, and in such fort as is already, or shall hereafter be fo given and appointed, either by the last will and teftament, or by any writing or writings under the bands and feals of any person or persons which hath already, or hereafter shall fo give any fum or fums of monies unto the good and godly purposes and intents aforelaid: (3) and if the corporation Tbeforfeftm* of any such cities, boroughs or towns corporate, by what name thofe who or names foever they shall be called or incorporated, or any the ^'yet'refSe perfop or persons ip the other towns and parifoe* above men- to employ the

poped, mousy.

324>	Anmyfcptimo Jacobi, c.3.	*[1609:

4ioned, appointed by this aft to -have continually the guiding -and impioyment of such fums pf monies fo already given, or hereafter to be given, to the interns and purposes aforesaid, fhaH at any time hereafter wilfully forbear or refute, according to their duties in this behalf, to iinploy ftich fuiqs of money fo given or to be given as aforesaid, for the binding out of such apprentices, by means of which wilful forbearance or refilling, the said money shall not be imployed accordingly; that then they and every of thepi fo offending contrary to this act, shall forfeit for every such offence, the fum of three pounds ftx shillings and eight pence lawful English money; the one half thereof to *be given to the poor of the town or parifti where such fault or ^offence shall be done or committed; the other moiety to the 'party that shall foe for the fame; (4) and that every man thft will, may and shall be admitted to foe for the fame ipoie-ty, for* the ufe and benefit of. the said poor, and shall be aifb admitted, to foe for the forfeiture, of the other moiety, many of the King’s majesty’s courts of record, to his own benefit and behoof, by aftioit of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no proteftion, wager of law or cflbin shall be admitted or allowed.

party III. And for that all monies fo given may the better conti-* k Sk receiv* nue to and for the purposes aforesaid, be it enacted by the au-aforefaid, That the mafter, miftrefs or dame of every with furtties *fi»ch apprentice or apprentices that shall receive any such fum fo repay it. t>r fums of money as aforesaid, shall become bound with one or two fofficient lureties, by bpnd pr obligation in double the fum which they and every of them shall fo receive with such apprentice or apprentices as aforesaid, unto the corporation of «any such city or town corporate, by what name or names foever they shall be called or incorporated, or to such person or •perfons in the other towns ana pari files not incorporated, appointed by this aft to have continually the guiding and impioyment of all such fums of money fo already given or 4ierearter to be given, to the intents and purposes aforesaid refpeftively, upon condition to repay such fum or fums of money, as he or (he shall fo receive with any such apprentice or apprentices, at the end of (even years next enfuing the date of the said obligation, or within three mqnths next tfter the end of the said feven years: (2) and if such apprentice shall * happen to die within the said fpace of feven years, then within one year after his or her said death; (3) and if the mailer, miftrefs or dame, to whom any such apprentice or apprentices shall be bound, shall happen to die within the said fpace of feven years, then within one year next after his or her said death; (4) fo as the said monies may be again imployed for placing such apprentice with fome other person of the fame trade, to ferve out the refidue of the years of his or her former apprenticelhip, by the diferetion of the said persons trulled as aforesaid.

\Vithift wtefc IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

........	§	'	■	Tfett

1609.]	ibint^feptimo	Jacobi.	©.3;	mi

Thaievtry fbcb fum or fums of money fo given or to be given	thcrao^

in manner and fonhi and to and for the good ufes and intents	'

aforefaid, shall always be put forth and imployed by the par-p *	;

ties aforesaid, that by this ad lhall have the difpofing and	,]

imployment thereof, within three months at the furtheft, after luch money shall come to the hands of the said parties, that by the intent and true meaning of this aft ought to diipafe and imploy the fame; (2) and if at such times A pfovifion if there shall not be found fit and apt persons to be bound out ap-prentices as aforesaid, within the said cities, towns and pa-	|q

ri flies where such fums of money are or hereafter shall be be app-eati* given to be imployed as afore is declared) then such of theces, pooreft children of any of the parifhes next adjoining shall be bound apprentices in manner as aforesaid, as by the care and good dtferetions of the parties which by this aft have the dif-poling and imployment of the said fums of money in the cities, towns and parifhes where it was first given to be imployed, (hau be thought fit and convenient, taking such bonds and obligations of the persons that shall receive the said fums of money fo put forth, and with such fiireties, and upon such conditions, as is above mentioned and declared*

V.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a- What fort of forefaid, That choice from time to time be made of the pooreft persons shall forts of children of every such city, town and parilh, where bc aPPrenti-fuch monies lhall be fo given, and whofe parents are leaftccf‘

able to relieve them : (2) and that no such apprentice lhall be above the age of fifteen years when he or Ine lhall be.fo first bound out an apprentice.

VI.	And for the better execution of this act, be it further Account shall

enadted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every perfon	of	»

and persons appointed by this aft to have the imploying and employed^ difpofing of any fum or fums of money fo given or to be

given as aforesaid, within any town or parilh not corporate, mall after the end of this prefent fefiion of parliament, once every year in the Eafier week, or within one month next after Eafter	v

day, make a true and perfeft account before four, three, or .two justices of the peace, dwelling in or next to every of the laid towns or parifhes, of all such fum and fums or money as they or any of them have imployed in binding of apprentices, oy virtue of this act, and of all bonds and obligations taken for tne payment thereof, and also of all such fums of money a* then shall happen to be remaining in their hands not imployed: (2) and also lhall at the making and yielding up of the said account, or within ten days then next following, yield and deliver up unto such as lhall happen next to fuc-ceed them, or then to be in the said rooms and places, all such obligations and bonds as by them or any of them have been before that time taken to the ufes aforesaid; as also all	„

fums of money remaining in their or any of their hands to be imployed as aforesaid, ana not implayed at the time of the yielding up of the laid account.

VII. And

kit	Artnofcptimo	JACOB!]	[1669"

A remedy	VH» -And further be it enaAed by the autforityaforefaid,

MffrwLt! That if any of the parties appointed and trufted by this aVft fcSvbieak the toHave the dftpofing and impbyraeat of any of the Aid fmns of truft, or con*- money fo gi^en or to be given as aforeAia; shall in any point mit anyof- ordegree break- the truft and confidence in them in tins behalf *ence* repofod, or shall commit any other tnifdemeanor or offence in mffimploying of the (aid Aims of money, or any part there* of, or in doing any other aft or a As contrary to their duties, and the true intent and meaning of this act, for which there is not by this a<5t any penalty given or appointed, then Hr shall and may be lawful for any person or perions whatsoever, in the behalf of the poor of Rich city, - borough or pariftt, td exhibit his petition to the lord chancellor or lord keejfer of the great feal of England for the time being, touching the fame: which lord chancellor or bid keeper or the great feal of England for the time bang, shall thereupon have nil! power and authority to award a conunftifion out of the high court of chancery, under the great feal of England, to such and fo many perions as his iordmip (haH think meet, to enquire, hear and determine the iud offences; and every of them: (a) and if the Aid com-sniifionen or the ipqft part- of-them shall find, that any Aim or (urns of money'fo riven or -to-be given, an loft, impaired, wafted or dtminifhed, then they or the moft part of them shall likewise have power, by virtue of this aft and of thtSr Aid commHfion, to rate, raife and colleft the said font of money fo loft, impaired, wafted or' dimini(hed, upon such person Or persons in places not incorporate, as by this aft are appointed to .. .	hgve	the, guiding and ordering of the said monies, if they or

airy of them have Ailed in their (aid duties in that behalf, or otherwise upon the able inhabitants of such city, town or pa-ri(h, where the Ame (hail fo happen, as in the diicretion of the Aid commiflioners or the greateft part bf them shall be thought -fitted, and to return the1 Aid eommiffion and the manner of the execution thereof, into the Aid high court of chancery within Ac remedy for three months next after the-execution thereof: (3) and if any any party pfcrfon or perions shall find himfelf grieved by any thing done jpieved by the Aid commiflioners, then upon complaint thereof made in the high court of chancery; the said lord chancellor or lord keeper for the time being, shall have All power and authority to order and decree the lame, as to his lordfhip shall be thought moft fit to Hand with equity and good confdence.

CAP. IV.

An alt for the due execution of divers laws and Jlatutes	-

toforemade againjl	rogu, vagabonds and fiurdj

and other lewd and idle perfons.

wEbe. 4&$.‘TTTHEREAS heretofore divers good and	and

i*eall!u fl»alir" Jlatutes have been made and provided for the	of	houfes

be provided t	*feorretfion, for the fuppreffing	vagabonds

and the go-	and ether	idle%vagrant and persons j which laws have not

wrought

the commu-tfoncr*.

l6oo.]	Anno	ftptimo JaCoBI. C.4I	423

wrmghtfi	geei efftR asivas expefted, as mO	that the vermnrat of

ef tomfiim have mt been built aster ding'as was	as

for that the foodfoafutes have net been duly andfewrefy pvt in exe- *	' ** *

cution, as bp the fad Jiatuttswere appointed: (a) for remedy whereof, be it enabled and eftabKlhed by our fovereign lord tho King’s majesty, and by the lord* fpiritual and temporal, and by the commons) in this present parliament aflembied, and by the author rity of the lame, That all laws andftatutcs new in force, made for theeredtiogand building of houfes»fCorrection, and for puniihing of rogues, vagabonds, and other 'wandring-and idle persons, ihall be put in due execution.

II.	And be it further enacted and eftablMhed by the autho-rity aforesaid. That before the feaft of Saint Michael the arch-	„	_

angel, which shall be in the year of our Lord Cod one thousand provided in " fix hundred and eleven, there shall be eredled, built or other-every fhire wife provided, within every county of this realm of England and	'‘“le P"-	•

Wales, where there is not one houfeof torredbon already builtj , purchafed, provided or continued, one or more fit and conve- 19	’	**

nient houfe or houses of corre&ion, with convenient backfidd thereunto adjoining, together with- mills, turns, cards and fuck like necefiary implements, to fet the find rogues or such other idle persons on work j the fame houses to be built, eredled of provided in feme convenient place or town in every County :

(2)	which houses shall be purchafed, conveyed or aflured unto such person or persons as by the jiiflkes of peace or (he more part <?f them, in their quarter feffions of the peace to1 be holderi within every county of this realm of England and , upori truft, to the intent the fame shall be ufed and imployed for the keeping, corredting and fetting to work of the said rogues, vagabonds, (lurdy beggars and other idle and diforderly perfons.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. The forfeiture That if the said houfe (b to be eredled, purchafed or provided; of every juf-(hall not be eredled, built or otherwile provided before the

feaft of Saint Michael the archangel, which shall be in the of correction ~ year one thoufend fix hundred and eleven next enfuing the last be not proday of this prefent feffion 'of parliament. That then every vided. juftice of peace within every county of this realm of England and Wales, where such houfe and backfide shall not be eredled or provided, shall forfeit for his said negledl, five pounds of lawful English money; (2) the one moiety thereof to be unto him or them that will fue for the fame by adlion of debt, bill, plaint or information; in which' fuit no protedlion, efloin or wager of law shall be admitted; and the other moiety thereof to be employed and beftowed towards the eredling, building^ procuring or providing the said houfe and backfide, and such neceflary implements as aforesaid.

IV.	And be it further enadled and eftablifhed by the author A governor rity aforesaid. That the iuftices of peace of every county with- torn be spin the realm of England and Wales, at their quarter feffions ofP**”*”1

of correction ami his authority.

Therdgtie*

fliaft hot be Chargeable t6 the country.

General privy fearch shall be made in every hundred, town, &c.

IXtftaltd by is Annx, (tat. 2 c. 13. f.2t.

Theconftables account of vagabonds apprehended.

Anno fcptkno ^acwK. c.4.'*	{1609;

the peace to be holden for their fevetal counties ifter the erecting, providing or building of the Aid houfe-or-ho\ifes, and fo from time to time) or the moft part of them,-	no-

minate and appoint at their will and pleafure, one et wfore ho-ntft fit person or persons, to be governor or matter <xf ^e said fioufe or houses to to be purchased, ereCted, built or provided \

(2)	which person and persons to chofen by virtue of title preterit adt, shall have power and authority to fet such rogues, vagabonds, idle and diferderly persons, as shall* be brought or font unto the Aid houfe, to work and labour (being able) from time to time, for such time as they shall continue and be remaining in the said houfe of correction, and to punflh the Aid rogues, vagabonds, idle and diforderly persons, by putting fetters or gives upon them, and by moderate whipping of (hem: (3} and that the Aid rogues, vagabonds and idle persons, during such time as they shall continue and remain in the (aid houfeof correction, shall in no fort be chargeable to the country for any allowance, either at their bringing in or going forth, or during the time of their abode there, but shall nave such and fo much allowance as they shall deferve by their own labour and work.

V.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforeAki, That the Aid iuftices of peace of every county, within every of their several oivifions, twice in every year at the lead, and eftner if there be occafion, shall aflemble and meet together for the bfct^ ter execution of this statute $ and that fome four or five days be* fore their aflembly and meeting, the Aid justices or the more part of them shall by their warrant command the conftables and tithingmen of every hundred, town, j>ari(h, village and hamlet, within their Aid several diviftons, which shall be aflifted with fufficlent men of the Ame places, to make a general privy fearch in one night within their Aid hundreds, towns, villages and hamlets, few the finding out and apprehending of the Aid rogues, vagabonds, wandring and idle persons ; (2) and that such rogues; vagabonds, wandring and idle perfons,* as they shall then find and apprehend in the Aid fearch, shall by them be brought before the said justices at their Aid aflembly or meeting, there to be examined of their idle and wandring life, there to be punifh-ed, or otherwise by their warrant to be fent or conveyed unto the said houfe or houses of correction within the said county appointed and prefixed there, to be delivered to the matter or governor of the said houfe, or to his deputy or aflignee, to be (et to labour and work: (3) at which days and times ef aflembly and meeting fo to be held by the said justices of peace, the conftables and tithingmen of every hundred, parifh, town, village and hamlet, shall then appear in every their several diviftons, before the Aid justices of peace, at the said aflemblies or meetings, and there shall give account and reckoning upon oath in writing, and under the hand of the miniftcr of every parilh, what rogues, vagabonds and wandring and diforderly persons they have apprehended, both in the Ame fearch, and also between every such aflemblies and meetings, and how many have

been

1609.]	Aaao	fepcimo Jacobi, c.4.	225

been by them punifoed or ocherwife Cent unto the houses of cor* rcdion: which if the feid conftabies or tithing-men shall neg-led to perform, as also to convey fafdy all foch rogues, with all -other idle and difondcriy perfora, at the charge of the hundred, as by the juffiees of peace their warrants shall be fent unto the houses of correction in die fame county; that then they shall forfeit foch further fines, pains and penalties, as by the (aid jufttces of peace or the moft part of them shall be thought fit and convenient, not exceeding the fum of forty shillings for eve* ry offence.

VI.	And for that it is convenient that the mafters or governors of The gover-the said houses of correction jbouidhave feme fit allowance and main- nor’* allow-tenance for their travel and care to be bad in the said fervice, as also and * for the relieving of fiuh as JhaR happen to be weak and feck in their maiaftasnssr cujhdys and that the jubjefts of tins realm jbouid in no fort be over-

ebargody to raifo up money for flocks to Jet fiuh on work as Jball bo committed to their cujlody\ (2) be it therefore enaCted and eftab* lifted by the authority of this present parliament. That the ma« fters or governors of the said houses of correction, shall have such fums of money yearly, as shall be thought meet by the mod part of the juftice* ot peace within the said county at the quarter-feb fions of the peace, the feme to be paid quarterly before-hand by the treahirers appointed by one a& made in the three and for* 43El®. «.#♦ tieth year of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act for the relief of the poor, during the time they the said mafters and governors shall be imployed in the said fervice, (the said mafter or governor giving iumcient fecurity for the continuance and per* forxnance of the find fervice) (3) which if the said treafurer shall negled or refufe to perform. That then the said mafter or governor of the houfe of correction shall have authority by this	..	>

prefent aCt to levy the fame, or fo much thereof as shall be Unpaid, upon the feid treafurer’s account, in such manner and form as by the said statute they the feid treafurers are appointed and authorifed to levy the weekly (urn or payment being to them unpaid.

VII.	And becaufo great charge arifoth upon many places within this The pimirti-realm by reafon of bajlardyy befides the great dijbonour of Almighty mcnt ot Go<L> be it therefore enaCted by the authority aforesaid. That eve-

ry lewd Woman, which after this prefent feffion of parliament l8 Cm # (nail have any baftard which may be Chargeable to the parifh, * Bulftr. 34.8. the justices ot peace shall commit such lewd woman to the houfe 3 Car. 1. c. 4. of correction, there to be punifted and fet on work, during the 1§l*' term of one whole year ; (2) and if (he shall eftfoons offend a-gain. That then to be con.mitted to the feid houfe of correction as aforefeid, and there to remain until (he can put in good fure-ties for her good behaviour, not to offend fo again.

VIII.	And for that mam wilful people finding that they having . children, have feme hope to have relief from the parijh wherein they dwell, and being able to labour, and thereby to relieve themfolves arid

theirfamilies^ do neverthelefi run away out of their parijbes^and leave a remedy for their families upon the parijh \ (2) for remedy whereof, be it fur-* them that run Vot. VII,	ther

226	Anno feptitno jACOBl.C*5.	[1609.

away, and ther cnadted by this present parliament^ and ftteamboritv of, the

children to the kme, That allfuch perfoos fo running away thall be taken and charge of the deemed to be incorrigible rogues, and endure the pain of incpr-parim. rigible rogues: (3) and if either such man or woman bong able 5 Geo. 1. c.l to work, and dull threaten to run away and leave their randies as afore (aid, the fame being proved by two diffident witnefles upon oath, before two juflSces of peace in that divifion; that then the (aid peribns (b threatning shall by the (aid justices of peace be fent to the boufes of cotredtion, (uoAefs he or ihe can put in fufficient fureties for the difeharge of the parifh) there to be dealt with and detained as a fturdy and wandring rogue, and to be delivered at the said aflembly or meeting, or at the quae* ter-feffions, and not otherwise.

XL And	heeaufe there /ballbe the more cart taken by all fuch

givefieri of the	haujesof correction that when the country bath been at

gOVffo

(hall gi

The

nors

account to th^trouble and charge to bring allfuch perfont com-	,^wr faf*	keeping*that then they perform their dutiet in that

mitted to their behalf* (2) be it therefore enacted by the authority afbretaid, cuftody.	That if they shall not every quarter-fduans yield a true and law-

fid account unto the justices of peace of all such peribns as have been committed to their cuftody, or if the laid persons committed to their cuftody, or any of them, shall be troublefbme unto the country, by going abroad,, or otherwise shall efcape away from the Cud home of corre&ioa before they shall be from thence lawfully delivered *, that then the said justices shall fet down such fines and penalties upon the laid mafter and governors, as .the moft part of them in their quarter-feJfions shall think fit and convenient ; ( 3) and all fines and penalties not herein before limited shall be paid unto the treafurer, and accounted for by the trea-The conrinu- ^urer aforcfaid. (4) This a<5t to have continuance for the fpace ance of this of feven years, and from thence to the end of the next feffion of ad.	parliament	after	the	faid feven years- jGjm. 4. Continued un-

til the end of the firfi feffion of the next parliament* and farther continued by 16 Car.i. r. 4.

CAP V,

An aB for eafe in pleading	and contentious fuits

profecuted againfijuftices of the peace, mayors* conftables and certain other bis M for the lawful execution of their office.

The plea of an T^' O R eafe in pleading again ft many eaufelefs and contentious jails °leadedf1~th	which	have been* and daily are commenced and

executionof *	juftices of peace* mayors or bailiffs of cities and towns corporate* head-

hit office.	boroughs*	port-reves* conftables*	of fubfidits and

Cro.Car.175, fifteens* who for due execution of their office haw been troubled and V* u if7* molefied* and ftill are like to be troubled and moleftei* by evil-difpofed Mt“M* *X** contentious perfons* to their great charge and	in	doing

of their offices : (2) be it therefore enacted by qur foyereign lord the King, and by the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aficmbled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any adtion, bill, plaint or fuit, upon

upon

1609.]	Anno septimo Jacobi. c<6.	z/17

upon the cafe, ttWpafi, battery or falfe itnprifonfflcBt, Aa)l be brought afterfortydays next after the end of this feffion of par* liament, m ariy of bis Majesty’s courts at	or e)fe«

where, against any jufttoe of peace, mayor or bailiff of city or tonm corporate, headhorough,poct-Deve, eonftahle, tithiugman, collector of fiibfidy or fifteens, for or concerning any matter, oaufe or thing, by-them or any of them'done by virtue or <rea> fbn of their or any of their office or offices. That it shall be law- 1 Roll. 174. ful to and for every such joffice of peace, mayor, bailiff,- can- Moor 84$. ft able or other officer or officers before named, and ah others1 Mod'l8+* which m their aid er affiftance, or by thor commandment, fhail . do atxy thing touching of concerning his dr their office er offices, to plead tbe general ifibe, that he or they are not guilty, (3) and to give fech (pedal matter in evidence to tbe jury which. ihali try the feme, which fpecial matter being pleaded had been a good and fhfficiem matter in law to have difcharged the bid. defendant -or defendants of the trelphfs, or other matter laid to his oc their charge: (4.) and that if the verdid shall pafsiwitfa the. said Tbe defen-, j defendant or defendants in any, such aftion, or the -plaintiff or plaintiffs therein become nonfoit, or fuffer a by difcontimiatioe ^ eco °* thereof, That in every such cafe the juffioes or jufiice, eb lucb 3 Bulftr. 77. ether judge before-wnom-tHefeid matter fhal) be tried,. ihaJLby force and virtue of this ad allow unto the defendant or idefien-dants his or their double cofts, which he. or they , fhail. have fuftained by reafon of their wrongful vexation un defence of the said a&ion or fuit; (5)for which the faid. defendant or defendants fhaft have like remedy, as in other cafes where coftsuby the haws of this realm are given to the defendants. (6) And this a£t to Continue for feven-years, and from thence to the-end of Continuance the next parliament after the said feven years. ftaiuu of this »&. larged,and made perpetual. 21	Jac. 1.	c.1but fee 21 'Join. r.o8»

which	only	continues	it to the end of the firflfeffim of the next pars-

liament.	i> '.

CAP. VI.

An aB for	adminiftring tbe oath of'allegiance, and reformation

of married women recufants.	*

WHEREAS by a Jlatute made in the'third year of pour Maje- j jac. f>

fly's	reign, intituled. An ad for the better diuxwering and Who shall take

repr effing of popiffi recufents, tbe farm of an oath to be Mmflred^e oxh of and given to certain persons in the fame aB mentioned is limited	theK*nC* and

preferred,, tending only to the declaration offuch duty as every true and by whom’it well-afftBed fubjefi, not only by bond of ’allegiance, but also by tbe shall be mini-commandment of Almighty God, ought to bear to your Majefly, your (bed. and heirs and fucceffbrs : (2) ten	bub oath fucb as are infefied with popijb ^j)m what

Juperflition do oppugne with many falfe and unfound arguments, the, Buiftnioe, juft defence whereofyour Adajefly hath heretofore undertaken and worthily	performed,to the great contentment of all your loving fubjtfts,

notwitbftanding	tbe gain-flyings of contentious adverfaries. .

II. And to flaw how greatly your loyalfubjtfls do approve the fald^ffP E"** oath ; They proftnue thcmfelves at your Majesty’s feet, belcech- of eighteen ^

0,2	ing

228	Anno	fcptimo	Jacobi, jc.6.	[2609.

years toran lTk% ymt Mkjcfty that the fame oath may . be adminiftred to all take th ath your	:	to which end we with all huxnblenefs befeech

of obedience. Your Highnefs that it may be ena&ed, (2) and be it enacted, ny the authority of this prelent parliament. That all and every person and persons, as well ecdefiaftical as temporal, of what eftate, dignity, preheminence, lex, quality or degree foevcr, he, (he or they be, or lhall be, above the age of eighteen years, being hereafter in tips .ad mentioned and intended, lhall make, take and receive a corporal oath upon the evangelifU, according to the tenor and eficdt of the laid oath fet forth in; theiaid fbre-Before whom mentioned ftatute, before such person or peribns as hereafter in ftth person this adt is exprefled: that is to fay, (3) all and every archhi-oath/5 thC ^°P an<* bifhop that now is or hereaiter shall bc^ before the 3 Jac.i. c.4. lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great feal for the time being.

Archbifliops HI. And all and every ecdefiaftical judge, officer and mini-and bifhops, fter, of whgt eftate, dignity, preheminence or degree foever he ecdefiaftical or they be or shall be, before the archbilhop of the province, ^K^»d or bilhop, or other ordinary of the diocefe tor the time being, *** wherein fitch ecdefiaftical judge, officer or minifter ought to ex-erdfe his said office, place or function.

* A baron or IV. And all and every person and persons of or above the de-baronefs, or a- gree of a baron of parliament, or baronefs of this your Highneis bove that de- realm of England* and all of your Highnefs privy council refid-f-.P-y ing in London or tVeftmnfUr, or within thirty miles thereof, and andprefidents. t*lc prefidents of JVales and die north parts, before any four of your Highneis privy council, whereof the lord chancellor, lord treafurer, lord privy feal or. principal fecretaryfor the time being, to be one: (2) and if such person or persons live and re-fide in the country, diftant above thirty miles from London^ then before the lord bifhop of the diocefe, or such other person or persons as the lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great feal for the time being lhall thereto by writ of dtdimus p&tfflatem authorize.	•

The (Worn fer-	V. And all and every the fwom fervants, ordinary .and ex-

vants of the traordinary, of your Highnefs, the Queen’s grace, or of the King, the houfhold of the prince of JVakSj and of the reft of your High-yuecn,rnnc , children, before the lord fteward, the lord chamberlains and vice-chamberlains to your Highnefs and the Queen, the treafurer and comptroller of your Highnefs houfhold, the matter of your Highnefs horfe, the dean of the chapel, and the knight-marfhal for the. time being, the officers of the tjreto-cloth, or any three of them.	.	•

Judges, mini- VI. All and every temporal judge, justices of peace, (he-iters of juft ice, riffs, efeheators, feodaries, and other officers and minifters of revive th?° Ju^cc *n Prcfent not fpecially mentioned, and every King's fee. other person or persons that doth or lhall receive any fee of your Highnefs, your heirs and fuoceffors, before the lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great feal, lord treafurer, lord admiral, lord warden of the five ports, for the time being, or one of them, or before one of the chief justices of either of your Majesty’s bench,

or

1-609.] Anno septimo Jacobi, c .6.229

or of the common pleas, or before die justices of affize of the fame county where the parties reside, or cither such persons as the lord chanceUdr or keeper of the &id great feal dial! thereunto authorize.

VII.	And all mayors, bailiffs or other chief officers of cities

and towns corporate, by what name foever they be called OT to«wucorpL known, before such person or persons as ufually adminifter the rate, oath to them at their first entrance into their laid offices.

VIII.	And all and every the knights, citizens, burgefles and Knights, riti-barons of the five ports of the commons houfe of pariiament, at

any pariiament or Teffion of parfiamoit hereafter to be aflembled, the pari^* °* before he or they ihall be permitted to enter into the said houfe, meat, before the lord Reward for the time being, or his deputy or deputies: (2) and the mafter of the ordnance, lieutenant of the The mafter of Sower of London, and mint-mafter there, the four principal of- the ordnance, fleers of your navy under the lord admiral, before the lord chan-	r.

cellor or lord keeper of the great feal, and the lord admiral for 1	*

the time being, or any of them.

IX.	And all the omcersj minifters, fervants and others, with- Officer* and

in yonr (aid tower'of London, before the lieutenant of the ^rvanta in.the tower.	tewer'

X.	And all the vice-admirals, captains, mailers, officers, officer* and minifters and foldiers in your Highnefs (hips, or any of them, foklter* in before the laid four principal officers of your navy, or any. two &■!***

of them.

XI.	And all persons having charge of caftles, fortrefles, block- Captain* of houses or garrifons, and all captains who shall have charge of foldiers, within this your Highnefs realm, before the justices of dwr>’ affize of die lame county, or before two justices of die peace of

the fame county, city or liberty, where the fame caftles, fortrefles or block-homes fhaU fund, or the charge of foldiers shall be.

XII.	All do&ors, advocates and prodors of the civil law, Dolton, ad-

and their clerks, before die bilhop of the diocefe where they T0C£** shall for the moft part dwell or refide.	1*•

XIII.	And all and every person or persons temporal that here- sueneflivety, after shall fue-livery or tufttr It main out of the hands of your

. Highnefs, your heirs or fuccefTors, before his or their oufter mam feed forth and allowed, before the mafter of the wards and liveries, or before the forveyor arid attorney of your Highnefs said court, in open court.

XIV.	All tbe feijeants at law, fervants to the judges in your Serjeants at Highnefs courts at Weftminftert and all other in the feijeants *•*•"» •n<* inns, before the chief juftice of your Majesty’s bench, the chief *j££d®**fer' juftice of the common pleas, and the chief baron of your exchequer, or fome or one of them.

Xy. All your Highnefs fubje&s in the inns of court, or that Gentlemen of hereafter shall fce admitted thereunto, and the principals and courtyard treaforers of every inn of chancery, before the readers and bench- principals of ers of the several houses whereto they belong, or four of them the inns of at the leaft, in their opep halls.	chancery,

0,3	XVI,	AH

All of the inns of chancery.

Frothonota-ries, officers* attornies, clerks, &c.

Clerks and officers of the chancery.

Parfons, vicars, curates, Ac. fchool-matter, uflier.

The vice-chancellors in the univerii-ties, and principals of colleges or halls.

Perfons promoted to degree in fchool.

Fellows and fcholars in colleges.

Do&ors and pra&ifers of pbyfick.

Aldermen, fhrriffs, and freemen of cities and towns corporate,

When the persons afore (a id > shall take the said oath.

Who may tender the (aid oath, and to whom.

Anno feptimer JacoBi. C.6.	[1609.

'XVI. All other your Majeft/s fobje&s, as well ancients at others, not bang principal or treafarer, that now are or hereafter shall be admitted- into any mn of chancery, before the principal or treafurer, and ancients of the several inns chancery, or four of them, m their open halls, *

XVII.	All prothonotaries, phdisers, officers, miiuftcns, at-toTnies end Clerks, that now are or hereafter fhaU be admitted to write or pradife in any of your Highnefs courts et Wt/tom-* jftry or in any other court of record, before the judge or. judges of the (amt court.

. XVIII. All clerks of the chancery, and all their under-clerks, and all other officers of the said court of chancery, and their clerks, before the matter of the roils for the time beings or before two of the matters of the said court of chancery.

XIX.	And all parfons, vicars and curates, and all other per-Ions ecclefiaftical taking orders, and all and every fchool-mafter and ufher, before the bifhop of the diocefe, or other ordinary in the fame, fitting in open court.

XX.	The vice-chancellors of both the univerfities for the time being, and the prefidents, wardens, provofts, matters of colleges and halls, and all other heads and principals of houfes, proctors, and beadles of the univerfities, publickly in the convocation, before the fenior matters there prefeat.

XXI.	And all and every other persons whatsoever, that is or shall be promoted to any degree in fchool, before the vice-chancellor of the said univerfity for die time being, in the congrega-tion-houfe.

XXII.	All fellows of houfes, and all fcholars of halls or colleges, that now are or hereafter shall be received into the lame, being under the degree of a baron, before the prefident, mafter, provott, warden, or other head or chief governor of thatcolloge,hal| or houfe, whereunto he lhall be received, and in the open bail.

XXIII.	And all doctors of phyfick, and all other who prac-tife phvfiek, that now are or hereafter shall be admitted into the college of phyficians in London, before the prefident of the feme college for the time being.

XXIV.	And all aldermen, (heriffs and under officers what-fdever, of the cities and towns corporate, and all fucb as hereafter shall be made freemen of the said city or town corporate, before the mayor, bailiffs, or other chief officer of the said city or town, in tne open hall.

XXV.	And to the intent that due execution may be had of the premifles without delay, it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the persons before named, who have any certain time limited or exprefled when to take the aforesaid oath, shall at the time therein preferibed take the fame,' and the reft within fix months next after the end of this prefent feffion of parliament.

XXVI.	And be it further enacted by authority of this present parliament. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one of the privy council of your Highnefs, or of- your hors and

fuc-

x6o(>>] Annofeptimo Jacobi* c.6.	231

iucceftbrs, arid to and for every bifhop in his dioceie, to require any baron or baronefe of the age of eighteen years or above, to take 'the (aid oath ; (a) and to and for any two justices of peace within any county, city, or town corporate, whereof one to be of the quorum, to require any person or persons of the age Of eighteen years or above, under the degree of abaron or baro-ftefs, to take the said oath: (3) and if any person or persons of or above the said age and degree, now ftand or hereafter at any time lhall ftand and be prefented, indided or convided for not coming to church or not receiving the holy communion or facra-ment of the Lord’s fupper, according to tne laws and statutes of this realm, before the ordinary, or other having lawful power to take such prefentment or mdi&ment, then three of the privy council of your Higbnefs, your heirs and fucceflors, whereof the lord chancellor, lord treafurer, lord privy feal or principal fecre* tary to be one, upon knowledge thereof, shall require luch per-fori or persons to take the (aid oath: (4) and if any other peN fon or persons whatfoever, of and above the said age, and under the said degree, now ftand or at Sny time hweafter shall ftand, and be prefented, indided or convicted for not coming to church or receiving the holy communion or facrament of the Lord’s fupper, according to the laws and statutes of this realm, before the ordinary or any other having lawful power to take such prefentment or indictment 5 or if the minifter, petty conftabie and church-wardens, or any two of them, shall at any time hereafter complain to any juftice of peace, near adjoining to the place where any person complained of shall dwell, and the said juftice shall find caufe of fufpicion; that then any one juftice of peace, within whofe commiflion or power such person or per-tons shall at any time hereafter be, or to whom complaint shall be made as aforesaid,' shall upon notice thereof require such person or persons to take the said oath: (5) and that if any person or persons, being of the age of eighteen years or above, shall refufe to take the laid oath, duly tendered to him or her, according to the true intent and meaning of this ftatute, that then the persons authorized by this law to give the said oath, fhidl and may commit the fame offender to the common gaol, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until the next aiiizes or general quarter-feffions to be holden for the said fhire, diviflon, limit or liberty; where the said oath shall be again in the said open feffions required of such person by the said justices of affize or justices of the peace then and there prefent, The penalty or the greater number of them: (6) and if the said person or for refilling tp persons, of the age of eighteen years or above, shall refufe to ta^5tl)C fai<* take the said oath, being tendered to him or her by the said Co. t justices of affize and gaol-delivery, in their open affizes or gaol-delivery, or the justices of peace or the greater part of them in their general or quarter-feffions, every person fo refilling shall incur the danger and penalty of pramunire^ mentioned in a statute made in the fixteenth year of the reign of King Richard the Second, (except women covert, who mall be committed only to t6 R. *. c, *.

Q^4	prifon,x RoU- *«•

. *$*	Annofepth&o	JACOBI;	C.JU	vi'	(1^09.

. prifon, th?r< jto remain without bailer majopriaeJa^they will

take the laid oathj '	vt\ ■

Difabled to XXVII. And.be it further eoa&ed, That every person re-eMaite or fufing to nke the fcidoath as above* shall be difabied tp all in-uin oGcet or ***** and purposes, to execute any. publict place of judicature, iciencet. . or bear any other office (being no office of inheritance ar mini-ftpriaj function) within this your Highpcfs realm of England: (a) or to ufe or pra&ke the common law .or civil law, or the fcience of phyhek or furgery, or the art of an apothecary, or any liberal fcience, for his or their gain, within this realm, until. such time as the fame person fhaU receive the tune oath, according to the intent of this ftatute.

The penalty of XXVIII. And be it further ena&ed, That jf any married wo.

■ married wo- man (being lawfully convided as a popifh recufant far not com-*h*a fheC|i*&nt *°810 c^urc^) dull not within three months next after such come to theC conv‘<^*on conform her felf, and- repair to the church-and rechurch and . ccive the facrament of the Lord’s fopper, according:to the for-receive the mer laws and statutes made and provided in that behalf touch-facrament. jng recufants ; That then fhe shall be committed to prifon by one of the privy council of your Highnds, your heirs or fuc-. ceflors, or by the bifbop of the diocefe, if fhe be a baronefc, or if fhe be under that degree, by two jufttces of the peace of the fame county, whereof ooe to be of the quorum, there to remain without bail or mainprize until (he shall conform her felf and . come to church, and receive the facrament of the Lord’s (upper, unlefs the hufband of such wife shall pay to the King’s m*-jefty, hjs heirs or fuccedbrs, for the offence of his laid wife, for every month ten pounds jof lawful money of England, or elfe the third part (in three parts to be divided) of all his land and tenements, at the choice of the hufband whole wife is fo convicted as aforesaid, for and during fo long time as (he remaining a recufant convicted, shall continue out of prifon, during which time (and no longer) (he may be at liberty.

CAP. VII.

An aS for the ptnijhing and correSing of deceit and frauds committed by	fortersof wool,	and

weavers of woolen yarn.

WHEREAS by the trade of , making of bays, fays, and other tlotbs and fluffs made of wool or partly of wool, many poor people art fet on work, and great profit bath grown to tie poor and tommonwedllb thereby; (?) yet now by the abufe and deceit of tbt forters,	kembers, carders	an of wool to them delivered, by

the persons ufmgthe trades aforesaid, and weavers of the yam made offuch wool, who. are fit op work the dothier, maker of bays, fays find other cloths and fluff* aby unjtfUy, deceitfully, and falfiy purloining, imbezilfing, felling and detaining of part thereof, to the great damage of the clothier and others ufmg the trades aforesaid, whereby true cuthmaiing is much hindered and	doth	daily	lifer cafe: (3 ) fo that many txerciftng the	are

greatly impovcrjjbed ,and the parties which commit the offences

’	M

1609*1 Anno ^aime Jacobi. c.7.	*33

/did*	btinafaonamialuaetbeiiembltto	w	jotitfaf-

tien	far the tnfpajfes,	deathsqnd abtfesaferefiniy boot much difm-

ragtd tbejaiddtth'w, maker of bays and ethers *f

Jatd,	to fit peer feeble	an wordy whereby mtub poverty hurtafi

and man ‘alike daily t$ intreafe» tethe gnat damage and hindrance ef

the tammnwealtb :

IL For the preventing and reformation whereof, be k enacted by the authority of this preient parliament. That all and every focfa lewd person and perfbns,. who Avail at any time after twenty days next after the end of this feffion of parliament, un-juftly, felfly or deceitfully convey away, imbezil, purloin, fell or detain any part of the wool or yam delivered by any clothier,

.maker of bays, fays, or by any other perfoft Or persons making any such cloths or fluffs, to any. such fbrter, carder, kcmber,

(pinfler at weaver of wool or yam ; That in every such cafe and cafes, as well the forter, carder, kember, fpinfter and weaver fo offending, as the buyer and buyers, receiver and receivers of the fame, knowing the-fame, being thereof lawfully convided (by confefBon of the party or parties .fo offending, or by one fuffi-cient wknefs upon oath before two or more of the King’s ma-jefty’s.juftices of the peace of the feme county or liberty where the femeoffence or offences shall be committed, or if it be within a town-corporate, before the mayor, bailiff or. chief officer, and one more of the aldermen or moft fubffandal persons of the said town, (2) who shall by force of this ad have full power and authority to miniffer the feme oath, and finally to hear, end and .determine, all and every the offences aforefeid); (3) shall give and make to the party or parties grieved, such recompence and fatisfkdtoo for such their damage and lofe, as by the feid justices or chief officers shall be ordered and appointed: (4) and if the party or parties fo offending shall not be thought, in the difcre-tion of the said justices or chief officers, able or fufficient, or do not make recompence or fetisfedion for the fame offence or offences, in such manner and form as by. the feid justices or chief .officers shall be ordered and appointed as aforefeid, then the.par- The penalty ty or parties offending, for the first offence to be apprehended of a worker of and whipped, or fet in the (locks, in the place where the offence T00* P'’ 7aTn .is committed, or in Tome market-town in the feid county, near .unto the place where the offence or offences aforefeid shall be tain any part .committed, as shall be limited and appointed by the feid justices thereof,

..of the peace or chief officers: (5) and for the fecond offence, to •incur the like nr such further punifhment by whipping, or be-.ing put in the-flocks, as the feid justices of the peace or chief officers shall in their diferation think fit and convenient.

III.	And be it likewise enabled by the authority aforefeid,The P"?'*'

That all and every receiver and receivers, buyer and buyers of "*"•*'” 7*

«	J	•■«	1	,	.	/	J	.	receiver or

any wool or yarn, imbezuled or purloined, contrary to the buyer of in-

meaning of this ad, knowing the feme to be imbezillcd or pur- bezilied yam#

Joined, shall be fubjed to like punifhment as by this ad is in- *	1S1.

Aided or provided to be inflided upon any such perfoo fo im-

j>ezilling or purloining any such wool or yam as aforefeid.

IV.	And be it likewise enaded. That all and every (pinner Spinner*

'	jjn(j	wool in cer-

234	Anno septimo JaCOBI. c§.	(1609.

tai* town* in and (pinners of wool within the county of Effix, that fhal! re-*■**• ceive any wool to be (pun into-yarn' for any clothier or talker of bays, fays or other fluffs aforelaid, dwelling in the town of Jhal, Backing, Braintree,Halfieei, fPhtam or Colcbejler, within the said oountv, and shall deliver back again the yarn made of the said wool by any (horter reel than hath been there ufual of ancient time, that is to fay, the said red containing two yards about, shall be fubjeft to like punifhment as by this aft is bi-Hidfced or provided to be inflifted upon any per Ion or perlbns im-beailling and purloining yam as aforefaia.

CAP. VI1L

An *8 to inlarge an a8 of parliament made in tie fecond and third year of King Philip and	Mary, intituled. An

aft for the keeping of mikh-lcine, or breeding and rearing of calves.

*&3Pb.&M. TX7HEREAS in the focendand third yean of King Philip and J*	V	V Queen Mary, a profitable ait was mad* for the avoiding rf

the fcardiy of tattle and visual.,	, An act for the keeping

of milch-kine, and for the breeding and rearing of calves; (2) which alt being then made only to continue to the end of the of	parliament, was foundfo	ne for the good cftbe ,

that after many continuances of it by	;	it	was	at

sjEliz. c. *5. length, in the thirteenth year of the reign of our late Queen Elizabeth

of happy	memory, made	perpetuol (3) the said ait hath not

produced fo good effeS as was expelled, in it did and doth extend only to fiub pafiurtgrounds as outre	before tin faid	ad,

and wherein no ptrfon qtthe making of the find ait bad common fir .	any cattle at any time of tbeyoar, and not	to fiuh pafiurt grounds as

fitbence have been convertedfrom	, or taken out	of

commons and inclofed, whereas in all equity and	, many	of

the said late inthjtsrts defense no way to be kept and enjoyed with more liberty, than the fiud former and undent inthfures The statute of II Be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod excellent ma-dte lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this to present parliament adembled, and by the authority of the lame, ground* Cnee That the said former ad, and the pains and penalties therein con-— tained, shall from and after the feaft of Saint Michael the archangel now next enfuing, be extended and conftrued, taken, expounded and adjudged to extend, as folly to all intents, con-ftruftions and putpofes with the fame provifoes, and in like manner, to all ancl every the grounds apt and meet for milch-kine, fince the making of the (aid aft inclofed or hereafter to be inclofed, and not to be laid open to common at any titne of the

Sir, and to the occupiers thereof, as to the grounds before the d aft made (event, and wherein none had intereft of com-mon at the time of making the (aid aft, and to the occupiers thereof and as if the fold grounds fo lately inclofed and hereafter to be inclofed and made feveral, had been fo indofed tad held several at the time of the making of the said ad, and as if

• • so

inclofed or hereafter to he indofed.

,609.1. Annofcpibno jACepl. ©9.	235

no person of-pcrfbbs, other ehdntbe owners thereof then had inteveft of common therein; any word, fentenoeor ckufe in the said fornaer a& to the contrary meny, wife notwithstanding.

CAP. IX.

An aEt for the "bringing of frejb ftrea of water by engine from Hackney-Marih to the city of London, for the benefit <of the King's college at Cheliey.

W

"HEBLEAS his Majesty, of his moft royal and zealous A college shall .. . care for the defence of true religion now eftablifhed J* at within this realm of England,and for the refuting of errors at^nch tK.11 and berefies repugnant unto the feme, bath been gracioufly be made to pleafed by his letters patents under the great feal of	convey water

to found a college at Chtftj near London, and therein to place *r°m f Jje certain learned divines, and to incorporate the fame by the	to

name of the provoft and fellows of the college of King j maintain die in Cbelfey near London, of the foundation of the fame fames fame.

King of England,and hath of his moft gracious bounty and The caufe of gooanefs not only endowed the feme with certain lands, privi-leges and immunities, but hath also for their further maintenance college m and fuftentation, given unto them a capacity and ability toCheliea. receive and take from hi# Majesty, or any of his loving fubjedts,Tbe name of any lands, tenements, hereditaments, gifts, benefits, ana pro- [j^ncorpora* fits whatfoever, not exceeding in the whole the yearly value of Ability to re-three thousand pounds, as in arid by the laid letters patents doth ceive land* more at large appear:	-notexceeding

II.	And whereas also it is manifeft and evident, that the|rj^*^~. bringing in of frelh (beams of running water into the city of{^—Jr” London, is very convenient, necefiary and profitable, as well ’

for the private ufe of such as shall rent the fame, as a help for cleanfing the said city in the time of ficknefs, and preferring the fame against all hidden adventures of fire:

III.	It is therefore ehafted by the King’s moft excellent majesty and the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons

in this present parliament aflembled, That it shall and may be Tfce , lawful to the said provoft and fellows, their fucceflbrs, deputies and affigns, at all and every such place and places, in the open may dig a fields or marfhes lying between the bridge called Lock-bridge, trench out of in or near the parifn of Hackney in the county of Middlefex, and *hc riv*t ot the bridge called Bow-bridge at	Stratfcrd- in the pari(h of a“ttr

Stepney, in the said county (as by the said provoft and fellows, ready made, their fucceffors, deputies or afligns, by and with the content and allowance of the occupiers and owners of the foil in the said place or places, (2) and in default of such aflent or allowance, by such compofition firfl to be made with the feid occupiers and owners of the feid foil, as by the commiflioners by virtue of this a&, to be in this behalf appointed, shall be thought fit and convenient) to dig pr cut from and out of the main river of Lee, on that fide or bank of the fame river which is next unto the city of London, a ditch or trench not exceeding in breadth ten foot, or to fcour, deanfe or enlarge unto the breadth

aforefaid.

2Artfto ftptlBlO JaOOW. €.9.'^	[1609.

aforefeid, any eld ditch or trench there riieady mtdfc -: (3) and the fame ditch or trench either oldor new fo to be ntade, Or to be clean fed, to convey by or through the laid fldft amFmarfhes in all places convenient, in such fort as the ftrtt (nay again be returned, and made to open hfelf-into the tnaia rivet, within feme such convenient diftance feom the mouth thereof, as to the said comtniflioners shall (for the intents and purposes hereafter exprefled) bethought (it: (4) upon which ditch or The provoft,	or places near adjoining thereunto, it (half and may

engines/wa- he lawful to the laid provoft and fellows, their fiacceflors, ter workj.&c. deputies or afligns, to ere& or caufe to be erc&ed certain aland houses or gines, water-works or water-wheels, as alio hotafos or cover-coverings for ings requifite for the feme, where by the aflent of the fekf com-ame* miflioners the feme shall be agreed upon, to be no let or hin-derance to the ordinary paflage of barns, boats, or such other veficls upon the feid nver of Let., and by and through the (aid ditch or trench to carry and convey fo much of-the water of the feid main river, as by the feid* provoft and fellows,-their fucceflors, deputies or afligns, shall be thought requifite and neceflary to be ufed for the working or motions of the' feid engines or water-wheels, and shall also by the feid com-miflioners be thought to be no prejudice or hindentoce to the ordinary paflage of barges, boats, or foch other veflels upon the feme river:

The provoft, IV. And that it lhall and may be lawful to and for the feid &<c. may dig provoft and fellows, their fucceflors, deputies and afligns (in j?r.0P*'“?8 °f all places apt and Convenient, within a-convenient diftance of ireth^uter the f**d engines or water-works) to dig for the taking and fur-»D<i convey the ther opening of fprings of frelh water there found, or to be feme by tren- found on the weft fide of the feid river, next unto the city of che* into a London, and the water of the feid fprings to carry and convey by and through certain little gutters or trenches; or pots or pipes under the ground, into one pit, pond, or head of convenient largenefs, to be made by the feid provoft and fellows, their fucceflors, deputies or afligns, in fome place itpt for the fame:

V.	And that it shall and may be lawful to and for die feid provoft and follows, their fucceflors, deputies and afligns, having by art and fleight of engines and water-works, or by any other means or device railed the Water of the said fprings, and fo much of the water there running in the feid ditch or trench, as shall be thought neceflary, to such height, and into such place, pond, head or roceit (as to them (ha)l feem in that behalf requifite) to convey and carry -the feme in dole pipes under ground, from the feid water-works,- and the said other

!daces of receit, unto the city of London and the fuburbs thereof, or the perpetual maintenance and fuftentation of the feid provoft and follows, and their fucceflors; by the rent to be made of the said waters conveyed as aforefeid :

The provoft, VI. - And that for the . conveyance of the said water, it (half fee. may dig and may be lawful to and for .the fe‘d provoft and fellows, and open the	' -	r	their

pond.

The provoft. See. may convey in pipes tt.ider the ground from the waterworks unto the city and fuburbs of London, the Cuqc water.

i6og.]

Apno fep&no Jacobi, c.9.

*37

their fiacceffm-defntie* and sfigne (m-all-places-convenient pound for

k>n>Mn tlw. fsill. uaaMrjnuirlre «vwl.tk«i	oitw.nf 1 .nnA*m\ fn liVlDST of

and

between tbc- said -vmter-aforlu and the said city of	to	**ym8

dig, cut and- open the ground to such depth and breadth as makingof shall be convenient for the laying in of the -laid-pipes or pots conduit-through which the faid- water shall pals, and for.making little head*, conduit-heads for vents unto the fame, for the better padage of the laid waters: (2) and the fine ground opened for the purpose aforcfekt, (after the said pipes or pots are-laid in and placed)- the said provoft and fellows, their facceftbrs, deputies and affigns, shall with turf* earth, gravel, or other materials, again-fiu up and,cover.

VII.	And be it further eno&ed by the authority aforeftid. The prows*. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said provoft and *c- fh^.liave fellows, their fucceffors, deputies and aftigns, from time to

time, and at all times convenient, with their men, horfes. carts, or other carriages, to- have free entry and pa flags by, nuking sod over or through any ground or land, in places, and at times continual pre-meet and convenient for the doing and performing of any thing	°‘

requifite for the making of 'the said several paflages of waters, nock,, or for the doing of any other adt or thing concerning the feme, authorised by this adt, as also for the continual prefervation and reparation of the-faid works, as often as need shall require.

VIII.	And be it further enaifted by the authority aforesaid, CommUGonere

That the lord chancellor or lord keeper of the peat	fhall be ap-

En&md for the time being (by commiffion under Ae peat feal

of England, at the reqUcfts and charge* of the bud provoft and ofthe damage*

fellows, their fuccefibrs, fubftimtee end deputies, or upon the Which each

complaints or petition of any person or pemns whom it may ptrfon fhall

concern) lhall nominate, appoint and authorize, by commit

fion or commiflions under the great feal of England, feven dif- *or

erect and fufficient perfont, whereof two shall be justices of ianc.

peace of the county of MMlefix, and two of the city of London,

and three others at the choice and appointment of tne said lord

chancellor or lord keeper, every of the said persons having lands

and tenements of the clear yearly value of forty pounds at the

leaft : (a) which said feven perrons, or any four or more of.

of them shall have power to order and fet down what rate or

rates, fum or (urns of money shall be paid by the said provoft

and fellows (as well for fatisfadtion and recompeoce of*damages,

in making the fore recited works, or any thing belonging to

the fame, as also for any iqanner of damages to be fuftained

in the amending, or reparation thereof from time to time, or any

other cofts or charges fuftained by reafon of the fame) to the

lords owners and occupiers of the ground and foil, or to others

interefted in the said river or waters, for which composition is

to boamade by the intent of this adt, if the parties cannot of

themfelves agree, aAd in what manner the fame (halH>e paid:	The parties

IX.	And that for the recovery of such money as shall be remedy to re-fo ordered and fet down by the said commiftioners, or any covcr thc rc~ four or more of them, the party or parties to whom the laid ^^ncc money shall be due and payable, by the true intent of the fajd * 4 order, shall or may recover the fame, together with th€ rea-

1	fonable

*38	Anno	feptimo JAcaftr. c.io,(i.	[1669,

finable oofts and damages lor the forbearance tbedfeaf, agamft the laid proroft and fellows, by adbon of debt, bill or-plaint, in any bis Majesty’s courts at	wherein	no eflbin or

prote&an flail be allowed.

Certain place* x. Provided always, and it is further  enacted by dnsiprefent ^mbthe psurliament, and1 by the authority of the feme, That the (aid which the inter (ball net he conveyed through the -houfc, garden or water i* not orchard of any person or pcrfons, or through Any pvt thereof, tobecon-	or through anyeam-fidds whik the earn is growing'or flaod-

Ttyed‘	ing an the feme, without the content ficftbad Ofthe owners and

occupiers of the (aid houfes, gardens, orchards,! sod ooro-fields.

CAP. X.

An act for the reformation of The penalty TTWHEREAS notwithstanding all

TOtn"tttednge	already	made, the inordinate and extreme vitt. of excefftvt

agaiiiil the drinking and dputketmefs doth more and mere abound,	the great

ftatute of offtnte of Almighty God* and the wafitful	of	Gods	good

4	Jac. 1, c. 5. creatures: (2) Jbe it enabled by the authority of this present parliament, That if any person being an akhoute-keeper (after fix weeks next enfuing this pretent feflion of parliament) (hail be lawfully aonvi&cd for any offence or offences committed against any of the branches of two former a&s of parliament made fithence the beginning of fins present parliament,-the one > Jac. t. c. 9. intituled. An aft te reftraintbt inordinate haunting and tipling in inns, alebaufes and. other viftaatiing-houfes the other intituled, 4 Jac. 1. c. j.	An aft agatnjl the odktus and	lootIf dm ft n ofdrmktnnefs; That then

every person or. perlhns foeonvi&ed, shall for the fpace of three vears next eofoiag the said conviction, be utterly difabled to keep auy such alehoofe.

CAP. X!.

An aft to prevent the fpoil of com and grain,. by untimtb hawking, and for the baiter prefervation	and

partridges.	.	,

* Jac. i.c. *7. TTT’HERE AS in the firll feffion of this present parliament

V V was a good law made,	other things, for the prefer-

vation of the game of pbeafants and partridges, width hath not that good fuccefs as was by the fame law hoped for and intended, ■ through dtfotderfy and unfeaftname hawking, whereby great quantity of tom and grain hath been and is not only uncharitably and defrayed, but great numbers ofpbeafants and partridges thereby killed andfpoiled, before they he either fit to be hawked at, or to be for food or	diet:

II. For the preventing of both which incotrveniencies and mifchiefs, be it enacted by the authority of this prefenWparlia-ment. That all and every person or penons whatfoever, which at any time after the end of this praent feflion of parliament doth or shall hawk at, deftroy or kill any pheafant or phea-fants, dartridge of partridges, with any kind of hawk of hawks, dog or dogs, by colour of hawking, between the first of July

1609]	Anoofq9CiaiojAaofti4C.il.	239

rad the left day'of Auguft, and- the fans offence or offences The penalty being proved by the confession of the party, or by theteftitnooy for °f of two Sufficient witnefies open oath, before two or more ju- ^partridge Slices of the peace of the fiud county, dty or town, corporate between tfic wherein die offence Shall be committed, or the party offending first dajr of apprehended. Shall be by the Jiud justices of the pace, for every	tbefl

fiich offence, committed to the common gad of the fidd county, '** uguK* city or town corporate, where die offence dull be committed, or the parties apprehended ; (2) them to remain for one whole month without bail or mainprife, unlefs that the Said offender do or Shad forthwith upon the Said coavi&ian pay, or caufe to be paid, to the church wardens of the laid panih, or unto .die overleers of the poor, or fome of them, where the Siud ofo fence Shall be committed, ‘or the patty apprehended, to the ufe of the poor of the fame parish, the fum or forty lhiliingrfor every such hawking at any pheafant or partridge, and twenty Shillings for every Such pheaUnt or partridge which any and every .foot person and perfects So offending and convi&cd (as afbrefaid) by himfetf, his hawk or hawks, dog or dogs, Shall take kid or deftroy, contrary to the true purport, intent and meaning of this prefent Statute.'

III.	Provided' always,-and be it  enacted by the.authority He that ii pu-^foreSaid, That if ally person or persons Shall be at any daw ">Shed by this hereafter oonwded and punifhed by virtue of this law. That excufed for then the party fo punished Shall not forthe Same offence be eft- other, loons called in queftieft, and punilhed by virtue of any other

law touching or concerning the like offences.

IV.	Provided alfo. That no offenders Shall be impeached within what or ptnuShed by virtue of this ad, unlefs he or they be accufed dme an of-as delinquent, before the Said juflicee of peace, within fix months next after the said offence or offences committed or done.

V. And	whereasby	4 provifo in the find	contained,	it is

provided, That it  shall and may be lawful to and far every ptrfoet

and persons which	have or /ball havefree	wand to andfor every

lord of a	manor, and to every freeholder which is or	be feifed

in bis awn right, or- in the right of bis w, of tenements or hereditaments:, to the clear yearly value tf ten pounds or mare by the year,	over and above all charges and rof fomeejlatc of in-	,

heritance j (2) or of lands, tenements or hereditaments, in own right, or in the right of his wife, for term of Ufe or lives, of the yearly value tf thirty pounds over and above ail charges and	;

(3)	or beer which JbaU be worth in goods or chattels two pounds j (4) by him or themfehes, or by bis or their menialfervmts (fufficiently autherized from bis or their	for that purpefe) to

take pbeafants and partridges (in the day-time only) with nets, in and upon bis and their own, or his or their wafers free warren, . , manor and freehold, or on any part tf them, betwixt the feqft of St. Michael the archangel, and the feaft of the birth of our Lord Cod yearly; any thing in the fad law to the contrary notwithftand-ing : (5) by colour of which liberty fo given by the said previjo, it is foundry experience, that the said games of pbeafants and partridges

have

2

A repeal of a branch of the ltatute of 1 lac. t. c. 17. allowing certain persons to take phea-fcnts and partridges.

Who may take phea-iants and partridges, where and when.

The penalty for taking any phealants or partridges with letting-dogs, nets, or, &c.

Anno feprimo Jacobi, c.h.	[1609.

have been a mdfill are likely	tobe math Jfieikd by maty

man tenants md freeholders, agaknfithe	tf the lords or turners

of inberitantt ef ibeJmdlands tad tenements:.

VI.	Bo it thapfore- ena&sd by the authority afortfaid, That the &id provHoy and every chafe; artiflU and thing therein contained, toil hr font the end of this prefeat. feman of parliament, vtterfy.'jrepeakd, fruftrate and made void % any thins in the find provifo contained to the contrary ootwithianding.

VII.	And that it (hah and may be lawful for every person or

perfons which have or toll have foe warren, and to and for every lord of a manor, and to and for every freeholder which. i» or toll be feifed in bis own right, or in the right df his wife, of lands tenements and hereditaments, to. the clear yoarly. value of forty pounds or more, by the year, over ana above all charges and reprifes, of fome eftate of inheritance; (a) or. of lands, tenements and hereditaments in his-own right, or in the right of his wife, for term of.life or lives, of the yearly value of fburicore pounds over and above all charges and reprifes; ( 3) or which shall be worth in goods or chattels four hundred pounds; (4). by him or themfclves, or by his or their menial and houlhold fervants (fufficiently authorized from.bis or theiE matter for that purpose) to take phealants and partridges (in the day time only) in and upon his and their own, or his tod their matter's free warren, manor and freehold as afomfoid. or on any part of tom, betwixt the tea ft of St. Aditbatl the archangel and the birth of our Lord God yearly; any thing in the said law before mentioned to to-contrary notwith-ftariding.	,

VIII.	And whereas the said games of phtafants and partridges

are exceffively	fpeilodand defrayed by	tf bad and mean

condition, making a trade and living ofthe fpolling'and	of

tbt said games, who art not of JuJpoenty to pay any penalty in any formerfatute mentioned, nor to anfiwer the tofls and thargts of any that Jhtuld inform and prefecute againjl them in any of his

courts : (a) by reajbn whereofy and for that the find offenders are hardly	dtfcovered,and feldtm or never found offending in the prefence

tf divers	wiintfftSyfothat it is very bard to	them by the tefti-

mony tf mart witneffes than one, by reafm that they fpoil and the fatdgames	feeretiy, and for the moji part in the night-timey and

do carry	futh	pheafantsana partridges as they fo dejlroy, likewift

by night, to cities and market-towns to be fold: (3) be it therefore further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That all and every person or persons which from and after the first day of September next, shall take, kill os deftroy any pheafant or partridge with fetting-dogs and nets, or otherwiie with any manner of nets, tores or engines, and the fame offence or offences being proved by the canrcfikm of the party, or by the teftimony of one fuf-ficient witnefs upon oath, before two or more justices of the peace of the fame county, city or town corporate, wherein the offence toll be committed, or the party offending apprehended, dull be by the laid justices of peace, for every such offence,

Anno fcptimo Jacobi; c.-isu *	241

committed to the common gaol of the said county* city or town •. corporate, where the offence shall be committed, or the party apprehended, (4) there to remain for three , months without ' ball or minpriie, unlefs that the said offender shall forthwith., pay dr caufe to be paid to the churchwardens or overfeers of the poor of the said parith where the faid. offence shall he committed, the fum of twenty., (hilling for every pbeafanfc or par- ] tridge,. which axiy and every such perfctn or perbns fo, offepd- * ing^lhajl take, kill or deftroy as aforesaid, contrajy to thd purport /and. true meaning of this ftatute; ,(5) and further to1 became bound by recognizance in the fum of twenty pounds tp hfo Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, with condition that he th$ said party fo offending shall not at any time thereafter take, kill, or deftroy any pheafantor partridge 3 which said recognizance shall be taken by anyone or more justices of peace of the ^ said county, city or town corporate, where the said offence shall be committed as aforesaid, and shall jbe returned to the then>|fcext quarter-fcffions, and there to remain of record as other recognizances taken for the peace. .

IX,	And be it further enabled, That every conftable and Officer* m*y headborough in every county, city, town corporate^ and other ^ar®hth® p)ace where they, shall be fwom officers, shall and may, by r^Vfufpeatd virtue of this prefent a&, (bringing with thetp to that purbole to ofiend«

a lawful warrant under the hands of two justices of the peace of the county, city, liberties.or town corporate) have full power , and authorhy .to enter into and fearch the houfe orhoufesof any person or persons (other than fuch. as by this prefent ail are allowed to take pheafants and partridges with nets as aforesaid). being fufpe&ed tef have any letting-dogs or pets for the taking of pheafants. and partridges ; (2) and wherefoever they shall find any such letting-dogs or nets, the fame to take, carry away and detain, kill, deftroy and cut in pieces, as things prohibited by this a<5t, and forfeited to such of the said officers as shall find out and take the fame as aforesaid.

X.	This law to continue unto the end of the first feffion of Confiosaac# the next parliament, and no longer. 3 Car. 1. c. 4. Continued of thisaft. until the end of the first fejfton of the next parliament, and farther continued by 16 Car. i.c. 4.

CAP. XII.

An act to avoid the double payment of debts.

WHEREAS divers men of trades, and bandicraftfmtn keeping in what cafe Jhop-books, do demand debts of their cuftomers upon their a tradefman's /hop-bookj long time after the fame hath been'due, and when as they have fuppofed the particulars and certainty Of the wares delivered to c^denc^to be forgotten, then either they themfelves or their fervants have in- recover a debt. ferted into their said Jbop-books clivers other wares fuppofed to be delivered to the fame partiesor to their ufe, which in truth never zvere delivered, and this of purpose to increaje by such undue means the said debt: fa) and whereas diver# cf the said tradefmen and hands-craftfmen, having received all the juft debt due.upon their said fact- 3g Ed. 3. ft. 1.

. V ol. VII,	R	looks,	c. 1*.

24z

s-Saik. 690.

cha&U.

Anno septimo JACofll. c.i^i	[1601^

tools, Jo oftentimes leave the fame bools	or any Way fif-

eharged, foas the debtors, their executors or aiminiftraiors, are often by Juit of tavJ enforced to pay the fame debts again do the party that trujled the find waresor to his executors oradmMflrators, sttilefs he or thfy tan p rodsue fufrcieni proof by writ trig or of the fold	payment, that may countervailthe	credit of the

looks, which few or rtone tan any tong time after the find pay* ment :(3) be ir therefore enacted by the authority of this' prefenf parliament, That no tradefman or hstadkntftfaiM keeping- *• (hop-book.as is aforesaid. his or their executors dr admininra* tors, shall after the feaft of St. Michael the archangel next coming, be allowed, admitted or received to give his (hop* book in evidence in any aftion for any money due for Wares hereafter to be delivered, or for Work hereafter to be dohe, above ohe year before the feme aftidn brought, except lie of they, their executors or adtnirtrftratort, (hail have obtained of gotten a bill of debt or obligation of the debtor for the feid debt, or (haft have brought or purfued against the fefd debtor, his executors or adminiftrators, feme aftion for the feid debt, wares or Work done, within one year next after the feme wares delivered, money dne for wares delivered, or work done. Jtatcreoutfeof II. Provided; always. That this act, or afty thing therein tratEck be. contained, (hali not extend to any intercourfe of traffick, mer-tweenmer- chandizing, buying, felling, or other trading or dealing for wares delivered or to be delivered, money due, or work done or to be done, between merchant and merchant, merchant and tradefman, or between tradefman and trddeftnan, for anything direftly felling within the circuit or compafs of their mutual trades and merchandife, but that for fach things? only, they and every of them shall be in cafe as if this aft had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof not* withftanding.

III.	This aft to continue to the end of die first feflion of the next parliament and no longer. 3 Car. 1. c. 4. Continued until the end of the firft	fejfionof the next and farther continued

by 16 Car. 1. e.4.

CAP. XIII.

An all for the explanation of a ftatvtt made in the feflion of this	prefent	parAn aft againft

unlawful hunting and Heating of deer and conies.

The forfeiture 'TT7HEREAS queflionand doubt hath grown and rifenupon for hunting W the expofttion of a ft a tute made in the fecondfijfion of this ■or killing of prefcnt	parliament, intituledAn aft against unlawful hunting

^eennapar , ancj flcajjng 0f jecr and conies, for that in the body of the fold att I Jac. 1. c. ij. all unlawful hunting, driving	out,	or taking, hilling or flay-

ing any deer or conies within any the parts, places cr grounds in the findflatutementioned, against the	mind or pleafure of the owners,

occupiers or pojfefliouers of the fame (as well by day as by night fl is pro-' tibited	and made penal, its fl manner and formas in and by the

■ /aid

Continuance of thit aft. j Mr. c. .

1609.J	Anno	feptfmo	Jacobi,	c.13.	24	j

faidfiatute it doth and may more plainly Appear; and yet by aprovijb in tae said fiatute contained, it is enabled, 7bat the j'aid aft, nor any thing herein contained, should extend to any offence or offences concerning the hunting. chafing or killing of deer or conies, which should be done or committed in the day-time, but only to fitch offences as should be then after done or committed in the night-time only > any thing in the said aft contained to the contrary noiwithftanding:

lh for the explanation of which doubt arid quellion, and for that it is.found by experience, that malefaftors of that kind have been much encouraged to cfiafe, hunt, kill and dejtroy deer in the day-time by colour of the said provifo, whereby many deer, as well in the parks	'

of our fovereign lord the King, as of many his Highnefs loving fiubz jefts? have been add are fill like to be unlawfully and riotoufly chafed, hunted and defiroyed by many idle, loofe and dtforderly perfons: (2) a repeal of To be it therefore enabled by the authority of this present parlia- much of a pro-irient. That from and after the feaft of St. fames the apoflle yifo contained next enfuing, fo much of the said provifo in the said statute contained, as concerntth the hunting, chafing out or killing c. ,3;as con-of deer only, shall be repealed, fruftrated and made void ; any cemeth the thing in the laid provifo of the said a<ft contained to the con- hunting of trary, thereof in any wife riotwithftanding.	'dccr*

III. And whereas it was by the said former fiatute, amongfi other things, enabled. That if any person or persons did or should turong-fully or unlawfully hunt, chafe or drive out, or take, kill or flay any deer within any park or other place in the said fiatute mentioned* against the will, mind or pleafure of the owners, occupiers or pof~ ,

Jeffioners of the fame, that then every such person fo ofiending should Jatisfy and pay unto the party grieved his treble damages, in such manner and form as in the said fiatute is mentioned: (2) by reafon of the uncertainty whereof, few or no offenders have been di/c our aged tn their said huntings, drivings, chafings out, taking, killing or*flay~ ing of deer:

Iv. For remedy whereof, be it further by the authority of this present parliament enacted, That if any person or persons from arid after the feaft of St. James the apoftle next coming after the end of this prefent felfion of parliament, shall willingly commit any the offences in the said statute mentioned, concerning the unlawful chafing out, hunting, driving, taking, killing or flaying of deer in any park or inclofed ground, which now is or hereafter shall be made or ufed for deer, against the will, mind or pleafure of the owners, occupiers, poflelfioners, or keepers of the fame; That then all and every such person and persons fo offending shall for every such offence pay and fatisry unto the party grieved the fum.ot ten pounds of current money of England, or elfc treble damages and cofts, at the election of the party grieved ; (2) the fame to be recovered in such manner and form as in and by the said statute is limited and appointed for the recovery, taxings or afleffing of the said treble uamages ; any thing in the said statute or in this prefent a<ft contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. This law to continue unto the end of the first feflion of Continuance the next parliament. 3 Car. 1. r. 4. Continued unto the end of°i thua£t.

R 2	the

a*4	Anno	feptJmo	Jacobi.	c.i4>	[1609;

thefirfi fijfion of the next	, and farther	by

\is Car. i'« (•

CAP. XIV.

An aft far reviving of part of a former aft made in the fourth year of King Edward the Fourth, 5That no firanger or alien shall buy Englifh barns unwrought \ and that the wardens of the hcrners of the city of London /or the time being, should have power to fearcb all manner of wares >	appertaining	to	their	my	fiery	in Londonf, and twenty-four

miles on every fide of it.

IN all humble manner Jbewn and btfeetben your mofi excellent Ma-jefly, the wardens ami men of occupation of homers of the city of London; "That whereas in the parliament holden at Weftnrinftcr,

4	Ed. 4* c. S. in the fourth year of the reign of King Edward the Fourth, grievous complaint was made by men of toe occupation of homers, being infran-chtjed in the city of London, how that the people of firange lands hath come into this land, and into divers parts thereof and hath bought by the hands of their hofts and guides the great and chief fluff of Englifh boms unwrought, of tanners and butchers, and carry • the fame over the fai and there employ the fame in divers works, to the great damage of this laftd, and to the final prejudice of a great number of men being of the occupation of homers;

No Granger II. It pleafed the Kings mayfly, by the advice and affentof the JaII b“y any lords fptritual and temporal in that parliament affctnbled, and at the

unwroughtln °f th‘	*1	anij?	£	/ thJ	f™.

Londonjor	parliament,	to ordain,	eflabhjb and enaft,	That from the feaft of

within twenty- Eafter, which then jhoiud be in the year of our Lord God one tboufand

four miles four hundredflxty-five, That no firanger nor alien, by himfelf or by

thereof any fi>ct,M buy any Englifh horns unwrought of any tanners,

butchers, or of any other persons, gathered or growing within the

find city, or four and twenty miles on every fide of the said city

next adjoining: (2) and that no Englifhman, nor other perfon,

Jbould fell any Englifh horns unwrought to any flrangers, or cauft

them to be Jent over the fta, fo that the find homers would buy the

faid horns at like price as they were at the time of the making of the

Jaid aft, upon pain of forfeiture of all such horns fo bought, fold or

The wardens fent: (3) and that the wardens of the Jaid myfiery for the time being,

of homers ty fa fQ\d authority,  shall have full power to fearcb all manner of

re pertaining to their my, to

ware.	till places within the said city of London, and four and twenty miles

on every fide next adjoining to the fame city, and within the fairs

of Sturbridge and Ely, in whofe hands they might be found: (4}

and if they by their fearchfind anyJuch ware or fluff in any place within

the said city of London and four and twenty miles next adjoining to

the fame city, or within the fairs of Sturbridge and Ely, in whoft

bands foever they be to fell, that was defeftive and infufficient, it fbouli

be lawful to them to take the fame ware and fluff, and bring & before

the mayor of the said city of London, the mayors or bailiffs of the

aforefaid fairs for the time \ (5) and the fame there being proved de-

feffivt1

*45

I&9 J

Anno septimo Jacobi. c. 14;

feltwe, to be forfeit, the one half thereof to our fovereign lord the King, and th other half to the fetid wardens, to be ordered at their pleasure: (6) In which jaid alt it is provided, That after that After English-men of the said occupation within this land have taken out and chofen ^horn*Ch°" fitch and as many boms as Jbould be needful to their occupation, that (Supers may then tt jbould be lawful to them ally ana to every of them, and other buy the refi-perfms of this realm of England, to fell and^ deliver all the1 horns due, refufedy which be not able to be occupied in their nwftery, to anyflran-ger or other perfony to fend or carry beyond the fea, or elfewhere, as jbouldpkafe them: (7) The which alt in the parliament holden at 1 J*c. ivc, 25. Weftminfter in the firfl year of your Highttefs reign, was wholly repealed and made void:

III. Forafmuch as fince the repealing of the said alt, flrangers^p co“-and aliens by the hands of divers of their falters, Jervants and dealers	do

for them, have and do (as before the making of the said statute of t>Uy fnglifo Edward the Fourth they did, that is) daily buy up and procure unto horn* un-tbemfehues the great, and chief fluffof Englifh horns unwrought, wrought. of tanners and buteberty and otherwife, and do daily convey and carry them beyond the feasy and there make them into divers works9 whereby many hou/bolders of your Majeflfs fubjelts, that lived and maintained their families> and paid fuhtidies and other duties to your Highnefey by the benefit of their labour in working the said hornsy having no other trade or means by labour to maintain and keep tbem-felvesy their wives and children, the company being greatly tnereafed, and the fluff altogether in a manner tranfported, occafioned flub a deer eafe of the ware, as hereby the company is grown fo poor and dir rayed, as in Jhort time, if remedy be not provided, they and theirs  shall be utterly undone: (2) And also by the repealing of the said all, Part of the fta,. the wardens of the Jaicf homers of the said city of London are dif- rute of 4 Ed. abled to fearch the wares belonging to their said craft, as well within 4-c* 8- «viv* the said city, as in other places in the said alt mentioned, and have ^,r^uchul^ lofl their government in their company: (3) Therefore pleafeth it vour Hightiefs, Th*t it may be enacted by your moft excellent Majesty, the lords fpirityal and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament afjfembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faijd aft, and every part and point, thereof,

(except power of fearch within the fairs of Stourbridge and Efy7 and except the limitation of fijeh prices for horns as they were to be had for at the making of the said aft) shall be revived, and be of like force, power and virtue from henceforth, as if the fame had not been repealed.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, None shall fel| That no person or persons whatfoever shall fell any English horns Engttih horn* unwrought to any ftranger, or fend any English horns un wrought unwrought to over the fea, contrary to the true meaning of the said aft \ (2) a ftran8cr* upon pain of forfeiture of double the value of the horns fo by him or them fo fold or fent 5 the fame forfeiture to be recovered by him or them that will fue for the.fame by aftion. of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of the King’s majesty’s courts of record ; the one moiety thereof to be to the King’s jnajeftft his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him

R 3	QX

24$	Anno	fepfimo	Jacosi.	0.15*	1	[1609.

<?r -them that will fue for the fame; in yrhich fwit no protection, privilege or wager or law to be admitted for the defendant.	‘

CAP. XV.

An a£l concerning Some planner of argument of debts to bis

Majefty.

What debts only may be afiigned to the King.

Kob. 253.

WHEREAS it is concerned that feme manner of alignments of debts, if	they flmli be made to his MqjeJly, his heirs and

fucuffors, the fame would be inconvenient: His Majesty therefore is well pleafed that it be enafted, (2) and be it enaCted by authority of this prefeht parliament. That no debt shall at any time after the nrft day of July, which IhaH be in the year of our Lord God one thousand fix hundred and ten, be affigned to the King's majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, by or from any debtor or accountant to his Majesty, his heirs- or fucceflors, other than such debts as did before grow due originally to the King’s debtor or accountant bona ; (3) and that all grants and aflignments of debts to the King’s majesty, his heirs or fuc-ceflors, which from and after the said firll day of July shall be had or made contrary to the true intent of this a<ft, shall be void and of no force; any law, cuftom, privilege or thing to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. XVI.

An act for the encouragement of marry poor people in Cumberland andWeftmorland, and in the towns and rifbes </Carptmell, Oxhead and Broughton the county of Lancafter, to continue a trade of making	?

kendals, carptmeals and coarfe cottons.

Certain coarfe T	TTHEREAS	by a flatute made in the ninth year of the late

clothi made in \\ King Henry the Fourth, it was enafted. That no cloth called whichfljall kendals (whereof the dozen faffed, not fix	and	eight-pence)

not be fearch	.Jhouldbe	fealed with the King's por to be

ed or fealed, paid for the fame: (2) And that the owners might freely fell the said norcuftomnor (]clhs not fealed, without forfeiting any thing to the King for the for themf*1 fume, notwithjlanding anyJlatute or ordinance made to the contrary: The effeft of (3) Sithence the making of which Jlatute the said kendals, and other the statute of coarfe things of like nature, and made of the like coarfe wool, and 9 H. 4. c. a. differing in name only, called, cogware, coarfe cottons and carptmeals, have been mads in such fort as the parties which made the fame were able, and as bejl might pleafe the buyer, without being limited to any certain weight, or to any affize of length or breadth, and were never fearched nor fealed with any feal, nor fubjeft to any penalty for the not	fealing thereof with any feal, nor any Jubfidy nor aulnage paid

for the fame, until of late that certain evil-difpofed persons, contrary to the true meaning of the said law, have by colour of a tute made in .the nine and thirtieth year of the reign of 39 Eiiz. c. to. Elizabeth, intituled, An atft against the deceitful ftretching and

tentering

|6qo.] Amo fcptimp jApp&i. c.17,18.

t*nte*ing of northern filotf», m&uwurfd	capture,

fynMs,taeftmeah asfd coarfe	Uttm»Mjtft tqftqrcb, and hqvt de-

manded far the fame divers several films of money for the feal of the cfHftfor of fbe jvjf/fdy and attlnage, to the great vexation and trouble

ft. Bp it therefore eroded by the King’s moil excellent ma- Certain coarfe jefty, with the content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and north the fiommoro, in this present parliament affembled, That from part% wh;c(l henceforth all cogware, kendals, coarfe cottons and carptmeals mail not be which are, or hereafter shall be made within the said counties fearched nor of Cumberland and ffyimorl,end,or within the said towns and fealetL parifhe* of Carptmeale ,fiawkejbtd and Broughton in the said ' county of	Lamafter,whereof the	dozen (ball not exceed the

rate and price of thirteen (hil)ings and four-pence, shall be made in foph fort as may bed pleafe the buwr, and shall not be fearched nor feefed with any of the King’s feals, nor with any pthpr (cal, nor any fubfidy or aulroge, great or little, paid for the feme; (a) But that the owners of such cogwares, kendals, coarfe cottons and carptmeals, may freely (ell the fame not feal-#d, as they have been eepuftomed, without forfeiting any thing to the King for the fame> any law or ftatute, or any branch or claufe of any law or datum heretofore made to the contrary PQtwithdandjng,

*	.	CAP.	XVII.

There Audi be no burning of ling, heath, fifr, in certain counties in fummer. EXP.

CAP-XVIII.

An aS far the taking* landing and carrying of fea-find for the bettering of ground* and for the increafe of corn and tillage within the counties of Devon and Cornwall.

WHEREAS the fea-fand* by long trial and experience* bath AJlperfbns been found to be very profitable for the bettering of land* and within Devon specially for the increafe of corn ana tillage within the counties of*Cornwall Devon and Cornwall, where the mofi part of the inhabitants have JPjJJ not commonly ufed any other worth* for the bettering of their arable manuring of grounds and pafiures: Notwithfianding divers having lands adjoining their land. to the fea-coajts there* have of late interrupted the bargemen* and such Sea-fand is others as have ufed at their free wills andpleafures to fetch the faidfea- S!?1 /and* to take the fame under the full fea-mark* as they have hereto-	land.

fore ufed to do* unlefs they make compofition with them at such rates	“	J

as they themfelves fet down* though they have very fmall or no damage or lojs thereby* to the great decay and hinderance of hujbandry and tillage within the said counties: (2) be it therefore enactedby the King's moft excellent majesty, the lords (pirituai and temporal, and the commons in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it shall and may be lawful to and for all persons whatfoever, refiant and dwelling within the said counties of Devon and Cornwall, to fetch and take fea-fand at all places under the full fea-mark, where the fame is

R 4	or

Anno septimo JAcobi. c. 19,20.	[1609,

or'(hall be caft by the fea, for the bettering of their land, and for the increafe of corn and tillage, at their wills and plea-fures.

B	11. And that it shall and may be also lawful to and for all

fetch ££3. bargemen and boatmen, and all other carriers of fea-fand of the and caft it out raid counties, that (half fetch or take fand as aforeiaid, to land of their boats and caft out of their boats and barges such fand as they shall where ithath f0 fetch or at such pjaccs as fand hath at any time within branded, and fpace of fifty years last paft been ufed by such bargemen and carry the fame boattnen to be landed and caft, and also to fetch 'and carry the through uftial fame by and through such ways as now be, and by the (pace of ways. ' twenty years last paft have been, ufed for the carrying and fetching thereof, paying for the taking, calling out and landing of every barge-load, boat-load or fack of the said fand, upon the grounds of any man, such duties as heretofore within the said , time of fifty years have been ufed and accuftomed to be paid for the fame, and for paflage by and through the said ways, such duties as have ufually been paid by the said fpace of twenty years, and in such manner and form as the fame within the said several times have refpedtively been ufed and accuftomed to be paid: (2) And in such places where certain ufual duties have not been paid, but uncertain compofitions have from time to time been made by agreement with the owners of the foil there, to yield such reafonable compofitions as by agreement yvith the said owners shall from time to time be. made*

The continu-	HI. This aft to continue until the end of the nrft feffion

aft*0*ttus	the next parliament. 3 Cor. i. c. 4. Continued unto the end

of the firji feffion of the next parliament, and farther continued by 16 Cat. 1, c:4.

CAP. XIX.

.	Anaft	for the continuance and reparation of a new-built wear? upon the

'ibaattis not i	$jver of Exe, near unto the city of Exeter. The new weare bull be

pnpcroU. Maintained, and tecompfenct shall be made to lofers thereby. *

CAP. XX.

An act for the fpeedy recovery of many thou&nd acres of raarfh ground, and other ground within the counties of Norfolk aqd Suffolk, lately furrounded by the rage of the fea in divers parts of the said counties, and for the prevention of the danger of the like forrounding hereafter. Whereas the fea hath broken into {he pounty of Norfolk, and hath furrounded much hard grounds^ befides the greateft part of the marihes and low grounds within the towns and parifhes hereafter mentioned,1 that is to fay, the towns and parifhes of Waktonefliam, Palling, Eccles, Hempfted, Ingham, Hickling, Hqrfey, potfer, Higham, Catfieid,Lud-ham, Wintertop, Eaft-Somerton^ Wefl-Somerton, Martham, Baltwicke, Repps, Thurne, Oby, Clippelby, Bilockby, Wood, Baftickhoming, Ranworth, South-Waifhapri, Upton, Filhley, Acle, CaftorSt. Edmund*, Caftor-Maltbey, Rifaham, Hertingby-Borough, Stocklby, Buxton, Horftead, Wroxham, Shllowes, ton, Below, Coltfel, Hobbins, Lammas, Neti(bead, Barton, Sutton, Stalham, Tunftel, Halvergate, Wick* hampton, Thorpe, Redham, Limpenhow, Cantley, Haflingham, Buck-enham Ferry, Struipfel, Brundel, Poftwick TlK>rpe juxta Norwich, Turlton, Norton, Hardley, Langley, Carleton, Claxton. Rockland, Surlingham, Brameyton, Wicklingham, Trowfe, Carrow, Haddeftow, ^Vhheacre Borough, Whiteacre. Abbey, Gellingbam, in the said coun. ty of Norfolk;’ Arid Gbrlefton, Gaptori, Bratfwell, Borougli-Caftle,

'	Beiklefle,

*49

1609.] Aft no septimo Jacobi, 0.21 *- 24.

Berklefle, Bafham, Worlingbam, Belton, Fretton, St. Toolies, alias St. Olives,. Herringfleet, Some rley-Town, Shepton, Owlton, Kirkley and Barkley, in the ftid county of Suffolk : For remedy of fo great calamity, it is ena&ed, That the lord chancellor shall from time to time award commiffions under the great feal to the lord bifhop of Norwich, and to any eleven pr more jufktces of the peace of Norfolk, and fix or more jultsces of the peace of Suffolk, after such tenor as hereafter fol-loweth, that is to fay j —	}	•

REX &c.Jbwatdo inQhrijlt PatriA.ffctpo	The	form	of

nec non A. B, C. D.falutem. SCIATIS, quod ajfignavimus the commit w id quofiibetfexyfrue plures vefirumy ad omnia <d ftngula fitper- fion. videnday perluftranday mandanda, facienda, perfonnanddy exequenda .&peragenda9 in qufdam aciu in pafliawento Domini JACOBI,

Dei Gratia, Regis Anglia y faV. nono die Februarii anno Rfgm fui "Anglia % Francta id Hibernia feptimo, far Scotia auadragefimo tertioy per diyerfas prorogations apud JVeJimonafterium tentOy editOy intitu-latOy An a<5t for the fpecdy recovery of many thousand acres of marlh-grounds, and other grounds within the counties of Norfolk and Sttjfolky lately furrounded by the iea in divers parts of the laid counties, and for the prevention of the danger of like furrounding .hereafter, Jpecificata fecundum tenorem, vimy for-manty ejfetlum id veram intentionfm ejufdtm (Ulus: In cujus rei tejti-moniumy idc. Tejley idc.

^The commifiioners to enquire by whofe default the overflowings happened, and who ought to repair them. To tax the persons and lands chargeable. The commifiioners may authorize others to levy the money aflefled. Ijnprifopment for default of diftrefs. If the leflee of the land charged do pay the fum taxed, he may abate of the rent. The commifiioners may make orders tor the prefervation of the grounds, and amend the fame. The commifiioners may aflefs the King's farmers of any lands to be contributor. The commifiioners decrees mail bind the King and all other persons lands. In what cafe .the commifiioners may fell orlet to farm.the land of the party taxed. The (heriffs of Norfolk and Suffolk shall return juries before the commifiioners. All (heriffs and officers drill attend and aid the commifiioners.—To continue [evenyears next enflung the end of this fejfiotiy and from thence to the end of the firfi feffion rf the then next parliament. 3 Car. 1. c. 4. Continued until the end of the next feffion of farhamenty and farther continued by x6 Car• x. r. 4.

CAP. XXI.

An a& for confirmation of decrees hereafter to be made in the exchequer-chamber, and duchy-court, concerning copyhold lands and tenements. -----Certai n of the King's copyholders eftates shall be confirm-

ed by decree. Decrees made concerning the King's copyhold tenants . confirmed by parliament. A favipg of the rights and attions of others.

CAP. XXII.

A confirmation of a fubfidy granted by the clergy to the King. EXP.

CAP. XXIII.

One fubfidy and one fifteen granted to the King by the temporalty. EXP,

CAP. XXIV.

A confirmation of the King's general and free pardon, except,

EXP.

Anno

V

£59	[Anno	vicefiipp	piimo	Jacq?i,	e.	[161$.

Anno decima	a Jacobi Regis.

CAP. r.

Three intire Ajbfidi« granted by the fpiritnaltjr. EXP.

CAP. II.

Tpo i^6tt fubfidje* granted by the temporaky. EXP.

Anno Regni Jacobi Regis Anglia, Scotia, -cia & Hibernia,viz. Anglia, Francia & Hi~ h(rni<$ vicesimo prim, Scotia Jbptima.

AT the parliament begun and at Weftminfter the nineteenth day of February in	twentieth year

of the reign of our mop gracious fovereign lord James, by the grace of God, of England, France	Ireland, King,defender

of the faith. Scc. and of Scotland the feven and fiftieth: Anp there continued tfJttfl the nine and twentieth day of May following • And then prorogued until the fecond day of November one tboufand fix hundred twenty-four; To (be high pkqfure of Almighty God, and to the weal publick of this ftahn, were enabled as	fo

CAP. I.

fin all for the reviving and making perpetual of one. ad made in the nine and thirtieth year of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An adt for eredtfng of holpitals, and abiding and working houses for the poor.

The Statute of TT7’HEREAS in the parliament held in the nine and thirtieth 39 Eli*, c. j. Y Y year of the reign of the late Queen Elizabeth of happy me-madepcrpetu. npryi a g0t£ fay was made,intituled. An act for erefting of hof-pitals, or abiding and working boufes for the poor i but power,	licence	and,	authority	given	by	the faid

and efiablijh such boufes and	as are therein mentioned,

was confined to the Jpace of twenty years then next enfiting, which said time is now	expired:

II. Be it therefore enacted by the authority of this present parliament. That the said aft and all things therein contained, shall from henceforth be revived and made perpetual, to have continuance for ever.

The ereftion	HI. And be it also enafted, That'all hofpitals Maifons it

Ac^finc^'the ^’	Dieu,and abiding-places for poor, lame, maimed and impo-

ex pi ration of tent people, or for houses of correftion, at any time fince the 39 Eliz. c. 5. said twenty years expired erefted, founded or made, or at any confirmed.	time

*5i

*6*3-3 Anno yice&tio prinjQ Jagqbi. c.*.7

time hfirpftfir tp be erefted, founded or made, according to the purport of the feW ihtute, shall be incorporated, and have perpetual friccqS^pn and capacity, to have, take and cryoy all other privileges, bepejtfs and immunities* to all intents and purports, according to the provisions, tenqr, purport and true meaning of the (aid aft, as if the fame had been made, founded or endowed within the fpace of twenty ye^rs next enfuing the (aid ftatnte. 43 Eliz. r. 4.

CAP. IJ.

dn 48 for tbe general quiet of the fuijeBs against all pn-(MW *f wctalmetf vjhtfjgfm.'

HE King** moft excellent rpajeSty, pf his blefled and Concealed gracious difpofition, and abundant grace, defiring that h^s lands Shall not loving fobjedts, and their heirs and fucceflors, may quietly have be recovered, and hold all and Singular manors, lands, tenements and heredi-taments, which they, their anceftors or predeceflors, or any the King had other by, from or under whom they claim, have of lone time title unto enjoyed, is graciouflv pleafed that it be enacted; (2) and *hem within be it enacted by the feints moft excellent majesty, by and with b^ore^S the aflent arid content of the lords Spiritual and temporal, ahjl parliament, the commons, in this present parliament aflemhled, and by the 3 Info iSS. authority of the fame. That the King-s majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, Shali not at any time hereafter foe, impeach^ queftion or implead any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, for or in any wife concerning any manors, lands, tenements, rents, tithes or hereditaments, other than liberties and fran-chifes, or for or in any wife concerning the revenues, iSlues or profits thereof, or make any title, claim, challenge or deman d, of, in or to the famc^ or any pf them, by rcafon, of any right or title accrued and grown threescore years paft and more, an^ now in ejfe, unlefs his Majesty or fome of* his progenitors, pre-deceSTors or anceftors, or Some other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, under whom his Majesty any thing hath or lawfully claimeth, have been anfwered by force and virtue of any such right or title to the fame, the rents, revenues, iflues or profits thereof, within threefcore years next before the beginning of this prefent feffion of parliament, or that the fame have been duly in charge to his Majesty, or the late Queen Elizabeth, or have flood infuper of record within the said fpace of threefcore years: (3) And that every person or persons, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs and fucceflors, and all claiming by, from or under them or any of them, for and according to their and every of their several eftates and interests, which they have or claim to have in the fame refpedfively, Shall hereafter quietly and freely have, hold and enjoy, against his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, claiming by any title accrued or grown threefcore years paft or above, and now in ejfe, all and Singular manors, lands, tenements, rents, tithes and hereditaments wbatfoever, except liberties and franchifes, which he or they,

or

25*	Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi. c.*.’	[1623.

4ir hb or their, or any of their aoceftors or predeceflbrs, or thofe from, by or under whom they claim, have held or enjoyed, or taken the rents, revenues, iflues or profits thereof, by the fpace of threefcore years next before the beginning of this prefent feffion of parliament, unlefs his Majesty, or iome of his pro* genitors, predeceflors or anceftors, or feme other person or nerfons, bodies pojitick or corporate, by, from or under whom his Majesty any thing hath or lawfully claimeth in the said manors, lands, tenements, rents, tithes or hereditaments, by force of any right or title, haye been anfwered by virtue of any such right or title, the rents, revenues, iflues or other profits thereof, within threefcore years next before the beginning of this prefent feflion of parliament, or that the fame have been duly in /charge, or flood ittfuptr of record as aforesaid, within the said fpace of threefcore years: (4) And furthermore, that every person and peribns, bodies politick and corporate, their heirs and fuccefTors, and all claiming by, from or under them, or any of them, for and according to their and every of their fe-veral eftates and interefts which they have or claim refpe&ively, shall quietly and freely have, hold and enjoy all fiich manors, lands, tenements, rente, tithes and hereditaments, except liberties and franchifes, as they now have, claim or enjoy, (whereof his Majesty, his progenitors, predeceflors or ancestors, or he or they, by, from or under whom his Majesty any thing hath or lawfully claimeth, or fome of them, by force of fome right or tide to the fame, have not been anfwered by virr tue of luch right or title, the rents, revenues^ iflues or profit? thereof, within threefcore years next before the beginning of this prefent feflion of parliament:) Nor the fame have been duly in charge, or flood infuper of record as aforesaid, within the laid fpace of threefcore years, against all and every person and performs, their heirs and afligns, having, claiming pr pretending to have any eftate, right, title, inforeft, claim or demand whatr foever, of, in or to the fame, by force or colour of any letters

Satents or grants upon fuggeftion of concealment, or wrongful etaining, or not being in charge, or defeftive titled, or by, from or under any patentees or grantees, or any letters patents or grants upon fuggeftion of concealment, or wrongful detaining, or not being in charge, or defective titles, of or for which said manors, lands, tenements, rents, tithes and hereditaments, or any of them, no verdidt, judgment, decree, judicial order upon hearing, or fentence now Handing in force, hath been had or given in any altion, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty *s courts at IVeJlmnJlery for or in the name of the King’s majesty, or of the late Queen Eliza-bethy or for any of the said patentees or grantees, or for their or any of their heirs or afligns, within threefcore years next before the beginning of this prefent feflion of parliament.

II.	Provided always. That this adl, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to bar, impeach or hinder his Mv title to"8 § re	his or ^ucce®>rsi of, for or from any manors,

verfion*orre- lands, tenements^ rents? tithes or hereditaments, whereof any maiflder?	reverfan

This *5* shall pot impeach the King's

*5?

1623.} Anno viceftmo^rimb Jac6bi; c:i;

reverfion or remainder now is in his Majesty, for or concerns ing the said reverfion or remainder * (a) nor of, for or from aiiy xeverfionor remainder, or poffibility of reverfion or re-' mainder in any of his Majcfty’s progenitors, or predeceflors or anceftors, which by the expiration, end or other determination of any limited eftate of fee-fimple, ot of any fee«tail or other particular eftate, hath or ought to have fallen or become in poffefllon within the (pace of threefcore years next before the beginning of this prelent feflion of parliament: (3) Nor of, for or from any right or title first accrued or grown to his Ma--jcfty, or any of his progenitors,* predeceflors or anceftors, o£ in or to any manors, lands, tenements, rents, tithes or hereditaments, within the fpace of threefcore years next before the beginning of this prefent feflion of parliament and not before*

III. Provided also, and be it enacted by authority of this present parliament. That this aft or any thing therein contained shall not extend to any manors, lands, tenements, rents, tithes or hereditaments mentioned to be granted or conveyed by any of his Majeft/s progenitors, predeceflors or ahceftors, or by any other under whom his Majesty claimeth, to any per-fon or persons, of any limited eftate in fee-fimple, or of any eftate in tail or other particular eftate, which several eftates (if the fame had been good and effeftual in law) have or ought to have fallen or become in poflcflion within threefcore years nett before the beginning of this prefent fefiion of parliament, nor to any manors, lands, tenements, rents, tithes or hereditaments mentioned to be granted or Conveyed by any of his JVlaje-fty’s progenitors, predeceflors or anceftors, or by any other under whom his Majesty claimeth, to any person or persons, in fee-tail, or other particular eftate, whereof the reverfion or inheritance (if such eftatc-tail or other particular eftate had been good and effeftual in law) Ihould have been and continued in his Majesty,the first day of this prefent feflion of parliament.

IV.	Provided also, ana be it enacted by the authority of this This aft Oiall present parliament. That all and Angular the said manors, lands, not extend to tenements and hereditaments ftiall be holden of his Majesty, *lt** the te- • his heirs and fucceffors, and of other person and persons, bo-dies politick and corporate, their heirs and fuccefibrs refpec-tively, by the fame tenures, fervices, fee-farms, chief-rents, herriots and other duties, to all intents and purposes, as the fame (hould or ought of right to have been holden, if the eftates, rights and interefts eftablilhed and made fure by this prefent aft had been before the making of this aft firm, good and effeftual in law: (2) Saving to every person and perfons. The right of bodies politick and corporate, their heirs and fucceflors, (other others Saved, than his moil excellent Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and x Mod. 179. other than all patentees or grantees of concealments or de-feftive titles, and alland every person or persons claiming from, by or under them or any or them, for, in refpeft, or by rea-fon of any such patents or grants of concealments or defective titles] all such rights,.title, intereft, eftate, rents, com- -. .	v	mons.

It shall not extend to annul the custom of two-pence paid tor fea-coal at New-caftie.

AH refits an-fwered within fixty years, confirmed.

The King's tide required by this ad to be within fixty years, ought to accrue upon a verdiftor demurrer, See. and not upon abate putting in charge or fending1**-. fiptr.

This aa (halt not extend to land for which compoiition is or shall be made before

Annovicefiino primo Jacobi, c. t. [i6t$<

mens, cuftoms, duties, profits and other claims and demands whatfoever, in, to or ott of the said manors, lands, tenements, tithes or hmditaineiits,’ as they or any of them had or ought to hare had before the mating of this ift j any thing to' thi* aft. to the contrary notwithstanding.

V.	Provided always. That this act, nor ally thing therein contained. Shall extend to debar his Majesty, bis heirs or fuc-ceflbrs, of or from such claim and demand as his Majesty hath mdde, or may rightfully make, unto a certain duty or custom of two-pence upon a chaldron of fea-coal, to be paid in the port of the town of Netvcafllt upon Tim* with the members thereof, but that the fame shall be and remain m such fort and degree as if this aft had never been had or made.

. vl. Provided aMb, and be it enafted, That where ahy fee-farm, rent, or other rent or rents, have beeh anfwered and paid to the King’s majesty, or fo any his predeceflbta, by the tfiort part of ttoeefcofe years last paft, out of any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, of which manors,' lands, tenements or hereditaments, the eftates* rights or intfcrefts being defeftive, are eftablifhed and made fure by this prefent aft; That the King’s majesty, his heirs and fucceflots, shall from henceforth for ever have, hold and enjoy the said rents and arrearages thereof, in such manner and form, and as fully and amply, as the fame were enjoyed by the more part of threescore years last paft before the beginning of this feffion of parliament.

VII.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority of this present parliament. That no putting in charge, nor (landing mfiiper, nor taking or anfwering the form-rents, revenues or profits of any of the said lands, tenements or hereditaments, by force, colour or pretext of any letters patents, or grants of 4onceahnents,~ or defective titles, or of lands, tenements or hereditaments out of charge, or by force, colour or pretext of ariy imprifitions, prefentmentSj by of by reafon of any com-mlffion, or other authority to find out concealments, defective titles, or lands, tenements or hereditaments out of charge, shall be deemed/ conftrued or taken to be a putting in charge, (landing tnfuper> or taking or anfwering the farm-rents, revenues of profits, by of to his Majesty, or ahy of his progenitors or predeceffors, unlefe thereupon such lands, tenements or hereditaments, have beeh upon any information or fuit, on the behalf of his Maiefty, or of any hi's progenitors or prede-ceflbrs,' upon a lawful vefdift given, or demurrer in law adjudged, or upon a hearing ordered or decreed for his Majesty^ or any of his progenitors or predeceflbrs, or of any of them within the said fpace of threefcofe years.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That this act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend, or be prejudicial to his Majesty, for or concerning any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, for which any compbfition is, or before the end of this feffion of parliament, shall be made with

-	.	6	bis

Aiut6 vteefirfio prime* Jacobi; cvg*	4gg

his Mdjfcfty’s cotatoiffioifers for defe&ive titles, and th* monies the pul ofihi* by fiich compofitiohs payable td his Majfefty not paid before the parliament, end of this feffion of parliaments uriltfs the iaid monies shall be paid; and his Majdfty*s tetters patents procured according to the t . tree intent of ftteh competitions,- within three ritfhths inter the end of this of j^arliatnent.

CAP. III.

Ah Att concerning ttibnbpoliis and iifpcnfdtions WtB'plnAf laws arid the forfeitures tbettoj\ •

FOraftnuch as your mod excellent Majejly, in your royal judgment i Monopolies arid ofyokr htiffed mfpofitien to the weal and^mlt of fair fob- &c. contrary -jeiis, did in the yedrjf out Lord God one thoufundfix hundred and tothe!wWrf» tet, ft&ltfh in fktnf Uthe Whole fHlffii andtoattpofierityi ThataUxf}Umonopo- * gTaMs and monopolies, -and of the 'benlfit of any penal knot, ir flics, &c. (fall power to difpedte With} the law, orw compound for the forfeiture, be void. are contrary toyoitr Majefiy's laws, which your majeflfs declaration is truly cohfitiant aiidagreeable to the ancient and fundamental lows of this your realm.« (£) Ahd Whereas your Majejly was farther gra- 9 cioufiy pleafed, exprefy to Command, that no /utter Jbaufd prefume ti mow your Majejlyfor ttidtteft of that nature*, (3) yet neuerthelefs	'

upon ritifenformatiom, and utttrue pretences of publici good, many such grants have beets unduly obtained, and unlawfully tut in execution, to the great grievance and inconvenience of your Majejlfs fob-	-	\

jetts, contrary td the taws of this yiur realm, ’ and contrary to your Majeftfs mojl rtydl and bUJJed intention ft publijhed as forfaid:	.. J

(4) For avoiding whCredf, and preventing of the like in timer to come, may it pteafe your excellent Majesty, at the hcrmblef fuit of the lord's fpiritoSl and temporal, and the commons, ire this present parliament aflembled, That it may be declared and ehatfted ; (5) and be it declared and enacted by authority of this present parliament, That aU monopolies, and all com-; millions, grants, licences, charters and letters patents hereto-' fore made or granted, or hereafter to be made or granted, tat any perfoh or perfotis, bodies politick or corporate whatfoever,* of or for the foie buying, felling, making, Working or u(ing> of any thing within this realm, or the dominion of IVales, (6) or of any other monopolies, or of power, liberty or faculty,' to difpenfe with any others, or t<y give licence or toleration to' do, ufe or exercife any thing against the tenor or purport of any law or ftatute';■ (7) Or to give or make any warrant for any such difpertfation, licence or toleration to be had or made; or to agree or compound with any others for any penalty or forfeitures limited by any statute ; or of any grant or promite of the benefit, profit or commodity of any forfeiture, pehalty or fum of money, fhat is or shall be due by any ftatute, before judgment thereupon had; (8) and all proclamations, inhibitions, reftraints, warrants of afliftance, and all other matters and things whatfoever, any way tending to the inftituting, # erecting, ftrengtbning, furthering or countenancing of.thofamo

or

256	Anno vicefimcr primo Jacobi* c. 3;	[162	3+

I Mod.13*. or any of them; (9) ace altogether contrary to the laws of this realm, and fo are and shall be utterly void and of noneeffeCl,' and in no wife to be pot in ure pr execution.

Monopolies, U* * And be it further declared and  enacted by the authority Ac. flnUbe aforesaid, That all monopolies, and all such commiflions, tried by die grants, licences, charters, letters patents, proclamations, in-^ ofddTresdm* h*bitions, reftraints, warrants of affiflance, and all other matters and things tending asnfbr^faid, dnd the force and validity of them andof every of them,. ought .to. be and shall be for ever hereafter examined, heard, tried and determined by andf according to the common laws of this realm, and not other-wile.	■.	'

Ail serious. # III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaitf, djfabled to ufe That all person and perfons,* bodies politick and corporate monopolies, whatfoever, which now are or hereafter shall be, fhaU ftapd and be difabkd and uncapable to have, ufe, exereife or put in ure any monopoly, or any such commilfion, grant, licence, charter, letters patents, proclamation, inhibition, reftraint, warrant of afliftance, or other matter or thing tending as afore-faid, • or any liberty, power or faculty, grounded or pretended to be grounded upon them or any .of them. <

^ePdt?r Iv«.And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, pr^ext o?a That if any person or performs at any time after the end of forty monopoly,&c. days next after the end of this prefent feffiorl of parliament, (ball recover shall be hindred, grieved, difturbed or disquieted, or. his or treble damx- their goods or chattels any way feiaed, attached, diftrained, SfttTdd°UWe ^en, carried away or detained, by occafion or pretext of any / monopoly, or of* any such commimon, grant, licence, -power, liberty, faculty, letters patents, proclamation, inhibition* re-ftrainr, warrant of afliftanee, or other matter or thing tending 4s aforesaid, and will fueto be relieved in or for any of the premises ; that then and in every such cafe, the fame person and peribns shall and may have his and their remedy for the fame at the common law, by any a&ion or actions to be grounded upon this statute ; the fame adtion and actions to be heard and determined in the courts of King’s bench, common pleas and exchequer or in any of theip, against him or them by whom he or they shall be fo hindered, grieved, difturbed or difquieted, qr against him or them by whom his or their goods or chattels shall be fo feized, attached, diftrained, taken, carried away or detained; (2) wherein all and every such person and persons which shall be fo hindered, grieved, difturbed or difquieted, or wbofe goods or chattels* shall be fo feized, attached, diftrained, taken, carried away or detained, shall recover three times fo much as the damages which he or they fuftained by means or occafion of being fo hindred, grieved, difturbed or difquiet-x ed, or by means of having his or their goods or chattels feized, attached, diftrained, taken, carried away or detained, and double cofts; (3) and in such fuits, or for the (laying or delaying thereof, no elfojn,. protection, wager of law, aid prayer, privilege* injunction or order of reftraint, shall be in any wife

prayed

*57

1623 J Anno vicdinfp^prSmp Jacobi, c.3.

prayed, granted, admitted or allowed^ dor any more than one imparlance: (4) And if any prifon^or perfonsfhall, after ho-He that delay-tice given, that the action dependingis grounded upon this fta-lute, caufe ot procure anyia&ran at .the common law, ground- thjs itarute ed upon this ftatute, to be flayed or delayed before judgment* incurs a prae-by colouror means of any order, warrant, power or authority, munire. fave.only of the. court wherein ;fuch adion as aforesaid shall be brought and.depending, or after judgfnent had upon , such action, 'mall caufe or procure the execution of or upon any such judgment to be flayed or delayed by colour or means oif any order, warrant, power or authority^ Tfave only by writ of error cm- attaint; that then the laid person and persons fa offending fjiallincur and. fuftain the pains, penalties and forfeitures* ordained and provided by the ftatute.of provifion and pratmniri made in the fifteenth year of .the reign of K\ngRicbard the a. c. j* Second. .

V.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it declared and -enacted, Letterspa-That any declaration before mentioned shall not extend to any^tent* letters patents and grants of privilege for the term of one and*tu^sro^SlC^ twenty years or under, heretofore made, of the foie working- i

or making of any manner of new manufacture within this;

realm, to the first and true inventor or .inventors .of fuch'

manufactures, which others at the time of the making

of such letters patents and grants did not .ufe, fo they be .not*

contrary to the law, nor mifehievous to the ftate, by raifing’

of the prices of commodities at home, or hurt of trade, or gev

nerally inconvenient, but that the fame ihall be of such force’

as they were or should be, if this aft had not been made, and*

of none other: (2) And if the fame were made for more than:

one and twenty years, That then the fame for the term of

one and twenty years only, to be accounted from the date of-

the firlt letters, patents and grants thereof madev shall be. of

fuch force as th^y were or should have been, if the fame had

been mad$. biit for term of one and twenty years only, and as	T

if this a&.had never been had or made, and of none othdr.

VI.	Provided also, and be it declared and enacted. That any declaration before mentioned shall not extend to any letters pa* tents and grants of privilege for the term of fourteen years or

under, hereafter to be made, of the foie working ormaking of	^

any manner of new manufactures within this realm, to the true

and jirft.inventor and inventors of. such manufactures^ which

others at the time of making such letters patents and grants

ihall,not ufe, ’fb as also they be not contrary to the law, nor.

mifehievous to the: ftate, by raifing prices of commodities at

home, or hurt; of trade, or generally inconvenient: The faid

fourteen years to be accounted from the date of the first letters

patents, or grant of such privilege hereafter to be made, but ,

that the fame fh*U be of such force a*: they should be, if this

z& had never been made, and of none other.

VII.	Provided and jit is hereby further intended, de-» Pran*skcon^

dared, and enacted by authority dfordaid^-That thisiaft or ofwlStaent. ’ \0U VII.	S	.	thing	faved.

Charters granted to corporations, fayed.

3fait. t&$

258	Anno vicdhrio prihro^JaboBi. c.3.

thing therein contained (ha&oifc in any Wife attend, or bn prejudicial to. ait y grant orprivdtge, powir&c authority whatsoever heretofore made, gnartdd, allowed or uonfirined by any aft of parliament now in Farce, fo long as the fame lhall fo continue in forea.	•............

xxr,r„nf, VTJL Proyided also, That this ajft lhall .not extend to any granted to warrant 6t privy fed, matic or directed ar t® bexunde or dircc-luftices, laved, tfid by lus Majbfty, hik berrs.orfocceffortyto-thc joftkes of 'the courts of the King’s bench or domoon .pleas, and barone of the exchequer, juftices'of afltfce, jutbcej of oyer and ttrminer and gaol-deli Very, juftiees of the. peace, and. other joftices for the time being, having power, to-hear and determine offences done againll any penal! ftatute, to cothpound foe-the forfeitures of any penal ftatute, depending in fuit and qqeftkn before them or any of them:relpe<9£vely, after plea: pleaded'by the party defendant.

IX.	Provided aMo, and it is hereby further intended, ■ declared and enabled. That this atft or any thing therein contained lhall not in any wife extend or be prejudicial unto the city of London. or to any city, borough or toWn corporate within -this realm* far or concerning any grants, charters or letters patents, to them or any of them made or -granted, Or for or Concerning iny culiom or cuftoms ufed by or within them or any of them-} (2) or untO any corporations, companies or fellowmips of any art, trade, occupation or myftery, or p any companies' or focieties of merchants within this realm, ended for the maintenance, enlargement, or ordering of any trade of merchandise ; (3) but that the-fame charters, cuftomss corpora-tkmi, companies, fellowthips and focieties and their liberties, privileges, powers and imtnunifies, lhall be and continue of fucbiforce and cffetS as they Were before -the making of this' ad, and of none .otherj any tiring before in .this ad contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding-.

X.	Provided alio, and be‘«t enaded, Thar this ad, Or any tents that con- declaration,, provision, difabkment, penalty, forfcitute, orother li™petre,tin8’ thing before-mentioned, lhall not extend to any tetters patents gunpowder, or grants of privilege heretofore made, or hereafter to be made, great ord- of, for or concerning printings (a) nor taanycommiffibn, grant Bfl£-ce’ lf°!!jor hr letters patents heretofore made, or hereafter to he made, ofy owces, uvea. ^ 0( Concerning the digging, making or compounding of lalt-

petre or gunpowder, or the cafting or making of ordnaboe, foot for ordnance, (3} nor to any gram orletters patents heretofore made, or hereafter to be made, 'of any office or offices heretofore ended, made or ordained, and ncAv in being, and put in execution, other than Inch offices-as 'have been decried by any his Majesty’siprodamatfon or proclamations: (4) But that aQ and every the feme grants, commifllons and letters patents, ind all Other matters and things tending to the maintaining, flrengthning and furtherance of the fame, or any of . them, shall be and remain of the'like force and effedf, and no other, and as free from the declarations, proviiions, penalties ........ <	and

Letters pa-

Anno vicdimo prittio Jacobi. q. 3.	259

and forfeitures contained in this a&, as if this aA had never been had nor made, and not otherwife< . .

XI.	Provided also, and bo it enacted, That this aA, or any Th,»*Jj*n declaration, provifion, difablement, penalty, forfeiture, or "omm^ffions10 other thing before-fnentiohed, shall not extend to any com- tor alhu» million, grant, letters patents or privilege heretofore mode, or mine* j hereafter to be made, of, for or concerning the digging, compounding or malting of allmn or alliim mines, but that all and

every the feme coramiflions, grants, letters patents and privileges (hail be and remain of the like force and cffeA, and no other, and as free from the declarations, provifions, penalties and forfeitures contained in this adt, as if this. aA bad never been had nor made, and not otherwise.

XII.	Provided also, and be it ena&ed, That this a£t, or any Nor to the li< declaration, provifion, penalty, forfeiture, or other thing be- bertie* of fore-mentioned, shall not extend or be prejudicial to arty ufe, ^xinf^tmr cuftom, prefeription, franchifc, freedom, jurifidi&ion, imtnu- °o lueiice* of nity, liberty, or privilege, heretofore claimed, ufed or enjoyed keeping ta-by the governors and (towards, and brethren of the fellowfnip vernij

of the hoaft-men of the town of Ntwtaflkupon 77**, or by the ancient fellowfhip, guild or fraternity, commonly called hoaft-men, (.2) for or concerning the felling,canying, lading, difpofing, fhipping, venting or trading of or for any fea-coals, (lone-coals or pit-coals, forth or out of the haven and river of f?*r; or to any grant made by. the said governor and (lewards, and brethren of the fellowfhip of the said hoaft-men, to the late Queen Elizabeth,of any duty or (urn of money tobe paid for or iri refpeA of any such coals as aforesaid; (3) nor to any grants, letters patents or commiflion, heretofore granted, or hereafter • to be granted, of, for or concerning the licencing of the keeping of any tavern or taverns, or felling, uttering or retailing of wines to be drank or fpent in the manfion houfe or boufes, or other place in the tenure or occupation of the party or parties So feNing or uttering the feme ; or for or concerning the making of any -cwnpofitions for such licences,- fo as the benefit of filch competitions be referred and appfied to and for the ufe of his •

Majefty, his heirs of fueceffors, and not to the private ufe of any other person of perfons.

XItt,' Provided allbj arid be it enaAed, That this-aA, or any Nor to letters declaration, provifion,- penalty, forfeiture, or other thing be- patent* grant-fore-mentioned, lfiall not extend or be prejudicial to a grant of ‘d privilege for or concerning the making of glafs, by his Maje- jjSt. or to”* fty’s letters pat eh tv under the great fealof England, bearing date jametMaxe-the two and twentieth day of May m the one and twentieth well, Eup, year of his Majesty’s reign of England,made and granted to Sir Robtrt Mmfel knight, vice-admiral of England: (2) Nor to a grant or letters patents bearing date the twelfth day of Junt in the thirteenth year of his Majesty’s reign of	, made

t o ‘James MaimvtU e Fquire, concerning the tranfportation of calves (kins : .(3) But-that the foidfeveraf letters patents lift mention-

S 2	ed

Anno vicesimo primo Jacobs c. 4.	tl&2&

<*d shall be and remain of the like force and effelt, and as free from the declarations, provifions, penalties and forfeitures before-mentioned, as if this alt had never been had nor made, and not otherwise.

XIV.	Provided also, and be it declared and enalted, That this alt* or any declaration, proviiion, penalty, forfeiture, of other thing before-mentioned, shall not extend or be prejudicial to a grant or privilege for or concerning the making of fnkalt; by his Majesty’s letters patents under the great feal of England, bearing date tne fixteenth day of February in the fixteenth year of his Majesty’s reign of England, made or granted to Abraham Baker: (a) Nor to a grant or privilege, for or concerning the melting of iron ewer, and of making the fame into caft-works or bars with fea-coals or pit-coals, by his Majesty’s letters patents under the great feal of England, bearing date the twentieth day of February in the nineteenth year of his Majesty’s reign of England, made or granted to Edward lord Dudley; (3) but that the fame several letters patents and grants shall be and remain of the like force and effelt, and as free from the declarations, provifions, penalties and forfeitures before-mentioned, as if this all had never been had nor made, and not otherwise.

CAP. IV.

An aS for the cafe of the fubjett, concerning informations upon penal Jlatutes.

WHEREAS the offences againjl divers and sundry penal laws

r_........... and Jlatutes of this realm may better, and with more eafe and

ftatute* shall lefs charge, to the Jubjeft, be commenced, fiud, informed againjl, be orofecuted profecuted and tried in the counties where Juch offences  shall be com-wheiVtheof! nsitted: (2) And whereas the poor commons of this realm are griev-fences were oufy charged, troubled., vexed, molejied, and diflurbed by divers committed, troublefome persons, commonly called relators, informers and pro-4 Inft. 17*.	motors, by prosecuting and inforcing them to appear in his MajeJlyJs

elo	courts at Weftminfter, and to anfwer offences fuppofed bp them to

383! 1 Vent. s. he committed againjl the Jhidpenal laws andJlatutes, or etfe to com-3 Inft. 193. pound yoitb them for tlje fame: (3) For remedy whereof, be it Latch 191.	cnalled by the authority of this present parliament, That all

HMod aaV °^ences hereafter to be committed against any penal ftatyte, for Cro. Car. ii», which any common informer or promoter may lawfully ground 14$, 316. any popular allion, bill, plaint, fuit or information, before Jones 193. justices of affize, juftjees of Nift prius or gaol-delivery, justices 1 lisde H 4P °ycr an(* terminer* or justices of peace in their general or C. 197, ’ * quarter-feflions, (ball after the end of this prefent feflion of parliament be commenced, fued, profecuted, tried, recovered and determined, by way of a&ion, plaint, bill, information , or indillment, before the justices of aflize, justices of Ntji prius, justices of oyer and terminer and justices of gaol-delivery, or before the justices of peace of every county, city, borough, or town corporate, and liberty, having power to enquire of,

hear

z6a

Nor to thofe granted to Abraham Baker, or Edward lord Dudley.

Informations

1623.]	Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi. 6.4.	261

hear and determine, the fame, within this realm of England\ or dominion of lVales9 wherein such offences shall be committed, in any.of the courts, places of judicature, or liberties aforesaid refpc&ively, only at the choice of the parties which shall or will commence fuit or profecute for the fame, and not elfewhere, fave only in the (aid counties, or places ufual for thofe counties, or any of them: (4) And that the like procefs upon every popular aftion, bill, plaint, information, or fuit, to be commenced, or fued, or profecuted after the end of this prefent feflion of parliament, by force of or according to the purport of this a<ft, be had and awarded, to all intents and purposes, as in an action of trefpafe, Vi & Carthew 4$s* armisy at the common law; (5) and that all and all manner of informations, adUons, bills, plaints and fuirs whatfoever, hereafter to be coiximenced, fued, profecutedi or awarded, either by the attorney general of his Majesty, his heirs or fuc-ceffors tor the time being, or by any officer or officers whatfoever for the time being, or by any common informer or other person whatfoever, in any of his Majesty’s courts at Wejiminr Jltr, for or concerning any of the offences, penalties or forfeitures aforesaid, shall be void and of none effect; any /aw, cuftom, or usage to the contrary thereof notwithdanding.

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid? Upon default 'Chat in all informations to be exhibited, and in all bills; of proving counts, plaints and declarations, in anyadlion or fuit to W jhattheo^ commenced again!! any person er persons, either by or on the behalf of the King, or any other fororconcernihg iny offencecdm- the ktAc	*

mitted or to be committed again!! any penal ftatufe, the offence county, the shall be laid and alledged to have been committed in the said county where such offence was in truth committed, and not elfewhere: (2) And if the defendant to any such information, Carthewsijo, action or fuit, pleadeth that he owetfi nothing, or that he rs * Mo^. 24$. not guilty ; and the plaintiff or informer in such information, 9*-a&ion or fuit, upon evidence to the jury that shall try such iflue, shall not both prove the offence laid in the said information, a&ion or fuit, and that the fame offence was committed in that county; then the defendant and defendants shall be found not guilty.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The informer That no officer or minifter in any court of record shall receive, Sat the file or enter of record ariy information, bill, of plaint, count offence was or declaration,. grounded upon the said penal statutes or any committed in'

of them, which before by this ad! are appointed to be heaVd	,	Jt

and determined in their proper counties, until the informer* or relator hath first taken a corporal oath before fotae of the judges Cdmm,thx:*d: ’ of that court,, that the offence or offences laid in filch rpror- 1 saHc. 572I ’ mation, action, fuit or plaint, was or were not comfoittfedhi 373* any other county than where by the said information, bill; plaint, count or declaration, the fame is or are foppofed to.have’been committed, ar>d that he believeth in his conference, the-offence

S3	*39

Anno vkefitnoprimo Jacobi. C5.

was committed within a year before the information or within the lame county wliere the said information or lint was committed, the fame oath to be there entred of record.

The defen-	be	it	alfo	ena<f\ed by the authority aforesaid. That

dant in an'in- if apy information, fuit or aftion shall be brought or exhibited formation up- against any person or persons, for any offence committed or to on a penal . be committed against the form of any penal law, either by or ph»d the*ge- on behalf or the King, or by any other, or on the behalf neral iffue. °f King and any other, it shall be lawful forfuch defendants to plead the general iflue, that they are not guilty, or that they owe nothing, and to give focb fpecial matter in evidence to the jury that shall try the fame, which matter being pleaded, had been a good and foffieijent matter in law to have difeharged the said defendant or defendants against the said information, fuit or a&ion, and the said matters shall bp then a* available to him or them, to all intents and purposes, as if he or they had fufticiently pleaded, fet forth or alledged thfe fame matter ia bar, or difeharge of such information, fuit or atftion.

Certain of-	V. Provided always. That this ad, or any daufe contained

fence, ex-	therein, shall not extend to any information, fuit or a&ion,

cepted. grounded upon any law qr statute made against popifh recufants, of for or concerning popifh recu fancy, or against thofethat shall not frequent the church and hear divine fervlce; (2) nor to any information, fuit or a&ion, for maintenance, champerty',

■ or buying of titles; (3) nor to any fuit or information grounded upon the statute made in the first year of the reign of our 1J it.i.e. 3V fovereign lord the King, of a fubfidy granted, to the King, of tonnage, poundage, wool, &c. (4) .nor for or concerning the ,	concealing	or	defrauding	the King, his heirs or focceflors, of

•	•	any cuftom, tonnage, poundage, fubfidy, import or prifage; (5)

or for tranfporting of gold, fiiver, ordnance, powder, (hot, munition of all Tons, wool, woolfels or leather, but that such offeree may be laid qr alledged to be in any county, at the plea- ■ fore of any informer; any thing in this a& to the contrary not-vvjthftandtng. • 18 El. i. 5.

‘	. CAP. V.

aft	that ffieriffs, their , executors and	,

having a Quietus eft, jhall abfoluteiy	of	their

accounts.

tfl T^GRASiVfUCH as divers Jb of 'fevered counties within this * realm qf England and	of	Wales	have hem of late

d! fcharge hiu\ nuteb troubled and vexed long time after that they have pajfed their pffdijtfamauaetokntfy and had their Quietus eft, end

due to the . roofages, doits and otherfums if money pretended to have.been by them levied and received, and. not formerly accounted for, to the great dif-amragement of others, to take upon them the said office: (2) be it therefore enabled by the King's moft excellent majesty, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par-.	liament

1623.3	■	Aflno	*ic«fci)<! promo Jacobi, c.6.	263

Lament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That whensoever any Sheriff or Sheriff; within this realm of England or dominion otJVeies,upon the palling of their accounts, lhall liave their Quietus eft. That then and from thenceforth the laid Sheriff or Sheriffs, their heirs, executors and administrators, lands, tenements, goods and chattels. Shall be absolutely discharged of all manner of Sum or Stuns of money which he or they Shall havo-fo levied or received, and pretended' not to be accounted for within die Said account whemupori he or they had their .Quietus eft, unlefs Such Sheriff or Sheriffs Shall- be The officer called in queftion for Such Sum or funis of money pretended to t!|a^lve^tb be levied and received, and pot accounted for, within the Space d?' of four years after the time of their Said account and Quietus : ail Shall for-

(3)	ana that every officer or minister that Shall lend out or feit 4.0I. Caufe to be lent out any writer procefs, or by whofe default any writ or procefs Shall be fent out, contrary to this act, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay to the patty grieved forty c. *1. f. s. * pounds, with his coft and damages; the Said Sum of forty pounds and the said coils apd damages to be recovered by any action of debt, bill, plaint or information, to be brought and profecuted in the court of the King’s bench or the court of the common pleas, at the election of the plaintiff: wherein ho privilege, prote&ion, efibin or wagejr of law Shall be allowed to the defendant.

II. And further be it ena&ed. That every foch offender bet- Focshe third* ing three times lawfully convi&ed of any foch' offence or of- offence lhall fences, upon the trial of foch' action of debt, bill, plaint dr **	to

information, shall for such his pffence or offences contrary to die true meaning of this atfl, be utterly disabled to be or Con- y tinue in any office or impioyment in the hud court of exchequer or in any other court of jullice whatfoever.

CAP. VI.

An aft concerning utppsen cottviftedof felonies.

WHEREAS by the laws of this realm the benefit of clergy is not For felony, allowed to women	cormtUd offelony^by many where clergy.

women do ftcffifr death for	J'malleaufes; {2) be it ehtffted	by the jf alto"**! to

authority of this present parliament, That any woman being ^^tn^hall lawfully convi&ed by her 'confeSfion or by the verdift of twelve be burned in men, of of for the felonious taking of any money, goods or. tbs to>4- ' chattels, above the value of twelve-pence, and under-the value of ten Shillings, or as acceffary to any such offence, the-faid offence being no burglary hor robbery in or near me highway, nor the felonious taking of any money, goods ©^chattels,-from the person of any man or woman priyily, without' his or their knowledge, but only Such an offence, as in the like cafe a mah might have his clergy, Shall for the first offence be branded and marked in the hand, upon tire1 brawn of the left thumb with a hot burning iron, having a roman T ripon the Said utm: The said mark to be made by the gaoler openly m the Court before tlie judge; {ift- and also to be further punched by imprifon-

$ 4	ment.

“Anno .vice&maprima JAcobi. e.7.	06i$Z

mcnt, whipping, flocking or fending to the houfe of oorredtion, in such fort, manner and form, and for fo long time (not exceeding the fpace of one whole year) ?s the judge, judges oar other justices before whom (he shall be fo convidbed, or which shall have authority in the caufe, shall in their diferetion think meet, according to the quality of the offence, and then to be delivered out of prifon for • that offence; any law, custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding. (4) Thfc adl to continue until the end of the first leflion of the next parliament. 3 Car. 1.1. 4. Continued until the end of the first fejfion of the next parliament, and farther continued by 10 Car. u c. 4.

CAP. VII.

An aEt far the better reprefftng of drunkennefs, and rtftraining the inordinate haunting of inns* alehoufes and other victualling* houfes.

The statutes of \I7HEREAS one ftatute, intituled* An adb to reftrain the in-j Jac. 1. c. 9. V V ordinate haunting of tipling in inns, alehoufes and other 4 Jac^ 1. c. 5. -vi&uallmg-houfes, made in the first year of bit Highnefs happy reign madeperpe- ^England, and another Jlatute* intituled, An adfc to reprefs the One witnefs odious and loathfome (in of drunkennefs, made in the fourth year shall be fuf- of biy Higbmfs reign of England* were made to continue to the end (ident to con- 0fi the first fejfion of the next parliament, and by experience have been ri^in ™nd°f found good and necejfary laws; be it therefore enacted, That the druiitarindi. f*M- statutes, with the alterations and additions hereafter ex-preffed, shall be put in due execution arid continue for ever: «	(2) and whereas by the said statutes, proof of two witneffes ip

required, be:it enacted, That proof of one witnefs from hence-forth shall beallowed and takenfor fpffident in that behalf: (3) him that con- an<* *kat d*6 voluntary confeffion (before any such persons as fefleth the of- by the said adt are authorized to minifler the oath) of any per-fence shall be fon offending either of the said statutes, shall fuffice to con-afufficient vince the person jbpffending; (4)'after such confeffiqn the wT°oufer,nft oatb °f the party fo confeffing shall And may be taken, and be any o ier. a	proof	againft	any	other	offending	at the fame time.

He that ftays . And be it further enacted, That if any other perfon4 or tipling in an persons, wfterefoever his or their habitation or abiding bey shall inn, See. shall at any time hereafter be found upon view, or his own confeffion, naltv i!5i§La—1r Pro0^ one witnefs, to be tipling in any jnn, alehoufe or by4jac.i.c.5. vjvftualling-boufe, such person or persons shall be from henceforth adjudged and conftrued to be within, the said flatutes, a$ ..if he or fhey had inhabited, and dwelt in the city^ town corr porate, market-town, village or hamlet where the fa*d inn, aler houfe, or yi^u^dling hcufe is or shall be, where he or they shall •jbe fo found;tipling, and shall incur the like penalty, and the .fame to be fo such fort levied and difpofed, as in the said adt i? exprefied concerning such 3s there inhabit: (2) and the voluntary confeffion of luch perfon.or persons fo offending, before luch as by the said flatutes are authorized to cninifter the oath, tfiall fuffice to convince themfelves; (3) and after such con-teffion, the oath of such person or pertons fo confeffing, shall

and

1623.] Anno vieefimo prtmo Jacobi. c,8.

and may . be taken by such as by the said aft have authority to minifter an oath, and shall be a fufficient proof against any other offending at that time.

* III. And be it further enafted. That any juftice of peace in He that 1* any county, and any juftiCe of peace or other head officer in any convi&ed of city or town corporate, within their limits refpeftively, (hail drunkennefs from henceforth have power and authority, upon his own view, * or e4t confeflion of the party, or proof of one witnefs upon oath before him, which he by virtue of this aft shall have power to adminifter, to convince any person of the offence of drunken- , nefs, whereby such person fo convift shall incur the forfeiture of five shillings for every such offence, and the fame to be levied, or the offender otherwise punifhed, as in the said ffatute Forthefecond is appointed: and for the fecond offence he shall become bound offence he to the good behaviour, as if he had been convifted in open feffions; any thing in the said former ffatute made in the behaviour/ fourth year or his Majeffy’s reign to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV.	And be it further enafted. That if any person being an An alehoufe-

alehoufe-keeper, or that shall at any time hereafter be an ale- keeper offend-houfe-keeper, shall at anytime hereafter be lawfully convift	be

for any offence against any the branches of either of the said keeping an"* two former statutes, according to the alterations and additions alehoufe three therein contained, or against the true meaning of this prefent years after, statute} That every person fo convift shall for the fpace of three

years next enfuing the said conviftion be utterly dilabied to kcepanv such alehoufe.

V. And whereas in tty said Jlatute made in the fourth year of his jac t c faid-MajeJly's reign,, intituled, An aft to reprefs the odious and Conftables, loathfome fin of drunkennefs, conjlables, churchwardens, head* &c. fhali be boroughs, tithingmen, aleconners arid fidemen are appointed in tty charged (on paths incident to their offices, to be hkewife charged to prefent the [oprefcnt the offences contrary to the Jaid Jlatute; (2) be it enafted, That the offences cora-jaid oath shall always hereafter be also enlarged, and extend to mitted against prefent all offences done contrary to the ffatute made in the 1 J*0*	9-ftrff feffion of parliament held in the ffrff year of his Highnefs

reign, intituled. An aft to refrain the inordinate haunting and tipling in inns and alehoufes, and qtber viflualling-houfes, with the alterations and additions in this aft contained, made in jhe said fourth year of his said Majesty’s reign, according to the alterations and additions of the fame in this aft expreffed. j Car, i. r. 4.

CAP. VIII.

An alt to prevent and punifh the abufes itf procuring procefs . and Superfedeas of the peace and good behaviour, out of his Majeflfs courts at Wcftminfter, and to prevent the abufes in procuring writs of Certiorari out of the said courts, for the removing of indictments found before jttftices of the peace in their general feffions.

AX7HKREAJS divers turbulent and contentious persons, fome out y r of malice and others in hope of gain by way of comp fit ion, do

oftentimes

Procefs and writs of Supei fedeas of trie

upon motion in open court,

Certiorarits shall not be allowed, un-JeA the in-diaee will be bound to pay cods.

%6&	Anna	vicefimo	primo	Jacobi, 0.8. [rtfe#.

eft mimes upon their corporal oaths peremptorily and corruptly taken* or otherwise upon falfe Juggeftims and farmijis\ procure procefi of the peace or good behaviour out of his Meyeftft courts of chancery and King's bench, against divers of his Majeftfs quiet fvhjeSts, whofe dwellings and abodes are for the moft part) m counties far defiant and remote from thefind courts, to their intolerable trouble and vexation, whereas they might upon good taufe Jhewed receive jufttet at the hands ofthe juft ices of the peace in the counties where they dwell $

II.	For remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority of this present parliament. That all proeels of* the peace or good behaviour, after the end of this feUion of parliament to be peace, or good granted or awarded out of the feme courts or either of them, against any person or persons whatfoever, at the fuit of or by granted but ^ profecution of any person or persons whatfoever, shall be void and of none effedt, unlefs such procefs shall be fo granted or awarded, upon motion first made before the judge or judges of the feme courts refpedtively, fitting in open court, find upon declaration in writing, upon their corporal oaths, to be then exhibited unto them, by the parties which shall delire such procefs, of the caufes for which such procefs shall be granted or awarded, by or out of any the said courts refpedtively, and unlefs that such motion and declaration be mentioned to be made upon the "back of the writ ; the said writings there to be entred and remain of record: (2) and ths*tif it shall afterwards appear unto the said courts or either of them refpedtively, that the caufes exprefietj in such writings or any of them be untrue; that then the judge or judges of the said courts or either of them re-fpedtively, shall and may award such cofts and damages unto the parties grieved, for their or any of their wrongful vexations in that behalf, as they shall think fit: and that the party or parties fo offending shall and may be committed to prifon by such judge or judges * until he or they pay the said cofts and damages. (3) And whereas divers turbulent and contentious persons, aefervedly fearing to be bound to the peace or good behaviour by the justices of peace of the counties where they dwell, do oftentimes procure tbemfelves to be bound to the peace or good behaviour in the said courts or one of them, upon inefficient fureties, or upon colourable profecution of fome person or persons, who will be ready at all times to rtleafe them at their (nun pleajhre; whereupon bis Majefiy's writs of Super fedeas are oftentimes directed to the justices of peace and other his Majefiy's officers, requiring them and every of them to forbear to arreft or irn-ffifin the parties aforesaidfor the caufes aoavefaid \ by means whereof the said turbulent and contentious persons mifdemean tbemfehes amongft their neighbours with impunity, to the great offence and dif-turbance of their neighbours amongft whom they converfe and live, and to the affront of the justices of peace, and to the evil example and encouragement of like evil-difpofed persons ;

III.	Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all writs of Superfeckas after the end of this prefent feffion of parliament, to be granted by or out of either of the courts aforesaid, shall be void and of none efledt, unlefs such procefs

be

267

1613*] Anno vicesimo prirao Jacobi, c.fr.

be granted likewise upon motion in open court first made as aforefoidj and upon such Efficient fureties, as (ball appear unto the judge or judges of the*famt court receptively upon oath, to be anefied at fiive pounds lands, or teo pounds in goods, in the fubfidy-boak, at the leaft 5 {2) which oaths, and the names of inch fureties, with the places of their abode, and where the/

Hand fo aflfeffed fa the fubfidy-books, shall beentred and remain of record in the fame courts : (3) and unlefs it shall also first appear unto the said judge or judges, from whom such fuper-feaeas is defired, That the prpcels of the peace, or good behaviour, is profecuted again!! him or them, defiring such Sup&-fedeas bona /dir, by fome party grieved in that court out of which such Superjedeas is defired to be fo awarded and dhre&ed.	March *7.

IV.	And whereas divers lewd and evil-difpofed persons, tom- p' *' manly called common bailers or knights of tip pofiy being bafe and beggarly persons, do oftentimes procure themfelves to be ajfefjid at high rates in the fubfidy-books, and fometimes do falfiy take upon them the names of other men of good ability, of pufpofe to enable themfelves *to

hb accepted for bail, which persons being offinall or noability or worthy are ready for lucre and gain to become bound by recognizance os furetiesfor such persons as Jballprocure, themfelves to be bound to the peace or good behaviour as oforejaidy by means whereof the judge or judges of the field courts not knowing tbemy may be eafily abufed and jujiice

V.	Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Falfc fureties

the judgeor judges of thecoum aforesaid refpedfiveIy,orof either procured for of them,. Upon proof of any the mifdemeanors aforesaid, to be committed fa the obtaining of the aforesaid Writs of Super feieaSy	MUiT

of procuring such furety as aforesaid, shall and may likewise punttbed by punifh the falfe and infufikient fureties and bailers aforesaid, the judges, and the procurers thereof, according to their diferetions, fo as

fuch punifhment extend not to the lofs of life or member.

VI.	And whereas divers bids of indictments of riot, forcible entry, or of affault and battery, being pun A before the justices of peace at their quarter-fefftons of the peace or otherwife9 are oftentimes removed from the counties where such indictments are fotmd9 by writs of Certiorari unto them directed out of the said courtSy by or by the means of the persons fojndiCteiy who wed know that few or no persons grieved by Juch their outrages and mifdemeanors whereof, they flan A fo in-dieted, wilt undergo the travel or charge ofprofecution of such indictments fo removed, by bringing the parties fo indicted to trial; by means whereof such offendersfof the mofi part efcape unprofecuted and unpurtijhed, and the King lofeth the fines which ought and Jhouli have been impofed upon tbemy if such indictments bad been profecutedy and not removed:

VII.	Be it therefore enacted, That *11 such writs of Certiorari Certiorari™ shall from ondafteftheend of this prefent feffiort of parliament, frail not be be delivered' at (btne quarter-feffions of the- peace in open court: *!1fow*cl •“"* (2) and that the'parties indi&ed shall before the allowance of diftee ViHbe* such Ctrtioraritt become bound unto such perTon or persons come bound which fhalj profecute fuch/bUto of k)di£jn»en£ again# them, in to payooft*

the

*68	Anno	vicefitno prinio Jacobi, 0.9,10.	[1613.

Farther pro- the fum of ten pounds, with such fufficicnt fu reties as the itif-'ilatins tices of peace at their said quarter-feflions of the peace mall ricg, 'TxSc ia. think fit, with condition to pay unto the said profecutors of such Car*, i.c.6.* bills of indictment, within one month after the conviction of fi 16.	fuch parties indicted, such reafonable cofts and damages as the

%z Car.2.c.ia* said justices of peace of such counties where such bills of in* <6c 6 w.&M.	fhall be found, in the said fefiions of the peace shall

c. ix. ‘ affefs or allow : (3) and that in default thereof, it shall be lawful for the said justices to proceed to trial of such indictments ; any such writs of Certiorctri to remove the fame indictments notwithstanding.

CAP. IX.

EXP.	An aCt for the free trade and traftick ofWelfli clothes, cottons, frizes,

linings and plains in and through (he kingdom of England and dominion of Wales. The inhabitants of Wales may fell their clothes freely. Welfh clothes may be tranfported. To continue for /evenyears*

CAP. X.

An aS of repeal of one branch of the fiatute made in the feffion of parliament holden by prorogation at Weftminfter the twenty-fccond day of January the thirty-fourth year of the reign of King Henry	,	,

An act for certain ordinances in the King’s majesty’s dominion and principality of Wales.

Tbebnnebof TBTHEREAS the fubjeils of the. Country and dominion of Wales vl&ic°H j.	bem conjiantly loyal and:	and	ham	Jived	in	all

c7*<. that" ’	dutiful fubje£lion to the crown of England: and whereas by an alt of

concerns the parliament made in the four and thirtieth year of the reign of the late King's power King Henry the Eighth, intiAn act for certain ordinances in the taws*of King’s majesty’s dominion and principality of Wales, Wales, re- . amongjl other things, it is enacted and ordained in theft words : pealed.	II. Item, It is further	e by the authority aforesaid, That the

The loyalty King's mojl royal majejly /ball and may at all times hereafter from ottheWdfli*tlmC tD t*mt c^an£e’ a , minijh and reform all manner of things afore-rehearfed,as to his mojl excellent wifiom and By a branch tion  shall be thought convenient; (2) and also to make laws and or-

\ King

power to alter thejhire-ground of Wales, or any other aft or tiffs, thing or things, to the laws of	the contrary thereof heretofore made in any wife notwithjlanding: (3)

**alcs* and that all such alterations of the p?em*Jfes or any part thereof. and all such laws and ordinances to be hereafter made, devifed and publijh-pd by authority of this aby the King’s tHajefly in writing under his Highnefs great JeaUJball be of as goodfirengthy virtue and ejfeft> as if they had been had aM	aMhortiy-of parliament:

III.	Jnd forafmuih as H is manifejl by long experience, That the laws and flatutes already orMdned for the Jaid country, are in effeft and for the mojl part agreeable to the laws andJlaiutes f this his Highnefs kingdom of England, and, all and-every of the fame obeyed with freest alacrity: (2) and for tkfl after fo long a.ytiejt ynfingthtm* any

future

1623.] Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi. c.i 1,12.	269

future change or innovation herein would be dangerous, and for the abolition of dtflinftion and difference between the fubjefis of England and Wales, his mofi excellent Majejly, tendering the common and conjiant good of the fend country and dominion ofWales, and of their pojlerity for ever hereafter, is gracioujly pleafed, That it may be enaftv ea by his Majejiy with the ajjent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this prejent parliament ajjembled\

IV.	And be it enacted by the authority of the fame. That the A repeal of that' said recited branch of the said aft of parliament, and every ar- branch of 34. tide, word and fentence in that branch contained, be utterly

pealed and made void and of none effeft, to all intents, con- * * ' XI9’ ftruftions and purposes, as if the said branch had never been made nor contained in the said aft : (2) and that the King’s majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, shall not by virtue of the said daufe or brahch in the said aft, at any time hereafter alter, ehange or reform any laws, usage or cuftom, or, make any new laws for or concerning the said dominion or principality of Wales \

V.	Provided always, and, be it enacted by the authority The refidue aforesaid, That all ana every claufe, article and thing contained that iUtute in the aforesaid aft of parliament, other than the aforesaid

branch before recited, shall (land, refrain and be in as full force and effeft, to all intents, condruftions and purposes, as if this prefent aft had never been had or made.

CAP. XI.

A judgment given in chancery for the revoking and annulling of certain, letters patents (granted to Henry Heron tor the foie privilege of (altinz, drying and packing of fifh withm the counties of Deron and Cornwall) confirmed.

CAP. XII.

An a ft to enlarge and make perpetual the aft made for eafe in pleading against troublefome and contentious fuits profecuted againfi juflices of the peace, mayors, confiables and certain other bis Majejiy's officerfor the lawful execution of their office, made in the fevent h year of bis Majestys moji happy reign.

WHEREAS an afty intituled\ Ah .aft for eafe in pleading The statute of agamft troublefome and contentious fuits profecuted 7 Jac->*c. 5. against juflices of the peace, mayors, conftables, and certain other ma^perpe-his Majesty’s officers, for the lawful execution of thair office, tuaa. ” P made in the feventh year of his Majcfty’s mod happy reign of England, was made to continue but for feven years, and from thence to the end of the next parliament after the said feven yearsy which by experience bath fince been found to be a good and profitable law:

II. Be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod excellent majesty, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the said aft shall from and after the end of this prefent fefiion of parliament be perpetual and have continuance for ever.

III. And be it further enacted l?y the authority aforesaid, 4 Tnft. 174. That all churoh-wardens, and all persons called lvvorn-men. Churchwar-

- executing densando?er-

270	Anno vkefimo primo Jacobi. c*iu [1623*

frers of the executing of the office of church-wardens, and all overfeers of P°°r	the poor, and all others which in their aid and affiftance, or by

S^ithin the ^ie*r commandment, shall do any thing touching of concerning purview of bis or their office or offices, shall hereafter be enabled to receive 7 Jac. x. c. 5. and have such benefit and help by virtue of the said aft, to all in-tents, conftruftions and ptupoies, as If they had been Ipecjally named therein.

IV.	And.whir ecu mtmthfionding the /hidfiatute^ the plaintiff is -at liberty to lay bis action which he Jball bring agatn/l <my jqflice of peaeey or other officer9 in any for Ain county at hit choicey which hath proved very inconvenient unto /unary of the officers end persons afore*

' faicL that have been impleaded by fame contentious and troublofome persons in countries far remote from their places of habitations;

An action V. Be it therefore further enabled by the authority aforesaid, an*of- That if any action, bill, plaint, or fuit upon the cafe, trefpafs, leer shall be battery or falfe iipprifonment, shall be brought after-the end of laid in the this prefent feffion of parliament, against any juftice of peaces county where mayor or bailiff of city, or town corporate, headhoroggh, por-Jtommkted* trevc> conftable, tithing-man, colleftor of fubfidy pr. fifteens,

1 left. *83. churchwardens, and persons called fworn-men, executing the Vaughan, xx 3, office of churchwarden or overfeer of the poor, and their 217* deputies, or any of them, or any other which in their aid and affiftance, or by their commandment, shall do any thing touch* ing or concerning his or their office or offices, for or concerning any matter, caufe or thing, by them or any of t;hem done by virtue or reafon of their pr any of their office or office*, that the said action, bill, pkunt or fuit shall be laid within the county where the trefpafs or faft shall be done and committed) afid not elfewhere; (2) and that it shall be lawful to and for all and every person and persons aforesaid, to plead thereunto the ge-, neraJ lfliie, that he or they are not guilty, and to give such (pedal matter in evidence to the jury whicn shall try the fame, as in or by the fard former aft is limited or declared: / 3) and that if upon the trial of any such a&ion, bill, plaint or luit, the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein shall not. prove to the jury which shall try the fame, that the trefpafs, battery, imprisonment, or other faft or caufe of Ins, her, or their such aftion, bill, plaint or fuit was or were had, made, committed or done,. within the county wherein such aftion, bill, plaint or fuit mail be laid} that then in every such cafe, the jury which shall try the fame,

* shall find the defendant and defendants in every such aftion, bill, plaint or fuit, not guilty, without having any regard or refpeft to any evidence given by the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein, touching the trefpafs, battery, imprifonment, or other caufe for which the fame aftion, bill, plaint or fuit, is or shall be The defen- brought: (4) and if the verdift shall pais with the defendant dant(ballhave or defendants in any fuch.aftion, bill, plaint or fuit, or the double coffe, plaintiff or plaintiffs therein become nonfuit, or fuffer any.dif-continuance thereof, that in every such cafe the defendant or defendants shall have such double cofts, and all other advantages and remedies, as ia and by the said former aft is limited, direfted or provided.	“

2r

CAP.

Anno vicefimd prime Jacobs €.t$.	ay*

cap.;xiii

An all far tbs further reformation ofjeofails*

WHereas in the two and thirtieth year of the reign of King Hen- This ail ex.

ry the Eighth, offamous memoryr, a good and prof tails kwo?	t0 ‘wr*is

intituled^ An aft concerning mifpleading, jeofails, and attotoies,	hy

was mads and enafled: (a) and likewise another good and profitable 9 Ann. c. *o. law Was shade in the eighteenth year tfihe reign of our late foveriign f. 7. lady Queen Elizabeth, intituled> An aft For reformation of jeo-fails; (3) by which laws many delays of judgments were prevented\	* * h	*****

and pet notwiihjlanding 'many things have and daily do fall out, c. 330l 3n’a \% not yet provided fory nor remedied by the lows before-mentioned: El. c. 14.

II.	Be' it. therefore enacted by the authority of this prefent Godbott 18*. parliament. That if any verdift of twelve meh or more shall P|****• hereafter be given for the plaintiff or demandant, or for the de- Diverf jeo-fehdatit or tenant, bailiff in affize, vouchee, pray in aid, or te- fails in fuits nant by recelt, in any aftion, fuit, bill, plaint or demand ki any of law precourt of record, the judgment thereupon shall not be flayed or ™?tcd j?* reyerfed by reafon of any variance ia form only, between the \ a 16. original writ or biH, and the declaration, plaint or demand; (2) Cro. Car. 165, Or for ladt of any averment of any life or lives of aay person or *89* »°3* peiibris, fo as upon examination the said person be proved to be 3X** 48°* hi life; (3) or by reafon that the venire facias % habeas corpora or Aleyn 64. dtjfrlngas is awarded to a wrong office^ upon any infufficicnt fuggeflio'n; (4.) or by reafon the vifne is in lome part mifaward-ed or fued out of more places, or of fewer places, than it ought to be, fo as fome one place be right named; (5) or by retxon that any of the jury which tried the Taid iffue is mifnamed, either in the fumame or addition, in any of the laid writs, or in &ny return upon any of the said writs, fo as upon examination it fee proved to he the fame man that wes meant to be returned;

(6)	or by reafon thft there is ho return‘upon any of the said writs, fo as a panel of the names of jurors be returned and annexed to the said writ; (7) or for that the foerifftehame or other officer’s name having the Tdfurn thereof, is not fet to the return of any such writ, foas upon examination it be. proved that the said writ was returned by the .Sheriff or under-flieriff,

. orany such othft officer; (8) or by reafon that the.plaintiff in an ejeifione firm*, or In any perfonal aftion or fuit (being an infant under the age of one and twenty years) did appear by attorney therein and the verdift pafs for him 3 any law, cuftoin or ■ tifkge to the contrary notwithstanding.

. Ul. Pj OVided always, and be it further enafted. That this act, Certaiireafts or any thing therein contained, fliall xiot extend to any writ, de- excePlcd' claration or fuit of appeal of felony or murther, (2) nor to any indiftment or prefentment of felony, murther or treason, nor to iatty procefs upon any of them, (3) nor to any writ, bill, aftion or information upon any popular or* penal ftatute; anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 5 Geo. 1* e. 13-

CAP.

tjz	Anno	vicefimo primo Jacobi, g. 14,15.	[1623k

CAP. XIV.

An dft to admit the fubjeS to plead the general ijfue in in-formations of intruftons brought on the behalf of the King's majejly, and retain bis poffefjion till trial.

Ininfonna- TT7HERE the King out of bis prerogative royal may enforce tions ot in* y y the fubjett in informations ofintrufion brought against kimy to fbbiea’is aU a fPecml ptsoding of his title5 The King's moft excellent majesty lowed to pleadout ofhis gracious difpofition towards his loving fubjefts, the general and at their numble fuit being willing to remit a part of his an-ilTiie, and to cient and regal power, is well pleafed that it be enafted;' (2) ^ and be it enacted by the King's moft excellent majesty, the lords 4 Inft. 116. * Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia-Jfyer ij8. ment affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That when-foever the King, his heirs or fuccetiors, and such from or under whom the King claimeth, and all others claiming under the fame title under which the King claimeth, hath been or fliall be out of poffeflion by the fpace of twenty years, or hath not or shall not have taken the profits of any lands, tenements or hereditaments, within the fpace of twenty years before any information of intrufion brought or to be brought, to recover the fame; that in every such cafe the defendant or defendants, may plead the general iffue, if he or they fo think fit, and fhal! not be preffed to plead fpecially; (3) and that in such cafes the defendant or defendants shall retain the poffeflion he or they had at the time of such information exhibited, until the title be tried, found or adjudged for the King.

II. And be it further enafted, That where an information of intrufion may fitly and aptly be brought on the King’s behalf, that no fare facias shall be brought, whereunto the fubjeft shall be forced to a fpecial pleading, and be deprived of the grace intended by this aft. 17 Ed. 2.fiat. t. c. 13.

CAP. XV.

An aft to enable judges and jujliccs of the peace to give refii-tution of pojfeffion in certain cafes.

4 Tnft. tj6i TJ E it enkfted by the authority of this present parliament, -D That such judges,iuftices or juftice of the peace, as by rea-

poflefiion fliall be given, to avoid entries with force, in eftares for

iears, &c. -atch 183.

fon of any aft or afts of parliament now in force are authorized and enabled, upon enquiry, to give reftitution of pofleflion uh* to tenants of any eftate of freehold, of their lands or tenements Which fhallbeentred upon with force, or from them witholden by force, fliall by rcafon of this prefent aft have the like and the fameau-thority and ability from henceforth (upon indiftment of such forcir bleefttfies, or forcible withholdings before themduly found) to give like reftitution of poffeflion unto tenants for term of years,tenant$by copyof Court-roll,guafdians byknights-fcrvicc,tenants byr/^;V,fta-tute-merchant and ffaple, of lands or tenements by them fo holden, which shall be entred upon by force, of liolden from them by force. 5 R{ 2JiaU 1. c, 7. 15 R. 2. c. 2. 8 H. 6. c. 9.

a73

1623,} Ahno viceiimo £rimO.Jacobi, c.i6.

CAP. XVI. .

jfn a£i	for limitation of	aftions,and for avoiding of fuits itt

laviy

FOR quieting of men* eftatesj and avoiding of fuits, be itjwritsoffor.

ena&cd by the King’s moft excellent majesty, the lords fpi- medoo shall be ritual and temporal, ana commons, in this present parliament foed within aflemblod, That all writs offormedon in defender, in re- |r”r,‘ minder,andformedon in reOerter, at any. time hereafter to be fued Hetley <7,141. or brought* of or for any manors, lands,- tenements or heredi-► taments, whereunto any peribn or persons now hath or have any title, or caufe to have or purfue any (uch writ, shall be fued and taken within twenty yCars next after the end of this prefent fefliph of parliament: and after the £aid twenty years expired, no , $a]k. 4,1, such person or perlons, or any of their heirs, mail have or main- 42s, 4*3. tain any such writ, of or for any of the said manors,, lands, te-1 nements or hereditaments j (2) and that all writs of formedtn in ' defender, formedon in reminder, and formedon in reverter, of any manors, lands, tenements, or other hereditaments whatfoever, at any time hereafter to be fued or brought by occafion or means of any title or cauie hereafter happening, shall be fued and taken within twenty years next after the title and caufe of action first defcended or fallen, and at no time after the said twenty years j (3) and that no person or persons that now hath any right or Entry into title of entry into any manors, lands, tenements or heredita- land, &c. And ments now held from him or them, shall thereinto enter, but J* "“demth-within twenty years next after the end of this prefent fefhon of y parliament, or within twenty years next after any other title of	,

*"	*	entry accrued j (4) and that no person or persons shall at any	to

time hereafter make any entry into tfny lands, tenements or he-	fin*,

reditaments, but within twenty year* next after his or their right fit* 4 M or title which shall hereafter firlt defcertd or accrue to the fame; c* l6‘	16‘

.and in default thereof, such persons fo not entring, and their heirs, shall be utterly excluded and dUabled from such entry after to be made j any former law or statute to the contrary notwitb-ftanding.	{ .

. - II. Provided neverthelefs, That if any person or pdrfons, that infants, femes is or shall be-entitled to such unit or writs, or that hath or shall covert, have such right or title, of entry, be or shall be at the time of the excepted.

(aid right or title first defcended, accrued, come or fallen, within the Age of one and twenty years, feme non compos mentis, imprifoned or beyond the ms, that then such person and per-	.	.

►- fons, and his ana their heir and heirs, shall or may. notwith-(landing the said twenty years.be expired, bring his ration, or make his entry, as he might have done Wore this act; (2) fo as such person and persons, or his or their heir and heirs, shall within ten yean next after his and their full age, difeoverture, coming of (ound mind, enlargement out of prifon, or coming into this realm, or death, take benefit of .and fue forth the lame* . and at no time after the said ten years.	„ ...;

Vou VII.	T	III.	And

*74-

The limitation of certain per-fonal a&ions. March 155. Stiles 109,2149 *3»-

Hut. 100. Hetley 140. Marco Y51.

1 Mod. 169*

4 Mod. 105. Carthew 136.

X Lutw. 160.

1 Saund. 37,38. f 1M0d.89.s45. a Mod. an.

3 Mod. 311.

1 Shower 341. a Shower 116. aSalk 411,4x4. Cro. Car. 115, 141,160, *45, *95»	*>S>

5*3. 333-x Vera. 456. a Vera. 694,

‘X

a vent. 185. 3Lev.i45,*83<

x Salk. 28.

Their limit tion after judgment ot outlawry re-verfcd.

After ftrdg^ ment or non-fuit in a quart claufum tre-^it, the plaintiff is barred to renew the (hit.

Hetley 165.

Anno vtaffitttt prbno jAcofef. c. t6.	£	1625*

III.	And be it further enacted, That all actions of trefpafs quart claufum fregit, all adtions of trefpafs, detinue, adtion fur trover, and replevin for taking away of goods and eattk, all actions of account, and upon the cafe, other than such accounts as concern the trade of merchandize between merchant and merchant, their fadtors or fervants, all adtiOnB of debt grounded upon any lending or contrad without (pedalty ; all addons of debt for arrearages of rent, and all adtions of aflault, menace, battery, wounding and imprifontnent, or any of them which shall be fued or brought at any time after the end of this prefent fefiion of parliament, shall be commenced and fued within the time and limitation hereafter exprefied, and not after (that is to fay) (&) the raid addons upon the cafe (other than for (lander) and the said addons for account, and the said addons for trefpafs, debt, detinue and replevin for goods or cattle, and the said adtion of trefpafs quart claufum frtgit, within three years next after the end of this prefent feffion of parliament, or Within fix yean next after! die caufe of such addons or fuit, and not after; (3) and the said addons of trefpafs, of aflault, battery, wounding, imprifonment or any of diem, within one year next after the end of this pre-j font feflion of parliament, or within four years next after the caufe of such addons or fuk, and not after; (4) and the faid. addons upon the cafe for words. Within one year after the end of this prefent fefiion of parliament, or within two years next

":er the words fpoken, and not after.

IV.	And nevertheless be it enacted, That if in any the said actions or (bits, judgment be given for the plaintiff, and the fame be reverted by error, or a verdid pafs for the plaintiff', and upon matter a Hedged in anreft of judgment, the judgment be given against the plaintiff, that he take nothing by his plaint, writ or bill; or if any the said addons shall be brought by original, and the defendant therein be outlawed, and shall after reverfe the outlawry; that m alt such cafes die party plaintiff, his heirs, executors or adminiftrators, as the cafe shall require, may commence a new adtion or fat*, from time to time, within a year after such judgment reverted, of such judgment ghtti against the plaintiff, or outlawry reverted, and not after.

V.	And be k further enacted, That hi alt aftions of trefpafs

quart	claufum fregit,	hereafter to be brought, wherein the de-

fendant or defendants shall di (claim in his or their pfoa^ to * make' any title or daim to the land in which the trefpafs is by the declaration fappofed to be done, and the trdpafs be by negligence-or involuntary, the defendant or defendants shall be admittex) tq^ plead a difdaimer, and that the trefoafe was by negligence or involuntary, and a tender or offer of fuftteient amends for such trefpafs before the adtion brought, whereupon or upon feme of them, the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be enforced to join HTue; (a) and if the said ifiue be found for the defendant or defendants. Or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be noafaited, the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be dearly barred from the laid adtion or adtions, and all other fuit concerning the fame.

VI.	And

Anno viceficno primo JAcoBi. c. 17.	475;

JcVr; And be it further enadtod by the authority aforesaid, *n anions of fThat in all anions upon the cafe for flanderous words, to be fued tlie pUitT-or profecuted by arty person or persons in any the courts of re- tiff ihall rcco-cord at JVeftminfiery or in any courts whatfoever that hath power ver no greater to hold plea of the fame, after the end of this prefent feflion of cofti than da-parliament, if the jury upon the trial of the iffue in such adtion, or the jury that (halt enquire of the damages, do find or aflefs * $alk. {Qt. the damages under forty (hillings, then the plaintiff or plaintiffs Cro. Car. 307. in such action shall have and recover only fo much cofts as the L*y *»• damages fo given or ailefled amount unto, without any further Latch *» **• increafe of the fame; any law, ftatute, custom or ufcge to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

VII.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enabled. That Infants, femes if any person or persons that is or shall be entituled to any such covert, &c. adtion of trefpafs, detinue, action fur trover, replevin, adtions CX^P^* ^ of accounts, actions of debts, adtions of trefpafs for affault, me- £ ,7”,’*.* * * nace, battery, wounding or imprifonment, actions upon the 9 . cafe for words, be or shall be at the time of any such caufe of adtion given or accrued, fallen or come, within the age of twenty-one years, feme covert, non compos mentis, imprifoned or be- x Sid. 453. yond the Teas ; that then such person or persons shall be at liberty to bring the fame adtions, fo as they take the fame within % Mod. 71. such times as are before limited, after their coming to or being of full age, difeovert, of fane memory, at large, and returned from beyond the feas, as other persons having no such impediment should have done. 20 H. 3. c. 8. 3 Ed. 1. c. 39. 32 H. 8. c. 2. i Ms. 1. Sejf. 2. c. 5.

CAP. XVII.

An a£f against ufury.

WHEREAS tst this time there is a very great abatement in the None shall

value Of land* and other the merchandizes, wares and com- take ^oye the modities of this kingdom, both at home, and also in foreign parts whi- pounds for 4e ther they are tranfported; (2) and whereas divers Jubjefis of this king- loan of an dom, as well the gentry as merchants, farmers and tradefmeny both for hundred their urgent andneceffary occafms for the following their trades, main- P°uml* for a tenance of their flocks and employments, have borrowed, and do borrow	ftat.au

divers Jums of money, wares, merchandizes and other commodities; (3) c. 16. but by reafon of thefaid general fall and abatement of the value of land, and the prices of the said merchandize, wares and commodities, and interefl in loan continuing at fo high a rate as ten pounds in the hundred pounds for a year% doth not only make men unable to pay their debts, and continue the maintenance of tradey but their debts daily in-creaftngj they are enforced to fell their lands and flocks at very low ratesy to forfake the ufe of merchandize and trade, and to give over their Icafes and farms, ana fo become unprofitable members of the cm -niotiwealthj to the great hurt and hinderance of the fame:

II.	Be it therefore enabled by the King’s moll excellent ma-jefty, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament afiembled. That no person or persons whatfoever, from and after the four and twentieth day of June, which

T 2	'	(hall

iy6	Anno	vicefimo primo JaCoBI. c.i/J [1623V

(hall be in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred twen«** ty and five, upon any contract to be made after the said four and twentieth day of June, shall take direCtly or indirectly, for loan of any monies, wares, merchandize or other commodities what-foever, above the value of eight pounds for the forbearance of one hundred pounds for a year, and fo after that rate for a greater ' or leffer fum, or for a longer or fhorter time; £2) and that all bonds, contracts and affurances whatfoever made after the time aforesaid, for payment of any principal or money to be lent or covenanted to be performed, upon or for any ufury, whereupon or whereby there shall be referved or taken above the rate of eight pounds in the hundred as aforesaid, shall be utterly void ; (3) and that all and eveiy person and persons whatfoever, which mall after the time aforelaid, upon any contract to be made after the said four and twentieth day of Juney which shall be in the year of our Lord 1625. take, accept and receive, by way or means of any corrupt bargain, loan, exchange, chevifance, (hift or intereft of any wares, merchandize or-other thing or things whatfoever, or by any deceitful way or means, or by any covin, engine or deceitful conveyance, for the forbearing or giving day of payment for one whole year, of and for their money or other thing, above the fum of eight pounds for the forbearing of one hundred pounds for a year, and fo after that rate for a teller or

fgreater fum, or for a longer or (horter time, shall forfeit and ofe for every such offence the treble value of the monies, wares, merchandizes and other things fo lent, bargained, fold, exchanged or fhifted.

A ferivener HI. And be it further  enacted by the authority aforesaid, That that takes a- all and every ferivener and feriveners, broker and brokers, foil— bove the rate citor and folicitors, driver and drivers of bargains for contracts, fe th f w^°	^ a^er	twenty-fourth	day of June^ which shall

in the year of our Lord 1625. take or receive, direCtly or ih-year," or a- direCtly, any fum or fums of money, or other reward or thing bove i*d. for for brQcage, foliciting, driving or procuring the loan or forbear-T fC	*ng any fum or fums of money, over or above the rate or va-

fhaU forfeit )ue ^ve Shillings for the loan or forbearing of one hundred ao|. and im- pounds for a year, and fo ratably, or above twelve pence for prifonment making or renewing of the bond or bill for the loan, or for-tor half a year, bearing thereof, or for any counter bond or bill concerning the fame, shall forfeit for every such offence twenty pounds, and have imprifonment for half a year; (2) the one moiety.of all which forfeitures to be to the King our fovereign lord, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them .that* will fue for the fame in the fame county where the several offences are committed, and not elfewhere, by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint or Information, in which no effoin, wager of law or protection to be allowed. ‘

The contmu- IV. ThisiCt^to continue for the fpace of feven years from iit ct this the said four‘and twentieth day of Juney which shall be in the year of our Lord 1625. and fo \o the end of the fir(t feflion of parliament then next following. '

V. Pro-

i623-3 Amo viceliipo primo Jacobi. c.i$.	277

. V. Provided, That no words in this law contained shall be The pra&ice -conftrucd or expounded to allow the praftice o£ ufury in point	dliaI‘

of religion or confcience. Made perpetual by 3 Car. 1. r.4. / 5.

2	H. 3. c. 5. 3 H. 7. c. 6. 11 H. 7. f. 8. 37 H. 8. c. o. 5 & f> Ed. 6s c. 20. 13 A/, a 8.

CAR XVIII. tfS /er cantinuanct of a farmer ad made in the fourth year of the King’s majeftfs reign of England, &c. intituled,

An act for the true making woolen clothes, and for fome additions and alterations in and to the fame.

WHEREAS in the fourth year 6f the reign of our fovereign lord The statute of the King's majejiy that now is* there was amongfl other* an ad 4 Jac. *. c. 2. made and intitule,4* An act for the true making of woolen clothes, inwrt which in and by the /aid ad is to continue in force and effed but unto altered. 1 the end of fhefirfl feffion of the then next parliament: forafmuch as the find ad ts found by experience to be very neceffary* expedient and beneficial for toe commonwealth* both in the providing for the several andrefpedive lengths\ breadths and weight of the several forts ofwoolen slothes mentioned in toe /aid Jlatute, as also in the avoiding the mixture of flocks* thrums* and other deceivable things in the making of woolen flotbes, faving in thofe points whereunto the additions and alterations in this prefent ad do extend.: (2)' be it therefore enacted by the au~ khority or this present parliament. That the fame aft above re* jnembred, and all and every the branches* claufes and provisions in the fame contained, and which are not in this prefent aft altered, repealed, difeontinued or enlarged, shall continue pod be from henceforth in full force and effeft, until the end of the first feffion of the next parliament.

, , llf And whereas in and by the aforesaid ad it was amongfl other things enacted and provided, That it should or might be lawful to and for any person and persons lawfully exerciftng the trade or art of a clothier or making of clothe;, to make flocks, thrums and. lambs wool into cloth of one only kind or makings which jhould contain in lengthy being throughly wet* between twelve and thirteen such yards and inches as in the said Jlatute had been mentioned* and in breadth one yard at the. leajl within the lifts* and being clean fcowred, thicked, milled and fully dried,

Jhould weigh fifteen pounds the piece at the leajl; (2) be-it enacted The claufe of by the authority of this present parliament, Tharthe said claufe 4 J*c. 1. c. *. ’or provifion for the making of flocks, thrums, and lambs wool m£Sring ot into cloth, shall be from henceforth difeontinued, or repealed thrums &f.° pnd void ; (3) and further* whereas fince the making of the said aft* into doth, re-many ili-difpojed persons for the\r own private gain and lucre, and in pealed. deceit of the buyers ofcloth, and to the difcredit and difer editing of good cloth, have ufed to mix and put flocks and thrums, and also noises and hairs, and other deceivable things* into* within and upon the broad woolen clothes mentioned in the said afi\ which said broad woolen clothes be of far greater length* breadth and eftimation, than be thofe clothes whereinto the said flocksf thrums and iambs wool in and by the said aft have been permitted to be put into s and by the means of mixing wd putting in or upon such broad tlotbcs* of the said flocks* noiles*

T 3	thrums*

pounds.

Searchers of doth may enter into any iiiet

_________iv-

able cloth.

278	Anno	viccfimoprimo Jacobi, c i8.	[i foj*

thrums, hair and other deceivable things, into and within or upon the [aid broad woolen clothes, the fatd broad woolen clothes be much abufed and difcredited, and the buy ere offucb broad woolen clothes cozened^ deceived and abufed:	'

He that puts III. For reformation of which forefeid wrongs, abides and thrums, See. mifdemeanors, be it  enacted by the King’s moft excellent* ma-foi?ett°five a jefty* the lords fpirituaj and temporal, and the commons, in this prefen t parliament affembled, and by the authority of the feme, That from henceforth no person or perlbns shall mix or put any flocks, nodes, thrums, hair, or other deceivable thing or things, or any yarn made of the said deceivable thing or things, into, within or upon any broad woolen cloth or clothe*, upon pain to forfeit only five pounds and no more, for every such broad woolen doth, into, within or upon which any such flocks, nodes, thrums, hair, or any other deceivable thing or things shall be put into or ufed ; the laid forfeiture to be to the ufe of the poor of the parifh where such deceivable cloth shall be made.

IV. And for the better finding out of every such deceivable thing and things mixed or put into or upon, or to be mixed or put into or upon, any broad woolen cloth or clothes, contrary find died?-t0 *° *** tnic m€an*ng °f this law; (2) be it further enadied by n	the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to ana

for any the pverfeer or overfeers, fearcher or fearchers of cloth, of or within the several parifh or parifhes, or town or city where foch deceivable cloth or clothes shall be made, or fofpe&ed to be made, from rime to time to enter into any the houfe of houfes, (hops, mill or mills, chambers or other rooms of any clothier, or person or persons fufpedted to have made any such deceivable broad woolen cloth, to view, fearch and fee all or any their woolen cloth or clothes, and the mixture of their wools for clothes to ^&\ceiofQTt	(3) and also it shall be lawful for any two or more

peace may justices of the peace within the county, or within the city, bo-grant their rough or town corporate, where such deceivable doth (nail be warrant to made, or fufpe&ed to be made, upon information of complaint them an *°per- ?ny ^ ^ overfeer or overfeers, fearcher or fearchers, of fon7ufpe£Ud" anY cither, of their knowledge or fufpicion of any such offence, to grant their warrant to calf before them any person or perfbni whatfoever that shall be thought in their difefetions fit to dHeaver any foch offence, (4) and to examine upon oath foch person or persons for the trial and better finding out of the offence a-forefaid ; and if upon foch examinations it shall be found by te-ftimony of two witnefles or more, or by the confeffion 01 the party or parties' offending, that any such offence or offences have been committed, as aforesaid, then the party or parties that shall fo confefs his or their said offence or offences, pr who shall be found to have offended, and shall remain convided of such his or their offence or offences : (j) and that then it shall and may be lawful for the said two justices to certify such offence or offences unto the church-wardens and overfeers (for the time being) of the poor of the parifh dr parilhes where such deceivable cloth or clothes shall be made, under the hands and feals of the said juftices.

V.	And

for making deceivable doth. .

i6?3.] Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi. c.18.	279

V. And be it ferther coasted by the authority aforesaid, That Upon certifi-imnsfdiately from and after such certificate shall be delivered to jj»te of,the fanny of thp church-wardens pod oyerfeere of the poor of any pa-rim or pariihes where such offender or offenders shall dwell, and »;a«l for Warrant by them made to the (aid overfeers and church-wardens, making of de-lor the levying of the laid forfeiture, it shall and may be lawful ceivable cloth, to oq4 for the (fad cpprch-wardens and overfeers for the time ^J^enr&c. befog, «r any of them, or for the fucceflor or fucceffors of them shall levy the* the Bid ehifrfh-wardans and overfeers, to levy the fum or fums forfeiture, of money which by the (aid certificate and warrant shall appear tp be forfeited* by way of diftrefs and foie of the offender’s goods,

■endring to the party fo offending the overplus which shall arise by the &le of such goodf, more than the forfeiture for such offence or offences shall amount unto : (2) and in defeat of such diftrefs, i| shall be lawful to and for the (aid two justices of peace In default of to commit the party or parties fo certified to have offended to the diftrefs, the common gaol, there to remain withput bail or mainprizc until	kT*

payment mall he made of the said fum or fums fo forfeited* to committed to the (aid church-wardens and overfeers, or fome or one of them, the common to the ufes aforesaid, who shall yearly be accountable for such S401-fum or fume fo received and levied, at such times and in such manner as the said church-wardens and overfeers are to account for other monies which they are to colled to the ufe of the poor,

. by force of an ad of parliament made in the three and fortieth year of the reign of the late Queeri Eliza: (3) and that if 43 Elk. c. >. may adipn or gdipcw (baft gt any tiipe of times hereafter happen |« be brought or commenced agaipft aiiy person or persons, for talcing -of foch difirefs or difireUes, or for or about any matter or thing concerning the.fcme; that then it shall and may be lawful to and for every foeh person or persons agaipft whom such sfeps .or ad ions M be brought or commenced, to plead the general ifliie, and. to give ip evidence, and to be allowed double Theo*eer beheads in every Helped and degree, as in and by the fiatute of the	®}*Jl

fom)th year of the King’s jjujefty’* reign of England that no,w pie»d<tl»e ge? ja, intituled* Anaft fir eafe in pleading against and con- nersliffue,&p. tminus frits profeciftedagatnji justices of the	, and recover

./tfd	terrain others bis Mujeftfs officers, for the lawful execution of do.^le coft**

their office, is already provided and eoaded,	'	*’	s‘

• VI. And: whereas divers clothiers be and are of late time much .troubled and grieved by and with	feveral aulnegers atfd

viewers, of	clothes,ytke after that clothes have'been fearcbed, viewed

land fealid by the	fearchers and overfeers of the several parijh and pa-

: rijbts	where fifthchtb and clothes have been made, and cdfo by the'

King’s arineger of cloth, or by hif	deputy, do neverthelefs for their own

.gain and hurt review or fearch again the fame clothes, to the great r trouble,difturbame and hindrance of the fad clothiers, the lofs of their snarket and fale of their cloth, although towards the end or conclufton of the faid	a£t ofthe fostrihyear of the Kings majtjly's reign	Eng-	4, jap.c, a,

land that now is, aforesaid, it is mentioned, that after Jach cloth be once lawfully	fearcbed,and lawfully fealtd, the fame be not compelled

• fo be further viewed,	fearthed,meafured or feased;

'	T*	VII.	Be

zSq	Anno	vicefimo primo Jacobi. c.iSr' .	$1623.

VII Be it therefore likewise  enacted by the autlfority afbre-feid, That the said overfcers and fearchers authorized by thefeid last mentioned ftatute, or by any former ad, to fearch. View and weigh any of the said clothes for the lengths, breadth and Weight of the faia clothes, ih^ll and may oertify the fame'by their feate affixed to such clothes, and with the y/drdjbulty thereon ftamp-The/carfbe{’ ed, (If there be caufe) and that tione of the said clothes being &c. Cbth al- forcperly fearched, viewed, weighed and fealed by the said over-read v fearch- feers and fearchers of the parifh, tpwn or place,* where the said <ed,&c. shall cloths shall be made, shall afterwards be viewedj fearched or forfek five • weighed by any other person or persons, officer or officers whatv 4<Jac?i". c a. foevcr; .contrary to the said statute made in thfc fkid'foqrth year ‘ * ' ‘ of his Majesty’s reign ; (2 ) upon pain-of forfeiture of five pounds to the party grieved, who shall and may fue for and recover the fame by bill, plain): or information, at dr in'the general quafter-feffions of the peace to be holden for the county, city or town corporate wherein fuch* offence fhaH be committed, wherein no eflbin, protedion,* privilege or wager of law shall be allowed.	••

All woolen VlII. Provided always, and be it further etia&ed by the aU-cloths shall be thority of this prefetit parliament, 'that aft and all manner befor^ the&be w00^erl	°f	what nature, kind or name foevfcr they be or

foId.rC Cy * shall be of, to be woven in any city or town corporate Withih 'the realm of England or dominion of Wale*, from and after forty days next after the end of this prefent feffien of parliament, mall l>e fearched, tried and foaled, by the feveFal and refpeAfce overfcers of cloth, appointed or to be appointed of or for the cities and towijs corporate, or of or for fome of the plates or bd-rifoes in them, where the feme cloths (tail be woven, before such cloths shall be fold, or offered WtefokL The meafore IX. And be it further enabled by the authority of this prefent of tenters for parliament, That from and after forty days hfcft after the end pf cloths madein this prefent feffion of parliament, no tehtdr-otf tenters for bdoft} Yorkihire» cloths to be made within' the cohttty of Yotki to be fold;'4ndl have, or ihall or may be allowed any farther chafe <or liberty ibr or to the under bar of such tenter or tenters, than only half a quarter of a yard at the mod: (2) and that no tenter or tenters for narrow ploths to be made within the feid county .of York, to be fold, shall have or shall or may be allowed any further dhafe or liberty for or to the under bar of such tenter Qr tenters,' than Searchers shall ?nty	a	half	quarter	of	a	yard	at the moft: (3) and that

make fearch the overfpers and fearchers of cloth, or any of them, appointed of tenters in or to be appointed within the feveFal-and refpedive paiifhes Yorkshire. within the said county of York, fhall, upon the penalties of their 39 Ehz. c. 20/ recogn}Z3nCes taken or to be taken by virtue of the statute made * in the nine and thirtieth- .year of the feign of the late Queen Elizabeth, or of any other ftatute, make due fearch and view of - •	#	the tenters to be uted in the aforesaid county-of York : (4) and

if they or any of them shall happen to find any tenter or tenters ufed contrary to the true meaning of this ad, that then they

Anno viceShio 'ptitfio Jacobi, c. i 8. ’	>g	j

rfhaft forthwith deface, of caufe to be defaced, fach tenter or (enter*.1

X.	And be k farther ena&ed, That if any person or persons The party of. whofe tenter or tenter* hath been or shall be once defaced, fen4'ngtbe shall eftfoona offend contrary to the true meaning of this for°ha»ing a a6t, that then such person or persons fo offending shall for tenter con. ' every his or their offence contrary to the true meaning of this trary to rtn> adt, forfeit and lefe the fum of forty shillings of:'good and law-	for“.

•ful money of England, to such ufes and beh oofs, and to be lc- w *°-s# wied and recovered in such manner and form, arid by such means,

<to all intends and purposes, as before in and by this prefent aft it is limited., appointed and enafted, for the Aim or forfeiture of five pounds to the ufe of the poor, in this aft befdrermen-tioned* .■

:	XI.	And be it further enacted by the authority of this pine- Every over-

•font parliament. That every overfeer of cloth appointed by lh‘th •any former law now in force,-to fix unto any kind of cloths ^me upoJ? a leal of lead, shall from and after forty days next after the end the fealof the of this prefent feflion of parliament, upon-the penalty of their doth, refpeftive recognizance taken- or to be taken by virtue of the 39 Eli*«c* ‘faid-ftatutc made in the nine and thirtieth year of the reign of the said Queen Bbzabeth, or of any other ftatutc, engrave or	A

•	let, or cauft to be' engraved or fet^ m and upon every :of their -Terfpeftive ftials of lead, which they shall fix unto any cloth by them refpeftively to be fealed, bis or their , chriftian and fur-name ) arid that no cloth or cloths to be fealed with any feal . of lead which shall want such engraving or print, as afore-Aid, lhall bertaketl or allowed to.be fumciently^fealed, within the comp&fe of arty former law orilatute.(2) and furthermore whereas of late years divers fubtilI ayd, naughty means and devices have been invented and prafttfedfor the preffing of woolen cloth of

*	fill forts, by heating of thick boards or planks^ andlaying 'the fame \ under and> above the,cloth in the cold prefer and also by putting of . thip or ceiling-boards and pafte-boards, being made. very hot, into the ‘ cuttles'or plates of cloths, and then prefenily putting the fame into a cold prefix and by divers other cunning Jleights and inventions, by tphkh deceitful pratiifes and devices the Shopmen pr buyers gf the r woolen cloth of this kingdom are deceived and greatly wronged, and the woolen cloth of this kingdom it felf is difgraced, and held and reputed very deceitful, to the greatprejudice and fcandal of the cloth of

this kingdom: (3) be it further enacted by the-authority of this Preffing of present parliament. That all and every the preffing of any kind doths between or fort of woolen cloths by or with such fubtil and deceitful means as aforesaid, or by or with any other, the like fubtil or ni{hed with •deceitful means or device, by or “with any heat of fire, which like forfeiture shall be ufed or praftifed at any time or times after the end of** preffing this prefent feflion of parliament, shall be taken and shall be	a

f expounded and adjudged to be preffing with a hot prefs, and no s* shall be punifhed and punifhable- with the like forfeitures^ and in like lort, to all intents and.purpofes, as the preffing with the liot prefs is punifh^ble by any former law op ftatute.

XII. And

2rSa	Anno viodfimo pHiw Jacobi* c, *9*.	[1A33.

/ j» * XII. And be: it further eyia&ed by «fce WthnPtsr aforefoid*

’ -	(•	That all penalties and forfeitures for want of length, breadth*

rand weight of doth or cloths limited by S«y former aft now in force, or by this prefent «&, As!) hadlftribvted into three t- equal parts, whereof one third part ftwJl hegpfo the fa«d pverfeeps wwiree tarts, and fearchers finding and certifying the said default of length, f&tPh.&M. breadth and weight, as aforesaid, to he recovered by them at c. j.	or in the general qusrter-feflioris of the peace to he hojdpq for

ajEliz. e. 17. the county, city or town corporate, where the .og;nec, therein jjEliz.c.7&9*ihaU happen to he done or committed* byfldUon of debt, bill* J3Jac I.c. *? P12™* or infotmation, wherein no efloln, prote#ioA« privilege,

.	’ or wager of law. shall be allowed: (2) and the otbqr parts there-

of (hu.be unto the poor of the pariih where the &d clpth or cloths shall be made, to be levied by way of diftrefs, and ftfe of the offenders goods in default of fuffictctU diffrefe, rendpng to the party the overplus, by the churchwardens, and ove>f«et» of. the poor of every foch pari(h, front time to dme rerpedhvely, (wh^ch Aid church-wardens and overfcers are iq such manner to account fin- the fame, as for any other Aims /which ate by them to .be coikdted to the ufe of the poor, by force of the Add Aatute made in the forefiud three and fortieth year of the reign « Eliz. c. a. of the kid late Queen, arc by them to be leviw aod accounted for;) the said former adt or any other adt to the contrary fo any wife notwithffanding. (3) This aft tjp continue till .the end of the first fcffion of the next parliament. 3 Gar. 1. e,

■Centinued until the end of the firjl	of the next parliament, end

■ip 16 Car.,u c, farther continued. 5 Ed. 6. c. (x.

P- id ML- c.. 5. .8 EL n 12... 27 El. t. 17. 35. EL	id f.

43 El. e.jo* ■ 4-Jot-1. c. 2. 13 id 14 Car, a. t. 3*.

.	.!•'	-CAP.XIX. ....

An aB for the further	dof a ,bankrupt, and relief

of creditors acgdnft such as  shall become bankrupts, and for infiiBing corporal panifhment upon the bankrupts in feme Special cafes.

Lam made Tj'Orafenuch at daily experience	that	the	number	cud

againft bank- F multitude of banhupto do increafe mere and mere, • and olfi the rupts shall b	*	frauds	and	deceits	invented	and

conflrued ifor f^e	penalties °f	Lsws in made, and the re-

iki creditor*. meb b them provided: (2) and for that divers defers are daily found 3+ & 3 j H- I in the former fames made againft	,	both	in	the

c- f-.	tion of a bankrupt,	asalfo in the power.given the cemmiffteners for

£ Jac Cc	dsftovery (W*d	diftributingthe bankrupt's eftaie, the great

5	'Gcofi.%30!	coftragement of evil-mindedperfons, the hindrance of trajjick and

syGeo^.c.3a. merer, the great decay, overthrew and undoing of many	,	b

whom ntany thoufandsof the natural-born of tins from time to time in all parts of this kingdom tit on war I all which do tend to the general hurt of this realm: (3) for remedy whereof, be itena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majeffy, the lords fpiritual and- temporal, and commons, in this .prefent parliament


^623.] Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi, c, 19.	*83

aflfembled, and by the authority of the fame, That al!

2nd Angular the aforelaid statutes and laws heretofore made against bankrupts, and for relief of creditors, shall be in all things largely and beneficially conftrued and expounded for the aid, help and relief of the creditors of fiich pcrfon or pcr-fons as already be or hereafter shall become bankrupt:

II.	A«d that all and every ‘perfon or persons, ufing or that who shall be shall ufe the trade of mcrcnandize, by way of bargaining, dewncda exchange, bartering, chevifance or otherwife, in grols or hy ^knipt. ^ retail 5 fa) or feekmg his or her living by buying and felling;

(3) or that shall ufe the trade or profeflion or aTcrivencr, rt- ^^Axmr, ng other mens monies or eftates into his truft or cuftpdy 5 c. 1$. 1*. 1.

(4!) who at any time after the end of this prefent feffion of parliament, shall either by himfelf or others by his procurement, 'obtain any proteduon or proteftions, other than fuctj person or perfohs as shall be lawfully prote&ed by the privilege r * * of parliament ; (5) or shall prefer or exhibit unto his Majesty, his lieirs or fufcceflors, or unto any of the King’s courts, any 1 Show. 51 j. petition or petitions, bill of bills against * his or her creditor or creditors of any of them, thereby defiring or endeavouring to compel or enforce them Or kny of them to accept lejTs than their juft and principal debts, or to procure time or longer days Of payment than was given at the time of their original con-grafts j (6) Or being indebted to person or perform in the Skin. 170. Sum of one hundred* pounds or more, (haD not pay pr other- I?9: wife compound for the fame within fix months next after the 2^‘caC8 A jfame shall grow due, and the debtor be arrefted for the fame, 4 '

(7)	or within fix months after ao original writ fued put to recover the said debt, aijd notice thereof given unto him or left in writing at his or their dwelling-hpufe or last place of abode; or * being arrefted for debt, shall after his or her arreft He in prifon two months or more, upon that or any other arreft or detep-tion in prifon for debt; (8) or being arrefted for the fom one hundred pounds or more of juft debt or debts, (haU at any time after such arreft efcape out of prifon or procure hi$' enlargement by putting in common or hired bail; (o) shall be accounted and adjudged a bankrupt to all intents ana putpofe$;

(10) and in the laid cafes of arrefts or lying in prifon for such debt or debts, or getting forth by common or hired bail, from the time of his pr her said ‘firft arreft.

III.	And be "it further eria&ed by the authority of this pre- CommilTioit, lent parliament, that the like commiflions, oraers, benefits order*, &c. and remedies which are and be provided and limited by the provided by (aid former a&s of parliament, made in the thirteenth year j fc‘£, of the late Queen Elizabeth, and in the first year of the reign shall be pur-5* of our fovereign lord the King's majesty, against any bankrupts fued against in them or either of them deferibed, or for or concerning him that is def-his, her or their lands, tenements, hereditaments, fees, an- ^bamlcrn *Tb nuities, offices, goods, chattels, wares, merchandize, and thUac!™** ^ debts or any of them, shall and may be had, puriued, taken and expounded, against such person and persons as are herein and

hereby

z8+	. Annp vfcefimo primo Jacobi.	[1623,

hereby declared, deferibed or exprefled to be bankrupts, and against bis* her and their lands, tenements, hereditaments, fees, annuities, offices, goods, chattels, wares, merchandize and debts, in such manner and form as the fame ought and might have been, if the persons herein declared, deferibed or exprefled to be bankrupts, had been by the said statutes or either .... of then) deferibed to be bankrupts, to all intents and purposes whatfover.

Orders, &c. iy. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That the fame orders, bene^ts and remedies, which are and be bepmfued provided and limited by this prefent aft against any bank-a^hfthinf	rupts, in of by this a#‘declared, deferibed or exprefled to

that i* def-	be bankrupts, or for or concerning his, ber. or their lands,

fcnbedtobe tenements, hereditaments, fees, annuities, offices, goods,

1 lEiizIcfl&	jwares, merchandises ^nd debts pr any of then** or

1 Jac. ?. c/i5. *he difcpvery of them or any of them,, shall from henceforth be had, purfued, taken and expounded against such perfop and ; persons as are declared or exprefled to be bankrupts by the said former afts pf parliament or either of them, and against his, her and their lands, tenettienfs^. hereditaments, fees, annuities, offices, gpods, chattels, wares, merchandizes and debts, in such manner and form as the fame ought and might have ' bfeen, if the persons in the fprnjer statutes or either of them, .. deferibed to be bankrupts,' had been mentipned and deferibed , \	.' x to be bankrupts inland by this prefent aft... _ r.

>............ '	% Jhereas by thi forrrier laws, the coinmjfmers appointed

• have power fo examine tpe„ bankrupt himfff, '.ondjuck person or persons as are JufpeRed to have or detain any *of jhe tflate, goods or chattels of the bankrupts \ "but fome doubt hath been made, whether the comniiJfionerS' have power to examine the wives of the bankrupts touching the: fame, bjjeafon whereof the bankrupts wives do daily conceal and' convey away, (infcayfe to be,conveyed away, much part of their hufbanis monies,' wares, goods, merchandize and other ejlate, to person or persons unknown to any but such wives, by reafon whereof much of the bankrupts ejlate, is concealed and detained from the creditors/ '	'	V.	j!	'.

The bank- VI. For during therefore the said doubt, apd avoiding the rapt's wife	inconveniencies aforesaid, be* it declared and enacted by the

may be ex-	authority aforesaid. That after such time as any perfori shall

c^miffioners6 ^ ^ commiflioners executing the said cominiffion, of 1 Wms. 610, - the greater part pf them, be lawfully adjudged or declared to 6tx. * be a bankrupt, the,faid commiflioners executing such commifr lion shall have power and authority to examine upon oath the wife and wive? of all and every such bankrupt, for the . '	finding out and difeovery of the eftate and eftates, goods and

chattels of such bankrupt or bahkrupts, concealed, kept or difpofed of by such wife or wives, in their own persons, or by their own aft or means, or by any other person or persons $ (2) and that (he and they,' the said wife and wives, shall in-fur such danger apd penalty for not coming before the said 6	•“	cpmmif-

r$23*l Anno Vicelimo prhno Jacobi.1 c.tg'. 485

commiffioners, or for refuting'to be fworri and examined, of' for not difclofing the truth upon her or their examination or examinations, as in and by the said former laws or either of .. them is already made and provided against any other person or persons in like cafes.	’

VII.	And be it further errafted by the authority aforesaid, The bankrupt That if any bankrupt shall upon his or her examination of ex- that fraudu-aminations, to be taken before the said commiffioners eXe-

curing the said commiffion, be found fraudulently or' deceit- or rendereth$*

fully to have conveyed away his of her goods, chattels, lands, notfome juft

tenements, offices, fees, rents or annuities, or other' eftate "afon why

or any part thereof, to the value of twenty pounds or above,

to the end and purpose to hinder the execution of this statute ^

or of . any other the aforesaid statutes, or thereby to defraud, upon the mU

delay or hinder his or her creditors of the fame, and shall' lory, and lofe

not upon his or her examination difcover unto the said com- oueofiroear*.

miffioners, and (if it lie in his or her power) deliver unto

the said commiffioners all ‘that eftate, goods and chattels fo*

fraudulently and deceitfully conveyed away as aforesaid, or by

him or her, his or her means, kept and detained from the

faid commiffioners, or that cannot make it appear unto the

faid commiffioners, that he or (he hath fuftainechfoirie cafual^

lofs, whereby he or (he is difabled to pay what he or (he then'

owed, shall or may be indidfed for such fraud or abUfe at the

affizes or general feffions to be hofden before the judges of affize,

or justices of the peace of the county or place where he or (he

(hall become bankrupt: (2) and if upon such indidhnent or

indidfrnents the bankrupt be thereof convidled, he or (he fo

convidted shall be.fet upon the pillory in fome publick place for

the fpace of two hours, and have one of his or her ears nailed

to the pillory and cut o(E

VIII.	And for that fome doubt is' conceived^ u/hither the com-^hecommif-mijjioners in cafe of refinance have power by the former laws to break fioncr* may * open, or caufe to he broken open, the' houfe or houfes. of such bank- break open rupts, which if they have noty the remedies by the former laws rilcban^ruPt • fiven will be to little effeft: (2) be it therefore enacted. That000”*

in execution of the laid commiffion, it' shall be lawful to and for the said commiffioners or the greater part of them, or any other person or persons, officer or officers, by them ;or the 'greater part of them to be deputed and appointed by their warrant or warrants under their hands and feals, to break open the houfe or houfes, chambers, (hops, ware-houfes, doors, trunks or chefts of the said bankrupt, where the said bankrupt or any of his or her goods or eftate shall be or reputed to be, and to feize upon and order the body; goods, chattels, ready money and other eftate of such bankrupt, as by the'faid formdr laws are limited and appointed, whether it be by imprifonment of his or her body or otherwise, as to the said commiffioners or the greater part of th?m shall be thought meet.' ‘	;	-	{

IX.	And

%&6	Anno	vic^fimp	primp	jAfioat

The bank- 

IX, And for the better divifion and diftribution of the Iandsf ftPll bc°°fe teoemcnts> hereditaments, goods, chattels and! other eftate of ably divided, bankrupt to and amongft his or her creditors ; (2) be it notwithftand- enacted. That the commiffioners, or the greateft part of them, ing any judg- shall and may examine upon oath or by any other ways or Stance^!' means 26 to “KK Audi feem meet, any person or persons, for *“	fa finding out and dilcovery of the truth and certainty

of the several debts due and owing to all such creditor ana creditors as shall feek relief by such courfe of commi/fion to be fued forth as aforesaid : (.3) and that all and every creditor and creditors having fecurity for his or their several debts, by judgment, ftatute, recognizance, fpecialty with penalty or without penalty, or other fecurity, or having no fecurity, or •	having	made	attachments	in	London,	or	any	other	place,	by

virtue of any custom there ufed, of the goods and chattels of any such bankrupt, whereof there is no execution or extent ferved and executed upon any the lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods, chattels and other eftate of such bankrupts, before such time as he or (he shall oc do become bankrupt, shall not be relieved upon any such judgment, ftatute, recognizance, fpecialty, attachments or other fecurity for any more than a rateable part of their juft and due debts, with the other creditors of the said bankrupt, without refpe# to any such penalty or greater fum contained in any such judgment, ftatute, recognizance, fpecialty with penalty, attachment or other* fecurity.

The commif- X. And be ij further efta&ed. That if it shall happen, any fioners may the lands, tenements, goods, chattels, debts or other eftate' proceed when of any bankrupt, to be extended after such time as he or (he' f	is become a bankrupt, by any person x>r persons, under folour

inake^himfelfor pretence of his or their being an accountant, or any way accountant indebted unto our fovereign lord the King’s majesty, his heirs t6 the King, or fucceflors,. that then it lhall be lawful to and for the said commiffioners to examine upon oath, whether the said debt were due to such debtor or accountant, upon any bargain or contract originally made betwixt such accountant and the said bankrupt, the said debtor or accountant and his or their fervants: (2) and if fiich bargain or contra# was originally made to ana with any other person or perfous than the said debtor or accountant, or for the ufe and truft of any other person or persons, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commiffioners or the greater part of them, to order and difpofe of all such lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods, chattels and debts, fo extended as aforesaid, to and for the ufe of the creditors which shall feek relief by,the said coramiffion ; (3) and that the order and difpofition of the said commiffioners or the greater part of them shall be good and available ag^inft the laid extent, and agairift all persons claiming from, by or under the said extent; (4) and that such person and persons to whom the said lands, tenements, goods and chattels fo extended.

1623.] Anao vicesimo priori) Jacobi, c. 19,	2.Uy

ed, (ball be bargained, (bid, granted at afligned by the com-miffionen aforefeud or the greater part of them, shall hare good remedy to barb, demand and recover the fame against foeh per* fan and peHons who shall detain the fame: (5) And that it ofttn falls	eatt that	many perfans infare they become. bankrupts, dt

convey their geeds to ether men upen geed	yetJHU

keep the fames and are reputed toe earners thereof, and di/pofe the farm at their earn: .

XI.	Be it etuded, That if at any time hereafter any period Good* in the

or persons shall become bankrupt, and at inch time as they pofleffion, . shall fo became bankrupt Stall by the content and permit- °f the bank-lion of the true owner and proprietary have in their pooeffion, ™ M»hi* order and difpofidon, any goods or chattels, whereof they debts, not-ihall be reputed owners, and take upon them the iUe, altera- withftanding lion or difoofirion as owners, that in every such Cafe the any fo*™”-faid commiffioners or the greater part of them mail have power	.	*

to fell and difpofc the feme, to and for the benefit of the ^	3	**

creditors which ihail feck relief by the laid commifiton, as Ryan v. Rolt, fully as any other part of the eftatc of the bankrupt: (2) and j" Chan, by for the better payment of debts and difeouraging men to be-

C0®**®?^n*P**:	,	three chiefs.

XII.	Be it further enacted. That the said commiffioners A m of the or (he mater number of them fhail have power by virtue of intailed lands this am, by deed indented and inrolled within fix. months of the bahk-afttr the making thereof, in fome of hie Majesty** courts of

record at Wejlminfler, to grant, batgain, fell and convey any 8°°a* manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, whereof any bankrupt is or fhail be in any ways feifed of any eftate in tail, in pofleffion, reverfion or remainder, mid whereof no reverfion or remainder is or shall be in the King's majefly, his heirs and fucceflors, of the gift orproviflon of his Majesty, his pro-

i'enitors, his heirs or fuccefibn, to any person or persons, or the relief and benefit of the creditors of ail such bankrupts j

(2)	and that all and every such grants, bargains, fates and conveyances, shall be good and available in (he law to such person or persons and their heirs, against the said bankrupts, and against all and every the i (files of the body of such bankrupts, and against all and every person and persons claiming any eftate, right, title or intereft, by, from, or under the said bankrupts, after such time as such person shall become bankrupt, and against all and every other person and perfons' whatfoever, whom the said bankrupt by common recovery, or other Ways or means might cut on or debar from any remainder, reverfion, rent, profit, tide or poflibility, into or out of any the said manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments.

Xlir. And be it further enabled. That if any person that Conditional how is or hereafter shall become a bankrupt, have heretofbre eftate* granted granted, conveyed or ftflured, or (hail at any time hereafter bf*)*eank-grant, convey or allure, any lands, tenements, hereditaments, tnPtnwy *

goods, •

redeemed by the commissioners.

The commit* £on shall be lifted forth t within five ‘ years.

Stnuigers shall take advantage of this and all other laws again (I bankrupts.

None shall profanely (Wear orcurfe. x9Geo.2.c.si.

He that profanely curfetb or fweareth shall forfeit -

Anno vicefimoTprimo Jacobi. cao.\

goods, chattels, or other eftate, unto any perfoit of persons, tipon condition, or power of redemption at a day to come, by payment of money or otherwife? That it shall' and maybe lawful to and for the laid commi(Boners or the greater, part of them, before the time of the performance o? such condition, to affign and appoint under their hands and feals such person or penons they, shall think (it, to make tender or payment of money, or other performance, according to the nature of such condition, as fully as the bankrupt might' have done; (2) and that the find commiflioners, or the greater, part of them, shall after such tender, payment or performance,* have power to fell and difpofe of such lands, tenements^ hereditaments, goods and chattels, and other eftates fo granted, conveyed or allured upon condition, , to and for the benefit of the creditors* as fully as they may fell or difpofe of any the eftate of the bankrupt.

XIV.	Provided further,- That no purchafer for good andr valuable confideration shall be impeached by virtue of this adty or any other adl heretofore made against bankrupts, unlefs the eommiffion to prove him or her a bankrupt be fued forth* against such bankrupt within five years after he or (he shall be** come a bankrupt.

XV.	Provided further, and be it enacted by the authority

aforefaid. That this a& and all other adte of parliament heretofore made against bankrupts, shall extend to ft rangers bom, as well aliens as denizens, as effcdtually as to the nar tural-born fubjedts, both to make them fubjedt to the laws as bankrupts, as also to make them capable of the benefit or contribution as creditors by thofe laws. 13 1st 14 Gar, 2v tap. 24.	,

CAP. XX.

An aft to prevent and reform profane swearing and cUrfiftg%

FORASMUCH as all profane fwcaring and curfrng is fo?* hidden by the word of God; be it therefore eriadted by the authority or this present parliament, That no. person or per-f fons shall from henceforth profanely fwear or curfe: (2) and that if any person or persons shall at any time or times hereafter offend herein, either in the hearing of any juftice of peace of the county, or of any mayor, juftice of peace, bailiff or head officer of any city or town oprporate, where such offence is or shall be committed, or shall thereof be c;on--vidted by the oaths of two witneffes, or by confeffion of the party,, oefore any such juftice of peace of the. county, 6r head officer or juftide of the peace in the city or town corporate where such offence is or shall be committed, to which end every juftice of peace and every such head officer shall have power by this adt to minifter the (ame oath* ; That thea every such offender shall for every time fo offending forfeit and pay to the ufe of the poor of that parilh where the fame offence

is

K&3*] Anrto vicefimo-pnrao Jacobi. c.2t;	489-

is or shall becommitted, the Turn of twelve pence: (3) and k nid.tothfettfe

(hall also be;lawful for the oonftabltj churchwardens and over- ".the P90f-.

feers of the poor of that pariih, by warrant from such jufooc &ce^"i j*

of the peace or head officer, td levy the 'fame fum and fums die said forfei-

of money by diftrefe and fele of the offenders goods, rendring tore.

to.the party the overplus: (4) and indefaft of fuch- difoefe^6^^ 4*

the offender if he or Ihe be above the age of twelve years.

ihall by warrant -from fueh juftice of the peace-or head officer

be fet tn the flocks by three whole hours, but if the offender

be under the agd of twelve years4 and shall not forthwith pay

the fiud Aim of twelve pence, then he or (he by -warrant of- fueh	j \

juftice of peace or.head officer* ftudlbe whipped by the con-

liable, or by the parent .or mafterin Ids prefrnce.

II.	And be it further enadedf That if any such - offender -flie oilicir ! t-ihall commence any fuit in law against afiy officer or other ing faedthaif for foch diftraining, faleof goods* whirring or letting in the 5***“ ftoclcs, the defendant or defendants.may phad the general ifibefc neraimuet j and give the fpecial matter in evidence to:the jury at the trial $	.

and if it be found against the plaintiff, or. that the plaintiff be - - ■ nonfurt, the defendant or defendants ihall bis allowed good' cofts, to be taxed by the court.

. III. Provided neverthelefe, That every -offence -agkinft tKifc This effcncC Jaw shall be complained of, and'prefeed as abovesaid, within be.profe-twenty days after (he offence committed! (2) And it is also enacted. That this aft shall be read in every pariih church by Thisaft fJIaft the minifler thereof, upon the Sunday after evening prayer, be read in the tWice in the year.	church twice

IV* Provided, That this a iff shall continue until the end of eTcrjr Jre4r* the first feffion of the next parliament, and no longer. 3 Car. 1.

r.	4*	Continued until	the	end of the first fejfm of the next parliament,	wtdfarther continued by 16 Car. 1. c. 4.

CAP. XXI.

. . An afl eofyerning boftjerf qnd inn hbl&trs.

BE it enatikd by the authority of this present parliament, Hoftiers of That one statute made In the feven and thirtieth year of inn-holders the? reign of the-late King Edward the Third, made for the horfe™read,tf great dearth that then was in many places of the realm, of j°y^, poultry, and concerning the'prices of poultry: (2) and fo much * of one statute made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King JUtbard the Second, as providfeth* that no hoftler make horfe*- ijR. 1, bread m his hefteryj nor without, and that the afllee thereof c. s. ihall be kept, and that the weight heteafonable after the prices of the com irt their markers, and that the- feme hoftltrs (halt fell hay and-oat$, after a reafoftable price, fo that they take but one haif-penny over the common price in the market: {3) knd fo much of one statute made in the fourth year of the reign of the late King Henry the Fourth, as doth Concern the putting 4	4.	e,

in execution of the part of the statute made in the thirteenth 1 jffcafr of the reign of King Richard the Second, that is before fpe-f cified(4) and one statute made in the two and thirtieth year of Voi. -VII<	V	the

The sfore&id statutes repealed, bottlers, Sec. shall make no-borfc-bread. They shall fell provender according to the market.

Thqr may make horfe-bread when no baker dwells in the lame town.

If they make it not of doe affize they shall be pn-niflied fay the juftices, See.

the Adung $f horfe-bread: ({) be from hencefortb ref void, and of none effedt.

II.	And be it further ena&ed, That no hoftler or shall at any time after the end of this prefent fefilon ment, make horfe-bread in hid (lottery, nor wit bakers shall make it, and the affize dull be kept, the weight be reafonable after-the prkse of the grain in the markets adjoining; (a) and the hotftier: holders shall-fell their horfe-bread, and their hay, oat peas, provender, and alio all kind of viAual both fori beaft, for.reafonable gain, having refpeft to the prices they shall be fold in the markets adjoining, without tai thing for litter.

III.	Provided always, and be it enacted.hy the authc forefeid, That from henceforth it may and mall be law! ,every bottler and inn-keeper, dwelling in any town or v being a thorough-fore or a common paflage withi realm, and being no city, town corporate or market-wherein any common baker excrcifing the occupation a ing, and that hath been apprentice at the find occupafii the fpace of feven years, is dwelling, to make within his horfe-bread fufficient, lawful and of due affize, accordir the price of grain .and com now is and hereafter (ha from time to time; any thing herein contained to the con notwithstanding.

IV.	And be it further  enacted by the authority afora That if the horfe-bread which any of the said bottlers or i holders shall make, be not fufficient, lawful and of due aft according to the price of grain and com as i abovefeid; that if any of them shall offend in any thing contrary to t ad; then the justices of affize, justices of tyer and termir, juttices of the peace in every (hire, liberty or franehife wiri this realm,- iheriffs in their turns, and (rewards in their Je and law-days, shall have foil power and authority to e quire, hear and determine the said defeults and offences the said hottlers and inn-holders, hereafter to be committed ;

gainft the form of this prefent ftatutc: (a) and the bottler c inn-holder for the (irft offence shall be fined according t the quaotity of the offence;, and if being once conviffed hi shall again offend, for the fecond offence he shall be for die fpace of one month without bail or mainprise; and if he shall a third time offend, being thereof convicted he (hail (land upon the' pillory, without being redeemed for money; and if he shall offend after the judgment of foe pillory given, he shall be fore-judged for keeping any inn again.

M.





Anno viccfimo primo Jacobi, c.h.

*91

Uo

CAP. XXII.

}n aft for the explanation of the	made	in	the

p^r^i^anact	jar	toe explanation oj toe parities maae in roe imra,

to	fourth an*	fifth years of Sang Edward Sixths concern-

mi^L1 ing the traders of butter and cheefe.

^ WHEREAS in a parliament holdtn at Weftminftcr in the u1 ” third and fourth years of the reign of the moft extellentfrince ot 3 &+Ed. 6.

i

1<0$ •FH1

(f r. wai vvruini , jvtmai buy tO fell Ogutn unj .JUKI ./ iv*cyt J um*r» w w

they fold the fame again by retail in open /hop, fair or ,and not tn grofs, upon pain of forfeiture of double the Value of the

»«»

k*

benaij,

i&a*

‘k

BJtJI

nhm

!3|

Ft!)

ffitol

nii

V*

lit

id

ll

fame butter and	cheefe fo fold contrary to the tenor of the fad a£t\

II.	In and by which aft it is provided and That the fetid

word of retail mentioned in the fad ait /be ,declared and taken enly where a wey of cheefe, or a barrel of putter, or ahfs .quantity , and not above, /boteld be fold at one time to any terfon or porfons in open/bop, fair or market, and that to be done without fraud or covin:

III.	And whereas also by one other ad made in a parliament holdeh 5 &6 Ed. at Wdhninfter in the fifth year of the reign of the fad late Xing c. 14.

it was nailed, (aenong/tether thtngs) That wbatfoever person or ferfins Jbesdd tngrofs or got into bis hands any butter or theefe within the realm of England, to the latent to fell the fame again, flmld be accepted,	reputedand taken to be an unlawful	andJbould loft

'aesi forfeit the value of thefaid goods: ( a) in which ail there is nopro-vifo for retailors at	aft\ by occafion whereof, the traders fur butter and

theefe for the city of London are continually vexed and molefted by common informers, fometimes upon the one statute and	upon

the other, to their great lofs and charge :

IV.	Now for that by daily experience it is that the traders

ef butter and theefe for the city ^London, fetch and provide the said butter and cbeefe out of divers counties, upon their great travel, charge and adventure, for	provifion of the said city, and. of others

thereunto reporting, and there fell the fame in	in	open market, net only for the general uft and fervict of the said city, and the	.

centuries adjoining, but also for any occafion which may be offered for

the better expedition of his Majeflfs fervite; as also for	of	>

'Jhips which daily are victualled from this port e/-London, which poj-fibly cannot be performed by the /mall quantities aforesaid, and according to the	faid flatutc	:

■ V j jindwhereas the common infortnets finding that

faidftatute	extendeth	agmft-fitch at do	fell above the quantity ofa wey

ef cbeefe, or of a barrel of butter, at one time, though	open/hop,

■fair or market, and that in the other all no prorvtfo at all is made, as -aforefaid, for retailers,have of late years much troubled the traders of putter ana	cheefe within the city ofLondon,	with mqny informations,

as well upon the one statute as the other, and have gotten Jeveral if money for compofitm of them, albeit they then were and are men

.U a that '	<

*9*	Anno	vicefimo primo Jacobi. C.23J	[1623:

that have been apprentices, trained up in the /aid trade, and have na other living or trade, of life, to their great hindrance and impoverishment:

The aforesaid VI. For remedy whereof* be it enacted by the authority of aft* reftrained this prcfent parliament, That the said adts, or any of them, or othcr a&> ftatutc, law, ordinance or other provifioo •r Southwark. whatfoever heretofore, for or concerning the fale of butter v	or cheefe in open (hop, fair or market, or the providing or

buying of any butter or cheefe, shall not in any wife extend to any person or persons, being cheefemongers or tallow-chandlers, free of the said city, and having been brought up as ap-prentices by the fpace of feven years, trading in butter and cheefe, for such butter and cheefe, and either of them, as he and they shall utter and fell within London and the liberties thereof, or within the borough of Southwark, or the city of Wejlminfler, for the victualling of any of the (hipping of his Majesty, nis heirs or fucceflors, or for the (hips of any other his Majesty’s fubiedts, or to such butter or cheefe which he or they shall fell by any quantities at one time, and to one perfon, not exceeding four wey of cheefe, or four barrels of butter, without fraud or covin, fo as he or they fell the fame in open (hop, fair or market; any thing in the said adis and llatutes or any of them to the contrary notwithstanding.

ThejdHcesof VII. Provided neverthelefs, and be it enacted by the autho-peace rc- rity aforesaid, That if the justices of the peace of any of the denhi^butter#C0UIlt*cs this realm of England or the dominion of Wales, and cheefe to at their quarter-feffions of any of the said counties, shall declare and publifh in open feflions, that the traders aforesaid in butter and cheefe shall forbear to buy any butter or cheefe for any time within the said county or counties or withirt any parts or places of the fame; that then for and during the time of such reftraint, the said traders in butter and cheefe that shall buy any such butter or cheefe, and fell the fame again by retail, contrary to any the adts aforesaid, shall not be freed of or from any the penalties of the said adts, but shall be fubjedt to the fame as if this adt had never been made. t% H. 6. c. 3. £2) This adt to continue unto the end of the first feffion of the * & 3 Ph. & M. next parliament. 3 Car. 1. r. 4. Continued until the end of the c'	firji fcffion of the next parliament, and farther continued by 16 Cfar, u

c. 4. 13 far 14 Car. 2. r. 26.

CAP. XXIII. .

buy thofe commodities in tbe country.

An a3 for avoiding of vexatious delays caufed by removing '	unions and fuits out of inferior courts.

Suits com- '’XT 7" HERE A S there now	Albert

mentted in in-* VV courts of record in divers cities, liberties, towns corporate and fcaJUotbere-	tijewbere,fame of them being far remote from Weflminfter, others

moved into J^ont the court of grand fefftons in Wales, which were principally or~ fuperior	dinnedfor tie tafe and quiet of fuch	have occafion to fue there

count, onlef	*> for debts,duties and wrongs, fo that they might with expends

fcc*	receive jujlitt according to tbs merits of their caufes in thofe inferior

matt.

*91

%

***

frof

iiem.

ifioo ■itter i or end nd.

iP-

nd

as

r.

y

t

r

»

i

$623.] Anno viceGmo primo Jacobi, c.23.

courts, without bring cemptlled ta travel to Weftminlternr the court af tbe great	feffiansIn Wales: (2) but of late divers	of his

loving fubjeBs, having far juft and true debts and ether goad and lawful caufes ,commenced fiats in such inferior	prof touted their

actions andfiats many times ready far	trial,and tbe fame caufes being

for tbe	moft part but	of fmall value, have been removed into fame of

his	Majefifs courts at Weftminfter or the court of the great

in Wales, and being remanded by Procedendo into thefame inferior courts where tbe oflion or fiat wasfirfi commenced, thefamefiave been again oftentimes removed into the fame or other of his Majefifs courts at Weftminfter or court of the great feffums in Wales, to the intolerable delay of ruflice, and great expenses of money, and lofi and trouble,

.to thofe which	jufiby and honeflly by filch ablions and fiats have fought

only to recover or get fatisfaftion for debts, duties or wrongs owing, due e>r done unto them	:

II.	For remedy whereof, belt  enacted by the King’s moft No writ to re-excellent majesty, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and by the move an^;B commons, in this present parliament, and by the autho- ^ infcrjor rity of the fame. That no writ or writs of habeas corpus, court shall be certiorari, or any other writ or writs, proceGs or proceHes what- obeyed, unleft foever, other man writs of error or attaint, to be fued forth

after the end of this prefent feflion of parliament, by any m-d.&c.ofthe person or persons whatfoever, out of or from any of his Ma- fame court be-jefty’s courts jtt Wefiminfier or the court of die great feffions fere Mue or in Wales, or out of any other court or courts having or denmntr pretending to have power to award such writs or procefles, to ftay or remove any adtionj bill, plaint, fuit or caufe brought,

.commenced or depending, or hereafter to be brought, commenced or depending, in any court or courts of record with- .

-in any city, liberty, town corporate, or elfewhete, which have or ihall have jurifdidtion, power or authority to hold 1 Saik. 14k plea in that adtion, bill, plaint, fuit or caufe: the lame caufe of adtion, bill, plaint or fuit arifihg or growing within the said city, liberty, town corporate or jurilaidtion, shall after the end of this prefent feflion of parliament be received or allowed by the fteward or ftewards, judge or judges, or officer or officers of the court or courts wherein or to whom any such writ or writs ihall be diredted and delivered; but that he and they ihall and may proceed in the laid caufe or Cartbew 69. caufes, as though no such writ or. writs were fued forth or 3 Mod* *5*

■ delivered to him or them, except that the laid writ or writs be delivered to tbe fteward. or ftewards, judge or judges, officer .or officers of the laid court, beforeiffue or demurrer joined in the said caufe or caufes lb depending or to be depending in any such court of record in any city, liberty, town corporate, or dlewhere, having power to hold such plea, fo as the said iflue or demurrer be not joined within fix weeks next after the arreft or appearance of the defendant or defendants to such adtion or fuit commenced.

III.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefeid. That a fait ones if any inch adtion, bill, plaint, fuit or caufe, which is or Ihall reminded

■	y	3	hoe-	^ nevcr **•

terwards be removed.

A fuit, when the thing in demand ex-

Anno vkcfimoprimp Jacobi.	[1623-

hereafter be brought, commenced or depending in any such court of record in any city, liberty, town corporate or elfe--Where, shall after the ena of this prefent feffion of parliament be removed or ftaid by any such writ or writs, pro-cefe or precedes to be fued forth or out of any of his' Ma~ lefty’s courts at Weftmmjler or the court of the great feffions in Wales pr any other court as aforesaid, that if afterwards the fame a&ion, bill, plaint, fuit or caufe Ihall be remanded * or fent back again by any writ or writs of procedendo or other writ whatfbever; that then the faida&ion, bill, plaint, fuit or caufe, shall never afterwards be removed or ftaid before judgment, by any writ or writs whatfbever to be fued forth or out ojF any of his Majesty’s said courts at Wejlminjler or the said coyit of great feffions in Wales^ or any other court as aforesaid; any law, ftatute, cuftom, usage or reftraint to the contrary there-of in ahy wife notwithstanding. '

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That if in any action, bill, plaint, fuit or caufe, not concerning

cced^no^five "freehold or inheritance, or title of land, leafe or rent, which pounds, shall shall be brought, commenced or depending in any such cot be remov-court of record in any city, liberty, town corporate or ed. Palmer elfewhere, if it shall appear, or be laid in the declara-tyuGta^u ^on» ^hat the debt, damages or things demanded, doth c. *9. f. 3. * or shall not amount to.or exceed the fum of five pounds;

that then such action, bill, plaint, fuit or caufe; shall not be ftayed nor removed into any of his Majesty’s courts at Weft* minjler or other courts as aforesaid, by any writ or writs what-foever, to be fued or prefecuted forth or out of his Majesty’s said courts at Weflmnfier or other courts a9 aforesaid, other ;than writs of error or attaint; any law, ftatute, ufage, cuC-• .	tom < or reftraint to the contrary in any wife notwithftand-

V.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That if any writ or writs whatfbever, shall be after the end of this prefent feffion of parliament granted or fued forth or out of any of his Majesty’s said courts at Weflminfter or court of the great feffions in Wales or other court contrary to the intent and meaning of this prefent a&, that then it shall and may be lawful! to and for the judge of judges, and officer or officers, to whom such writ or writs shall be dire&ed or delivered, to difallow and reftife the fame, and to proceed as if no fuchwrit or writs had been granted or fued out or forth as a* forefaid; any law* ftatute, ufage, custom or reftraint to the con- •

This aft shall trary in any wife notwithstanding.

only extend to VI. Provided always, That this adt shall extend only to such SrticV&c c6urts record in cities, liberties, towns corporate and elfli-and when ‘ where, and for fo long time only, as there is or fhail be an the fteward is utter barrifter of three years (landing at the bar of one bf •n utter bar- the four inns of court, that is or shall be* ftewafd, undergo &c.Cro.	or deputy-fteward, town-clerk, or judge, or recorder

* 75’ of the fame inferior court, or that is or mall be from time to .time affiftant to such judge or judges of such inferior

courts

i6*3‘] Anno vfeefimo primo Jacobi, c.24.	195'

courts as shall not be utter-barrifters of such (landing as it aibtefaid, -and there prefent, in which such actions, bills, plants, fuits or caufes is or shall be brought, cotntnenced or depending, and not of counfel in any a&ion, fuit or caufe then depending in the lame inferior court; any thing in this prefent ad, or any law, or other ftatufe, ufage, custom or reftraint to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

VII. Provided that this ad, or any thing therein contained, Tim aft shall (hail not extend to any a&ion, bill, plaint, mit or caufe, where- not extend to in any such foreign or other plea shall be pleaded as could not foreign be tried or determined within the jurfidiaion of such inferior ***** courts.

CAP. XXIV.

•An aEt for	the relief of creditors against as die in

execution.

FOrafmuch as heretofore it bath htm muh doubted and qutftion- The land* of ed, if any	perfon being in prifan and charged in execution him that dies

fan of any judgment given	dgamft him, Jbtuid to

die m	execution, whether the party atwhofe fuit or to whom fuch	- ^

fan food charged in execution at the time of hit death, he for ever af- debts. ter concluded and barred to have extension of the lands and goods of fatcb per fan fo dying :

. II. And forafmtb as daily experience doth	that	divers

Perfons of Juffciency in real and per fatted eftate,rnnding to deceive others of their juft debts for which tbn charged at.	,

have	obftinately and wilfully ebofan rather to live and die in prifan

than to mate-any fatisfattion according to their abilities: to prevent which deceit, and for the avoiding of such doubts and questions hereafter} (a) be it declared, explained and enaded by the King’s mod excellent majesty,' the lords fpiritual and , . temporal, and the commons, m this present parliament af~ fembkd, and by the authority of the feme. That hcom and A newexecu. after the end of this prefent feflion of parliament, the party or !*“*/“?* ***" parties, at whole fuit or to whom any person shall (cmd^y*™^ charged in execution for any debt or damages recovered, his Euidsof him or their executors or adminiftrators, may after the death of the that dies in feid person (b charged and dying in execution, lawfully fue forth execution, and have new execution against die. lands and tenements, goods and chattels, or any of them, of the person fo deceased, in such manner and form to all intents and purposes, as he or they or anyofthem might have had by the Jaws and fta-tutes of this realm, if such person fo deccafcd had never been taken or chanted in execution.

HI. Provided always, and be it declared and cna&ed. That This aft shall this adt shall not extend to give liberty to any person or*°*«***"•] perfona, their, executors or adminiftrators, at whofe fuit wj2£“ "“**"* wits any foch party shall be in execution, and, die in exe-'w’ cation, to have or take any new execution against any the lands, tenements or hereditaments of such party fo dying in execution, which (ball at any time after the laid judgment .	..	V	4	or

Anno vicesimo pcwnp- Jacobs- cxzg:	f j 6^3.

or judgments be by hint (pld bona fide,for thepavmeat of any pf his creditors, and the money which .(hall be paid for the lands (o fold, either paid or fecured to be paid to any of his creditors, with their privity and confent, in aifcharge of his or their due (debts, or of fome part thereof » any thing before in this a<ft to the .contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding,

CAP. XXV.

An act for the relief of p, tenants and farmers of frown-lands and duchy-lands, or of lands within the vey of, the court of wards and	in cafes of forfeiture

for not payment of their , or other fervice or duty.

Ij'QRASMUCH as the	Kiout of bit gracious dijpa-

1 Jition, is and ever hath been	taking unyadvantage,

howfoeveq. lawful and juft, against any of his	growing	by any

forfeiture,breach of condition, er	interpretation of his Highnejs

grants or letters patents, or the grants or Utters patents of any of bis royal predeteffors, of any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments ;

(2) and yet the grantees or patentees deriving their eftates by or front his Majesty or bis predeteffors, havo been too apt and ready to exa£i .

- advantage of such forfeiture, where bis	himftif or his prede-

teJJ'ors have not required the Jame, which hath been ever held an unequal and extreme cotirfe,and hath many times been relieved by fuits m courts of equity, though with the great charge and trouble of ties endangered thereby	:	■

Vo advantage • H. For remedy whereof, as well where the King as any of shall be taken his predeceflors or fucceflors hath granted or (hail grant the as»a'nft the said manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any part t«esp*tenants t^iereo^ or the reverfion or any part thereof, to any other, as .ur non-pay- where the reverfion, remainder or eftate thereof is or shall be iiientofrpnt, inthe King’s majesty, or his fucceflors, in the right of the ^■c-	crown	of England, or duchy of Lancafler, or otherwise, his Ma-

jefty of his abundant grace towards his loving fubjelts is gra-cioufly pleafed that it be enacted; (2) and be it epa&ed by the KingV moll excellent rnajefty, by and with the affent or the lords fpnitual and temporal, and commons, in this pitfenfc parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That if any person or peffons, bodies politick or corporate, having* holding or poffefling, or Which hereafter thall have, hold or poftefs, any manors, lands, tenements of hereditaments, by vir-tee oy. colour of arty original grant or leafe, or affignment of the fame, made by the; King’s majesty, or any of his predccef-fors, or to be iriade by arty of his fucceflors, for any number of years, for life or lives, in fee-tail or fee^fimple, or other 'eftaty whereupon any rent, fervieb op other duty hath been, is or fhM be refereed or payable with or liwder any condition er li-* mitation of re-entry, cefler; or to be void for defaulterf payment pf torch rent,‘pr performance of such fervice or duty, h^oford bath made, or any other by, from or under Whom ho fclaimetb, hath made, or any which nereaftef (haH tove, 'hold’or'ppftfs,

|hall make My default therein; and yet after inch- default made, fuph rent, fervice or other dptyJhatn been or shall be anfwered.

p m

*6z$.] ' Apno-vkefimo primo Jacobi, c.26.	agjr

paid or done tmto hie Majesty, or any of his predecefiort.or fuc-peflors, into his or their receipt of the exchequer, or duchy of Lancafter, or court of wards, or to any other having authority to receive the fame, as the cafe fliall require, before any advantage of fiich forfeiture or caufo of forfeiture hath beat or shall be taken, and before any commiffion awarded to enquire, fit other procefs ifined touching the fiud forfeiture, or non-payment of rent, that in all .fuch cafes no advantage shall be taken by his .Majefty, his heirs or fucceflors, of, for or by reafon of any such forfeiture or caufe of forfeiture.

■ III. And be. it further enaried, That no person or persons claiming, or which afterwards shall claim, by, from or under his Majesty, or any of his predeceflbrs or fucceflors, at any time pfter such caufe or title of forfeiture given, shall in any wife have or take any benefit or advantage, by reafon, means or colour of such default made or to be made; (2) but that every such eftate forfeited or forfeitable by means or occafion of such default of payment of rent, or performance of fervice or other duty, shall be adjudged to continue and have its bring, as if no such default or caufe of forfeiture had been had or made; any law, custom or usage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVI.

fin aftagainft such as Jball levy	any fin any

■ knowledge any	Jlatute, recognizance, bail	or ,	in

the name of any other person or persons not being privy and confenting thereto.

WHEREAS it is of late grown to be a great and general

grievance to his	Majefty't fubjeftswithin the realm	Engt

jand, and the. dominion of Wales, that	mam persons of baft condition, for very little reward or recompense, have of	and

fitll	doufe to levy fines, and fuffer recoveries of lands and other here-

ditaments, to acknowledgeflatuses, recognizances, bade ayd judgments, in the name, or names of any other	perfon .or. persons '.nft.Pr.ivy or to/s*

fenting to thefame, which hatband daily doth turn ttt the great inaui-station,	charge,trouble and undoing of.many of the gpod.fijbjofts of this

kingdom, and the rather, far that there is us remedy in	if reform

theft and the lilt ahufts :

II.	For remedy ^hereof, be it  enacted by the King's 010ft Itft]ony to excellent majesty,- the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com- levy a fine; fuf-mons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the autho- fer a recovery, rity(of the fame, That’ all .apd-fvery -perfon and persons which *c\in ano* at^any time after .the. en<j of this prefent fefllon of parliament shall acknowledge, or procure to be acknowledged, any - fine or thereto.7 fines, recovery or recoveries, deed of .deeds iarolled, statute or fenosts, recognizance or recognjwtoacsf bail Oribaik, judgment ,yentr let pfl judgments,’ in ’the same or riames of any other person oc jonei. Th. 6+ persons not privy orconfenting to the fame,-'and being ,thereof hnrfolly-convi&ed ar attainted, fhall-be adjudged,'cftacfticd and tgkeri to be'j£e|Qhs p (2) and fuffer the pains of death, and incur

This felony shall not corrupt the blood, nor take away dower*

An attorney may do it, where judgment is given.

It shall be murtber for a mother to conceal the death of her baftard child.

Ships.

si H.4. c. is,

Anno vicdhnoprimo Jacobi.c.«7*48.	[1623.'

cur filch forfeitures and penalties, as felons in other cafe* con-vided or- attainted do by die laws of England lofe and forfeit, without the benefit or privilege of clergy to be allowed to any such offender or offenders. (3) Provided always. That fudr attainder shall not be any corruption of blood, not loft of dower to the wife, but the next heir mail have the lands whereof such perfotu attainted died feifed, and such wife her dower, as if no fitch attainder had been had.

IIL Provided always, and be it likewise traded by the authority aforesaid. That this ad shall not extend to any judgment or judgments acknowledged by any attorney or attorrries of record, for any perfonor persons againit whom any such judgment or judgments Stall be had or given.

CAP. XXVII.

An alt to prevent the defraying and	of

children.

WHEREAS many lewd women that have boon delivered of baftard children, to avoid their , and to punijb-ment,	dofecretlybury or toncoal the death of their	,	and

ter, if the	child be found dead,	the fold women do , the

faid	child was born dead; whereas it failetb out fometimes (

hardly it is to be provedj that the find child or children were tbered by the faid	women, their lewd	, or by their or

procurement :

II.	For the preventing therefore of this great mifchief, be it enaded by the authority of this present parliament, That if any woman alter one month next enfuing the end of this feffion of parliament be delivered of any iflbe of her body, male or female, which being born alive, fhoxud by the laws of this realm be a baftard, aim that (he endeavour privately, either by drowning or fecret burying thereof, or any other way, either by her felf or the procuring of others, fo to conceal the death thereof, as that It may not come to light, whether it were bom alive, or not, but be conceded: in every such cafe the said mother io offending shall fuffer death as in cafe of murther, except such mother can make proof by one witnefs at the leaft, that the child (whofe death was by her fo intended to be concealed) was bom dead.

(a)- and this ad to continue until the end of the first feffion of the next parliament. 3 Car. 1. V. 14. *	until the end of	the

firft fejftonof the neat par JiasUent, and farther continued by 16	1.

cop.

An alt for continuing and reviving of diversftatutes, and

peal of divers others.	<

BE it enaded by the authority of this present parliament,

That one'ad made in the one and twentieth year of fhe reign of the late >‘King Henry the Eighth, intituled. An alt for true making of cables, balfers and ropes: (2) and an ad made in the four and twentieth year of the reign of the fcid King

Henry

I

1623.] 'Aiuiovicefiino-priaio Jacobi. c4S.	199

Henry the Eighth, intituled, Anailagainfi kilting	Cattle.

ailed weanlings ': (3) and two ads made in the parliament *• '• *• heldcn at fVeflminjttr by prorogation the fourth day of November, and continued until the first day of February next after, in the third and fourth years of the .reign of the late King Edward the Sixth $ the one intituled,	ail for	4 Cd.	6.

buying and felling of	rotber-beafts and tat; (4) the other inti- c. 19.

tuled. An aH for the buying and felting of butter and cheefe: (5) vftual. and one ad made in the first year of the.reign of the late j 4 Ed. Queen	Elizabeth, intituled. An ail for the . prefervation of «• **•

/pawn and fry of jijb: (6) and an ad made in the fifth year

of the reign of the said late Queen	,	intituled. Merchant*.*"

ail for avoiding divers foreign warei made by handicraftfinen < Eliz. c. j.

beyond the feat: (7) and fo much of one ad made in theFilH.

faid fifth year of the reign of, the said late Queen	,	5 Eh*.c. j.

Intituled, An ail toothing tertain potitiek made for

the	Maintenance of the navy, as is not repealed by any later

ftatote, nor doth concern the tranfportation of herring or

other fea-filh, nor freedom of cuftom, fubfidy or tonnage for

the lame, nor tranfportation of com, nor the prohibiting the

bringing into this realm any cod or lings in barrels, or

other calks; together with all and every other additions,

explanations ana alterations made thereunto or thereof, or

<rf any part thereof, by any statute or statutes made fi thence

the making of the £ua last mentioned ad, and in force the

hft day of the feflion of parliament that was in the feventh

year at his Majesty’s reign of England: (8) and an ad made Games.

in the eighth year of the reign of the laid late Queen Eli- s Eli. c. 10.

aabethy intituled. An ail for oewyers, and the prices of bows:

(9)	and three ads made in the thirteenth year of her hid Majestyfs reign, one intituled, An ail that purveyors may take Purveyors. ■torn and viiSuals within five miles of Cambridge and Oxford* >jEliz.<~»». in tertain cafes i (10) one other. An ail against frauds defeat- EccW>*ft»cal ing remedies for dilapidations of ecclefiaflitul Strings,	jj£c,IOt

to be granted by the collegiate churches % (11) another intituled,-An oil	touching-leafes of benefices, and other ettleftqflitd livings

with curej (12) together with all and every explanations, ad- Leafa. ditions and. alterations thereof, or of any of mem* or to any >t f<• »»• of them, made by several statutes of the fourteenth, eight- 'J vr^'e' eenth and three and fortieth year of her fiud late Majesty’s E|j£ £ '** reign: (13) and fo much of an.ad made in the fourteenth p^, year of the reign of the said late Queen EBzaheth, intituled, 14 Etta. c. 5, An ail for the puni/bment of vagabonds, and for the of the poor and impotent, as concerneth the taxing, rating, levying, receiving and imploying of gaol-money: (14) and fo it Elia. c. j. much of an ad made in the. eighteenth year of the reign of the said late Queen Etizabetb, intituled. An for fitting the poor- on work, and avoiding idletufs, as concerneth baftards begotten out of lawful matrimony: (15) and an ad made in the said eighteenth year of the reign of the laid late Queen

%

Wa

18

SLc

20*

Sewers.

27. Eliz. not printed*

Franchife.

•7 Eliz. net printed*

Com.

47 Eliz. c. 14. Sewers.

27 Eliz. c. 24.

Anno vicefirrfo pimo Jacom. C.28.	[1623.

Elizabeth, intituled, for the repairing and mending of the bridges and highways near unto the city of Oxford: (16) and two ads made in the feven and twentieth year of the reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, the one intituled. An ait for the maintenance of the pier and cob of Lyme-Regis in the county of Dorfet: (17) and the other intituled. An act for the good government of the city or borough of Wefiminjler; (18) and two other ads made in the said (even and twentieth year of the reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, the one intituled. An act for the reviving of a former Jlatute for the true moling ff malt; {19) and the other entituled. An act for the keeping the feet-banks and fea-works in the county of Norfolk: (20; and an ad made in the one and thirtieth year of her said Majeftv’s reign. Ale.	intituled. An act for the true gaging of vejfels brought from beyond

31 Eli*, e. 8. the feas, converted by brewers for the utterance and fale of al$

% and beer: (21) and two ads made in the five and thirtieth Drapery. year of her said late Majeft/s reign, the one intituled. An 35 Eliz. c. so. aft for the reformation of sundry abufes in clothes catted Devon-Jhire kerfies or dozens, according to a proclamation of the four and Merchants, thirtieth year of her said Majefiys reign \ (22) the other intitul-.35 Eliz. c, si, ed. An act for the bringing in of clap-board from the parts beyond the feas? ana the refraining of the tranfportmg of wine cajks, for the fparing and preferving of timber within the realm: (23) and fo much of one ad made in the said five and thirtieth year of the reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An aft to retain the Queen's majeftfe fubjefts in their, due obedience, as hath not beenlithence repealed by any other ftatute: (24) and the several ads hereafter .mentioned, made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth that is tq lay, An ad intituled, An act for the punijhment of rogues, vagabonds andfiurdy beggars* with the provifion annexed thereunto by one ad made in the first year of the King’s majesty’s reign that now is, intituled. An act for the continuing and reviving of ,c.25. divers/latuteSj and for repealing of fome others: (25) an ad in*

. tituled. An act for the increafe of mariners, and for maintenance of Appren'tSe*0* navigation, repealing a former ad made, in the twenty-third 39Eliz. c. vs. year of her said Majesty’s reign, bearing the fame title; (26) c'Eliz. c. 4. An ad, intituled. An act for the explanation of theJlatute made in the fifth year of her said Majtflfs reign, concerning labourers; (27J 39 Eliz. c. 14. An ad intituled. An aft prohibiting the bringing into this realm Corn.	offoreign cards for wool: (28) An ad intituled; An act for excef-

39 Eliz. c. 16* five making of malt \ (29) An ad intituled. An aft against lewd

Pope, 35 Eliz.

e. 1.

Poor.

39 Elis. c. 4,

Continuance 1 Jac Fifli.

.	and	wandring persons, pretending to be foldiers or mariners: /30)

43 Eliz. c/3. the several ads hereafter mentioned, made in the three and fortieth year of the reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth that is to fay. An ad intituled, An act for the necejfary relief of fiddiers and mariners, (31) An ad, intituled. An aft to avoid trifling and frivolous fuits in law in her Majeftfs courts at Wejlmnfier; (32; An ad, intituled. An act for the relief of the poor, with the addition thereunto made by an ad made in the first ye^r of his Majesty’s reign of England, intitule^, An aft for

(Gih

43

Suits.

43 Eliz. c. 6. Poor.

43 Eliz. c.«. Continuance.

i6z3.]	Anno viccGmo primo Jacobi, c.28.

continuing	of divers statutes, and for repeal of fomt others ; (33) * *•	*•

and with this further addition, and be it enacted. That ^I'Thfoverieen persons to whom the overfeers of the poor fhall, according to-of the poor the said aft, bind any children apprentices, may take and re- may put out ceive, and keep them as apprentices j any former statute to the apprentice*, contrary notwithstanding: (34) An aft, intituled, An for Drapery. the true making and working	of	woolen tloth\(35) An aft, inti- certiorari I0*

tuled. An aB to prevent perjury and fuboma of perjury, andun- +J jyj*.c. neceftbry expence in fiats of law: {‘zb) and the several ads made Apprentice. . in the first year of the reign of our now fovereigil lord the 1 J»c* >• a. 6. King, after mentioned; one intituled, An all made for the explanation of the fiatult made in the fifth year of the late jpetein Eli- Poor, zabeth’t reign concerning labourers', (3 j)another intituled. An 5 31$. c. 4. alt for the continuance and explanation of theJlatute made in the nine1 J*v.1 c- 7-; and thirtieth year of the reign of the late Elizabeth, intituled, ° ** ' An all for punifltment of rogues, vagabonds andft beggars: (38), jjc,‘ f. c. j. another intituled. An all to take away the benefit of for feme kindof manftaughter: (39) another intituled. An aB to refrain1 jac.», c. 9.

the inordinate haunting and tipling in	inns, dlehoufes and ether Corn.

tualling-houfes; (40) another intituled. An all for avoiding deceit 1 Jac. 1. c. *8. .in felling, buying or /pending corrupt and wtwholfomt haps: (4i)i*ather. ' another adt, intituled, An aB concerning tanners, curriers, Jhoe- j jac. 1. c. a*. makers and otht/r-artificers occupying the cutting of leather, fairing * Jac. 1. e. 6. fbr such part thereof as is repealed by. one otber aft made in the fourth year of his Maiefty's reign of England, in that be- p^i;. .. half'; (42) another, intituled. An ail for the better .execution 0^1 Jac." i. c. tf. the intent and meaning of former ftatutet	/booting	in

guns, andfor1 the preftrvation of game of phenfanti and pa fridgesand against the defraying of hares with'hare-pipes, and tracing hares in the/now: (43) and another, intituled, An allfortbe charitable, jac*i, c. j«. relief, and ordering-of persons infe&ed uHtk the plague : {44) and Error, the several afts made in the third ’year of the reign of our find3 Jac-. foverdign lord King James after mentioned, 'the. one intituled, r—

An	aB for avoiding wtnece/hry delays if execution: (45) another 3 jac. t.c.9.

intituled. An aB for' the relief of fucb as lawfully eft. the trade and imprifon-handicrafl offkmnets: (46) another, intituled. An aB for the	ment.

ing and levying of the charges for conveying maiffalters and offend- J Jae* *•	*•»

ers to the gaol: (47) another adl, intituled. An aB for tranjpor- vfaL*’c* ,9“, lotion of beer over the feas: (48) and another, intituled, •

c.«fV

fir repairing of the highway from NortluCh to Taltforth, in tbt petrifies of Ewell and Long-Ditfcbn in the county of Surrey, lead- Drapery. ing to Kingftdn upon Thames in the 'county afirefiid: (49J 4- Jac. r. c* a» and that the several i<5ts made in the fourth year of the reign of our now fovereign lord King James after mentioned; the one in- Ale. tituled, An aft fir the true making of woolen clothes: (50) another in- 4 Jac. t. e. 5, tituled, An act for the repr effing the odious and loathfome fin of drun'-l ienrnj(51) and another, intituled, An Oft fir the better provi- Hufbandry. fion of meadow andpafiure,fir the necejfary maintenance ofhujbandr* 4jac* I,c«4I* ry and tillage m the manors, lordftnps and parijhe* ^Maiden, alias • Mawarden, Bodenham^ Wellington, Sutton St. Mi-** chad, SuttOn St. Nicholas, -Murton upon Lugge,' and the^ parifi of Pipe and every of them* in the county of Hereford :

(52) and

302	Anno	vicefiinoprinio	jACOBl.c.c8.	[i

Scotland. (5?) and the (everal alts made in the feventh year ofthe reign of 7 Jac. t. c. 1. our (aid fovertign lord King fames after mentioned) the one intituled,	An act for the better execution of	ef

Poor.	trimind affkndtn in the north parts ef the kingdom c/'England: (53)

7 Jac. 1. c.4. another intituled, An act for the due execution of divert laws and Jiaiutet beret if ere made agatnji	vagabonds and	,

Pleading.	ether lewd and idle	perfons: (54) another, intituled. aft

7 jac. 1. c. 5.. foreafe in	pleading, against troubkfime and	frofeeuted

againft ju/ticetof the peace, motors, een/lables and certain other his Post!. Majesty'sofficers, for the lawful execution ef their office (55) ano-zJ*®* *•c- *»• ther, intituled. An aft to prevent the	and gram bp	-

7 jac! t. c. 1*. tmeh hawking, and for the better prejirvation.efphtafonu and 7 jac. 1*. c. 13. fridges: (56) another* intituled. An aft to avoid the double Foreft. mint of debts: (57) another, intituled. An aftfer the txplanatlen 3 Jac. t. c. 13. of one Jiatute made in the third sear of tho reign if our now five-reign lord King James, intituled. An aft against unlawful bunting Husbandry, andJlealing ofdeer and conies: (58) another, intituled.

7 Jac. 1. c. 17. gainft burning f ling, heath and other moor-burning in the counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Weftmorland, Lancafter, Derby, Nottingham and Leicefter* at 7 Jac. 1. c. it. times in the year: (59) another, intituled. An act for the

landing and tarrying offea-fand, for the bettering fgreunds, and for the increaft f com ana tillage within thtcouxtits ♦/'Devon and Corn-gewm. wall: (60) and another, intituled. An act for the. fpttdy recovery 7 Jac. 1. c. so. f many thonfahd acres of marfl> ground	the ceunttts ^Norfolk

and Suffolk, • lately furroundtd by the rage of the foa, inSvtrs parts of	the said counties, andfor the prevention of the	of - like

The jt fta- furrounding hereafter5 (61) shall by virtue of this alt be adjudged, tute* above- ever fince the fefiion of parliament in the feventh year of his Ma-jefty’s reign of England, to have been of such force and effect as til the next fame were the last day of that fefiion, and from thenceforth parliament, until the end- of the first leffion of the next parliament!

II.	Provided neverthetefs, That (b much of every of the, said alts, av by any- new a& made in this fefiion of parliament, shall be explained, .altered or repealed, shall for lb much thereof, from the end of this fefiion of parliament, (land and be In force,

•	ah by thbfe other ads shall be. ordained.

•	\	III. Provided also, and*be it further enalted by the lautbority

When com	this present parliament. That when the prices, of corn or grain

may be tranf- exceed not the rates hereafter following, at the times, havens ported. and places, when and where the lame corn or grain shall be

*■ (“ bought, (hipped or loaden, viz. The quarter of wheat at two and thirty (rallinga, the quarter- of rye at twenty .(hillings; the quarter of pfeafe and beans at fixtetn (hillings, the quarter of barley or malt at fixteen (hillings, of current Englifb money; That then it shall and may be lawful for all and every perlon and persons, being fubjelts of the King’s majesty, bis heirs or fucceflors, to carry and tranfport of his own, (2) and to buy to fell again in markets and out of markets, and to keep or fell) or carry and tranfport any of the (hid com and grain, from the places where they shall be of such prices, untp any parts beyond

1623.] Anno vfcefimoprimo Jacobi. ca8.	.303

the- few m amity with his M^efty, as merchandize in (hips, crays or other vetiels, whereof any Englijb-bora fubjedt or fub-jeda then (hail be the owner or owners, or the feme to carry and fell in other (daces within this realm or dominions thereof; any law, usage or statute to the contrary hereof notwithstanding:

(3)	and that the King’s majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, shall The custom have andreceive by the cuftomers and officers of his ports, for and poundage the custom or poundage of every quarter of wheat, to be tranf-	»

portedby force of this statute out of this realm, two shillings j of every, quarter of other grain, fixtecn pence: which (aid feve-ral funt fo to be had and taken as custom or poundage, shall be in foil felisfadion of all manner of custom or poundage for the laid cofen or grain, by any eonftitution, order, ftatute, law or euftoaa heretofore made* ufed or taken, for tranfporting of any fuoh manner of com.or grain.

. IV. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority of The this prfifent parliament, That the King’s majesty, his heirs and proclamation , fiiccefibrs, may at alltimes byhis and their writ of proclamation, may reft rain to be publifhed generally in the whole realm, or in any of the tnnfportarion Counties of the realm where any port towns are, command, °* c^tn*

That no period (haH by virtue of this ad. tranfpott or convey any manner of grain out of his Highnefe.dominions generally, • or out of anyfpecial parts to be in me feme proclamation particularly named, for such time as shall be therein limited aim appointed : (a) and it shall not be lawful for any peribn to dairy out-any such grain, contrary ta the tenor of the feme proclamation, upon such pains and forfeitures as by the lews and flatutes	of this realm are and have been provided and ordained in that behalf j this ad or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided also, and be it enaded, That no peribn or per- Drapery, ions shall incur any penalty for want of length, breadth or Wdfih cotton*, weight of Wtl/bcottons, under the price of fifteen pence the	e.6. yard, or.two.(hillings the goad, fo as they be not mixt with hair or other deceitful ftuff, nor for any others above that J. 5. C u. price, except they be mbit as afbrefeid, or shall (brink above the rate of half a yard in twelve yards of length, or weigh lefs thetvfourtem ounces the yard, or hold not full three quarters of a yard broad.

[Sanctuary.]
[All statutes that concern the taking away of sanctuaries, revived.]
[1 James 1 c.25.]
VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all statutes heretofore made, that take away sanctuary for any offence, shall for so much as concerneth the taking away of such sanctuary be revived, and shall be and stand in force and power; any words of repeal contained in the statute made in the first session of parliament held in the first year of his Majesty's reign of England, intituled An act for continuing and reviving divers statutes, and for repealing of some others, or in this present act to the contrary notwithstanding.

[All sanctuaries taken away.]
[3 Inst. 115, 217.]
VII. And be it also enacted by the authority of this present parliament, That no sanctuary or privilege of sanctuary shall be hereafter admitted or allowed in any case. 22 H. 8. cap. 14.

[Oath. 5 Eliz. c.9.]
VIII. And whereas in a session of parliament holden in the fifth year of the reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, one act was made,
intituled, An ad for the punilhment of such as shall procure or Commit perjury: and hy one other alt made in the of parlia— intitule, mtnt begun in	thf eight and twentieth year said lata

*9 Eli*.	t.5;	Queen Elizabeth, it	was enalted, That the said a8	from

thenceforth be, remain and continue in force and for ever • (2}

1 Jac. x. c.*5. and yet neVerthelefs in the parliament holden in the year of Ins Majeftfs reign of England^ by one all, intituled, An. ad for continuing, and reviving ofdivcrsftatutes, and for repeating of feme-other, it was antong/i other things enalled, That the said ait made itt the faid. fifth year of the said late i^v/mElizabeth, for pumflmunt of perjury, Jbould bt revived,. and continued	end of the firfi fef-

a Jat.i. c.»5. fien of the next parliament •, (3) it. is now declared: and enaded by-f. ao.	authority of this present parliament. That the laid ad concern -

'H? perjury made in the bud fifth year, and every claufe, branch, ^,,1 p^‘ article and pravifion therein, doth now ftand, and (haU from henceforth be, remain and continue in force and effed for ever, fttwl. ' LX. And be it also enaded, That one partof the fiatute made *5 H. t. c. it. in the five and twentieth year of the reign of the late King

the Eighth, intituled. An all for thedefiruHion of wild fowl, which J&4E1I.6.C.7. ^as repealed by slater ad madfe in.the parliament*holden in the third and fourth years ofthereign of the late King	the

Sixth, (halt be revived and ftand in force until the end of the firlt feflion of ther next parliament.

Ways.	X.	And	be	it	allbenaded, That one ad made in the firfi

iM.Seff.j.c.5. year of. the reign of the late Queen	fqr and concern-

ing the staking, repairing and amendment of the common high-* way. and caufey in the counties of Dorfot and Somerfet, between the towns of Shaftfbury and	in the lame county of Dir-

fet, be revived and Hand in force until the end of the firfi fef-fion of.the next parliament. • \

Onfteriemere. XI. Aqdibe it further, enaded by authority of this prefent 4. Ed. 3. c.s. parliament. That one fiatute made in the fourth‘year of the reign of the late King Edward the Third, reciting, That before' that time a horfeman was wont to have his pafiage over the lea from the port of Dover for two (hillings, and a footman for fix-pence, and ordering concerning paffage at Dover and othef places, as in the said fiatute is contained: (2) and one other t}R.s. ftat.x. ftafote made in the thirteenth year of the reign of the late King c. so. ’ Richard the Second, by which it is enaded, That all pilgrims, and ill other people, except certain per (on* in that fiatute, excepted, shall pals at the ports of Dover and Plymouth, and not ellewhere, without Tpecial licence of the King himfelf: (3) and >	' one fiatute made in the fourth year of the reign of the late King

4 Ed. 4. c. 10. Edward the Fourth, concerning pallage from Dover, -and alt 9 Ed. j. c. s. otherfiatutes.therein recited or mentioned: (4) and one other fta-Fowl.	tute made in the feven and thirtieth year of the reign of the late-

37 Ed. j. c. j. King Edward the Third, concerning the prices of’poultry(5) Meafunp,.. and one fiatute made in the four ana thirtieth year of the reign *4. Ed.3. of the late King Edward tb* Third, concerning weights and

0	meafuret.

1623.] Anno vicesimo primo Jacobi, c.28.	305

meafures suid beginning, where it is contained in the great charter, that one meafure shall be ufed through. the realm, and by which it is ordained. That certain articles IhaJ'Xcie holdenand kept, upon the pains contained in a (iatute r ide in the eight and twentieth year of the reign of the late king Edward the Third : (6) and one other statute made in the laid four and Corn, thirtieth year of the reign of the said late King Edward the Third, 34 Ed. 3. e. by which it is ordained. That the paftage of corn shall be defended in all the ports of England* to that none have licence or warrant to pafs with such com in any wife, unlefe it be to certain places in the said alt fpecified : (7) and one statute made ty R. s. c. 7. in the feventcenth year of the reign of the late King Richard the Second, whereby licence is granted to all the King’s liege people to (hip and carry com out of the realm : (8) ar>d one statute 3 Ed. 4. e. *« made in the third year of the reign of the late King Edward the Fourth, concerning com not to be brought into the realm in certain cafes: (9) and one statute made in the fourth year Apparel, of the reign of the late King Henry the Seventh, concern- 4 H* 7- c. 9. ing the prices of hats and caps: (10) and one other statute Metal, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of the late King 14	7#

Richard the Second, ordering that the paftage of tin out of the realm shall be at the port ot Dartmouth* and no where elfe.:

(11) .and one other statute made in the fifteenth year of the reign of the late King Richard the Second, concerning carriage ’5	*•	c.	*•

of tin to Calais: (12) and one statute made in the fourth year of Wood. the reign of the late King Henry the Fifth, concerning making of^cCfe^c^ pattens of afp: (13) and one statute made in the fix and perfons. thirtieth year of the reign of the late King Edward the Third, 36 Ed. 3. c. s. concerning (Upend and wages of priefts, and priefts paffing from one diocefe to another; (14) and one other statute made 1H. 5. flat. 4. in the fecond year of the reign of the late King Henry the Fifth, c* *• concerning wages or (Upend of chaplains and priefts: (15) and Drapery, fo much of one alt made in the fourth year of the reign oi King 4H. 7. c. s. Henry the Seventh, as appointed the rates and prices how broad cloths of the colour of icarlet, or other colours, and other cloths shall be fold : (16) arid one statute made in the eleventh Poor. . year of the reign of the late King Henry the Seventh, con- u H. 7. c. a. cerning vagabonds, unlawful games and alehoufes, and every part thereof, together with one statute made in the time of the 7 r, c# late King Richard the Second therein mentioned: (17) and one 19 H. 7. c. is. statute made in the nineteenth year of the reign of die late King Henry the Seventh, concerning vagabonds, beggars, unlawful games and alehoufes, and every part thereof: (18) and one fta- *3 Ed. 3. c. 7. tute made in the three and twentieth year of the reign of the late King Edward the Third, concerning valiant beggars: (19) and one other statute made in the feventh year of the reign 7 R. t. c. 5. of the late King Richard the Second, concerning roberts-men, draw-latches, vagabonds and faitors: (20) and feven several Apprentice, alts and statutes made in the twelfth year of the reign of the i» R. 2. c.3. late King Richard the Second, whereof the first coricemeth 11*• c-4-artificers, labourers, fervants, victuallers $ (21) the fecond Vox.. VII.	X	con-

3Q 6

ix R. x. c. 5. lx R. x. c. 6.

it R. x. c. 7. ix R. x. c. 8.

‘Poor.

jiz R. 1. c. 9. *xH. 8.C. ix.

5 & ^£d« 6. c. 16.

Wax.

si U. 6. c. ix.

• *4 H. 8. c. 6.

aS H. 8. c. 14

Drapery.

*5 H. 8. €• 18.

Husbandry.

4 H. 7. c. 19.

7 H. 8. c. 11. 27 H. 8. c. xx

Anno vicefuno primo Jacobi, c.28. ft623.

concerneth wages of fervants; (22) the third concemeth Ia-bonring at plough and cart; (23) the fourth concemeth fervants bearing or buckler, fwords and daggers, and ufing unlawful games$ (24) the fifth concerning persons that go a begging ; (25) the fixth concerning thofe that feign themfelves men travelling out of the realm, and there to be imprifoned ; (26) and the feventh concemeth the execution of the ordinances aforesaid concerning fervants, labourers, beggars and vagabonds : (27) and one a ft or statute made in the two and twentieth year of the reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, intituled. An alt how aged, poor end impotent persons, compelled to live by alms, Jbeil be ordered, and how vagabonds and mighty Jlrong beggars Jbeil he punifbed, and every part thereof: (28) and one aft or statute made in the third year of the reign of the late King Edward the Sixth, intituled. Ays alt touching the punijbment of vagabonds, and other idle perfons: (20) and one statute made in the eleventh year of the reign of the late King Henry the Sixth, concerning wax-chandlers, the price of candles, and other things wrought of wax: 130) and that part of one ftatute, commonly called Statutumde pijloribus, c. 5. [1 Vol. 391.J which ordaineth. That the affize of wine shall be kept according to the affize of our fbvereign lord the King, that is to wit, a fextern at twelve-pence ; and that if tjie taverners exceed the fame affize, their doors shall be (hut up by the mayors and bailiffs, and shall not be fuffered to fell wine until they have obtained licence of the King: (31) and one statute made in the four and twentieth year of the reign of the late King Henry the Eighth * intituled. An aht concerning thefale of wines: (32) and that part of one statute made in the eight and twentieth year of the reign of the late . King Hetiry the Eighth, by which it is ordained, That no per-fon or persons shall fell any Gafcoigne, Guyen or French wines, above certain prices in that aft mentioned, under the pain in the said aft fpecified ; and that no Mabnfeys, Romneys, Sachs, or other fweet wines, shall be fold by retail above the prices therein contained, under the pains in that aft mentioned: (33)

. and also that part of a statute made in the five and twentieth year of the reign of the fete King Henry the Eighth, by which it is enafted. That the lords ana owners of the meafes, tenements or cottages in the city of Worcefter and other towns and boroughs in the said aft mentioned, should at no time after that admit, fet or let any meafe, tenement or cottage fufficiently repaired within the said city, borough or towns in that aft limited, to any person or persons that after that should inhabit in the said city, borough or towns, and exercifing the myfteries or craft in that aft mentioned, at any higher rent, impofition or charge, than was given for the fame at any time within twentv years next before the making of that aft: (34) and one aa made in the fourth year of King Henry the Seventh, concerning houses of husbandry and tillage: (35) and one aft made in the feventh year of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An alt » to avoid letting down of tomis: (36) and one aft made in the

fcven

1623.] Anno viccfimo primo Jacobi. c.aS.	307

feven and twentieth year of King H the Eighth, intitu-1 led. An ad concerning decay of houses and inckfurts:(37) and j&6Ed.fi.c.j.

1 one ad made in the fifth year of the reign of King Edward the

Sixth, intituled, An ad for the maintenanc of tillage., and increaft 1 of tarn: (38) and one ad made in the fifth year of the reign 5 Eliz. c.«.

of Qpeen Elizabeth, intituled. An ait for maintenance and -‘	ereciftof	tillage:(39) and that part of the statute made in the

1 feven and twentieth year of the reign of the late King Henry the Abbey.

1 Eighth, by which it was ordained. That all and fineular per- *7 H. 8. c.t V 1 fons, bodies politick and corporate, to whom the King’s ma-1 jetty after that ftiould give, grant, let, let or demile any fite or precind, with the homes thereupon builded, together with • the demeihes of any monaftery, priory or other religious houfes, that (hould be diiTolved or given to the King by that ad, (hould i be bound to keep Houle and houfhold, and occupy demefnes ' in ploughing and tilling of bulbandry, as in that ad is fpecified, i under the pains therein contained: (40) and one statute made Wool;

1	in the fourteenth year of the reign of the late King Richard the ’4 R-a*c* 4t

1 Second, against buying of wool of others than of the owner of 1 the ftieep and tithe, and every claufe in the fame ftatute: (41) Weights. . and that part of one statute made in the eighth year of the reign 8 H*6-c- S* of the late King Henry the Sixth, by which it is enaded. That 1 no man may buy yarn of wool, called woolen yarn, unlefs he will make cloth thereof: (42) and one statute made in the fifth wool, and fixth year of the reign of the late King Edward the Sixth, j&6Ed.6.c.7« intituled. An ad limiting the times of buying and felling of wools :

(43) and one statute made in the three and thirtieth year of the Cat^e’ reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An ad - 35 cerning keeping of great borfes :(44) and fo much of the statute War. made in the reign of King Edward the Firft, commonly called 13EdJ.ftat.aa the statute of Winehefer, as concerneth the having, keeping, and view of harnefs and arms: (45) and that part of the statute ftaf commonly called	articuli fuperchartas, by which it is ordain- c.*o.	3*

ed. That none shall make rings, erodes or locks : (46) and 37 Ed. 3. c. 7. one statute made hi the feven and thirtieth year of the reign of the late King Edward the Third, by which it is ordained. That makers of white vefielg shall not gild : (47) and that part of one * H- 5>	••

ftatute made in the fecond year of the reign of the late King Ca ♦*

Henry the Fifth, by which goldfmiths are prohibited to take more than forty-fix shillings and eight-pence for a pound Trey of silver gilt: (48) and one statute made in the fecond year of *H. 6. c. 13. the reign of the late King Henry the Sixth, by whicn it is enaded. That no silver be bought for more than thirty shillings the pound of Trey: (40) and one statute made in the fecond year Money, of the reign of the late King Henry the Fourth, against bringing- in * H. +. c. 6. coin of	Handers, Scotland,and other foreign coin: (50) and one wales,

ftatute made in the fecond year of the reign of the late King * H. 4. c. is, Henry the Fourth, by which it is enaded. That no IVelJhman whole born in (Vales, and having father and mother born in Wales, (haU purchafe lands and tenements within the town of Chtfter, and other places named in that ad 3 and that no Welfb-

X 2

308

a H. 4. C. 16. 2 H. 4. c. 17. « H* 4. c. IS. 2 H. 4. a 20.

4H.4.C. 26. 4 H. 4. c. it.

4 H. 4. c. 30.

4H. 4* c* 31* 4 H. 4* c. 12.

4H. 4- c-33-4 H. 4. c. 34*

9 H. 4* c. 3-

25 H. S. c. 1*

Hoftlcr.

ijR.a.itat.!.

c.8.

Hoftler.

4H. 4. c. 25.

Anno viccfimo primo Jacobi, c.28.	[1623.

man shall be chofen a citizen or burgefs in any city, borough or merchant town; and that Weljhmen be not put in certain offices, nor bear arms, and every claufe thereof: (51) and one other statute made in the fame year concerning arrefts made by the inhabitants of Walesy and driving of diftrefles into Wales ?

(52)	and ohe other statute made in the fame year concerning Weljhmen entering into the counties adjoining, and in the fame do kill, bum, ravifh, and commit any other felony or trefpafs:

(53)	and one other statute made in the fame year, by which it is ena&ed, That the lords of the marches of Wales shall ordain and fet fufficient (luffing and ward in their caftles, and ieigniories of Wales: (54) and one other statute made in the fame year, by which it is eftablifhed, That no Weljhmen be received to purchafe lands or tenements within England, nor within the boroughs or Englijb towns of Wales; nor that no Weljbman (hould be accepted burgefc, nor to have any other liberty within the realm,. nor withm the boroughs and towns aforesaid, and every claufe in every of the said statutes made in the said fecond year: (55J and one statute made in the fourth year of the reign of the late King Henry the Fourth, whereby it is ordained. That no Englishman, liege to the King, be convifted by any Weljhman ; nor that Englijb burgefles which have married Weljawmen, have franchifes with Englijb burgefles ; (56) and one other statute made in the fame year by which it is ordained. That no congregations be made or fuffered to be made by the Weljhmen*, but as in the said statute is appointed: (57) and one other statute made in the fame year, concerning fending and bringing merchandize and armour into Wales: (58) and one other statute made in the fame year, concerning Weljhmen not having of caftle, fortrefs or houfe of defence to keep: (59) and one other statute made in the fame year, That Weljhmen shall not be made juftice, chamberlain, nor have certain other offices in the said statute mentioned: (60) and one other statute made in the fame year, concerning ftoring of the caftles and towns in Wales with Englijb : (61) and one other statute made in the fame year. That Englishmen marrying Weljbwomen, shall not be put in offices; and every claufe of the said statute made in the (aid fourth year: (62*) and one statute made in the ninth year of the reign of the said late King Henry the Fourth, concerning felonies and robberies done within any feigniory of Souib^WaUs : (63) and fo much of one statute made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of the late King Henry the Sixth, as concemetn the confirming of statutes made before that time against Weljhmen, and making void grants of franchifes made to Weljhmen, and concerning villains in Wales: (64) and that part of one statute made in the thirteenth year ot the reign of King Richard the Second, by which it is ordained, That hoftlers shall fell hay and oats at a reafonable price, fo that they take not but one half-peny over the common price in the market; (65) and that part of one other statute made in the fourth year j of the reign of King Henry the Fourth, by which it is cnafted, j

That 1

1623JL Anno vicelimo primo Jacobi, c.29—31;	309

That hoftlers shall incur the quadruple value of t&at that he

hath taken over one half-peny of every bufhel of oats above the

common price in the market: (66) and one part of the ftatufe Drapery.

made in the fourth and fifth year of the reign of the late King^Pk.aeM.

Philip and Queen Mary and other statutes, by which it is r&$Ed.6.c.6.

enadted, That none shall put to fale within the realm of England 5

any coloured cloth of any other colour pr colours, than are in

thefe ads mentioned: (67) and one other part of the fame fta-

tute of Philip and Mary^ by which it is ordained,. That after

the first day of May then next coming, none shall ufe or exercife

the feat or myftery of making,/weaving or rowing of woolen

clothes long or (hort, or kerfies, pinned whites or plain (traits,

to the intent to put the fame to fale^ but only in a market-town

where cloth had ufed to be made by the fpace of ten years then

lad paft, or in a city, borough or town corporate, upon the

pains therein contained: (68) and one statute made in the eigh- 1* Elite. 16.

teenth year of the reign ot the late Queen Elizabeth for tolera-

tion of certain clothiers to dwell out of towns corporate : (69) repealed!1 **

(hall be by virtue of this ad repealed/

XU.	And be it also eroded, That ip much of the statute Cattle, made in the thirty-fecond year of the reign of the late King Henry 1* **. s. c. 13. the Eighth, intituled. An aft concerning the breed of horfecof higher tend"o\ht" future, as concerneth or inhibited) the putting of horfes into county of certain grounds, unlefs they be of ftatures in that ad men- Cornwall, tioned, under the pains therein contained, and that giveth aur-thority to kill mares, fillies, foals or geldings, in certain cafes in that ad mentioned, shall not extend to tne county of Corn* wall after the end of this feffion of parliament. .

CAP. XXIX.

An ad to enable the moft excellent prince Charles to make leafes of EXP. lands, parcel of his Highngfs duchy of tom wall, or annexed to the fame.

CAP. XXX.

A meffuage called York-houfe, and divers other raefluages and tenements, part of the pofleflions of the archbifliop of York, Situate in the parifh of St. Martin's in the fields in the county of Middlesex, affined unto the King's moft excellent majesty, his heirs, fucceflors and affigns $ and the manors or lordffiips of Brighton, Santon, Acombe, alias Acorn, with Holgate, and the grange called Beckhcy grange in the county of York, or m the county of tne city of York, part of his Majeffy s pof-fefllons, aflured to Toby, lord archbifhop ot York and his fucceflors,

CAP. XXXJ,

The makers of knives and other cutlery wares in HaHamflure in the county of York, made a corporation: divers orders for the better govern-spent of the fame corporation.

.

CAR

*

tO

Anno vteelimo primo Jacobi, c.32.	[ 162 % 1

CAP. XXXU. yfx all for making the river of Thames navigable for barges* boats and lighters, from the village of Bercot, in the county of Oxon, unto the univerfity and city of Oxon.

The con vc-	\X7HEREAS the clearing and effecting of a paffage for barges,

mcnclci of W boats and lighters, by the river of Thames, to the univerfity rivei^of Tha- *** Clif 9f Oxon, will be very convenient for conveyance of free-on* navi gable ft*tte, commonly called Oxford fione, or Heddington fione, from to the city of Bullington quarry, near the find city and river ^Thames, by the Oxford.	fiaidpaffage, to the city ^London and other parts, and moft pro-

fitable and neceffary to ana for the find univerfity and city of Oxon, for conveyance thereby of coals, fuel and other neceffarus, to the said univerfity and city, whereof there is now very great fcarcity and want, and Jar greater hereafter like to grow, if feme help therefore be not made and provided: (l) and also the said paffage wtll be very behoveful for preferving of the highways leading to and from the said univerfity and city, and other parts thereabouts, which now by continual carriages by carts are fio worn and broken, that in winter feafin they are for travellers dangerous, and hardly to be amended and continued paffabU without exceeding charge: (3) and whereas the said river of Thames* for many miles beyond the said city of Oxford, weflward, is already navigable and paffabU for boats of good burthens and contents, and likewise is already navigable for barges from London to the village ^Bercot in the county of Oxford, being within fix or feven miles of the city of Oxford, whither and from whence, by the carriage of font, iron and other provifton, by carts, the highways are fpoiled, as aforesaid: (4) and whereas the said river may eafily be made paffabU and navigable for barges, boats or lighters, between the aforesaid univerfity and city of Oxford and the village of Bercot aforesaid, by removing fome lets and impediments, by which means the said univerfity aAd city of Oxford /hall be greatly relieved and helped: (5) be it therefore ordained and enaded by the King’s majesty, the lords fpiritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parliament aflfetnbled, and by the authority of the lame. That the lord chancellor or lord ofaTVamcsIVCr ^cePer °f grcat of England for the time being, at 1 any time after the end of this prefent feflion of parliament, shall and may at the requeft of the chancellor of the said univerfity, or his vice-chancellor, for the time being, appoint and authorize by commiflitfn under the great feal or England eight commiflioners, whereof four to be of or for the univerfity aforesaid, to be chofen by the said chancellor of the said univerfity, or his vice-chancellor, for the time being, and by them or either of them to be nominated and certified to the aforesaid lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great feal of England, and four to be of or for the city of Oxon, to be chofen and nominated by the mayor, bailiffs and commonalty of the said city of Oxford for the time being, and to be certified by them as aforesaid; (6) which said commiflioners or the mojre part of

them

Eight com-miflicmers {hall be appointed to

navigable from Oxford to Bercot.

l&j.J Anno vkefimo primo Jacobi, c.32.	%n

them shall have full power to cleanfe, fcowre, open and make navigable the said river of Thames from the laid city of Oxon to the village of Bcrcoc aforesaid, and for that purpose to dig the banks of the said river or other ground, ditch, brook or (bream near thereunto adjoining, and to cut away all trees and roots of trees that may be hurtful or hindrance to the said paf~

(age, and to open, prepare or make all wears and locks or turnpikes fit for the (aid paflage, and to remove any thing that shall be any impediment or (top to the clearing ana making of the (aid paflage; and likewise to cut, fcowre or open any other ft ream or water-courfe that shall be mod convenient for making the (aid paflage or river navigable $ and likewise to make and ere£t any wharfs, locks or turnpikes, or pens for water, in or near the (aid river or paflage, that shall be fit or neceflary for the fame, and to bring, lay and work all materials requifite for the making, erecting and repairing of the said locks or turnpikes upon the banks or ground near the said river or paflage.

II. Andfor that the thing of the things aforesaid may be prejudicial The commit to the inheritance and profit of divers persons, bodies politick or cor-	J11

porate* that have land adjoining to the said river or pajfage, (a) and fatisfy all be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That the com-parties that miflioners aforefeid or the. more part of them, before they do "jay be dam-jneddle with the lands, inheritance or poflefljon of any person ^re^by or persons, bodies politick or corporate, shall first agree with rK*‘ such persons, or body politick or corporate, for the lofs and damage that any of them shall any way receive by the making of the said paflage or any thing concerning the fame; (3) and if the (aid commiflioners or the more part of them, and the party or parties owner of such lands, inheritance or poflefiions, cannot agree touching the value thereof, that then the three next justices of peace of the county where the land doth lie, being no parties, nor dwelling within the univerfity or city of Oxony nor interefted in the foil, dwelling neareft to the (aid land or inheritance, or in their default the justices of aflize of the said county of to, shall determine, appoint and fet down what and how much fatisfa&ion every such person or persons, body politick or corporate, shall have for or in refpedt of the said loues fo by him or them to be fuftained> and the said price or value fo fet down by them shall bind all parties : (4) which agreement or order fo made shall be fet down in writing under the hands and feals of the said commiflioners and parries, upon die agreement between them made, or of the said justices of the peace, or justices of aflize of the said county, which shall fet down the said price for fatisfa&ion, within three months after the first refort unto them for that caufe, according to this a<5t, and the fame to be kept among the evidences of the said univerfity, and to be regiftred in the lieger-book of the said univerfity, and to beinrollcd in the court of the said city of Oxford; (5) and that then upon payment of such fum or Aims of money fo agreed upon or ordered as aforesaid, or tender thereof maae, with purpose to pay the feme, it shall then be lawful to and for the said com-

X 4	miflioners

jit	Anno ricefimo prime Jacobi, c.32.	[16234

miffioners or the more part of them, to dig and make or caufl to be digged or made, the laid locks, wharfs, pafiage, or <k any such other alt for which any such agreement or ordbr fhal be made as aforesaid.	1

III.	And for that the /aid pa/fagi cannot be effofted and maintained without great charge, and that the principal benefit thereof will rew

a»u tlound immediately to the unherjity and city of Oxford aforesaid, (2) dtyof Oxford^ therefore further  enacted by the authority aforefiud, That at reafonable the said commiflioners, or the more part of them, by this pre-fent ad shall have full power and authority to tax and aflefs the inhabitants within the said univerfity and city of Oxon9 or with* in either of them, and fuburbs thereof, and bodies politick and corporate within the fame, at such reafonable fums and payments for the purposes forefaid, as they in their diferetions shall think meet; the said fums and every of them to be difpofed and itnployed for and towards the bearing of thecharge of making and maintaining of the said pafiage.

IV.	And whereas the said univerfity and city are the procurers of the said pajfage, be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid.

The comtnif-fiooen may tax the univerfity and

fums for the effe&ing of the said paf-fcge.

Th

con

may

itute

7.

lfti	___________ ^______________________________________________    ^

of^^ofthe* Tliat the^commiflioners afordkid, 0/the more part of them.

laid paiTage.

by virtue of this ad, shall have power and authority from time I to time, with the confent of the vice-chancellor of the said 1 univerfity, and mayor of the city of Oxford, for the time being, to ordain and make orders and conftitutions for the good and orderly usage of the said pafiage, and for all locks, wears or turnpikes thereof, to be made arid maintained at the charge of the univerfity and city of Oxon aforesaid ; and for all boats, boatmen, pafiengers, wharfs, carriages and rates for carriages, by or through the said pafiage, and all things concerning the fame; and to fet, lay and execute such reafonable pains and punifti-ments upon the breakers thereof as they shall think fit: (2) neverthelefs, the justices of aflize of the laid county of Oxford for the time being, upon complaint made to them oy any per* fon grieved with the said taxations, afiefiments, charges, orders, conftitutions, pains and punishments or any of them, shall and may abridge, moderate or reform the fame, as they shall find juft paufe.

When any of V. And be it further enalted by the authority aforesaid. That the commiflio- when any of the said commifiioners shall happen to die, or be-lord chan-thC come un"t f°r *he fervice, that then and fo often, it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord chancellor or lord keeper of the great fea! of England for the time being, from time to time to fupply, appoint and authorize one commiflioner or fo many commiflioners to be nominated, chofen and certified as aforesaid, out of and for the said univerfity or city refpe&ively, as shall make and fill up the full number of eight commif-The commif- fl0ncrs : (fc) an<l that the commiflioners aforesaid or the more Turners may part of them, by the authority of this all, shall have full power >1- to choofe, nominate and appoint one or more such perion or persons as they shall think fit, to collell, gather and lay out the said fcYcral fums ; and the person and persons fo appointed

(hall

cellor, & c. may appoint others.

appoint col leftors 01 the tux.

1623.] Anno viccfimo primo Jacobi, c.33—35.	313

fhall gather and take up the said fums aflefled, by diftrefs and fale of the goods of every person refufing to pay the tax or afleff-merit impofed upon him, reftoring to the person whofe goods ihall be fo diftrained, the overplus (if any be) of the price thereof, being fold. (3) And forthat the faidf paflage from Bercot aforesaid to the said city of Oxford, is against die ftream, the barges, boats, lighters or other veflels, muft of neccflity in fome places and at fome times be haled up by the ftrength of | men, horfes, winches, engines or other means in that behalf

convenient; be it therefore enacted by the authority of this The boatmen, prefent aft, That it ihall and may be lawful to and for water- &c. may go on 1 men, boatmen, bargemen and other helpers of them, in con-1 venient places, to have and ufe winches, ropes and other en- tu * * ' gines, and with the fame by ftrength of men and horfes or either of them, going up the land or banks near the said river 1 or paflage, through the said paflage, without the hindrance, trouble or impeachment of any person or persons, to draw or hale up the barges, boats, lighters or other veflels, doing none other narm than only by going or treading upon the said land or banks near adjoining as aforesaid.

VI.	Provided always. That no privileged person of the uni- a prorifo for verfity of Oxford (half be taxed as aforeiaid, without the con- the tax of the fent of two or more of the commiffioners of or for the said uni- u.“lvcrfity verfity, nor any freemen inhabiting of or in the said city, or01

the fuburbsor liberties thereof, shall be taxed as aforesaid, without the confent of two or more of the cpmmifiioners of or for the said city.

VII.	Provided also, That this act, nor any thing therein The courfc contained, shall give power and authority to tne said commif- 5“** chan5^ fioners or enable them to,do any aft or thing, whereby the said not*bT&-river of Thames shall be diverted or turned out of his ancient verted.

. courfe or chanel, wherein the fame now runneth, or to draw more water thence than shall conveniently fervefor the said paflage.

VIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority of this present parliament. That one aft of parliament made in the third year of the King’s majesty’s reign, the twentieth chapter, (intituled, An act for clearing thepaJJage by water from London to 3 Jac» l.c.ia, and beyond the city of Oxon) shall be from henceforth utterly

repealed and of none eflfeft 6 W 7 W* 3, r. 16. This to be deemed afublickaft,	3	Geo. 2. c. n./ 26.

CAP. XXXIII.

Four entire ftibiidies granted by the fpiritualty. EXP.

CAP. XXXIV.

The temporality confidering that the King might be engaged in a prefent par by breaking of the two treaties with Spain, viz. The one of the marriage, ^nd the other of the reftitution of the Palatine, freely grants unto hit Majesty three entire fubfidies, and three fifteens and tenths, whereof 18000 pounds fhoulu be imployed towards the repair of certain decayed cities and towns, and the rendue was to be expended in the jnanagingpf the expected war : Now for the better imployment of tliofe	;

ponies, eight citizens of London are appointed to be treafurers, and tpsx other lclefted persons to be of his Majcfty's council for the war,

all

£14	Anno	primo Caroli. c.i.	[1625.

alt wfeicb <haH make oath, viz. the treafurers, that none of tbofe monies (hould iflue out of their hands without warrant from the said council of war j and the other, that they (hould make no warranto for the payment of any of thofe monies, but only for the end above-mentioned j and further, (hould all be accountable for their doings and proceedings in that bebalf, to the commons in parliament, when they or any or them (hould be thereunto required. ’£ X P.

CAP. XXXV.

A confirmation of the King's general and free pardon, except. See. EXP.

Cro.Car.44*.

Anno	Regni Caroli Regis	,

Francia & Hibernia, .

At the parliament begun at Wejiminjler the eighteenth day of June Anno Dom. one thouiand fix hundred twenty-five in the first year of the reign of our moft gracious fovereign lord Charles» by the grace of God, of Great	,

France and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &e. And there continued until the eleventh day of July following; and then adjourned until the first day of Auguft following, unto Oxford i To the nigh pleafure of Almighty God, and to the wealpublick of this realm, were enacted as followeth.

There shall be no afiemblies for unlawful paftimes upon the Lord's day.

Unlawful meetings and paftimes on

CAP. L

An alt fir punijbing divers abufes committed on the Lord's day, called Sunday.

FORASMUCH as there is nothing more acceptable to God than the true and fincere fervice and worjhip of him according to his holy will, and that the holy keeping of the Lord's day is a principal part of the true fervice of God, which in very many places of this realm hath been and now is profaned and neglected by a diforderly fort of people, in exercifmg and frequenting bear-baiting, bull-baiting, interludesy common plays and other unlawful exercifes and paftimes upon the Lords day; and for that many quarrels, bloodjheds and other great inconveniences have grown by the refort and concourfe of people going out of iheir own fmrijhes to Juch difordered and unlawful exercifes and pafimesy neglecting divine fervice both in their own parijhes and elfe-where; (a) be it  enacted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, the lords fpijritual and temporal, and the commons, in this

prefent

1625.']	Anno pritno Caroli. C.2,3.	315

prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, the Lord’s That from and after forty days next after the end of this feflion d®y forbidden, of parliament, there shall be no meetings, aflemblies or con* courfe of people out of their own parimes on the Lord’s day,

'within this realm of England or any the dominions thereof, for	1

any fports and paftimes whatsoever ; (3) nor any bear-baiting, bull-baiting, interludes, common plays or other unlawful exer-cifes and paftimes, ufed by any person or persons within their own parilhcs; (4) and that every person or persons offending Every person it) any the premises, shall forfeit for every offence three fhil- ofing any un-lings four-pence, the fame to be employed and converted to ^’^1*®"*** the ufe of the poor of the parifh where such offence shall be committed; (5) and that any one juftice of the peace of the fen’is. +d. county or the thief officer or officers of any city, borough or to the poor of town corporate, where such offence shall be committed, upon P»nd>* his or their view or confcflion of the party, or proof of any one or more witnefs by oath, which the (aid juftice or chief officer or officers shall by virtue of this a& have authority to minifter,

(hall find any person offending in the premifles, the said juftice or chief officer or officers shall rite-warrant under his or their After convic. hand and foal, to the coriftables and church-wardens of the t,°" *?* war* parilh or parilhes where such offence shall be committed, to levy the said penalty fo to be aflefied, by way of dillrefs and fale tbe conftabies, of the goods of every such offender, rendnng to the said of- &c- may levy fenders the overplus of the money railed of the said goods fo penalty, to be fold; and in default of such diftrefs, that the party of- c* fending be fet publickly in the ftocks by the (pace of three hours; (6) and that if any man be fued or impeached for execution of this law, he shall and may plead the general iffiieand General iflbe. give the said matter of juftification in evidence: (7) provided. Limitation of that no man be impeached by this ad except he be called intht ®&>o&* queftion within one month next after the said offence committed: (8) provided also, that the ecdefiaftical juritdidtion within Theeccleji-this realm or any the dominions thereof, by virtue of this aft or any thing therein contained, shall not be abridged, but that bridged? the ecdefialtical court may punifti the said offences as if this adt had not been made. (9) This adt to continue until the end of the first fcffion of the next parliament smd no longer.

3	Car. 1.c. 4. Continued until the end ef tbe firftJefftoH of the next parliament, and farther continued by 16 Car. I. c. 4. and enforced by 29 Car. 2. c.7.

cap. n.

An aft to enable the King"* majesty to make leafes of lands, parcel of his sijac.i_c.sj, Highnefs duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame. All leafes to be made within three years by the Ring’s majesty, of the duchy lands of Cornwall, Shall be good. Except they be made for above thirty-one vears or three lives, &c. The ancient rent to be referved, and it pone anciently, a reafonable rent. Covenants, See. contained in iucb leafes Shall be good. The right of others faved.

CAP. III.

An aft fortheeafe in obtaining oflicences of alienation, and in the pleading of alienations with licence, or of pardons of alienations without licence,

in

Anno primo Caroli- C.4--6.	[162$.

in the court of exchequer, or elfewhere. it Car. a. c. 14. jfl/ fiats* Jeixttres and. pardons Jar aiuuations9 and all incidents thereunto9 at/ taken away and difcharged.

CAP. IV.

an for the further refiraint of tippling in , and other villualling-boufes.

Foreigner*, as TX7HEREAS in the U/I parliament it was mailed. That if any well as inhabi- VV person or persons, wberefoever his or their habitation or abiding tent*, ihallnot Jbould after be fund upon view, or bis own	or	proof

to tipple in °fm witnefs, t0	he tippling in an or ;

innt, ale-	fuch	perfon	or persons Jbould be thenceforth a to

houfe». See. be within tbejiatutes of the firf andfourth years of the late King’s ma-1 Jac.«. c.jejly’s reign. King James of famous memory; the one	,An

4	jac. 1. c. 5. to reftrain the inordinate haunting of tippling in inns, aJe-houfes, and other vidualling-houfes; and the other An ad to reprefe the odious and loathfome fin of drunkennefs ; as if be or they had inhabited and dwelled in, the city town	,

market-town, village or hamlet where the inn,	or	viflual-

ling-heufe was or Jbould be, where he or they Jbould be	tippling,

Jbould incur the like penalty, and the fathe to be in Juch fort levied and difpoftd, as in the find a£t is expreffed,	as	there

inhabit; (2) but no punifbment by any or either of the fold alls or by any other	Jlatute,is infilled upon the	aleboufe-keeper

or	vUhuUtr, that permits orfujfers such perfon	or persons not there

inhabiting, to tipple in bis inn, aleboufe or vtHuaUing-houfe: (3) for remedy whereof, be it ena&ed. That every inn-keeper, alehoufe-kceper and other vidualler, that at any time after the end of this feflion of parliament shall permit ana fuller any person or persons not inhabiting in the city, town corporate, market town, village or hamlet, where such inn, alehoufe or vic-tualling-houfe is or shall be to tipple in the said inn, alehoufe or vi&ualling-houfe, contrary to the true intent of any or either of the said former statutes, the said inn-keeper, alehoufe-keeper and victualler fo offending shall incur the fame penalty, and in such manner to be proved, levied and difpofed, as in the former s Jae. *. e.Astute of the first year of his said late Majesty’s reign is appointed for permitting such to tipple as dwell in the lame city, town corporate, market-town, village or hamlet, vintner* and n. And be it further enaded. That the keepers of taverns, victualler* to an(j fuCh as fell wine in their houfes, and do alio keep inns or andAepthw v'&u^hng in their houles, shall be taken to be within the laid two fonper statutes, and also within this ftatute.

CAP, V,

Three intire fobfidies granted by the fpiritualty. EXP.

CAP. VI.

Two intire fnbfidie, granted by the temporalty. EXP.

CAP.

1627.]

Anno .tertio Caroli. c.i.

317

cap. vn.

This feffioH of parliament (by reafen of the incrtafe of the fick-nefs and other incottvemencits of the , requiring a Speedy adjournment, nevertbelefs) Jball not determine by his Majeftfs royal ajfent to tins andfome other alls. EXP.

III.	A ND all statutes and ads of parliament which are to Ads that are' JLX. have continuance unto the end of this prefent feflion,10 shall be of full force after the said adjournment, until this pre- in fent feflion be fully ended and determined: (3) and if this fef- force.

(ion shall determine by diflolution of this present parliament, then

all the ads -aforefaid mail be continued until the end of the firft

feflion of the next parliament: (4) and all flatutes and ads of When the ads

parliament which before the said adjournment shall pafs by his	Jjow

Majefty’s royal aflent, shall be put in execution immediately af- take effed.

ter forty days after the said adjournment, notwithstanding that

by the words or letters of the laid ads or any of them, they he

limited to take effed, or be put in execution, from or at any

time after the end of this prefent feflion.	,

Anno	RegniCaroli Regis Anglia, Scotia, Francia

& Hibernia, tertio.

AT tie parliament begun at Weftminfter the Seventeenth day of March, Anno Dom. one tboufand fix hundred twenty feven, in the third year of the reign of our	»

cious Sovereign lord Charles, by the Grace of God, ^ England, Scotland, France and Ireland, King, defender of the. faith, &c. and there continued until the	day	of

June following, and then prorogued unto the twentieth day of October next enfuing •, to the high	of	Almighty

God, and to the weal publick of this realm, were enabled as followetb.

The petition exhibited to his Majefly by the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament ajfembled, concerning divers rights and liberties of the fubjetts, with the King's majefiy’s royal	anjwer thereunto in full parliament.

To the King’s mofi excellent majefly.

HUMBLY Jhew unto our Sovereign lord the the lords fpU The petition, ritual and temporal, and commons in parliament ajfembled, of right.

That whereas it is declared and matted by a flatuse made in the time of the reign of King Edward-/Ar Firjl commonly tailed Statutum de hF.iI.t. (tat*. tailagio non concedendo,	That no tallage or aid shall be laid er le- c- *•

vied by the King or his heirs in this realm, without the good will and affent of the arebbijbops, bijbops, earls, barons, knights,

and



ajEd.i.ftat.i. c. 6.

s Ed.3. Rat. %. c. 6.

ix R.». c. 9.

s R. 3. c. x.

9H.3. Hat. 1. c.19.

18 Ed. 3. c. 3.

37Ed.3. c. 18. 38Ed.j.ftat.». c. 9.

4* Ed. 3. c. 3. S7R. a. c. 6.

* Inft. 187.

Anno tertio Caroli. c.i.	[1627.

other the freemen of the commonalty of this realm ; (2) and by authority of parliament holden in the five and twentieth year of the reign of King Edward the Thirds it is declared and enabled* That from thenceforth no per fan should be compelled to mate any loans to the King against bis will* bicaufe fucb leans were against reafon and the frandnfe of the land; (3) and by other laws of this ream it is provided, That none should be charged by any charge or impofition called a benevolence* nor by fucb like charge: (4) by which the fatutes before mentioned* and other the good laws and Jlatutes of this realm* your fubjebls have inherited this freedom* That they should not be compelled to contribute to any tax* tallage* aid or other like charge not fit by common confent in parliament.

II. Yet neverthelefs* of late divers commifjions dire bled to funiry commijf oners in several counties* with injlrublions* have ijjued* by means whereof your people have been in divers places ajfembled* and required to lend certainJums of money unto your Majejly* and many of them* upon their refufal fo to do* have had an oath adminiftred unto them not warrantable by tie laws or Jlatutes of this realm* and have been conjlrained to become bound to make appearance and give attendance before your privy council and in other places* and others of them have been therefore imprifoned* confined* and sundry other ways mo-lefied and difquieted ; (2) and divers other charges have been laid and levied upon your people in several counties by lord lieutenants* deputy lieutenants* commijfioners for muflers, jufiices of peace and others* by command or direction from your Majejly* or your privy council* againji the laws and free cujtoms of the realm.

III.	And white also by the statute called The great charter of the liberties of England, it is declared and enabled* That no freeman may be taken or imprifoned* or be dijfeifed of his freehold or liberties, or his free cufioms* or be outlawed or exiled* or in manner dejlroyed*-but by the lawful judgment of his peers* or by the la w of the land.

IV.	And in the eight and twentieth year of the reign of King Edward the Third* it was declared and enabled by authority of parliament* That no man of what eftate or condition that he be* JboulA be put out of his hnd or tenements, nor taken* nor imprifoned* nor dijhe-rited* nor put to death without being brought to anfwer by due procefs of law:

V.	Neverthelefs against the tenor of the said Jlatutes* and other the good Jaws andflames of your realm to that end provided, divers of your fubjebis have of late been imprifoned without any caufe jbew• id; (2) and when for their deliverance they were brought before your jufiices by your Majejly's writs habeas corpus, there to undergo and receive as the court should order, and their keepers commanded to certify the caufes of their detainer* no caufe was certified, but that they were detained by your Majejly's fpecial command* Jtgmfied by the lords of your privy council* and yet were returned bad to several pri-fens* without being charged with any thing to which they might make anjwer according to the law:

VI.	And whereas of late great companies of foliiers and mariners have been difperfed into divers counties of the realm* arid the inhabitants againji their wills have been compelled to receive them into their

i6*7.]	Anno	tertio CaroLi. c.i.

hcufis, end there to faff orthem itagainji the laws and cu-fims of tbit realm, end to tie great grievance and vexation of the people:

319

VII.	And whereat alft by atdborily of parliament, in the five and ajEd.3.

twentieth yeartf the retgn of King Edward the	it is declared c-

and	mailed,Teat no man /could he	forejudged of life or limb againji

the form of the great charter and the law of the land; (a) end by 9H.3. flat. *. the fend great charter and other the laws and statutes of this your c. >9. realm, no man ought to be adjudged to death but by the laws	*5^-1 •

ed in this your realm, either by the	cuftonu of the fame realm, or by

ails of parliament :(3) and whereas no offender of what kind foovtr	’3' '3*

is exempted from the proceedings to be uftd, and	to

filled by the laws and statutes of this your realmnevertbelefs of late time divers cemmiffitns tender your Majejtfs great feal have ijfued forth, by which certain porfens have been ajfgned and appointed miffioners	with power and authority to proceed within toe land, ac-

cording to the juflice of martial law, againji fucb foldiers or mariners, or other dtjfokte persons joining with them, as Jbould commit any murder, robbery, felony, mutiny or other outrage or mifdemeanor whatfoever, and by fuchjummary courfe and order as is agreeable to martial law, and as is ufed in armies in time of war, to proceed to the trial and condemnation of fiuhoffenders, and them to cattfe to be executed and pm to death according to the law martial:

VIII.	By pretext whereof feme ofyour Afajrfty’s fulfills have been

by fame ef the said commfjvmers put to	deathwhen and where, if by

the laws and statutes ef the land they bad defined death, by the fame laws and statutes cifi they might, and by no other ought to have been judged and executed:

IX.	And cdfo sundry grievous offenders, by colour thereof claiming

an exemption, have	tfiapedthe pimijbmtnts due to	them by the laws

and statutes of this your realm, by rtafan that of year officers and minifters of juftics have unjsft/y refufid or forborn to proceed a-gainft such offenders according to the fame laws and statutes, upon pretence that the said offenders were punijhable only by martial law, and by authority of fiuhsemmiffums as aforesaid: (a)

and all other of like nature, arc wholly and contrary to the said laws	andjiatutesof this your realm:

X.	They do therefore humbly pray your moft excellent Ma-

jftty, That no man hereafter be compelled to make or yield any J 5 *'*"**’*' gift, loan, benevolence, tax, or fuch-like charge, without common confent by aft of parliament; (2) and that none be caUed to make anfwer, or take such oath, or to give attendance, or be confined, or otherwise molefted or difquieted concerning the fame, or for refufal thereof; (3) and that no freeman, in any such manner as is before-mentioned, be imprifoned or detained;

(4)	and that your Majesty would he pleafed to remove the laid 1 loft. 51. foldiers and mariners, and that your people may not be fo bur-thened in time to come; (5) and that the aforesaid com millions, for proceeding by martial law, may be revoked and annulled ; and that hereafter no commiffions of like nature may ifliie forth to any perlbn or persons whatfoever to .be executed as aforesaid,

left

Anno tertio CaroLl c.2.	[1627.

left by colour of them any of your Majesty’s fubjefb be dcftrov-ed, or put to death contrary to the laws and fctnchife of toe land.

XI.	All which they mod humbly pray of your mod excellent Majesty as their rights and liberties, according to the laws and statutes of this realm; and that your Majesty would also vouch-fafe to declare. That the awards, doings and proceedings, to the prejudice of your people in any of the premiflcs, shall not be .drawn hereafter into confequencc or example; (2) and that .	your	Majefty	would be also gracioufly pleafed, for the further

comfort ana fefety of your people, to declare your royal will and pleafiire. That in the things aforesaid all your officers and minifters shall ferve you according to the laws and statutes of this realm, as they tender the honour of your Maiefty, and the profperity of this Kingdom. Qua quidem petition leftd plenties tnteUeftA per diftum dormnum regent taliter eft refponfum in pleno par-Uamento, viz. Soit droit fait come eft defire.

CAP. I. (II.)

An act for the further reformation of fundty abufes commit-ted on the Lord?* dayy commonly called Sunday.

A carrier, See. TTORASMUCH as the Lord’s dajy commonly called Sunday, is lJjat 0,1 A1 much broken and profaned by carriers^ waggoners, carters, wain-Jhallforfeit ***** butchers y and drovers of cattle, to the great dijhonour if Gody so s.	°nd reproach of religion : (2) be it therefore enacted by the King's

mod excellent majesty, and the lords fpiritual and temporal, and by the commons, in this prefent. parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That no carrier with any horfe or horfes, nor waggon-men with any waggon or waggons, nor carmen with any cart or carts, nor wainman with any wain or wains, nor drovers with any cattle, shall after forty "days next after the end of this prefent feffion of parliament, by themfelves, or any other, travel upon the said day, upon pain that every person and persons fo offending shall lofe and forfeit twenty (hil-Butchers that **n8s f°T every such offence : (3) or if any butcher, by himfelf fell or kill vie- or any other for him by his privity or confent, shall after the wponffiatend of the said forty days kill or fell any vidual upon the said ftdt 6sTid	***** t*lcn evciT ^ch butcher shall forfeit and lofe for every

fuch offence the fum of fix shillings and eight-pence; (4) the said offences and every of them being done in view of any juftice of peace, mayor or other head officer, of any city or town corporate within their limits refpeltively, or being proved upon oath by two or more witnefles, or by the confeffion of the party offending, before any such juftice, mayor or head officer, within their (everal limits refpcdtively, wherein such offence shall be committed; to which end every such juftice, mayor or head officer, shall have power by this a St to minifter an oath to such After convic- wjtnefs or witnefles: (5) all which fums or penalties shall or sismnt from may be levied by any conftable or church-warden, by warrant a juftice, See, from any such juftice or justices of the peace, mayor or other *	head officer, as aforefiud, within their (everal limits where fuch

offence

i6iyJ\ Anno terfio CaRoli. c.2. (3)	'32

offence shall be committed or done, by diftrefs and fale of thi Wnftable*, Offenders goodsj rendring to the party the overplus, or shall be recovered by any' perfdn Or pferfons that Will fue for the fame, by turet t0 fo, bill, plaint or infonnatiori, in any of his Majesty’s courts of re- ufe of the cord, in any city or town corporate, before hid Majesty's justices poor i or they of the peace in theft general feffiohs of the peace r (6) all which m?Lbhrfl?« forfeitures shall be implbyed to and for the ufe of the poor or e ^ 1 ‘ the pari(hes where the (aid offences shall be committed of done, laving only that it shall tfe lawful to and for any such juftice^ mayor or Head officer, out of the said forfeitures, to reward any such person or persons that shall inform dr otherwise profecufe any person or persons offending against this prefent aQ, accord* ing to their discretions, lb that such reward exceed not the third part of the forfeiture: (7) provided that such bill, plaint or in* formation, shall be commenced, fued and profecuted in thd county, city of towh corporate, where such offence shall bd committed and done, and not elfewhefe • wherein no effoin, protection or wager of law shall! be allowed to the defendant:

(8)	provided always. That it shall be.lawful for siny conftable or churchwarden, that shall have any fuit Otj aftion brought a* gainft them for any diftrefs by them or any of them to be takeii by force of this prefent aCt, to plead the general iffue, and to give the fpecial matter in evidence: (9) provided likewife, Thai no person at perlbns whatfoeVCr shall be impeached by this aCt, unlefe he be thereof queftioned within fix months after the of-* fence committed : (it) provided further, That this adt shall nol in any (brt abridge or take away the authority of the courts ec-* defianical. (11) This aCt to continue to the end of the tirft fef» fion of the next parliament. Enforced 29 Car. 2.	7.

GAP. II. (Ill,)

An aft	torefirain the faffing or fending of any to be fopifhb/*

bred beyond the feas.

FORASMUCH as divers	iU-affeffed perjbris lo the trite religion A rfcdftdlrt td

eftabtijbedwithin this realm, have feht their children into foreign paffage or . parts to be bred up in Popery, notuiithjlanding the rejlraint thereof bf fendiitgany the Jlatutt made its tfte firjl pear of the reign of our late fovereign lord King J&meS of famous memory j bfe it enaCted, That the Grid statute popifhly bred, shall be put in due execution: (2) and be it further enaCtcd by 1 Jsc. x. c. 4. the King’s moty excellent majesty5 and the lofds fpiritual and ^ethatgoeth temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That in cafe any person or otber beyond persons under the obedience of the King, hit heirs and fuccef- the Teas to be fors, at any time after the end of this feffton of parliament, shall trained up in pals or go, or shall convey or fend, or caufe to be fent or con--veyed, any child or other perfon, out of any of the King’s do-- Med to fue,&e. minions, into any the parts oeyond the feas, out of the King’s and shall lofeall obedience, to the intent and purpose to enter into, dr be red- W«gopdx, and dent of trained up in, any priory, abbey, nunnery, popifh uni-verfity, college or fchool, or houfe of jefuits, priefts, or in any for life. ’ private popifh family, and shall be there by any jefuits. fcmina- *7 Elia. c. 1. Vot. VII,	Y	xy,	|jac.,.c. J.

£R	AttOO	tcrtjo	UAROU,	C.2.	L1D27

ry priertsjfricr, monk, or other popilh peifon, inlf ru<fted, perfwad. ed or fccqfff hened in the popilh religion, in any fort to profefs th fame, or in ail convey or fend, or caqfe tp be conveyed or fent, by dte hands or means of any person whatfoever, any fum 01 fums of money, or pther thine, for or towards the m^intenano) of any child or other person already gone or fent, or tp go or be fent, and trained and inftrufted as is aforefeid, qr under tht name or colour of any charity, bcnevqleqfe or alms*. toward) the relief of any priory, abbey, nunnery, oollege, feftool,

, any religious houfe whatfoever; eycry person fo lending,' conveying, or caufing to be fent and cpoveypd, as well any fuel) child or other perfon, as any fum or fums of money, or other thing, and every person palling or being fent beyond the feas, bong thereof lawfully convicted, in or upon any information, presentment or indictment, as is aforesaid, shall be difebled from thenceforth to fue or ufe any aCtion, bill, plaint or information, in courfe of law, or to profecqte any fojt ip any court of equity, or to be committee of any ward, or executqr or adroiraftratewr to any perfon, or capable of any legacy or deed of gift, or to bear any office within the realm} (3) and shall lofe and forfeit all his goods and chattels, and (ball forfeit all his lands, tenements and hereditaments, rents, annuities, offices and eftates oS freehold, tor and during his natural life*

A convert flail H. Provided always. That no person fent er conveyed as a-not incur the forefeid, that shall within fix months after his return into this g*”*?*** *• realm conform himfelf unto the prefent religion eftablifoed in a* Eliz.'c. s. dwrch °f England,and receive the fscrameot of die Lord’s fupper, according to the fiatutes made concerning conformity in other cafes required from popilh recufents, shall, incur any the penalties aforesaid.

III.	And it is ena&ed, That all and every the offences against this statute may be enquired, heard and determined before the juitices of the King’s bench, or juflices of affize or gaol-delivery, or of oyer apa	terminer., of foch counties where the offend-

ers did last dwell or abide, or whence they departed out of this kingdom, or where they were taken.

Iv. Provided also, That if any peribn or child, fo palling or lent, or now being beyond the fea, shall after his return info this realm conform himfelf to this religion eftablifhed in the church of England, and receive the facrament of the Lord his fupper, according to the ilatutes made for or concerning conformity in other cafes required from popilh recufents, for and during such time as he or (he shall fo continue in such conformity and obedience, according to the true intent and meaning of the said laws and Ilatutes, mall have bis or her lands rellored to them again.

CAP.

*&?]

3%3

Anho tertio CAROti, c.3. (4)

CAP. Ill, (IV.)

j4n aft for the better [upprejfing of unjicenced alebouji-

keeper*.

WHEREAS by an aft made in the fifth year of the reign of King The forfefoira Edward the Sixth, offamous memory, intituled, An adfc for and Pu™*-Jteeperi of alehoufes to be bound by recognizance, amdngft other things it is enaftedi That if any person or persons, other than such as alehoufe vritK-. jbould be from thenceforth admitted and allowed by the jufiices men- out licence. Honed in the said aft, Jbould after the day in the jaid aft limited, ob- 5 & 6 Ed- •• fiinately and upon his own authority, take upon him or them to keep a c*151 gammon alehoufe or tippling-boufe, or Jbould contrary to the command-fnent of the said jufiicesy or two of them, ufe commonly felling of ale ar beer9 that then said jufiices of peace9 or'two of them (whereof on4 io be of the quorum) Jbould for every such offence commit every such person or perjofts fo offending to the common gaol within the fame Joire, city, borougPy town corporate, franebife or liberty* there to remain without bail on ffiainprije by the (face of three days : (2) and before his or their deliverance, the faia jufiices Jbould take recognizance of him or them fo committedy with two Jure ties, that he or they Jbould not keep any common alehoufe, tippling~boufes or ufe commonly felling of ale or beer, as by the discretion o f the said jufiices Jbould feem con-venient: (3) and the said jufiices jbould make certificate ef every such recognizance and offence at the next quarter-fejfums that jbould be hold-en within ibe fame Jbire* city, borough town corporate, franchife or liberty where the fame Jbould be committed or done 5 (4) which certificate Jbould fie a Sufficient conviftion in law of the fame offence: (5) and the said jufiices of peace, upon the said certificate made, Jbould in open fejfions ajfefs the fine for every such offence, at twenty /hillings, as by the said aft may appear; (6) which law hath not wrought such reformation as was intended, for that the said fine of tweniy Jbillings is feldom levied, and for that many of toe said offenders, bj reafon of their poverty, are neither,able to pay the said fine of twenty Jbiilings, nor yet to bear their own charges of conveying them to the gaol; and moreover. do leave a great charge of Wife and children upon the parijfies wherein they live: in regard whereof, the confiables and Other officers ai'i much difeouraged in prefenting them, ahd the offend* ers become obfiinate and incorrigible:

. II. Foi* remedy whereof, be it enabled by the authority of He that kee|>s this present parliament, That if any person or persons, after *l«houfe, forty days next enfuing tht end of this prefent feffion of parlia- licence foall ment, mall upon his own authority, not being thereunto law- forfeit aoa. fully licenced, take upon hitn, her or them, to keep a common alehoufe or tippling-houfe, of ufe commonly felling of ale, beer; cyder or perry, that then every such person or persons shall for tvery such offence forfeit and lofe the fum of twenty shillings of current money of England, to the ufe of the poor of the parifh where such offence shall be committed^ the fame offence being viewed and feen by any mayor, bailiff or juftice of peace, of other head officer within their several limits, or confefled by

Y 2	the

3*4

The confta-bleiorcburcb-wardens AaU levy the said forfeiture to the uic of the poor.

The party that is not able to pay the forfeiture shall be whipped.

The officer neglecting to putiifh the offender shall be imprifoned,or pay 40s.

For the fecond and third offence the offender shall be committed to the houfe of correction.

Anno feftto CaRoli. C.j. (4}	[1627.

the party fo offending, or proved by the oath of two witneflcs, to be talcen before any mayor, bailiff or other head officer, or any one or more juftice or justices of the peace, who by virtue of this a& shall be authorized to minifter the said oath to any person or persons that can or will juftify the lame, being within the limits of their said commiffion: (2) the said penalty to be levied by the conftables or churchwardens of the parilh or pa-rilhes where the said offence shall be committed, who shall be accountable therefore to the ufe of the poor of the laid parilh, by way of diftrels to be taken and detained by warrant or precept from the said mayor, bailiff, juftice or justices or other head-officer by whom the said offence shall be viewed, or before whom the fame shall be confefied or proved as aforelaid : (3) and for default of fatisfaftion within three days next enfuing, the laid diftrels to be by the (aid conftables or churchwardens apprailed and fold, and the overplus to be delivered to the party or parties offending, and this to be only for the first offence: (4) and if such offender or offenders shall not have fufficient goods and chattels, whereby the said twenty shillings may be levied by way 1 of diftrels as aforesaid, or shall not pay the said fum of twenty fhil-lipgs within fix days after such conviction as aforesaid; That then the said mayor, bailiff, Juftice or juftices, or other head officer before whom the said offender shall be convicted as aforesaid, shall commit all and every the said offender or offenders to fome conftable or conftables, or other inferior officer or officers of the city, borough, town, parilh or hamlet, where the offence shall be committed, or the party apprehended, to be openly whipped for the said offence, as the said juftice or justices shall limit or appoint.

III.	And be it enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if any conftable or inferior officer shall negleCt to execute the said precept or warrant, or do refufe, or do not execute, by himfelf or fome other to be by him appointed, upon the offender, the punifhment limited by this ftatute,* that in that cafe it shall and may be lawful for the said mayor, bailiff, juftice and justices of peace or other head,officer, to commit the conftable or other inferior officer fo refuting, or not executing the said punilhment by himfelf or fome other, to the common gaol of the said county, city or towm corporate, there to remain without bail or main-j rize, until the said offender or offenders shall be by the said conftable or conftables, or other inferior officer fo refufing, or not executing the said punilhment, or fome by his or their procurement, punilhed or whipped as is above limited and declared, or until he or they fo ncgledting or refufing shall have paid the fum of forty shillings of lawful money of England, unto the ufe of the poor of the parilh, for their faia contempt.

IV.	And be it further enabled. That if the said offender or offenders, being an unlicenced alehoufe-keeper, shall offend in any of the premiffes the fecond time, and be thereof lawfully convifted in manner and form aforesaid, That then the said mayor, bailiff, juftice or justices of peace or other head officer,

(hall

i6z7.]	Anno tertio CAROLI. c.4, (5)	32.5

fhall commit him, her or them unto the houfe of correction, there to remain for the fpace of one month, and be dealt withal as idle, lewd and diforderly perfons: (2) and if such person or persons shall again offend, and shall be thereof convifted as aforesaid, That then the laid offender or offenders for every such offence shall be committed unto the said houfe of correction as aforesaid, there to remain until by order of the justices in their general feffions for the county, city, borough or firanchife, he, ' the or they shall be delivered from thence.

V.	Provided always. That such offender or offenders as shall The offender be punifhed by virtue of this act, shall not be punifhed again l^/dfbed by, for the fame offence by the former aft made in the fifth year of King Edward the Sixth afore mentioned; (2) and that such of- puniihedby fender or offenders as shall be punifhed by virtue of the before 5 & 6 Ed. 6. mentioned aft made in the fifth year of King Edward the Sixth,c- *$• $ econ-fliall not be punifhed again for the (ame offence by yirtue of this***' prelent aft, nor any thing therein Contained. .	'

’ VL Provided always. That in such towns and places where Alehoufe* any fair or fairs shall be kept, that/or the time only of the fame *ePt jh.e fair or fairs it shall be lawful for every person or persons to ufe excepted* ” common felling of ale or beer in booths or other places there, for the relief or the King's fubjefts that shall repair unto the fame, in such like manner and fort as hath been ufed and done in times paft $ this act, or any thing therein contained, to the contrary notwithstanding. 1 Jot. 1.c.g. 4 Jac. 1. r. 4. f. 7. 1 Car. 1. #.4,.

CAP. IV. (V.)

An a8 for continuance and repeal of divers fiatutes.

BE it enacted by the authority of this present parliament,Fife.

That one ad made in the first year of the reign of the late Divers ftatntes Queen	Elizabeth, intituled. An ail	for the prefervation ™ ofhnscon-

and fry of fifbyexcept the provifo in the laid aft mentioned, tinued, and " That the fame aft dull-not extend to the rivers of Tweedy nor <bme other* waters or rivers whereof the Queen was anfwered of any yearly repealed, rent or profit, nor to farmers, owners or occupiers of the ri- *El1*' c‘ ,7‘ vers of Wjty UJk*, and other rivers in the laid provifo mentioned or contained:

IL One aft made in the thirteenth year of the reign of the Leafe*. late Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An ail touching leafts	>3 c. so.

and other ecclefiaftical livings with cure; together with all and eve- Efjz- c- *’• ry explanations, additions and alterations thereof or of any of ^ E1;*' them, or to any of them, made by several statutes in the fourteenth, eighteenth and three and fortieth years of her said late Majesty’s reign:

III.	And one aft made in the feven and twentieth year of the pier of Lyme-reign of the late Queen Elizabetby intituled, An ail the -

tenance of the pier and cob e/Lyme-Regis in the county of :	"*•?•

IV.	And one aft made in the third yearof the r eig n of the late **'

King Jamety intituled. An all for the avoiding of tomeerfi'ary delays Vhefouraft* of executions j be by authority of this parliament made perpetual, abort me».

Y 3	and

326

tioned made perpetual* Execution. Ufury.

»i Jac. 1. c.rj made perpetual.

CiWtCB, Sec. fi H. 8. c. »

Cattle.

I & 4 Ed. 6; C. 19.

Anno tertio C4R.0LI. c.4. (5)

[1627.

Cattle.

Butter and cheefe.

3 & 4 Ed. 6.

f■ »i.

ai Jac. 1. c.xa.

Fi(h.

5 Eliz. c. 5.

*? Jae.j. e.28

^Trrchants.

5 Llxfi. c. 7.

and (ball from henceforth (land in full force and efffcft, and be put in due execution for ever hereafter.

V.	And be it ajfo enabled by the fame authority. That one statute made in the one and twentieth year of the reign of the hte King James* intituled. An aft againfi ufury, which aft was to coptinuc for the fpace of feven years from the four and twentieth day of June, which then fhcnild be in the year of our Lord God one thousand fix hundred twenty and fire, and lb to the end of the firfl feffion of parliament then next following, be aifb by authority of thh parliament made perpetual.

VI.	And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That one aft made in the one and twentieth year at the reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An aft fur tbf true mating of cables, bailers and ropes :

VII.	And that part of one f& made in the parliament holdT en at Wejlndnjler by prorogation the fourth day of November* and continued until the first day of February next after, in the third and fourth years of the reign of the late King Edward the Sixth, by which it is ordained and enafted, That no petfon or perform after the time ip the fad aft mentioned shall ftU again lire cattle in the said aft mentioned, at or in the market or fair wherein he bought the fame, during the time of the fame fipr or maket, under the.pains therein contained :

VIII.	And that no pprfoti being a butcher, and ufing the craft or myllery of butchery, shall at any time-after the said feaft buy any fat oxen, fleers, runts, kine, heifers, calves, or fheep, and fell or caufe to be fold the fame again alive, upon pain of forfeiture of every such ox, fleer, runt, cow, heifer, calves or (heep, bargained or fold contrary to the form of that aft :

JX. One other aft made in the fame parliament, intituled^ An act for the buying and felling of butter and cheefe j together with one statute made in the parliament holdrn in the one and twentieth year of the reign of the late King James, intituled. Ah aft for the explanation of the fatutes made in the third, fourth and fftb years of the reign of the said late King Edward the Sixth, concerning the traders of butter and cheefe :

. X. And fo much of an aft made in the fifth year of the reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An aft touching certain politick cofifli tut ions made for the maintenance of the navy* as Is not repealed by any later ftatute, nor doth concern the eating of fleih, or ufing of fifh upon the IVednefday, nor the tranfportation of herring or other fea-fifti, nor freedom of fubfidy, custom or ton-^ nage for the fame, nor tranfportation of com, nor the prohibit- * ing the bringing into this realm any cod or..ling in barrels or other calks ; together with all and every other additions, explanations and alterations made thereunto or thereof, or of any part thereof, by any (latute or statutes made fitbence the making of the said last mentioned aft, and in force the lad day of the feffion of parliament that was in the one and twentieth year of the reign of the late King James:

XL And one other aft made in the said fifth year, intituled,

‘	An

16*7-1 Annoterdo Carou. c.4. (5)	3*7

yfh allfir avoiding	divers foreign	wares made handscraftfmenbe-

yond the feos :

XII.	And an ad nude in the eighth year of the reign of -the Game*,

faid late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An aft for	and the 8 Eliz. c. it.

prices of hews: •

XIII.	And one adt made in the thirteenth year of the teigo Furrtyora.

jof the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An all that purveyors map *1 c*tu take tern	and viftuedswithin fine miles if Cambridge and Oxford,

in eertaih cafes:

XIV.	And ib much of an ad made in the fourteenth year bf Poor.

the reign of the (aid late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, Ah fat 14. Elia* c. j. the pnhifinieht ef	vagabohds,and	the relief tie peer and impotent,

.ns concerned* the taxing, rating, levying and imploying of gad •* money:

XV. And fo much of on ad made in the eighteenth year ef it Eliz. c j. the reign of the said late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An all fit

the fitting the poet on work and avoiding idlcmfls, ae conce'meth baftards begotten but of lawful matrimony: (a) with this, That all kritioet of the peace within their several limits and precinds, and in their fevenkl feffion*, may do end execute all things con* -eerhing that part ef the said ftatute, that by justices of the pCScd in the several counties are by the (aid statute limited to be dbnC:

XVI.	And an ad made in the laid eighteenth year of thC.yngiM—

reign of the said late Queen	Elizabeth, intituled, alt fir re-18 Elis. c.

fairing deed amending ef the bridges and highways mar unto the dtp

XVTI. And one ad shade the (even and twentieth year of die Weftmmter. reign bf the said late Qtoeeh Elizabeth, intituled, An aft fir tie *7.Elis. net good government of the cfty or borough Weftminfter:	printed.

XVIII.	And two Other ads made in the said (even and twen- Malt.

tieth year of the reign of the dud late Queen Elizabeth*, the one *7 EU*-C> tj. intituled. An aft fir reviving ef a farmer flame fir the true making *&jEd’6,c,1D' tf **&, together WftH the statute by die ad revived 1 (2) and g.. n.„y. the other intituled, An alt far the keeping of the fen-banks andfea- %J Eliz. c. 14. works in the county ^‘Nbtfolk :

XIX.	And one ad made ih the one and thirtieth year of the Ale.

reign of the late Queeh	Elizabeth, intituled. aft far the	true J*EKl* *• *•

gauging tf veffds brought froth beyond the converted by brewers, for the utterance and file ef ale and beer :

XX.	And two ada made in the five and thirtieth year of her said Kerfies.

late Majesty’s reign, the one intituled, An all for the reformation js Eliz. c. 10. of fimdry	amflesin cloths called Devonlhire ktrfies or dozens, according to a	proclamationaf the four <

vr and thirtieth yea

fifs rtign ■, (a) the other intituled: An alt for the bringing in ^Timber.

'	1	d	the feat, and the rtftraining of the Js Eliz.'c.

‘L - •	'‘rtjtrvin~ -*

clapboard from the parts beyond the fe

traniporting of wine	teflks, fir the jparing and preferving if timber

within the realm :

XXI.	And fo much of one ad made in the live and thirtieth Pope, year of the reign of the (aid late Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An 35 c* *• all to retain the Queen's majefly s fubjcHs in their due obedience, as hath not b$en (iqcc repealed by any other ftatute:

V ♦	XXII.	And

it*.

w

Poor.

ito.

Mariners.

39 Eli?, p. so.-ajEl}z.c. 7.

Wool cards. 39 Eliz. c. 14* Malt.

39 Eliz. c. 16. Poor.

41 Eliz. c. 3.

Frivolpus fnits. 4? Eliz. c. 6. Foor.

43 Eli?. C. *. ^Jaq.s.c. 45.

Apprentice. The overfeers pf the poqr may put qut apprentices. The churchwardens, &c. jnayfetup any trade to nnd poor work.

Woolen cloth, 43 Eliz. c. 10. Perjury.

43 Eliz. c. 5. Poori

I Jac. 1. c. 7. 39 Eliz. c. 4.

1 Jac. f. c. 8

Leather.

1 Jac. 1. c. a*. 4 Jac. i. c. 6. Came.

) Jac. 2. c. 27,

Anno terdo Caroli. c.4. (5.)	[1627,

XXII.	And the several ads hereafter mentioned, made m the thirty ninth year of the reign the late Queen	that

is to fay, an a<5t, intituled. An off	of	,

vagabonds and Jlurdj beggars, with the provifion annexed thereunto by one ad made in the first year of the reign of the late King Jams, intituled. AnaB for the continuing and reviving of divers fiatutes, and for repealing offome others; (a) an aft, intituled. An ail for the inereafe of	and	for maintenances

of	navigation, repealing a former aft made in the three and

twentieth year of her said Majesty’s reign, bearing the fame title; (?) An aft, intituled, An aB prohibiting the hinging into this realm of foreign cards for wool-, (4) An aft, intituled. An aB for refraining the excejfive making of malt-, (5) An	a->

gainjl lewd and wandring persons, preten to be fildiersor nut-! rivers :(6) and' the several afts hereafter-mentioned, made in the three and fortieth.ycar of the reign of the said http Queen. Elizabeth, that is to fay, An aft, intituled. An ait for (he .fej/ary relief offoidiers or mariners-, (7) An aft, intituled, ait to avoid trifling and frivolous	fyitfin law in her Mayfly's courts

Wefttninfter; (8) An aft, intituled, An for relief of poor, with the addition thereunto made by an aft made in the tirft year of the reign of the late King James, intituled. An for continuing of divers fiatutes, and for repeal of fome others, and with this further addition; (9) and be it ena&ed, That all persons tp whom the overfeers of the poor shall, according to the said ad, bind any children apprentices, may take and receive, and keep them as apprentices; and also that the churchwardens and pverfpers of the poor, mentioned in the (aid aft made in. the said three and fortieth year, may,, by and with the confen^ of two or more justices of the peace, whereof one tp be pf the quorum, within their refpeftive limits, wherein shall be more justices than one, and where no more shall be than one with the affent of that one juftice of the peace, let up, ufe and occupy any trade, myftery or occupation, only for the fetting bn work and better relief of the poor of the parilh, town or place, of or within which they shall be churchwardens.or overfeers of the poor; any former statute to the contrary rfotwithftand-jng; (id) An ad, intituled, An ait for the true making and working of woolen cloth: (; i) An ad, intituled, An ail to prevent perjury and fubornation of perjury, and unneciffary expence in fuits of law .-(12) and the fevcral ads made in the first year of the reign of the late King James after-mentioned; one ad, intituled, An aB for continuance and explanation of the statute made in the nine and thirtieth year of the reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled,	An ail for punijbment	of rogues, vagabonds anifiurdy beg-

gars :(13) another, intituled. An qB to take away the benefit of

clergy for fome kind of manfiaughter: (14) another intituled. An aB cincer/iing tanners, curriers, jhee and other artificers occupying the cutting of leather, faving for such part thereof as is repealed by one other ad made in the fourth year pf his faid

lata

*-627.3 Anno tertio Caroli. c.4. (5.)	529

late Majcfty’s reign of England, in that behalf: (15) another, intituled. An act for the better of the intent and meaning of former Jiatutes made againji Jbooting in and for the	prefervation of the game of pbeafants andpatridges, and

the defireping of hares with bare-pipu, and tracing of harts in thp /new: (16) An ait, intituled. An.aft for avoiding of deceit in Hop*. felling,buying	or /pendingcorrupt and unwb (17) An»J»«. «• e. i*.

ait, intituled. An act for explanation the made in Labourer*. fifth year of the late Queen Elizabeth’/ rconcerning labourers: 5 E1»** «• 4* {18)	An aft fir the charitable relief and ordering ofinfilled p,*ffue>	•

with thy	plague:(19) and the leyeral aits made in the third|	^

year of the reign of the late King fames, after-mentioned, J * * that it to (ay, one intituled. An act for relief of fiuh as lawfully Skinner*. ufe the trade and handicraft of Jkinners; (ao) Another ait, inti- 3J*0-'•0 9* tuled. An act for rating ana levying of the charges for conveying malefaftorsand offenders to the gaol', (21) Another ait, for tranj-ijae.s.e. so, fortation of beer over the feas(??) one other, intituled. An Ale. againji unlawful bunting and Jlealing of deer and j (23) and iJac* *• c-**• one ait made in the fourth year of the reign of the said late ( c King fames, intituled. An aft fir the better provifion of meadow Husbandry.

andpaflure fir the neceffarymaintenance of	and in ejac. 1. c. 11.

the manors, lordjbips and parijbes of Marden, alias Mawarden,

Bodenham, Wellington, Sutton St. Michael, Sutton St. Nicholas, Murton upon Ltjgge, and the parijh off Pipe, and every of them, in the county of Hereford: (24) and the several ads Offender* in 1 made in the feventh year of the reign of the said late King north. fames after-mentioned} the one, intituled. An act for the hot-1 'ac‘ ** c‘T* s ter execution of jtfflice, and 'fuppreffingof criminal offenders the north parts of the kingdom of England; (25) another, in*^l(t. tituled. An aftfor the due execution of avers laws and Jiatutes here- 7 J *	*"

tofore made againji rogues, vagabonds and fiurdy beggars, and' other lewd and idle perfons; (26) Another, intituled, An aft to Hawking. prevent the fpoil of com and grain by untimely hawking, and for the 7 J*6, *,c" **• better prefervation tf pheafants and patridges \ (27) one other, in- Debt, tituled. An aft to avoid the double payment of j (28) one 7 Jac. 1. c. 1*. other, intituled, An act for the explanation of oneJlatute made in the _ fecond feffion of that present parliament, intituled. agrnft unlawful hunting of deer and conies', (29) And one other Hufbandry. ait, intituled. An act for the taking, landing and	7jac.«. c.i*.

fond for the bettering /grounds,and for the increafe of corn and tillage, within the counties of Devon and Cornwall: (30) and wild fowl, that one part of the flatute made in the five and twentieth year »sh. c. ■ 1. of the reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, intituled. An 5 & ♦ E4-aft for the deftruftion of wild fowl, which was repealed by a later c> 7‘ ait in the parliament holden in the third and fourth years of the reign of the late King Edward the Sixth, and revived in the parliament holden in the one and twentieth year of the reign of the late King James:(31) and one ait made in the first year of the reign of the late Queen , for and concern- vtrayt. fng fhe making, repairing and amendment of the common	c.<.

'	.	high-	*ijac. ».c. »S.

jgo	Anno	tcrtio	Caroli. c.4. (5.)	[162;

*	highway	and	Cawley	in	the counties of Dorfet and

between die towns of Sbaftfi and in the (aid count '	of Dorfet^and revived in the find one and twentieth year : (32

and also the several ads hereafter-mentioned, made in the fail One and twentieth year of the reign of the late King fames Women. that is to fay. An ad intituled. An concerning women roast Jao. 1. c.6. viftedof fmsm	fohnies\ (33) And one ad, intituled.	a£t fot

the continuance of a former Jlatute trade in the fourth year of the Wosleo doth, reign of the/hid late King James,	, oA for true

**• making of woolen	ctubes, and for fotiu additions and alterations in

sij?CiYr*y dnd to the Jhmei together with fo much of one ad made In the ‘ (aid fourth year, as was in forte the last thy of the feffion of parliament noldfcn in the said otte and twentieth year: (34)

, Curing and And one Other ad, intituled. An ait to prevent and refortn pro-' (Wearing. feme /wearing and ckrfing; (35) And one ad, intituled, »frc.s.c.ao. prevent the defrejittg am murdering	fhiidrm; (36)

si Jac. t'c.tj.t>y virtue of this ad, shall be and continue until the fend of the The jisatutea Am (feffion of the next parliament, in force and eflfed as the above men- feme were the first day of the feffion of parliament holden in tto"*d «he first year of the reign of our (bvenetgh lord the King «nd oft he first t*'at now ‘h: (37) «id be it allb enaded, that one statute ieflionof the made iq the (aid hrft year of his Majesty’s reign that now is, next parlia. intituled. An aft for	piini/hingof Overs obtejescommitted on the Lord’s

nfft' dayt shall continue in force until the end of the first feffion of LonTi d/v.** *• next patliament.

Continued till XXIIL Provided neVertftelefs, That fd much of every of fome other ad the (aid ads, as by any new ad hiade in this feflkm of par-he made for foment afe or shall be explained, altered or repealed, fhal| ordifrontf8	thereof,	from the end of this feffion of parlia-

nuance of the ment, ftand and be in force as by thofe other ads shall be or-faid a£U Jained.

Com;	XXIV.	Provided	alfo, and be it further enaded by the

w*e*^>rn authority of this present parliament. That when the prices of ported?traBt* com or grafoj at the times, havens and places, when and where 5rijac.it, c. ,g. the said com or grain shall be bought, (hipped or loaden, exceed not the rates hereafter following, iwz; The quarter of wheat at thirty and two shillings the quarter} the quarter of rye at twenty (hillings} the quarter of peafe and beans at iixteen (hillings; the quarter of barley or malt at fixteen shillings of current Englifh money} that then it (hajl be lawful for all and every person and persons, being fubjeds of the King’s majesty, his heirs and fucceiTors, and born within this realm, to carry and tranfport of his own, and to buy to fell again in markets and out of markets, and to keep or fell, or carry and tranfport, any of the said corns and grains from the places where they shall be of such prices, unto any parts beyond the feas in amity with his Majesty, as merchandize, in (hips, crayers or other veffels, whereof any Engli(h-born fubjed or fiibjcds then shall be the owner ctf owners, or the fame to carry and fell in other places wjth-

ib

p627.3 Aftno terrio QakoLi. 04. (5.)	331

in this realm or dominions thereof; any law, Statute or • usage to the contrary hereof notwithstanding: and that' the The caftom King's maiefty, his-heirs and fucceffim, Shall have and re-and poundage ceive by the customers and officers of his ports, for the of cor*, cufton or poundage of every quarter of wheat, to be traitf* ported by force of this Statute, out of this realm, two (hit* lings; of every quarter of other, grain, Sixteen-pence: which said Several Sums So to be had and taken as custom or pouts* dagc, shall: be in, full Satisfa&ioil of all manner of culfont or poundage for the Said com or grain, by any constitution, or*

■ tier. Statute, law or custom heretofore made, ufed or taken fcr tranfporting any fitch manna: of own- or grain, or made in . this prefent feffion of parliament of hereafter to be made.

XXV. Provided always, and be it cnaftad by the autho-The King’s i rity of this present parliament. That the King’s ma)efty, hte prpobmatW > heirs and fucceilbrs, may at ah times by hie and- their writ"1**!’**1**?1.

' of proclamation, to be published goticrilly in the whole realm, ^MnT**1** 1 or in any of the counties of ibis realm, where any ports ere, k . {command, that no pcrSon Shall by virtu* of this aft transport' or convey any nftmher of graio ont of hie Htghflefk donti* »•

1 pions generally, or out of any Special ports, to be in the said proclamation particularly named, for fodl time is shall be therein limited and appointed: (a) and it Shall Mot be 1 lawful for any person to carry ont any such grain contrary jto the* tenor of the dud proclamation, upon such pans ana I forfeitures as by the lajws and Statutes of tins realm are . and have been provided and ordained in- that behalf; this I aft or any dung therein contained to the contrary notwithftand-

Provided alio, and be it enafted. That, no period Wcllh cottons, or peribns Shall incur any penalty for want of length, breadth , or weight of WelSh cottons, under the price of fifteen pence the yard, or two Shillings the goad, fo as they be not mixt with hair or other deceitful fluff, nor for any others above that

Erice, except they Shall be mixt as aforesaid, or Shall Shrink a-ove the rate of half a yard In twelve yards of length, or weigh lets than fourteen ounces the yard, or hold not full three quarters of a yard broad.'

XXVII.	And be it also enabled by the authority aforeSaid, Spicery.

That that part of one Statute made in the Sixteenth year of the if R. *. c.«. reign of the late King Richard the Second, by which it is ordained, that no manner of fpicery, after that it be brought into the realm. Shall be carried out of the fame realm by aliens nor by denizens, upon pain of forfeiture thereof: (2) Liveries, and one Statute made in the Sixteenth year of the reign of16 R- *•c- 4-the late King Richard the Second, concerning liveries: (3)*,R.*,c. and on^ other Statute made in the twentieth year of the reign of the late King Richard the Second, by which it is ordained, that no vadelets called yeomen, nor other of leSfer eftate than an efquire, Shall ufe or bear any Sign of livery, called ...................................................... livery

33*

i H. 4. c. 7. 7^4.. c. 14* 13H.4. c. 3.

SH. 6.C.4.

S Ed- 4. c. %. 3H.7.C.1,

3 H. 7.C. it. A repeal of the mne fbu tutesla&mfln-tioned.

Lands pre* fared from thefea.

7 Jac. i. c.«o. Continued until the next parliament.

A^no tertio CAROLl. c.6 — 3.	|	[1^2;

livery of company, of any lord within the realm: (4.) and on statute made in the first year of the reign of the late Kiln Henry the Fourth, concerning giving of liveries: (5) and on statute made in the feventh year of the reign of the late ICin Henry the Fourth, concerning giving of liveries: (6) and on other statute made in the thirteenth year of the reign of th late King Henry the Fourth, concerning giving of liveries (7) and one statute made in the eighth year of the reign o the late King Henry the Sixth, concerning liveries: (3) ant one statute made in the eighth year of the reign of the lat< King Edward the Fourth, concerning liveries: (9) and fc much of one statute made in the third year of the reign erf" the late King Henry the Seventh, concerning the ftar-chamber, as tojicheth or concemeth die punishment of thofe that Audi give or take liveries: (10) and one other statute made in the laid third year, concerning taking of liveries by the King's officers and minors; (n) be from henceforth repealed.

XXVIII.	And be if also  enacted by authority of this parlia*-ment. That one a& of parliament made in the feventh year of the reign of the late King James, intituled. An ait for the fpetiy recovery of many tboujana acres of vutrjb grounds, and other grounds within the counties	of Norfolk and Suffolk, lately

ei by the rage of the	fea, in divers parts of the faii	, and fer

the prevention of the danger of the like furrounding	he

continned, and lhall ftand in force until the end of the next ieifion of parliament By 16 Car. 1. c. 4- All aits hereby continued are further continued.

CAP. V. (VI.)

The eftates of the tenant* of Bromfietd and Yale in the county of Denbigh, and of the tenure*, rent* and fervice* thereupon referred (according to the late composition made for the fame with the King's rooft excellent majesty, then prince of Wales) ratified and confirmed.

CAP. VI. (VII.)

Five fubfidies granted by the fpirltualty.

EXP.

cap. vii. (vm.)

Five fubfidies granted by tbe temporally Anno quarto Carol! Regis.

. duflO

1640.] Anna deCurfofextoCARoli.	$33

;	AmnoRegni Caroli, Regis Anglia*	,	-

cia,& Hiberniai	de

i A T the parliament begun at Weftminfter the third dag t UTIL of Novembef, Anno Dom. one thousand fix hundred 1 and forty* in the Jiuteenth year of the reign of Charles the ' Fir ft* by the grace ofGod* e/England* Scotland, Frahce<w»<flre-land,	King*	defender of the faith* &c. To the high

■'	fure,of Almighty God* and the weal of this realmi

[ were enabled as followetb.

;	cap.	1.

An act for the preventing of inconvenience* happening by the long inter*

(	miffion	of	parliament.	Repealed	and	altered. 16 Car. a. c. i.

cap. 11.

An act for the relief of his Majesty't array, and the northern parts of the kingdom. EXP.

;	cap.	ni.

An act for the reforming of fome things miftaken in the late aft made 1	this present parliament tor the granting of four fubfidies, intituled. All

aft for the relief of his Majesty’s army, and the northern parts or this kingdom, and to make good the afts of the comraiffioner* and other officers by them authorized or appointed, and to be authorized or appointed. EXP.

CAP. IV.

An	aB far the further	relief of bisMajefty's * and the

northern parts of the kingdom.	.

(II.) A ND be it enaded by the authority aforesaid. That Dira-aftatute* i\ the palling of this prefent ad or or any other ad or continued, ads, or his Majesty’s royal anent to them or any of them in this prefent feluon of parliament, lhall not be any determination of the said fefiion; and that all statutes and ads of parliament which have their continuance, or were by an ad of parliament made in the third year of the reign of his Maiefty that now is, intituled. An all for the continuance and	3	Car.	i.c.4.

fames* continued until the end of the first feffion of the then continued next parliament, lhall by virtue of this ad be adjudged ever”1™**, fince the feflion of parliament in the said third year, to have been of such force and efted as the fame were the last day of that fefiion, and from thenceforth until fome other ad of parliament be made'touching the continuance or difcontinuance of the said statutes and ads in the said ad of the third year of his Majesty’s reign continued as aforesaid.

CAP.

'$$4	Anno4fcimoffistto^!AROtr. C,5,&	[1640

CAP, V.

An act for the better raflmg and levying of maifraen,' fafloin add other?, for the nrefeut adding of	su*4	neecfti^ .defence of tht

realm, EXP.

cap. vt

An ad warning	tUUmtiutm and of Mi-

chaelnw ttrm.

Incenvenience \X/HEREAS the ttrm 8t.Michael, commonly called Mi-dfMichaelmas VV chgelflits ttrm, doth begin ft foon after the feaft of St. Mi-tow being chael, that His generally found to be very	to	his	Maief-

thefeaftrf	to>s fubjefis,both nobles atid	, as. well for the keeping	of ^ the

St. Michael.	quarter-feffionsnext after the of Si. Michael the	,	and

3 Roll. 443. the keeping of their leets, law-doit court-baronS, which thej tan by no means attend in	of the necefjity of their

to the find term fejpeedily after the feaft of St. Michael the

angel, to appear upon juries, and to their caufes hnd 'fuits in the law’, the fame time being the chief time of all the year for the fowing of /and with winter	, and for the difpofing fitting

in order of ail their winter hujbondry and	and for the

receiving and paying of rents I	many	parts of this kingdom

barveft is fildom or never till three weeks after the find

'

XL.Therefore the King’s fooft excellent^ fhajefty,- out of the princely care that he hath of all hi$ loving fubje&s, having a ((fecial care to the increaft and continuance of their wealth ana good eftates, by the aflent of the loftb fpirituaf and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament m&mbkd, and by the authority of the fame, erdaineth, ena&eth and oftabliiheth, That m the Aid Michaelmas term there shall be fix common days of return only, and not In Michael- _ above; that is to fay, (2) the firlt day of the return thereof J?'*? fliafl be aqd be called A die Mubaelis in day sof return (a) the fecood day of return of the fame term shall be and be only.	cftled A die Sanfii Adtchoehs in unstm men/cm1, (4) the third day

of return ef the fame term shall be and be called in (rapine quimorum-, (5) the fourth day of return of the fame term shall . be and be called In craftiao Sanfii Martini-, (6) the filth day of return of the fiune term shall be and be called In ofidbis Sanfii Martini i (7) and the fixth day of return of the said term shall be and be called A die Sanfii Martini in quindecim dies:

Hi. And that the fame days of return shall be obferved in all the high courts of record of our fovereign lord the King, bis heirs and fucecfibrs, hereafter to be holden at fter, or other place or places at the aifignment or appoint* ment of our (overeign lord the King, his heirs and fucceflors: The return- (a) and that from and after the feaft of St. Michael the archday* to be ob- angel next coming there shall not be nor be called any days (erved#	gf

1640.} Annd dcgimo fcxto Carol*. q.6.	J|$

of retiim in Offabis Sanffi MicbaeHs,nor	fanffi Mtehae■*'	.

lit in	quindeeim dies, nqreither pf them: (3) arid that the laid

term of St. Michael yearly for ever, from and after the (aid feaft of St. Miebael the archangel next coming, begin in and upon the laid ires feptimanas Sanffi Michael}*, vrhenfoever it shall happen to fall (except it be on the Lord’s day commonly ! called	Stfndep, and then	on the morrow next after) for the keep*

! ing of the eflbins, prefers, returps and other Ceremonies heretofore ufed and kept, in like manner and form.as hath been.

I ufed to be done in the day of the* return, commonly called I	Offabis Sanffi, Michaetis: (4.) and that the fiiU terpt of 3t. Mi~ Two retnrjt-

1 ebael shall yearly for ever, from and after the fatd feaft of St. day*takca Mitbael next coming, in all the aforesaid court* of record be- awsy*

, gin and take his commencement upon the IPvarttdit of the When the > (aid tree	feptimanas Sanffi	Mtebaelit, tad not before, as former-t*nB	***

; ly it hath been ufed upon the quart* die of	Sanffi	Mi-	gm'

ebattis, except it be on the lord's day commonly called Sunday, and then on the morrow next after.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Howdaysfludt That if after the feaft of St. Michael the archangel next com- be£iTen on. ing, any writ in any real a<fti«d, other than writs of entry for Ether common recoveries, and writs of right of advowfen, and writs than writ, of of dower unde nihil babel, hereafter mentioned, crime in and be entry, right of returnable in Jus Majcfty’s court of common pleas. In the day advowfoo, or of return of fret feptimanas Sanffi Mebaebs,then (by ihall be dower* given in crajlinePurificationis beata Maria: (2) and if A

Sanffi Msfbfuliiin unummenfint^thm In Offabis parifkatienis bea-ta Maria-, (3) if in crafiino onimarum, then in	fop

cba\ (4) if mi crajline Sanffi Marlin*,then A die pafeba in tret feptimanas •, (5) if in Offabis	Sanffi Martini, then

umm	menfem:, (6)	if in quindena	Sanffi Martini, then in quinq-,

feptimanas pafeba; (7) it in Off obis Sanffi.Hillarii, then in crafe tine	Afcenjumis	Domini-,(8) if in mundtua Sanffi Hsllarii, then in

trafiino	SanffaTrinitatis-, (9) it in crafiino purificationis

Maria, then in Off obis	SanffaTrinitatis-, (10) if m Off ate*

purificationis beata Maria, then in q Sanffa Trinitatis» (u) if in	quindena pafeba, then A die Sanffa Trinitatis in tres

feptimanas$ (12) if A die pafeba in tret feptimanas, then A He Sanffi Michaelis in tres feptimanas; (13) if	in	unseat

menfem, then A die Sanffi Miebaelis in uoum	;	(14)	if	A

die pafeba in	quinq-, feptimanap, then in crajline amrnarum-, (15)

if in	crafiino	Afeen/mis Domini, then in erajlinaSanffi	~	■

(i6) if in crafiino Sanffa Trinitatis, then in Offabis Sanffi Martini i (ij) if in Offabis Sanffa Trinitatis,then Sanffi Martins-, (18) if in	quindena Sanffa Trinitatis,then in Offabis

1 Sanffi fiillarii	-, (19) if A die Sanffa Trinitatis in	feptimanati

then in quindena Sanffi	Hillarii.

V.	And for the more fpeedy proceeding in writs of dower, How days and writs of entry for common recoveries, to be find and pro. P»Hb* given fecuted by writs of entry, or writs of right of advowlbn, (2)m wnt* be if further enabled by the authority afarefeid, That if after

th*

$3<J	Afind	declmo	fcxtoCAROLl. C.6.	[164.6;

the (aid fcaft of St. Michael the archangel next coming, any writ of dower unde nihil habet, or any writ of entry whereupon a com-riion recovery is to be fued, or writs of rignt of advowfon, be returnable, A die Sandli Michaelis in tree Jeptimanas, then a day lhall be given in Odfabis Sandli Martini; (?) if A die Sandli Mi-ebaelis in unum menfem, then in quindena Sandli Martini; (4) if in craflino animatum, then in Odfabis Sandli hillarii: (5) if in craf-tino Sandli Martini* then in quindena Sandli hillarii; (6J if in Detains Sanfti Martini, then in crajtino purificationis beater Maria \ (7) if in quindena Sandli Martini, then in Obtains purificationis • neater Maria ; (8) if in Odiabis Sandli hillarii4 then in quindena pqfcber; (9) if in quindena Sandli hillarii, then A die pafehet in ires Jeptimanas; (10) if in craflino purificationis beater Marue\ then A die pafeha in uhum tnenfetn\ (ji) it in Odfabis purificationis beater Maria, then A die pafeha in quinque Jeptimanas ; (12) if quindena pafchay then in ciraftino AJcenfionis Domini ; (13) if A fie pafeha in tres Jeptimanas, then ik crajtino fanfta Trinitatis ? £14) if in menfe pafcbety then in Odiabis Sandler Trinitatis ; (i <) if in . qitinque Jeptimanas pafehety then in quindena Sdndfeb Trinitatis; (r6) if in craflino AJcenfionis Dominiy then A die Sdndfeb Trinitatis in tres Jeptimanas.; (17) if in crafiiko Sandier Trinitatis, then A die Sandli Michaelis in tres Jeptimanas; (18) if in Odfabis Sandler Tri-nitatisy then A die Sandli Michaelis in unum menfem; (19) if in quindena Sandler Trinitatis, then in craflino animarum ; (20) if A die Sandler Trinitatis in tres Jeptimanas, then in craflino Sandli Martini.	\

VL Provided nevertheless* 2nd he it liklwife Chadted by the authority aforesaid* That in all writs of doWer unde nihil habetj after ifliie joined, it shall not be needful or requifite to have bove fifteen days betwixt the tefie arid retWrri of the Venire fa-ciasy or any other procefs to be fued out for the trial of the laid tumfufficient. iflTuej but that the writ of venire facias, and other procefs after ifliie joined, until judgment be given* having only fifteen days between the tefie and return thereof, shall be good and effectual in law, as is ufed in perfonal adtions; arty law* statute of usage to the contrary heretofore notwithftandirtg.

Craflino Aflm~ VII. And be it further enacted by the authority afofreftid, That floras a perfeft from and after the fcaft of St. Michael the archangel now next Theeff# . com*ng> the day of return* Called craflino AJcenfionis Doming days. 0Ul# Ihall he z g00^ apd perfedt return to all intents and pufpofes, as any other of the fain days of return before-mentioned is or Hath been ufed, notwithstanding there be not fifteen days between the quarto die of the said return of craflino AJcenfionis Domini and the eflbin day of the return of craflino Sandler Trinitatis.

Writ* in per- VIII. Ana be it further enacted, That all writs and procefs in ional actions, perfonal adtions hereafter to be made out of any of his Majesty’s courts at Weftminfler, and having day from tres Michaelis un-ehaefutiW trap, til craflino ammarum, mail be good and effedtual in law, notwith-tko emimantm, (landing there be not fifteen days betwixt the quarto die of the said tres Jeptimanas Sandii Michaelis and the days of eflbin of crajtino animarum; any law, statute or usage to the contrary hereto-* fore notwithstanding.

~	6	IX,	Pro-

fa writs of dower, after ifliie jollied, fifteen days between tne tefte and re-

utw. s6.

1640.] Anno depmo fegto Cakoli. £.7,	937

IX.	Provided always, aqd be it further enabled by the autho- Provifo for

rity aforesaid, That all writs and procefs to be made from and w"*s r*tur*~ after the feaft of Eafler in the year of our Lord God one thou- £	*	4I*

fand fix hundred forty-one, returnable in o&abis, or quindena

Sanfti Mxchaelis now next ettfuing, or having days betwixt any of the laid returns, shall by force of this a<5 have day unto tfes Jeptimanas Sanfti Afichaelis next, and the parties to the said writs and procefs shall then appear and plead, and proceed thereupon, to all intents and purposes, as if the said writs and process had been made returnable a dieSanfli Michaelis intres feptimanas.

X.	And whereas before the making of this act, all writs offummons writs of furru

ad Wprsanrizand. againfi the vouchees, upon common recoveries had mans ad War-in writs of entry, and writs of right of advowfon, were made for rantizand. up* nine returns intbifme \ (a) now for the more fpcedy perfecting of0,1 com.motl such recoveries, be it enaCted by the authority aforesaid, That	of

from and after the said feaft of St. Michael the archangel next, right of ad-adl and every such writs of fummons ad Warrantixtmd\ upon the vdwfon, a-appearance of the tenant to every4 such writs of entry, and writ bridged* tofive of right of advowfon, shall and may he made Mid abridged to rcturn#' five returns, as writs of fummons ad Warrantizand. in writs of

dower unde nihil habet, heretofore have been ufed and accuftomed.

XI.	And it is further enaded by the authority aforesaid, ebmmoct

That all common writs and procefs, as well perfonal as mixt, writs and pvo* which shall fortune to be returnable in the said Michaelmas term, 6	„

fhall have and keep the said returns of A die Santti MicbaeHs in ^turns. ** tres feptimanas, A die Sanfli Michatlis in mum menjem, in crajlinef aenmarum, in craftino San&i Martini, in oftabis Sanifi Martini,

and a die Sanfli Martini in quindecim dies, or any of them.

XII.	Provided always, and it is further enaCted by the autho- Special days rity aforesaid, That in such and like cafes and procefs, as fpccial may be ap-days have been ufed to be appointed and affigned and given, for P0***** f* the returning of writs and procefs, it shall be lawful to the juf-

rices of every of the King’s said courts of record for the time being, in all tne procefs by them awarded, to ailign and appoint fpecial days of returns, as by their diferetions shall be thought convenient.

XIII.	Provided also, and be it further  enacted by the autho- Da?* in afftze rity aforesaid, That the days in affize of darrein presentment, and ot darrein pre-in plea of quart impedit, limited and appointed by the statute of Marlebridge, and also the days to be given in attaint, limited in quart imped:i9 the statute made in the fifth year of the reign of the noble King and in attaint, Edward the Third, and also in the statute made in the three and ?ot C0B2aV twentieth year of the reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, of j^nface. worthy memory, being not contrary to the tenors of this aCt,

fhall be holden firm and liable, and shall ftand in their full force and effed. 52 H. 3. c. 12. 5 Ed. 3. c. 6. 53 H. 8. c. 3.	32

if. 8. c. a.

CAP. VII.

An aft to prevent inconvenicnties by the untimely adjournment of pariia- ia Car. a. c. i. merits. EXP.

z

Vol.VII.

CAP.

Anno decimo fexto Caroli. C.8—io. £1640.

cap. vni.

A fubfidy granted to the King of tonnage, poundage, and other fums of money payable upon merchandize exported ana imported. £ XP.

CAP. IX.

All a& for the fpeedy provifion of money for disbanding the armies, and fettling the peace ol the two kingdoms of England and Scotland. EXP.

CAP. X.

An act for the regulating of the privy council* and for taking away the court commonly called the Jlar-cbamber.

Recital of T X 7HEREAS by the great charter many times confirmed in parti-magna charts, \y amenty // js enabled,* That no freeman /ball be taken or impri-ftatutes! fined* or diffeifed of his freehold or liberties, or free cufloms* or be 9 H. 3. flat. 1. outlawed or exiled or otherwise dejlroyed* and that the ting will not c. *9.	pafs upon him* or condemn him•* but by lawful judgment of bis peers,

5	Ed. 3- c, 9. w tbe law of the land: (2) and by anotherJlatute made in the * "■ 7# c*l' fifth year of the reign of King Edward the Third* it is enabled9 That no man Jball be attached by any accufation, nor forejudged of life or limb* nor his lands* tenements* goods nor chattels feized into the King's hands* againjl the form of the great charter and the law of the land: «5Ed«3.ftat.5.(3) and by another Jlatute made in the five and twentieth year of the reign of the fame King Edward the Third* it is accordedt qffintd and efiablijhed* That none jhall be taken by petition or fuggejlion made to the King* or to his council* unlefs it be by indiblment or prefent-ment of good and lawful people of the fame neighbourhood where fmh deeds be done* in due manner* or by procefs made by writ original at the common law* and that none be put out of his franchifi or freeholdi unlefs he be duly brought in to anfwer* and forejudged of the fame by the courfe of the law* and if any thing be done against the fame* it /ball sS Ed. 3. c. 3. be redrejfed and bolden for none: (4) and by another Jlatute made in the eight and twentieth year of the reign of the fame King Edward the Third, it is amongfl other things enabled* That no man of what ejlate or condition foever he be* Jball be put out of his lands or tenements* nor taken* nor irnprijoned* nor difinherited* without being brought in to anfwer by due procefs of law: (5) and by another Jla-4a Ed. j. c. 3. tide made in the two and fortieth year of the reign of the said King Edward the Third* it is enabled* That no man be put to anfiver¥ without prefentment before jujlices* or matter of record* or by due procefs and writ original* according to the old law of the land* and if any thing be done to the contrary* it Jball be void in law* and holden 36 Ed. 3. c. 15. for error : (6) and by another Jlatute made in the fix and thirtieth year of the fame King Edward the Third* it is amongfl other things enabled* That all pleas which  shall be pleaded in any courts before any the King's jujlices* or in his other places, or before atiy of his other minijlers* or in the courts and places of any other lords within the realm*  shall be 3 H. 7. c. 1. entred and enrolled in latin : (7) and whereas by the Jlatute made in the third year of King Henry the Stventh* power is given to the chancellor* th+lord treafurer */" England for the time being* and the keeper of the King's privy feal, or two of them* calling unto them a bijbop and a temporal lord of the King's mojl honourable council, and the two

chief

339

i 640.] . Anno decimo fcxco Caroli. c. to.

thiefjuflices of the Kings bench and common pleas for the time being, or other two juJHces in their abfence, to proceed as in that aft is ex-preffed, for the punijhment of Jome particular offences therein rhention-ed: (8) and by the Jiatute made in the one andtwentieth year ofKing »iH. 8. c.ao. Henry the Eighth, the prefident of the council is affociated to join with the lord chancellor and other judges in the faidJiatute of the Third of Henry the Seventh mentioned 5 (9) but the said judges have not kept themfelves to the points limited by the said Jiatutet but have undertaken to punijh where no law doth warrant, and to make decrees for things having no such authority, and to inf ift heavier punijbments than by any law is warranted:

II. And forafmuch as all matters examinable or determinable be-	irtatteri fore the said judges, or in the court commonly called the ftar-chamber^ examinable lit may have their proper remedy and redrefs, and their due piimjbmertt tbe ftarchana* and correctiony by the common law of the land, and in the ordinary

courfe of jufttce efewbere j (2) and forafmuch as the reafons and mo-an<j redrefled fives inducing the ereftion and continuance of that court do now ceafe: by the com-( 3) and the proceedings, cenfures and decrees of that court, have by men law. experience been found to be an intolerable burthen to the fubjefts* and the means to introduce an arbitrary power and government; (4) and forafmuch as the council-table hath of late times ajfumed unto it felf a power to intermeddle in civil caufes and matters only of private intereft between party and party, and have adventured to determine of the ejlates and liberties of the fubjeft, contrary to the law of the land and the rights and privileges of the fubjeft, by which great and manifold mifchiefs and inconveniences have arij'cn and happened, and much incertainty by means of such proceedings hath been conceived concerning mens rights and ejlates \ for fettling whereof, and preventing the like in time to come,

III.	Be it ordained and enabled by the authority of this pfe- Court of fbtr-fent parliament. That the said court commonly called the ftar- chamber, and' chamber, and all jurifdiftion, power and authority belonging *!***• P?w*rs unto, or exercifed in the fame court, or by any the Judges, of-dl 07 * fleers or minifters thereof, be from the first day of Auguft in the

year of our Lord God one thousand fix hundred forty and bnej clearly and absolutely diflolved, taken away and determined j (2) and that from the said first day of Avguft neither the lord chancellor, or keeper of the great feal of England, the lord trea-furer of England, the keeper of the King’s privy feal, or prefident of the council, nor any biftiop, temporal lord, privy councilor or judge, or juftice whatfoever, ftlall have any power or authority to hear, examine or determine any matter or thing whatfoever, in the said court commonly called the ftar-chamber, or to make* pronounce or deliver any judgment, fentence,* order or decree, or to do any judicial or ininifterial aft in the said court: (3) and that all and every aft and afts of parliament, and all and every article, daufe and fentence in them, and every of them, by which any jurifdiftion, power or authority is given, limited or appointed unto the said court commonly called the ftar-chamber, or unto all or any the judges, officers or minifters thereof, or for any proceedings to be had or made in

Z 2	the

Anno decimo facto Caroli. c.iO. t««4'

the (aid courts or for any matter or thing to be drawn into qui (bon, examined or determined there, mall for fo much as cot ceraeth the (aid court of ftar-chambcr, and the power and ai thority thereby given unto it, be from the (aid first day of Augi repealed, and abfolutely revoked and made void.

Uke ]unfdk> IV. And be it likewise enaded, Tbzt the like jurifcKdion no tion in several and exercifed in the court before the prefident and counc repeded'and *n t*lc marches of Walts; (2) and alio in die court before th taken away, prefident and council eftabliftied in the northern parts; ( 3) an alio in die court commonly called the court of the duchy c Lantajler, held before the chancellor and council of that court

(4)	and alio in the court of exchequer of the county palatine 0 4 ChtfitTy held before the chamberlain and council of that court (5; the like jurifdidion being exercifed there, shall from the faic first day of Auguft one thouland fix hundred forty and one, \x alio repealed and abfolutely revoked and made void; any law, prefeription, custom or uiage, or the said statute made in th< 1H. 7*	*•	third year of King Hairy the Seventh, or the statute made the

*x H. g, c. to. one and twentieth of Henry the Eighth, or any ad or a Sts of parliament heretofore had or made, to the contrary thereof in any No court or wjfe notwithstanding: (6) and that from henceforth no court, have^he Hke council or place of judicature, shall be ereded, ordained, con-)unfdidion. ftituted or appointed within this realm of England, or dominion of WoltSi which ihall have, ufe or exercife the fame or the like jurifdidion as is or hath been ufed, pradifed or cxerdfed in the said court of ftar-chamber.

The King or V. Be it likewise declared and enaded by authority of this P”vy present parliament. That neither his Majesty, nor his privy not "have iu- c°uncil> have or ought to have any jurifdidion, power or au-rifdididn over thority, by English bill, petition, articles, libel or any other ar-any man's bitrary way whatfoever, to examine or draw into queftion, de-eftate.	termine	or	difpofe	of	the	lands, tenements, hereditaments, goods

or chattels of any the fubjeds of this kingdom, but that the fame ought to be tried and determined in the ordinary courts of ju-ftice, and by the ordinary courfe of the law.

Penalties up- VI. And oe it further provided and enaded. That if any lord on great om- chancellor, or keeper of the great feal of England^ lord treafurer, anr h deeper of the King’s privy feal, prefident of the council, bi(hop,i firfoffence. temP°ra^ lord, privy counfellor, judge or juftice whatfoever,!

(hall offend, or do any thing contrary to the purport, true in-j tent and meaning of this law, then he or they shall for such of# fence forfeit the lam of five hundred pounds of lawful money of England unto any party grieved, his executors or adminiftra-tors, who shall really profecute for the fame, and first obtain judgment thereupon, to be recorded in any court of record at lVejimtnJler% by adion of debt, bill, plaint or information, whero in no effoin, protedion, wager or law, aid prayer, privilege, injundion or order of reftraint, shall be in any wife prayed, granted or allowed, nor any more than one imparlance: (ajj Second of- and jf any pCrfon against whom any such judgment or recovery shall be had as aforesaid, shall after such judgment or recoveiyj

offend

34i

1640.} Anno decimo fexto Caroli. c.io.

offend again m the feme* then he or they for such offence shall forfeit the fum of one thousand pounds or lawful money of Eng-land unto any party grieved, his executors or adminiftrators, who shall really profecute for the lame, and first obtain judgment thereupon, to be recorded in any court of record at IVeJlmnJler, by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in which no ef-foin, protection, wager of la*, aid prayer, privilege, injunction or order of reftraint shall be in any wife prayed, granted or allowed, nor any more than one imparlance: (3) and if any per-fon against whom any such fecond judgment or recovery shall be Third ojfenct. 1 had as aforefeid, shall after such judgment or recovery offend a-t gain in the fame kind, and shall be thereof duly convicted by t indictment, information, or any other lawful way or means, that such person fo convicted shall be from thenceforth difabled, and become by virtue of this aCt incapable ipfo faflo, to bear his and their said office and offices refpcCtively; (4) and shall be likewise difabled to make any gift, grant, conveyance, or other difpofition of any of his kinds, tenements, hereditaments, goods or chattels, or to take any benefit of any gift, conveyance or legacy to his own ufe.

VII.	And every person fo offending shall likewise forfeit and Treble da* lofe unto the party grieved, by any thing done contrary to the mages to the true intent and meaning of this law, his treble damages which P^y grayed, he shall fuftaih and be put unto by means or occafion of any such .aCl or thing done, the feme to be recovered in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts of reconi at hVejbmnjhr^ by aCtion of debt, bill,

Elaint or information, wherein no eflbin, protection, wager of iw, aid prayer, privilege, injunction or order of reftraint, shall be in any wife prayed, granted or allowed, nor any more than one imparlance.

VIII.	And be it also provided and enaCted, That if any person (hajl hereafter be committed, reftrained of his liberty, or fuffer imprifonment, by the order or decree of any such court of ftar-chamber, or other court aforelaid, now or at any time hereafter, having or pretending to have the feme or like jurif-diCtion, power or authority to commit or imprifon as aforelaid,

(2) or by the command or warrant of the King’s majesty, his heirs or fuccpffbrs, in their own perfon, or by the command or warrant of the council-board, or of any of the lords or others of his Majesty’s privy council; (3) that in every such cafe every Every period person fo committed, reftrained of his liberty, or fuffering im- committed prifonment, ppon demand or motion made by his counfel, or contiw to other employed by him for that purpose, unto the judges of the *camn court of King’s bench or common pleas, in open court, shall kesu corpus/ without delay, upon any presence whatfoever, for the ordinary fees ufuaily paid for the fame, b*vt forthwith granted unto him a writ of habeas carpus, to be directed generally unto all and every (heriffs, gaoler, minifter, officer or other persons in whole Cuftody the party committed or reftrained shall be, (4) and the (heriffs, gaoler, minifler, officer or other person in whofe cuftody ftie party fo committed or reftrained shall be, shall at the return

73

34*	Anno	decimo	fexto CaRoli c.io. [1640.

of the said writ, and according to the command thereof, upon due and convenient notice thereof given unto him, at the charge of the party who requireth or procureth such writ, and upon fe-curity by nis qwn bond given, to pay the charge of carrying back the prifoner, if he shall be remanded by the court to which he shall be brought, as in like cafes hath been ufed, such charges of banging up and carrying back the prisoner to be always ordered by the court, if any difference shall arise thereabout, bring or caule to be brought the body of the said party fo committed or retrained unto and before the judges or justices of the said court from whence the fame writ shall iiTue, in open court, (5) and shall then likewise certify the true caufe of such his detainer or imprifonment, and thereupon the court, within three court-days after such return made and delivered in open court, shall proceed to examine and determine whether the caufe of such commitment appearing upon the said return be juft and legal, or not, and (hail thereupon do what to iuftice (nail appertain, either by delivering, bailing Or remanding the prifoner: (6) and if any thing shall be otherwise wilfully done or omitted to be done by any judge, juftice, officer or other person afore-mentioned, contrary to the difeftiori and true meaning hereof, that then such person fo offending shall forfeit to the party grieved his treble damages, to be recovered by fjich means, and in such manner as is formerly in this aft limited and appointed for the like penalty to be fued for and recovered. '

‘ IX. Provided always, and be it enafted, That this aft and raumthit a& feyeral claufes therein contained shall be taken andexpound-(hall extend, ed to extend only to the court of liar-chamber, (2) and to the (aid courts holden before the prefident and council in the marches of Wales, (3) and before the prefident and council in the northern parts, (4) and also to the court commonly called the court of the duchy of Lancafter, holden before the chancellor and council of that court, (5) and aifo in the court of exchequer of the county palatine of Chefter, held before the chamberlain and -council of that court, (6) and to all courts of like jurifdiftion to be hereafter crefted, ordained, conftituted or appointed as afore-faid; and to the warrants and directions of the council-board, and to the commitments, reftraints and imprifonments of any person or persons made, commanded or awarded by the King’s jnajefty, his heirs or fucceffors, in their own perfon, or by the lords and others of the privy council, and every one of them.

Offenders a- * And laftly, provided, and be it enabled, That no per-gairtft this att fon*or persons mall be filed, impleaded, molefted or troubled Shall be im- for any offence against this prefent aft, unlefs the party fup-pleaded within pofed to hayi ft) offended shall be filed or impleaded for the famc within tWo years at the moft after such time wherein the any offence. said 0ffence (haU be committed.

.Treble damages in default.

To what

CAP,

343

1640.] Anno decimo iexto Carou- c. x u

CAP, XI.

A repeal of a branch of a statute primo Elizabethan, concern* tng commifftoners for caufes eccleJtafttcaL

WHEREAS in the parliament holden in the firfl year of they EJiz. c. i.

reign of the late Queen Elizabeth late Queen of England,L 1 " there was an alt made and efiablijhed, intituled* An a<3 reftclring ’ to the crown the ancient jurifdi&ion over the (late ecclefiaftical 1 and fpiritual, and abolifhing all foreign power repugnant to the : fame; in which aft* amount other things* there is contained one claufe* branchy article or fentence* whereby it was enacted to this ef-* fcti : namely* That the said late Queen's highnefsy her heirs andfue-: cefforSy Kings or Queens of this realm* should have full power a?(i authority by virtue of that aH* by letters patents under the great feal ,

0/* England, to affign* name and authorize* when and as often as ' her Highnefsy her heirs or fucceffors* should think meet and conveni-' enty and for such and fo long time as should pleafe her Higbnefs* her heirs or fucceffors* such perj'on or persons being natural-born Jubjefls : to her Higbnefs* her heirs or fucceffors* as her Majefiy* her heirs or \ fucceffors* should think meet to exercife* ufe* occupy and execute under her Highnefs* her heirs and fucceffors* all manner of jurifdiftions* i privileges and preheminence* in any wife touching or concerning any : fpiritual ar ecclefiaflical jurifdiliion within thefe her realms of England and Ireland, or any other her Highnefs dominions and countries, and to vifit* reform* redrefs* order* correlt and amend all such er-1 rors* berefiesyjchifms* abufes* offences* contempts and enormities what-1 foeyer* which by any manner of fpiritual or ecclefiaflical power* au-I thority or jurifdiliion* can or may lawfully be reformed* ordered* re-1 dreffedy correlled* refrained or amended* to the pleafure of Almighty 1 Qod* the increafe of virtue* and the confcrvation tf the peace and uni-1 ty of this realm: and that such person or persons fo to be named*

1	affigned* authorized and appointed by her Highnefs* her heirs or fuc-

ceffors* after thefaid letters patents to him or them made and deliver-1	ed as aforesaid* jhould have full power and authority* by virtue of that

all* and of the said letters patents* under her Highnefs* her heirs or fucceffors* to exercife* ufe and execute all the premiffes* according to the tenor and effelt of the said letters patents; any matter or caufe to the contrary in any wife notwithfanding.

II. And whereas by colour offome words in the aforesaid branch tf/’High comnylfr the said all* whereby commifftoners are authorized to execute theircourt. commiffion according to the tenor and effeft of the King's letters patents* and ty letters patents grounded thereupon7 the said commiffioners have* to the great and infufferable wrong and oppreffion of the King's fub~ jells, ufei to fine and imprifon them* and to exercife other authority not belonging to ecclefiaflical jurifdiltion refit ored by that all* and divers other great mifehiefs and inconveniencies have also enfued to the King's ' fubjells* by occafion of the said branch and contmiffions iffued thereup-on* and the executions thereof: therefore for the repremng and pre-* venting of the forelaid abufes, mifehiefs and inconveniencies jn time to come;

III. Be it enacted by the King’s molt excellent majesty, and The faid

|	branch	pf	tb*

$44	Anno decimo fexto CarolI. C.tt. [if

1 Eliz* , - the lords and commons, in this present parliament aflemt c. s« repealed. an<j ^ tjjC authority of the fame. That the forefarid bnu claufe, artide or fentence, contained in the £ud ad*, and e word, matter and thing contained in that branch, daule, ar or fentence, shall from henceforth be repealed, annulled, re dd, annihilated and utterly made void foir ever ; any tbinj the said adt to the contrary, in any wife notwithstanding. Power taken IV. And be it a!fo  enacted by the authority afbrefaid, 1 no archbifhop, bifhop nor vicar general, nor any chance official nor commiflary of any archbifhop, bifhop or vicar g< o^erecckfi- nor any ordinary whatfoever, nor anjr other fpiritual or •ffical persons clefiaftical judge, officer or minifter of juflice, nor any oi tiad courts, person or persons whatfoever, exercifing fpiritual or eccJefis cal power, authority or jurifdidtion, by any grant, licence commiflion of the King’s majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, or any power or authority derived from the King,, his heirs or fi -ceffors, or otherwife, mail from and after the first day of Aug which shall be in the year of our Lord God one tnoufand hundred forty and one, award, impofe or inflidt any pain, j nalty, fine, amerciament, imprifbnment or other corporal p riifhment upon any of the King’s fubjedts, for any contem; mifdcmeanor, crime, offence, matter or thing whatfoever, h longing to fpiritual or eccleiiaftical cognizance *or jurifdiftioi (2)'or shall tx officio, or at the inffance or promotion of an other person whatfoever, urge, enforce, tender, give or mini fter unto any churchwarden, fide-man or other person whath ever, any corporal oath, whereby he or (he shall or may b< charged or obliged to make any prefentment of any crime or of fence, or to confefs or to accule himfelf or herfelf of any crime, offence, delinquency or mifdemeanor, or any negledt, matter 01 thing, whereby or by reafon whereof he or (he shall or may be liable or expoied to any cenfure, pain, penalty or puniftunen; whatfoever; (3) upon pain and penalty that every person who shall offend contrary to this ftatute, shall forfeit and pay treble damages to every person thereby grieved, and the fum of one hundred pounds to him or them who shall first demand and fue for the fame; which said treble damages and fum of one hundred pounds, shall and may be demanded and recovered by action of debt, bill or plaint, in any court of record, wherein no privilege, effoin, protection or wager of law shall be admitted 01 , dif a^owc^ t0 ^e defendant. (4) And be it further enadled, That abled from " evefy Pcrfon who shall be once convicted of any adt or offence pro-any office or hibited by this ftatute, shall for such adt or offence be from and af-impioyment ter such convidtion, utterly difabled to beor continue in any office by the Kings or impioyment in any court of juftice whatfoever, or to cxercife letters patents. Qr executc any pOWcr> authority or jurifdidtion by force of any commiflion or letters patents of the King, his heirs or fucceflors. No new court V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said to be eredted first day of Augufty no new court shall be erected, ordained or with the like appointed within this realm of England or dominion of power* which shall or may have the like power, jurifdidtion or authority, as the said high commiflion-court now hath or pretendeth to

haves

3 Cro. *62.

13 Car. >. flat. z. c. is. £ 4..

Penalty, treble da* mages, and one hundred pounds.

Offenders

345

iave ; but that all and every such letters patents, comtnifiions md grants, made or to be made by his Majesty, his heirs or fuc-reflbrs, and all powers and authorities granted, or pretended or Tientioned to be granted thereby, j&nd all alts, ferttfcnces and de-:rees to be made by virtue or colour thereof, shall be utterly /oid and of none effect. Repealed by 13 Cflr. 2. flat. 1. r. 12. fl 2. except as to the high commiJJion-courtj fee.

CAP. XII.

A fubfidy granted to the King of tonnage and poundage, and other Turns Tonnage and of money payable upon merchandizes exported and imported. EXP. poundage.

C At. XIII.

An a& for the fecuring of fueh monies as are or Shall be due to the inhabitants of the County of York, and the other adjoining counties, wherein his Majdty's army is or hath been billeted, for the billet of the

is prt

their pay as they shall fo forbear. EXP.

CAP. XIV.

An ail for the declaring unlawful and void the late proceedings touching flap-money % and for the vacating of all records and proofs concerning the feme.

WHEREAS divert writs tf late time ijfuedUnder the great The late pro* feal of England, commonly tailed Ship-writs, for the charge ceding* ing of the ports* towns* cities* boroughs and counties of this realm re- moneylfedwl fpetlively* to provide and furnifh certain Jhips fbr bis Majejly's fer- cd unlawful," vice: (2) And whereas upon the execution of the fame writs and re- andallrecorda turns of ccrtioraries thereupon made* arid the fending the fame by and procefs mittimus into the court of exchequer* procefs bath been thence made thcfame”* again/l sundry p&fohs pretended to be charged by Way of contribution* madc void, for the making up of certain fums afjejfedfor the providing of the said Ship-writs. Jhips, and in efpecial in Eafter term tn the thirteenth year of the reign Certiotaiiea. of our fovereign lord the King that now is, a writ of fcire facias was awarded out of the court of exchequer* to the thenjberiff of Bucking- aninft John hamfhire, againji John Hampden, efquite* to appear and Jhew Hampden, caufe* why he should not be charged with a certain fum fo qffejfed upon * him; (3) upon whofe appearance and demurrer to the proceedings Vaurian therein* the barons of the exchequer adjourned the fame cafe into the excheauer-chamber* where it Was folemnly argued divers days* and at length it was there agreed by the greater part of all the jujlices of the courts of King's bench and common pleas* and of the barons of the exche-	.	.

quer* there ajfembled* That the said John Hampden Jboiudbe charged with the said fum fo as aforesaid ajfejfed on him \ (4) the main grounds and rcafohs of the Jaid jujlices aild barons which fo agree* being* that when the good and fajfely of the kingdom in general is concerned* and the whole kingdom m danger* the King might by writ under the great feal of England, command all the fubjefls of this his kingdom* at thetr charge* to provide and furpifh fucb number of Jhips with men* victuals and munition, and for such time as the King should tlmk fit* for the defence and fafeguard of the kingdom from such danger and peril, and that by law the King might compel the doing there-

346	Anno decimo fextoCaroli. c0 i5.	[ 1640

»Inft. 5»J.	*f> in cafe of refufal or refrallorinefs; (5) and that the King is tk

foie judge, both of the danger and when and bow the fame is to be prevented and avoided; (6) according to which grounds and reafons, all the justices of the faia courts of King's bench and common pleas, and the laid barons of the exchequer, having been formerly confulted with Extrajudicial by his Majejlfs command, had fet their hands to an extrajudicial epi~ opinion. niony exprejfed to the fame purpose; which opinion, with their name;

thereunto, was also by his Majejiy's command inroiled in the courts of chancery, King's bench, common pleas and exchequer, and likewise en-ired among the remembrances of the court of Jtar-cbambery and ac~ Judgment. cording to the said agreement of the said justices and barons, judgment was given hy the barons of exchequer, That the said John Hampden should be charged with the said fum fo affcjfed on him \ (7) and whereas form other allions and procefs depend, and have depended, in the said court of exchequer, and in fome other courts against other per-fans, for the hie kind of charge, grounded upon the said writs, commonly called (hip-writs, all which writs and proceedings as aforesaid, were utterly agatnjl the law of the land;

Ship-money, II. Be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's mod and pioceed- excellent majesty, and the lords and commons, in this prefent ings thereup- parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the said charge impofed upon the fubjed, for the providing and furnifhing of (hips, commonly called (hip-money, and the said extrajudicial opinion of the said justices and barons, and the said writs, and every of them, and the said agreement or opinion of the greater part of the said justices and barons, and the said judgment given against the said John Hampden, were and are contrary to and against the laws and statutes of this realm, the right of property, the liberty of the fubjefts, former refolutions in parliament, and the petition of right made in the third year of the reigil of his Majesty that now is.

3 Car. 1.	III.	And	it	is	further	declared and  enacted by the authority

Petition of • • aforesaid, That all and every the particulars prayed or defired in Jbfved° be°b* the petition of right, shall from henceforth oe put in execu-Judgmenu tion accordingly, and shall be firmly and ftriftly holden and ob-and proceed- ferved, as in the fame petition they are prayed and exprefied; ings touching (2) and that all and every the records and remembrances of all andaUentrie* an<* every the judgment,- inrolments, entry and proceedings as records and ’ aforesaid, and a]l and every the proceedings whatloever, upon or inrolments by pretext or colour of any of the said writs, commonly called thereof, Jhip-writs, and all and every the dependants on any of them, jpde void. shall deemed ajid adjudged to all intents, conftruAions and purposes, to be utterly void and difannulled 3 and that all and every tj\e said judgment, inrolnjents, entries, proceedings and dependants of what kind foever, shall be vacated and cancelled in such mannpr and fopn as repords ufe tq be that are vacated.

CAP. XV.

*	An all against divers incroacbpsents and opprejftons in tbe

ftannary courts.

Ed. 1, charter. ‘

WHEREAS King Edward the firft, of famous memory, did ~fot the amendment of the fannqries in the countj of Devon,

347

grant divers franchifes and liberties to the tinners there: (2) And whereas in the parliament in the fiftieth year of King Edward the Explained third, upon the petition of the commons of the county of Devon, cer- $s>	3-

tain branches and articles of the said charter were explained in manner followings that is to Jay% Whereas one article of the said charter is in theft words followings viz. Sciatis nos ad cmendatiopem ftan* nariarum noftrarum in com. Devon, -ad tranquillitatcjn & utili-tatem ftannatorum noftrprum praedidiorum earundem, conceffif-pro nobis & haeredibus noftris, quod omnes ftannatores prae-didti operantes in ftannariis illis quae funt dominia noftra, dun), operantur in eifdem ftannariis, liberi Tint & quieti de pjacui* nativorum, & de omnibus placitis he querelis curiam noftra ra?

&	hseredum noftrorum qualitercunque tangen’. Ita quod non refpondeant coram aliquibus jufticiariis vel miniftris noftris feu haeredum noftrorum de aliquo placito feu querela infra prae-didtas ftannarias emergen', nifi coram cuftode noftro ftannaria-rum noftrarum prsedidtarum, qui pro tempore fuerit (except.* placitis terr*, vitae & membrorum) nec recedant ab opera tioni-bus fuis per fummonitionem alicujus miniftrorum noftrorum, feu haeredum noftrorum, nifi per fummonitionem communem. didti cuftodis noftri; & quod quieti fint de omnibus tallag,’ Theolon. ftallag. auxiliis he aliis cuftumis quibufcunque in villas, portubus, reriis, & mercatis infra com. prsedidt. de bonis fuis propriis, &c.	(3)	Whereupon	the	faid commons prayed a de-

claration, as followeth, Requefte, Sur quoi plefe declarer ft auters persons que les efteynors overantz in les efteineryes averont he cnjoyeront la francnife grante per la dite chartre du Roy deii-come la dite chartre voet. Quod omnes ftannatores praedidti operantes in ftannariis illis, fint liberi, &c. Et autres persons que les overours ceftaftavoir leurs maiftres que les louent he leurs fervants & auters dayment mefme la franchile. Et auxint plefe declarer fi les dites overours y averont les firanchifes que in autres temps a quant ils averont in mefme lefteinery deficome la chartre voet; dum operantur in eifdem ftannariis fint liberi, &c.

(4) Upon which requefi, anfwer was made as followeth: Refponf. fen droit de les dites paroles, operantes in ftannariis illis, he dum operantur in eifdem ftannariis, foient clerement entenduz de operariis laborantibus duntaxat in ftannariis illis fine fraude he dolo, he non dc aliis, nec alibi iabprantibus. (5) And whereas the said commons prayed a farther declarations as followeth: Requefte,

Item foit declares, fi le gardein de lefteinery puifle tenir plee inter eftyeinor & forreyn de querele fourdante aillours que en les lieux ou ils font overantz deficome la chartre voet. Quod cuftos nofter predidtus, vel ejus locum-tenens teneat omnia placita inter ftannatores predidtQs emergen, et etiam inter ipfos he alios forinfecos de omnibus tranfgreffionibus, querelis, & contradtibus fadtis in locis in quibus operantur infra ftannarias praedidtas fimiliter emergen. &c. Quare il ticot plee des tieux quereles fourdantz in chefcune parte deins le dit counte. (6)

Upon wbiebs anfwer was in thefe words, viz. Refp. Et en droit de ceftc article, f$ eat extende la jurisdiction ejerprne^te folonc’ Ie$

348	Anno	decttno	fexto Caroli c.15;	[1640.

proles dd dit chartre, ceftaflavoir; in locis ubi iidem operari IR. *. ooerantur, & nemy aillours ne en autre manere* (7) fVbicb charter fo declared, was repeated again; and in the eighth year of the reign of King Richard the Second, commanded to be put in execution: II. And whereas the said King Edward the firji made the Sk charter to the tinners in the county of Cornwall, which charter woj in the fertfaid parliament\ upon the requefl of the commons of tk county of Cornwall, declared in the fame manner and Words :

The like char* HI- And whereas the tinners of the counties ef Devon and Com* ter to tinners wall have by virtue of the find charters enjoyed divers and great S-inCortvwall. berties, and are quit from ail tolls, tallages, aids and other cuftcms n Declaration. ^	ports, fairs and markets within the laid counties refpefttve-

ly : (a) Which peat liberties do of right belong to the working tin• nor, working without fraud or deceit in the Jlannaries aforesaid, and not to any other nor eljewhere working, and were granted to the JgU Abufe of ii- tinners for their incouragement in their works: (3) And whereas if berties.	late years sundry inhabitants within the said counties, and others, te

entitle themfehes to the said liberties, have by fraud and covin, fir finaU or no ionfiderations, bought and acquired, and do buy and acqsdn to themfehes decayed tin-works, and fmall and inconfiderable parts h the fame and other tin-works * which abufes are done principally to in-, able the fend falfe and finned tinners to vex and fue their neighbour in the flannary courts, whore for the mo/l part the defendant is uxr-jnfily debarred bis cofis, although the cauje be adjudged with him; {4.) and thejurtfiUHon of the laid Jlannaries bothy contrary to antient right and ufagty and the feed charterSy been endeavoured to be extended out of the places where the tinner j do work, through the whole counties of Devon and Cornwall refpeflivefy, which is noway for the benefit $/ bis Majefly, but fir the fingular lucre of feme private ptrfons: (5) And whereas by the find abufes great inconvenitncies dofpuow, (that is to fay) the inhabitants of theflttd counties are miferably vexed, afpref-Jed and imprifoned, bis Majepy defrauded of his aids and cuflomsj and the lords and owners of fairs, markets ana other franchijesy of their tolls and duties, and the government of the country exceedingly confounded and eluded, the said falfe and feigned tinners claiming when they lift to be tinners, and when they lift to be foreigners \ befiies, that if timely provifion be not made, the certain decay of his Majefly's profit in the tin-tvorks will enfue, for that the fame being divided into fi many bands and parts, cannot conveniently be fet on tqork, nor contribution raifed for the working of the fame:

The fonder IV. Be it therefore  enacted by hi* Majesty, and the lords fpi-declarations ritual and temporal, and the commons, in this present parlia-confirmed. ment aiTembled, That the said declarations be henceforth held and duly obferved 5 with this, That the words of the laid char-In locis ubi o- ters ahd declarations, in locis ubi operantur, be expounded of the perantur,how vill9 tithing and hamlet where fame tin-work in work is lituate, expounded. antj ^ eif^hcre, and no longer than the fame tin-work is or None but tin- shall be in working: (*) And it any person of persons that shall ners to be fa- he fuccj jn *hit fakl ftannaries, shall fwear ojr tender his or their working iin-y oat^ m t*lc fai(* court where he or they shall be fued, that he ners, *	’	or they are not, nor is, nor at time of the fait commenced was

not, nor were a tinker or tinners, tfyen fach defendant or defendants*

349

x 640,] Ahtio decimQ fcxto CARpii. c. 15,

fendants shall be forthwith difchajrged of frch fiiit, unleft that the plaintiff or plaintiffs do forthwith make oath that the laid plaintiff or plaintiffs is or are trye and working tinners, without frapdor deceit, and that the cauls of his or their fuit arofe within the said (tanneries, or concarneth tin or tin-works: (3) And if Perfons feed any person he not revert7, and without fraud, a working and la- by others shall bouring tinner, in or about Come tip-work, let on work within have *he*r as-one half-year next before his fuit, shall fue, profecute or impleadtxm' in any the said courts, or before the warden, vice-warden or fteward of the said ftannaries, any person or persons, that is or are not a tinner or tinners at the time of such frit commenced, then the defendant and defendants in every fitch cafe frail havn his and their adtion at the common law, against frch person filing or profecuting, wherein he frail recover ten pounds and his damages and colts of fiiit: (4) Provided, That such action be Such aftion to brought within two years next after the adtion or fuit brought in be brought the said ftannary courts, or before the said warden, vice-warden within two or fteward.	years.

V.	And be it declared and enacted. That in all cafes where Cofts in fan* the plaintiff or defendant, plaintifft or defendants, are to have nary courts, cofts by the laws or statutes of this realm, there alfr the said plaintiffs and defendants shall have the like cofts in the ftannary

courts: (2) And in regard that the said charters were granted for the eafe and advantage of the tinners, and not for their disadvantage or oppreffion, and yet divers of them who for fpecial Teafons have defired to fue at the common law, have been re-drained;

VI.	Be it declared and enacted, That it frail be lawful to and Timers may

for the said tinners, if they think fit, to fue any foreigners at the Sue foreigners common law: the laid charter or any usage to the contrary not- at th? eom* withftanding.	•	.	mon ,aw‘

VII. And whereat the bailiffs of tbs faidftannary counts arc very Ahufesofpoor numerous, and art ptrfons of finalI or no credit, and yet upon bailiff, in the return tbat any ptrfm is btcosno fiersty for any other upon arrefl by fannsr'es. precefi out of the faid	cotarts,	fitch person who knows nothing

of the matter, is by falft returns of the faidbatlffs, made liable to the

debt or	demand, which	bailiffs, by roafon of , art often

not	refponfible, andfo the party without remedy;

VIII.	Be it enacted, That no person or persons be charged how fureties or troubled as furety by any return of any bailiff or bailiffs of may be fued. the said ftannaries, unlefs that the person or persons returned

fuiety or fureties frail in the prefence of two witnefies fobferibe or fign a note in writing, that such peribn or persons is or are become furety or fureties; (a) which note frail mention the names of the plaintiffs and defendants in the fuit, and the fum or damages in demand, and the nature of the adtion, and shall be figned or fubferibed by the said witneffes, and returned and filed in the court out of which such procefs shall iffue, and no bailiff or bailiffs of the laid ftannaries frail be admitted as wit-nefles to any such note.

IX. And whereas in the faidftannaries it is	, tbat if the bailiffs return any person arrefted, tbat if such person snake default at

the

35<>

Anno decimo fcxto Caroli. c. i 6.	£	1640.

the day, he /ball be condemned, and execution is fuddetdy awarded, when as often the forty was not amjlid;

No defendant X. Be it further enalted, That no defendant shall be con-fhall be con- demned upon such return for not appearing, unlefs also a note fiSS5-“ * under the hand or fign of the party arretted, and fubferibed by turn,unlefton tw0 such witnefles as aforesaid, be returned into the said coun a note fub- at or before the day of appearance; and the said bailiff or bai-fciibed by the Jiffs shall take but four-pence for every, such note as aforesaid;

and it is provided, that none shall be bailed upor arreft there, till he give such note.

Refcous.	XI.	And in cafe any the said bailiff or bailiffs shall return 2

refcous against any person or persons, he or they shall be admitted to traverfe the said return; which traverie if it be found with him or them fo traverling, then he or they shall be no further troubled or occalioned by reafon of such return.

CAP. XVI. din aft for the certainty of forefts, and of the meets, mem, limits and bounds of the forefls. tEd.j.ftat.su TI7 HEREAS by a& of parliament made in the first year of /i* c* *•	VV	reign of the late King Edward the Thirds it was ordained,

That the old perambulation of the foreft in the time of King Edward j the firft, Jbould be thenceforth holden in Hie form as it was then ridden and bounded, and in such places where it was not boimdedy the King would that it Jhoula be bounded by good men and lawful:

II.	And whereas for many ages pa ft certain meetSy meers, /emits and bounds of the forejlsy have been commonly known and obfetrved in tbefeveral counties wherein the said forefts lie:

III.	And whereas of lato divers prefentments have been madty and fame judgments given, whereby the meets, meers, limits and. bounds of feme of the said forefts have been varioufty extended, or pretended to extendy beyond jome of the said meets, meets, limits and bounds fo commonly known, and formerly obferved, to the great grievance and vexation of many persons having lands adjoining to the said meets, sneers, limits and bounds fo comtnonly known, and formerly obferved 3 And whereas of late time fome endeavours or pretences have been to fet on foot forefts in fome parts of this realm, and the dominion of W ales, where in truth none have been or ought to be, or at leaf have not been ufed of long time; For remedy whereof, may it pleafe your moil excellent Majesty, That it be declared and enabled by authority of parliament;

What shall be IV. And be it declared and enabled by the King’s mott ex-themMeiand client majesty, and the lords and commons, in this prefent t^u °~ parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from henceforth the meets, meers, limits and bounds of all and every the forefts refpedlively, shall be to all intents and purposes taken* adjudged and deemed to extend Ho further refpe&ively than the meets, meers, limits and bounds which ifi'thc several counties refpedHvely wherein the said forefts do lie, were commonly known, reputed, ufed or taken to be the meet's, meers, limits and bounds of the said forefts refpe&ively, in the twentieth year of the reign of our late fovereign lord King

35*

JFamtSj and not beyond in any wife; any perambulation or. perambulations, prefentments, extents, uirveys, judgments, records, decrees, or other matter or thing whatfoever to the contrary notwithstanding : (2) and that all and every the pre- Prefentments fentments fince the said twentieth year made, and all and every other preferment and prefentments, and all and every judg- v” ment and award upon, or by reafon or pretext of, any such preferment or prefentments, and all and eveiy perambulation and perambulations, furveys, extents, and other a<5t and ads, at any time heretofore had or made, by which the meets, meers, limits or bounds of the said forefts, or any of them, are or are pretended to be further extended than as aforesaid ;

(3) and also all and every prefentment of any person or persons at any juftice-feat, fwainmote, or court of attachments, for or by reafon or by colour of any ad or ads whatfoever done or committed in any place without or beyond the said meets, meers, limits or bounds refpedively, fo commonly known," reputed, ufed or taken as aforesaid, and all and every fine and fines, and amerciament and amerciaments, upon, oy reafon or colour of any such prefentment or prefentments, shall from henceforth be adjudged, deemed and taken to be utterly void, and of no force or effect ; any law, ftatute, record or pretence •whatfoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid,, N°pl« where-That no place or places within this realm of England\ or do-* ^Inmate, minion of Wales^ where no such juftice-feat, fwainmote, or court of at« court of attachment have been held or kept, or where no vpr- tachments, derers have been chofen, or regard made, within the fpace of bath bee* fixty years next before the first year of his Majesty's reign that years^ail^e-now is, shall be at any time hereafter judged, deemed or accounted taken to be foreft, or witnin the bounds or meets of the forefts 5 foreft.

(2) but the fame shall be from thenceforth forever hereafter dif-afforefted and freed, and exempted from the foreft laws; any juftice-feat, fwainmote, or court of attachment held or kept within or for any such place or places, at any time or times fince the beginning of his Majesty’s said reign, or any prefentment, enquiry,, ad or thing heretofore made or hereafter to be made or done to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI.	Provided also, and be it further enaded by the autho- For afeertain-tfty aforesaid. That for the better putting into certainty all and °* mc€.ts> every the meets, meers, bounds and limits of all and every

the foreft, as aforesaid, the lord chancellor, or lord keeper of jffued. the great feal of England for the time being, shall by virtue of this ad, upon requeft of any of the peers of this kingdom, or of the knights and burgefles of the parliament, or any of them, grant several commiflions under the great feal of England, to commiflioners to be nominated refpedively by the said peers, knights and burgefles, or any of them, (2) to enquire of and find out by inquefts of good and lawful men upon oath, and by the oaths of witnefles to be produced at the said inquefts,

•and by all other lawful means, all and every the meers, meers, " bounas and limits of the forefts refpedively, which were commonly

35*

Annp decimo fixto Caroh. c.i6.	[i64a

manly known to be their merrs, meets, bounds and limits re. foeftively, in the said twentieth year of the reign of our late fovereign lord King James, and to return the inquefta fo taken into the court of chancery; (3) and that all and every the fficriffs and bailiffs, of and in every county wherein anj filch inqueftf (ball be fo to be taken, and all and every the verderers, forefters, rangers, and other officers of the forefo refpeftively where any such officers be, shall be alfiftam and attendant to the executions of the Cud cemmiffioc; according as by virtue of the said commiffions refpeftively the; /hall be commanded ; (4.) and where no such officers are, cr where such officers be, if they or any of them ffiajl refute 0: neglect such affiffance and attendance as afbrefeid, then the (aii commiffiooers shall and may proceed without them in the execution of the said commiffions.

Foreft* shall V1L And be it further eoaftcd by the authority aforefeid, not extend That the forefts whereof the meets, meers, limits and bounds meets ic* fo	retumed	and certified by virtue of any the said com*

returned. * millions as aforesaid, from thenceforth shall not extend nor be extended, nor be deemed, adjudged or taken to extend any fur* ther in any wife than the meets, meers, limits and bounds that ffiall be fo returned and certified: (a) and that all the places and territories that ffiall be without due meets, meers, limits and bounds fo returned and certified, ffiall be and are hereby declared to be from thenceforth free to all intents and pyrpofes, as if the lame had never been foreft, or fo reputed; any aft or aft$, matte or thing whatfoever to the contrary thereof notwithftandiug. Grounds dif- VIIlT Provided, and be it further enabled by the autho-afforcittd shall rity aforesaid, That all and every the grounds, territories or be excluded, places, which have been or are difafforelled, or mentioned to be difefforefted in or by any letters patents, charters or other-wife, fince the said twentieth year or the reign of our said late fovereign lord King James, ffiall be excluded and lpft out of the meets, meers, limns and bounds of the forefts, which-are to be enquired of, returned and certified by virtue of the said commiffions, or any of them refpeftively, and ffipll be and hereby are declared and enabled to be utterly difefforefted, free and exempt to all intents and purposes, as if the feme had never been at all foreft, or fo reputed -> any thing in this prefent a#, contained, or any other aft, matter or thing whatfoever to the coritrfcfyin any wife notwithstanding.

Tenants,	IX.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it cnafted, That the te-

ownerm, See. of nants, owners and occupiers, and every of them, of lands and tenements, which shall be excluded and left out of the meets, enjoy their meers, limits or bounds of the forefts to be returned and cer-antient com- tified by virtue of any of the said commiffions, shall or may roona. Sec. ufe and enjoy such common, and other profits and eafements, within the foreft, as anciently or accuftomably they have ufed and enjoyed ; any thing in this prefent aft contained, or any aft or ordinance made in the three and thirtieth year of King S^Ed'n.ftat.j. Edward the Firft, or any custom or law of the foreft, or any other matter or thing to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP.

x £>4°-] Anno decimo fcxto Caroli. c. 17—19.

CAP. XVII.

An ad* for the pacification between England and Scotland. EXP. Rymer's F$ecUra, Vol. ao, p. 488.

CAP. XVIII.

An a£t for (ecuring by publick faith the remainder of the friendly aflift-ance and relief promiied to our brethren of Scotland. EXP.

CAP. XIX.

jin all for the belter ordering and regulating of the office of clerk of the market, allowed and confirmed by this statute \ and for the reformation of falfe weights and meafures.

FOrafmuch as the undue execution of the office of clerk of the Grievances market hath been very grievous unto divers of his Majefifs mojl by clerkjof loving fubjefts, who have been much troubled by unnecejfaryJummons, ^ be uahtr and charged with exalfions of divers fums of money, by colour of the ™ wriglitsaaS Jaid office, and in regard the find evils have partly arifen by means of meafures* an inequality of weights ana meafures throughout this kingdom, (2) and by granting and letting to farm the Jaid office of clerk of the market and the execution thereof in and through all or the mojl of the several counties of this kingdom, for great fums of money, which the said farmers or grantees, by their unjujl and undue proceedings in the said office, do extort from his Majejiy’s fubjefts again, to their great impoverishment, and yet little or no redrefs at all in their said weights and meafures, or any benefit thereby accruing to bis Majejly:

(3) for remedy whereof, and for regulating ofall weights and mbafuret according to the true intent of this ftatute, and the other Jiatutes in that behalf formerly made and provided, and preventing the said in-conveniencies:

II.	Be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod excellent There shall be majesty, the lords and commons of this present parliament but one met* affembled, and by .the authority of the fame, That from hence-forth there shall be but one weight, one meafure, and one 0ne yard, yard, according to the ftandard of the exchequer, throughout 9 H. 3. Hat. 1. all the realm, as well in places privileged as without; anyc* *5-ufage or custom to the contrary notwithstanding : (2) and that * every meafure of com lhall be ftrike without heap: (3) and *7Ed.3.ftat a. whosoever shall fell by or keep any other weight, meafure ore. 10. yard, than as aforefaia, whereby any corn, grain or other thing • is bought or fold, after fix months after the end of this prefent fef-fion of parliament, shall forfeit for every such offence five (hillings; Forfeiture.

(4) being thereof lawfully convidted by the oath of one fufficient witnefs, before any juftice of peace, mayor, or other head officer of the county, city or town corporate refpedftvely where the said offence shall be committed, who by virtue of this adt lhall have power to adminifter an oath in that behalf: (5) which How to be said fum or penalty of five shillings lhall be levied by the levied, church-wardens ana overfeers of the poor of the parifli, or fome or one of them, where such offence is or shall be committed, to the ufe of the poor Of the fame parilh, of the goods and chattels of such offenders, by way of diftrefs dnd fale of the offenders goods, rewiring the overplus to the party Ho offending :

' Vot. VII.	A	a	.	(6)	and

35 4

Anno dedmo fexto Qaroli. €.19.	[1640.

(6)	and in default of such diftrefs, it shall be lawful for any justices of peace, mayor, or other head officer of the county, city or town corporate refpe&ively, to commit the said party to the prifon or gaol, there to remain without bail or mainpriig until he shall pay such fums of money forfeited as aforesaid. Clerk of the	III. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid,

market, hn That no clerk of the market of the King^s houfe, which no* is or hereafter shall be, or of the prince his highnefs, his heirs or fucceilors, which is or shall be duke of Cornwall, or his cr their deputy or deputies, shall hereafter execute his or the: said office or offices refpe&ively in any part of the kingdom, but only within the verge of the King’s court where it shall then Mayor, bead refide for the time being : (2) and that it shall be always here-londsf Hiber a^tcr ^aw^ui f°r any mayor or other head-officer of any city, ties havepower borough or town corporate, or for any lord or lords of liberty, as clerks of liberties or franchifes, his or their deputy or deputies or agents, the market, according to their several liberties and jurifdidions, to have ful power to execute the said offices refpeftively, as they ought cri might have done before the making of this a <S.	(3)	And fori

the more eafe of his Majesty’s fubjefts ; forfeiture of IV; Be it further enacted. That if any clerk of the market °Lth% w^in his aforesaid precindts and limits of the verge of the martet for of. King’s houfe only, or any mayor, or other officer whatfbever, who by virtue or this adt shall have power to enquire of any abufes in weights and meafures, shall feal or give allowance unto any other weight or meafure, weights or meafures, other than according to the said ftandard of the exchequer, or /ha'.! upon reafonable requeft and warning refiife to feal or give allowance unto such weight or meafure, weights or meafures, 2$ are according to the said ftandard of the exchequer, paying only such fee or fees for such allowance, as by the statute or statutes, or by antient cuftom, are in that behalf formerly provided and allowed, and no more, that then the said clerk of the market, mayor, and other officer or officers of such city, borough or town, and the said lord and lords of liberty or liberties, and his and their deputy or deputies and agents refpedtively, shall forfeit for every such offence five pounds, to be levied as aforesaid to the ufe of the poor of the parilh where such offence is or shall be committed.

Forfeiture for V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, taking unlaw- That if the clerk of the market, his deputy or deputies, fol fines or	or agents within the verge aforesaid, or any mayor, or any

*****	other officer or officers of any city or town, or any lord or

lords of liberties, his or their deputy or deputies, agents or afligns refpedlively, shall take or receive of any of his Majesty’s fubjects, by colour of the said office, any common fine or fines, or any fees, other than are formerly allowed by the statute or statutes, or ancient custom in that behalf madeorufed; (2) shall take any fee or fees, or other fum of money, reward or confideration, for the making, figning or examination of any weights or meafures which have been formerly marked or fealed, (3) or shall impofe or affefs, or caufe to be impofed or afleffed;

any

it 64o.]	Anno decimo fexto Caroli.* c. 19,20.	$55

any fine or amerciament, fines or amerciaments, without a due and legal trial of the offences for which the said fine or fines, axnerciameut or amerciaments, are impofed or aflefled; (4) or shall otherwise mifdemean himfelf in the execution of his said office, and be thereof lawfully convifted; (5) he shall forfeit for the first offence whereof ne shall be fo lawfully convicted, five pounds; (6) and for the fecond offence, ten pounds; (7) sind tor the third offence, and every other offence afterwards, twenty pounds; to be levied as aforesaid to the ufe of the poor of the parifh where such offence shall be committed.

VI.	And be it enafted, That whofoever shall be fined or 15 R. a fiat. 1. amerced by virtue of this act, shall not be again fined or amerced £ 4* for the fame offence, by virtue of any former law or fiatute. bythi^aft*

VIL Provided always, That this aft or fiatute shall not n£t to be fined extend to the rents of farms or lands, or any com or upon any grain due or payable to any lord or lords, or any colleges, fonner law. lioufes or other focieties, by virtue of any leafe or leafes, JlSSied^0™ or other covenant or agreement, but that the fame, during p the continuation of such leafe, leafes or other agreements, ihall be paid, delivered and performed, in such meafure and form as the fame hath been paid, delivered and performed before the making of this aft: (2) and that such meafure, that ^atcr"Ti** is commonly called water-meafure, in any ports, maritime towns or other places, shall be fiill ufed and continued as Repealed as 1* formerly the fame hath been ; any thing in this fiatute con- com and fait fy tained to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithstanding. »tCar.i.c.s.

VIII.	Provided alu>, That no juftice or jufiices of the peace, g*nen\ mayor, bailiff or other head-officer, churchwardens, overfeers, iffue nay be or any other authorized by this fiatute for the due execution pleaded, thereof in any point, (haul be fued, impleaded or otherwise impeached for doing or executing their said offices refpeftively:

(2) and if any fuit or fuits hereafter shall be commenced against them or any of them, their agents or aflifiants, touching the premifles; That then it shall and may be lawful for them and every of them fo fued or troubled in any court or courts what-foever to plead the general iffue, not guilty, and to give this fiatute in evidence, or any other fpecial matter in evidence.

IX.	And in cafe by or upon this law they or any of them Treble colls shall be found not guilty, or the plaintiff be nonfqited, the forunjuft vcx« defendant or defendants shall recover treble cofts against the t10n* plaintiff for his unjuft vexation.

CAP. XX.

An all for the prevention of vexatious proceedings touching the order of knighthood.

WHEREAS upon the pretext of an ancient custom or usage of None fbal! be this realm of England, That men of full agey being not compelled to knights, and being feifed of lands or rents of the yearly value of forty of ki^ght- ^ pounds or more (especially if their feifin bad fo continued by the fpace hood.5 of three years next pajl) might be compelled by the King's writ, to receive or take upon them the order or dignity of knighthood> or elfe Aaz	to

356	Anno	decimo	fexto	Carol!,	c. 2 i. [1640

Writs iflued to male fine for the difcharge or refpite of the fame; several writ rd°r a^0Ut ^ beginning of hit Majejly's reign ijfued out of the court a Jf ignigh»hn^L chancery, for proclamations to be made in every county to that purpofi m and for certifying the names of all fitch persons, and for fummonin\ them perfonatly to appear in the King's prefence before a certain day to be there ready to receive the find order or dignity: (2) upon retun of which writs, and tranfmitting the fame with their returns inti the court of exchequer, and upon other writs for further inquiry 9) the names of such per fins, iffiung out of the Jaid court ofexchequer, procefs by diftringas was thence made againjl a very great number r persons, many of which were altogether unfit, in regard either s; eftate or quality, to receive the Jaid order or dignity, and very man were put to grievous fines and other vexations for the fame, although in truth it were not fufficiently known how or in what fort or when they or any of themjhould or might have addrejfed themfelves for th receiving the said order or dignity, and for favtng themfelves thereby from the faidfines procefs and vexations: (3) and whereas it is mofi apparent, that all and every such proceeding in regard of the matter therein pretended, is altogether ufelefs and unreafinable; May it therefore pleafe your mod excellent Majesty, that it be by authority of parliament declared and  enacted : ihall be m-	And be it declared and  enacted by the King’s mod ex-

pelled to take cc^cnt majesty, and the lords and commons in this parliament him the	aflembled, and by the authority	of the fame. That from hence-

order of	forth no person or persons, of	what condition, quality, eftate

knighthood, or degree foever, shall at any time be diftrained, or otherways any fine for* compelled by any writ or procefs of the court of chancery or that caufe. court of exchequer, or otherwise by any means whatfoever, to receive or take upon him or	them refpe&ively, the order or

dignity of knighthood; (2) nor	(hall fuffer or undergo any fine,

trouble or moleftation whatfoever, by reaion or colour of his or their having not received or not taken upon him or them the said order or dignity : (3) and that all and every writ or

Erocefs whatfoever, and all and every proceeding which shall ereafter be had or made contrary to the intent of this adf, shall be deemed and adjudged to be utterly void: and that all and every procefs, proceeding and charge now depending by reafon or colour of the said pretended custom or writs aforeifaid, or of any the dependants thereof, shall from henceforth ceafe and (land, be and remain difeharged and utterly void $ any former law or cuftom, or any pretence of any former law or cuftom, or any other matter whatfoever to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding. 1 £. 2.7?. 1.

CAP XXI.

An aS for the free bringing in of gun-powder and falt-petre from foreign parts, and for the free making of gun-powder in this realm.

Mifchiefs by TT THERE AS the importation of gun-powder from foreign parts prohibiting V V hath of late times been against law prohibited, and the the smporta* mftng thereof within this realm ingrojfid, whereby the price of gun-

pcivdtr

Diftringas.

Fines.

Mo perfon

164°-] Anno dcclmo fcxto Caroli. C.22--25.	357

powder hath been exeeffively raifed, many powder-works decayed, this**onofgun-kingdom very much weakened and endangered, the merchants thereof?0™*** much damnified, many mariners and others taken prifoners, and brought into miserable captivity and flayery, many jb 'ips taken by Turkijh and other pirates, and many other inconveniences have from thence enfued, and more are likely to enfue, if they be not timely prevented:

II.	Be it therefore declared and enacted by the King’s moft Liberty to all excellent majesty, and the lords and commons, in this prefentpar- to import liament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it shall gun-powder, and may be lawful to and for all ana lingular persons, as well ftrangers as natural-bom fubjedts of this realm, to import and

bring into this kingdom any Quantities of gunpowder whatfo-evcr, paying such cuftoms and duties for the fame as by authority of parliament shall be limited and fet down.

III.	And be it further declared and enacted by the authority All fuhjefti aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and may make Angular his Majeft/s fubjefts of this his realm of England, to an" ^ make and fell any quantities of gun-powder at his and their

will and pleafore j (2) and also to bring into this kingdom any petre.

5[uantities of falt-petre, brimftone or any other materials necel-ary or requifite for the making of gun-powder.	1

IV.	And laftly, be it  enacted by the authority aforesaid, That penalty for if any person or persons from and after the tenth day of Auguft, putting in which shall be in the year of our Lord God one thousand fix execution hundred forty and one, shall put in execution any letters £^t”proc1a^ patents, proclamation, edift, adt, order, warrant, restraint or mation*, &c~ other inhibition whatsoever, whereby the importation of gun- aeainft this s powder, falt-petre, brimftone or other the materials afore- liberty, mentioned or any of them from foreign parts, or the making of gun-powder within this realm, shall be any way prohibited or reftrained; That then the said person and persons fo offending shall incur and fuftain the pains, penalties and forfeitures contained and provided in the statute of provifion and 16 R.», c. 5. pramunire made in the fixteenth year of the reign of King Richard the Second.

CAP. XXII,

A fubfidy granted to the King * of tonnage and poundage, and other funis of money, payable upon merchandize exported and imported. EXP.

CAP. XXIII.

An aGt for the railing of mariners and Tailors, for the guarding of the teas, and hisMajefty *sdominions. EXP.

CAP. XXIV.

An a& to relieve captives taken by the Turks, and to prevent the taking of others hereafter. EXP.

CAP. XXV.

A fubfidy granted to the King of tonnage, poundage, &c. from the last of November one thousand fix hundred forty-one, to the first of February next, and the like until the fecond of July one thousand fix hundred forty-two. E X P.



A#3

CAP

t

35*

Anno dedmo fcxto Cakoli. c. 26—3 7.'	f 164c,

CAP. XXVI.

An act for the railing of mariners and laDors, for the guarding the feat, and hit Ma jelly's kingdoms. EXP.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for the disabling all perfont in holy orders to excidfc any tern, poral jurildiftion or authority. REP. 13 Car. a. Hat. 1. c. a.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for the railing of foldiers for the defence of England and Ireland.

EXP.

CAP. XXIX.

A fubfidy granted to the King of tonnage and poundage, and other fan of money payable upon merchandize exported and imported. EXP.

CAP. XXX.

An act for a contribution and loan for the diftrefled people of Ireland.

EXP.

CAP. XXXI.

A fubfidy granted to the King of tonnage and poundage, and other fam of money payable upon merchandize exported and imported. EXP.

CAP. XXXII.

For the railing and levying of monies for the neceflarv defence and grei' affairs of the kingdom of England and Ireland, ana for the payment 0i \ debts undertaken by the parliament. EXP. *

cap. xxxm.

An act for the reducing the rebels in Ireland to their obedience to his Majesty and the crown of England. EXP. See an a& far the fettle. I mart of Ireland, faffed in that kingdom Anno 14 Car. a. one thief and fix ban- \ dred andftxty-touo, by which this and the following a3s concerning Ireland are% befides their exfiratum, of 90 force,

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for the explanation of a former aft for the reducing the rebels in Ireland. EXP.

CAP. XXXV.

An aft to enable corporations to adventure in Ireland.

CAP, XXXVI,

Afobftdy granted to the King of tonnage, poundage, and other fams of money payable upon merchandize exported and imported. JEXP.

CAP. XXXVII,

Aj* ^ft for the further reducing of the rebels in Ireland to their obedience to the King and crown of England. EXP,

Ann$

* 66o.] Anno duodecimo Caroli. II. c.r.'

359

-Anno	Regni CAROLI II.	,

Scotia, Francia, &	,	afoo-

decimo.

At the parliament begun and holden at	-

Jier tne five and twentieth day of	Anno

Dom. one thousand fix hundred and fixty, in the twelfth year of the reign of our moft gracious fovereign lord Charles me Second, by the grace of God, of	England, Scotland,France and Ire-

land, King, defender of the faith, &c. And there continued until the nine and twentieth day of December then next following, and then diflolved by his Majesty: To the high pleafure of Almighty God, and to the weal publick of this realm, were enatted as followeth.

CAR I.

An act for removing and preventing all queftions and concerning the ajfembhng and fitting of this present parliament.

FOR the preventing all doubts and fcruples concerning the afiembling, fitting and proceeding of this present parliament, (2) be it declared ana ena&ed, and it is declared and enaded by the King our fovereign lord, and by the lords and commons in parliament afiembled, and by authority of the fame, That the parliament begun and holden at Wejhninjler 16 Car. t. c. y. the third day of November in the fixteenth year of the reign of The pariia-the late King Charles of blefled memory, is fully difiolved and ®Jnt ^1“" determined : (3) and that the lords ana commons now fitting deckrtdtobc at JVeflminJler, in this present parliament, are the two houses of diflolved. parliament, and fo shall be, and are hereby declared, enacted The ldrd* and and adjudged to be, to all intents, conftrudlions and purposes commons n°<* whatfoever, notwithfianding any want of the King’s majesty’s tobe the two writ or writs of fummons, or any defetfl or alteration of or in any lioufe* of writ or writs of fummons, or any other defeat or default what- parliament, foever ; as if this parliament had been fummoned by writ or writs in his Majesty’s name, according to the ufual form, and as if his Majesty had been prefent in person at the afiembling and commencement of this present parliament. (4) Provided -pj,e jQn_.# always, That this present parliament may be dilfolved by his aflent to thi* Majesty after the ufual manner, as if the fame had been fum- aft shall not jnonea by writ or writs in his Majesty’s name. (5) Pro- determine tbli yjded also, and it is hereby enacted, That his Majesty's royal,e l00'

went

$6o

Writs, Ac. shall not be difcontinaed for not bolding certain days of return.

The (aid writs, procefs, p|eas, See. returnable and pleadable at a /certain day.

Anno duodecimo Cakoli. II. 0.2,3. fi66o

afloit to this bill shall not determine this prefcnt fcffion of parliament.

cap. n.

An act for patting in execution an ordinance mentioned in the (aid ad, £XP. it Car. a. ftat, i« c. 7.

cap. m.

An a3 for tbi continuance of procefs, andjudicial proceeding

continued

WHEREAS tie four first returns of Eafter term in the year one thousand fix hundred fixty% of late called from Eafter-day in fifteen days; from Eafter-iay in three weeks, from Eafter-day in one months and from Eafter-day in five weeks, or any of them, cannot be conveniently kept or holden : (2) now for avoiding all manner of difcontinuances whatfoever, which by occafion thereof (hould or might happen or be in any matter or caufe whatfoever, in any the courts at Wefinunfier : (3) be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majesty, and the lords aqd commons aiiembled in parliament. That no pleas, writs, bills, actions, fuits, plaints, procefs, precepts, or other thing or things whatfoever, pleaded, returned or depending, or having day or days, in any of the said courts, in or at the (aid Several returns, or any of them, or at any other day or days certain after any of the said returns, shall be in any wife difeontinued, or put without day, for or by reafon of the not keeping or holding of the said returns or days, or any of them; (4) but that all and Angular the said pleas, writs, oills, aftions, fuits, plaints, procefs, precepts, and other the premifles aforesaid, shall (land, continue, and be good and effectual in law, to all intents and purposes, as if the said returns and days, and every of them, had been aftually kept and holden in all and every the said courts ; any law, ftatute, custom or usage to the contrary thereof in any wifenotwithftanding.

II. And be it further eoafted by the authority aforesaid, That all pleas, writs, bills, aftions, fuits, plaints, procefs, precepts, and other thing or things whatfoever aforesaid, pleadable, or to be pleaded, returnable or to be returned, or having day in any manner whatfoever at any of the said returns, or any day or days certain after any of the said returns, be and are hereby continued and adjourned unto, (and shall and may be pleaded, returned, heard and determined in the refpeftive courts aforesaid) at or on the fifth return of the said term, of late called In the morrow of the afeenfion of our Lord ; (2) and that all parties in any pleas, writs, bills, aftions, fuits, plaints, procefs, or other thing or things whatfoever, having days given them at any of the said four first returns, or at any other day or days certain after any of the said returns, in the said courts, or any of them by virtue of this prefent aft, have the said return of late called In the morrow of the afeerfion of our Lord, prefixed them therein 5 (3) and that all (heriffs, officers, and other mi-nifters whatfover, and every of them refpeftively, keep in their hands all writs, bills, procefs and precepts, and all other things whatfoever to them direfted refpeftively, returnable or to be returned

1660.3 Anno duodecimo Car ou II. c.3.	$61

turned in the several courts aforesaid, at the said four first returns, or any of them, in or at any day certain, as aforesaid, until the said fifth return of late called The morrow of the afcenfion vf our Lord, and then return the fame into the said several courts rcfoe&ivejy, that such proceedings may be then had thereupon as mould have been had in cafe the said four first returns had been kept and holden.

III. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, Procefs, writs, 'That no writs, procefs, plaints, pleas, informations, indiCl- pleas, &c. un-ments or judicial proceedings, had, commenced or profecuted before the fifth day of May in the said year of our Lord one names, may thousand fix hundred fixty, in the name, ftile, title or teft of be profecuted Cuftodes libertatis Anglia authoritate parliamenty or in the name, and proceeded ftile, title or teft of the keepers of the liberty of England, by autho- uP°n* rity of parliament; (2) or in the name, ftile, title or teft of Oliver lord protestor of the commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland, and the dominions thereto belonging y or in the name, ftile, title or teft of Oliver lord proteftor of the commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland, and the dominions and territories thereunto belonging y or in the name, ftile, title or teft of Richard lord protettor of the commonwealth {/"England, Scotland and Ireland, and the dominions and territories thereunto belonging y (3) shall be put without dav, abated, quafhed or difcontinued, by his Ma-jefty’s moft jult reaffumption of the aCtual exercife of his kingly government in this kingdom ; (4) nor shall the fame be caufe of error abatement or difcontinuance; (5) but that all such ' writs, procefs, plaints, pleas, informations, indictments and judicial proceedings, and all commiffions for taking of anfwers or examination of witoefles, com million for taking of fines and i warrants of attorney, guardians or prochein amy, shall ftand and i be continued, and shall and may be proceeded upon, profecuted and returned notwithstanding the fame were commenced, or profecut-! ed in English, and notwithstanding the prefent happy change and 1 reftitution of his Majesty’s name and ftile in judicial proceedings.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That 1 one pretended aCt made in the year of our Lord one thousand procefs and) fix hundred fifty, intituled, An act for turning the books of the proceedings in lawy and all procefs and proceedings in courts of juflicey into Englifh, Englifh in shall ftand and be in force as if the fame had been a good and £olir|s of effeftual a<ft, from the first return of Eafler term in the year of exp! our Lord one thousand fix hundred fifty-one, until the first day of Augufl in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred fixty, and no longer; (2) And whereas by one other pretended aft made in the said year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred fifty, intituled, An aft touching corn and , meal* it was enaCtea, or mentioned to be enaCted, That from and after the twentieth day of November one thousand fix hundred fifty, it (hould and might be lawful to and for any peribn or persons, defendant or tenant, for or by re'afon of any matter to be pleaded, fet forth or alledged in bar to any a&ion real, perfonal or mixt, in any court of record, to plead the general iflue of not guilty, or the like general iffue pro-

- per

$6z	Anno	duodecimo	Caroli	II.	c.4*	fi66o#

per to the nature of the action or fuit commenced, and for his or their difcharge or acquitting to give any such matter in evidence to the jury that shall try the fame ; (3) and that the laid matter shall be as available to such person or persons, defendant or tenant, to all intents and purposes, as if the said matter had been fpecially pleaded, fet forth or alledged in bar of such adion:

pleading the V. Be it farther ena&ed. That thfe said pretended a<£k, as general iflue. touching the pleading of the general iflue, shall by authority EXP.	hereof ftand and be in fall force and effedt according to the te-

nor thereof, until the said first day of AuguJt^ as if the fame had been a good and effectual adt of parliament, and no longer.

VI. Provided always. That where the general iflue hath been (ince the said twentieth day of November one thousand fix hundred fifty pleaded, or shall before the (aid first day of Auguft in the said year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred fixty be pleaded, in any adtion, that then upon the trial of the said caufe, such evidence shall and may be allowed, as if the said pretended adt touching the pleading of the general iflue had been and continued a good and efledtaal ad of parliament not determined or difcontinued.

His Majetyt VII. Provided also, That his Majeft/s royal aflent to the KlPd th^ot Pa®^8 tM* bill shall not extend or be conftrued to extend to determinate determining of the feffion of this present parliament, fefiion.	VIII.	Provided	neverthelefs, and be it enadled, That all writs,

All writs, pa- patents and commiflions for conftituting jufticcs of either bench, tents, comiraf- and barons of the exchequer, commimons of oyer and terminer iflbem the an<* g*t>l-delivery, and precepts upon commiflions of oyer and King's name termmer and gaol-delivery, and all other commiflions hereafter as formerly, to be made by the clerk of the crown in the chancery, charters and letters patents under the great feal, of lands, liberties, honours or offices, do or may iflue in the King’s majesty’s name, in the fame manner as was ufual before the making of . the said first recited pretended adt; any thing in this prefent adt to the contrary thereof before exprefled in any wife not-withftanding.

CAP. IV.

A fubfidy granted to the King of tonnage and poundage, and other fums of money, payable upon merchandize exported and imported.

The caufes /TT^H E commons aflembled in parliament, repofingtruft and and trufts up- confidence in your Majesty, in and for the guarding and thc^fubfidies defending of the feas against all persons intending or that shall of tonnage intend the difturbance of your said commons in the intercourfe and poundage, of trade, and the invading of this your realm : For the better defraying the necefiary expences thereof, which cannot other-Pefendingthe wife be effcdted without great charge to his Majesty, (2) do, jfeas.	by and with the advice and confent of the lords in this your

prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame,

to

363

o the intent aforesaid, give and grant unto you our fupreme liege lord and fovereign, one fubfidy called tonnage, that is to A fubfidy of fay, of every ton of wine of the growth of France, or of any tonna^ the dominions of the French King, or crown of. Frame, that	t0 the

(Tia.ll come into the port of London and the members thereof, by way of merchandize by your natural-bom fubicdts* (3) the fum of four pounds and ten shillings of current English money, and fo after that rate, and by ftrangers and aliens, fix pounds of like money; (4) and of every ton of the like wine which fli all be brought into all and every the other ports and places of tl\is kingdom and the dominions thereof by way of merchandize t>y your natural-bom fubje&s, the fum of three pounds, (5) and by aliens four pounds and ten (hillings; (6) and of every butt or pipe of Mufcadels, Malmfeys, Cuts, Tents, Alicants,

Baftands, Sacks, Canaries, Malljgoes, Maderaes and other wines whatfoever, commonly called fweet wines, of the growth of the LevantSpain* Portugal or any of them, or of any the iflands or dominions to them or any of them belonging, or el few here, that shall come or be brought into the port of London by your natural-bom fubjedts, the fum of forty-five shillings of current English money, and fo after that rate, and by (Iran-gers and aliens, three pounds of like money ? (7) and of every butt and pipe of the like wine which shall come or be brought into all, every or any the other ports and places of this kingdom and dominions thereof, by way of merchandize, by your natural-bom fubiedts, the fum of thirty (hillings, and by (Grangers, forty-five nullings; (8) and of every awm of Rbenijb wine or wine of the growth of Germany* that (hill be brought into this your realm and the dominions thereof, by your natural-born fubjedts, the fom of twenty shillings of current English money, and by ftrangers and aliens, twenty and five, shillings ;

(9)	which several rates are the fame which are exprefled in a 15 Car. *. c.6> certain book of rates herein after mentioned and referred unto : Vaugb. 160.

(10)	And alfoone other fubfidy called poundage, that is to fay, A^fldy of all manner of goods and merchandize of every merchant, ^ duties on natural-bom fubjedt, denizen and alien, to be carried out of tonnage, &c. this realm or any your Majesty’s dominions to the fame belong- ore continued, ing, or to be brought into the fame by way of merchandize, o( enIar^*

the value of every twenty shillings of the fame goods and mer- 2,c.s. chandizes, according to the several and particular rates and va- +& 5 w.icNj! lues of the fame goods and merchandizes, as the fame are par- c. 5. ticularly and refpedlively rated and valued in the said book of6 ^	c-«»

rates herein after mentioned and referred unto, twelve - pence, £	8	*3%

and fo after that rate: (11) And of every twenty shillings value ^ w. 3. of any the native commodities of this realm or manufadlures c. 14 6c 34. wrought of any such native commodities, to be carried out of 9 & 10 'vv* 3* this realm, by every or any merchant-alien, according to the * ^y3^’ value thereof in the said hook exprefled. twelve-pence over and c. 3. & c. 10. above the twelve-pence aforesaid; (12) except and foreprized 1 Ann. flat. 1. put of this grant of fubfidy of poundage, all manner of woollen c*J* & c-13-cloths, made or wrought or to be made or yrrought within this * £3

realm ^ Ann. c. 6.

364	Anno	duodecimo	Caroli	II.	C.j£	f	1660.

5	Ann. c. 19. realm of England, commonly called old draperies; (13) and aO fcc. *7. wines before limited to pay fubfidy of tonnage; (14) and aii

6	cl**!?’ *9# manncr of filh, Englijb taken and brought by Englijb bottoms

7	Ann. c. 7. into this realm, and all manner of fre(h fim and beftial that

f. **.	Ihall come into this your realm ; (15) and all other goods and

s Ann. c. j- merchandizes, which in the laid book of rates are mentioned ’fc'L .tobecuftom-free.

t. c. i. & ftat. s. c. it. 3*Gco. i. c. 7. 6Geo. v. c. 4. & c. it. 8 Geo. 1. c. 15. 9 Geo 1. c. 11. 10 Geo. 1. c. io. 11 Geo. x. c. 7. x* Geo. x. c.4. See. *6.	*	Geo.	t.

ftat. i. c. 1. Sc ftat. ». c. 17. * Geo. *. c. x8. Sc c. 18. 4Geo. *. c. 17.

On woolen II. And further, We your said commons, by the advice, doth, 38. 46. afient, and authority aforesaid, do give and grant unto you, our For aliens du- fajd hege lord and lovereign, for the caufes aforesaid, one othc TA%$ fubfidy» that is to fay, of and for every fhort woolen cloth to be exported by your naturaj^homjbbje^s of this your realm : and the dominions thereof, »Ue3^br6ad cloth, not exceeding : twenty-eight yards in length, and threefcore and four pounds in 1 weight, the turn of three shillings and four-pence of current -Englijb money; and of every cloth of greater length and weight, pro port ionably, according td the fame rate; (2) and of ever; other (hort cloth of old drapery oflefler length and weight, accounting fo many pieces to a (hort doth, as are limited 2nd appointed thereunto by the said book of rates, to be likewise exported by your said natural-bom lubje&s, the like fum of three Strangers, shillings four-pence, and fo after that rate j (3) and by ftran-6 s. 8 d.	jjers and aliens fix shillings and eight-pence for every (hort doth

accounted.as aforesaid; (4) which several rates are accordingly expreffed m the said book of rates herein after mentioned and The said fub- referred unto; (0 to have, hold, take, enjoy and perceive the t^1 he f£fntC<i fuhfidies aforesaid, and every of them, and every part and par-cel of them, unto your Majesty, from the four and twentieth life.	day of June inclufively, in the twelfth year of your Majesty’s

reign, for and during your Majesty’s life, which God long preferve.

The penalty HI. And be it further  enacted by the authority aforesaid, for not paying That if any wines, goods or other merchandize, whereof the the fubfidy. fubfidies aforesaid are or lhall be due, shall at any time after be (hipped or put into any boat or veflel, to the intent to be carried into the parts beyond the feas, or elfc be brought from the parts beyond the feas into any port, place or creek of this realm or other your Majesty’s dominions, by way of merchandize, and unfhipped to be laid on land, the fubfidy, cuftomsand other duties due or to be due for the fame, not paid or lawfully tendred to the collector thereof or his deputy, with the confent and agreement of the comptroller and furveyor there or one of them at the lead, nor agreed with for the fame in the cuftom-houfe according to the true meaning of this-adt, that then, (tom the said four and twentieth day of June* all the fame wines, goods and merchandizes whatfoever, shall be forfeit to your Majesty j the one moiety of the rate thereof to your Majesty, and the other moiety to him Qr them that will feife the fame or fije for

the

; 660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli IL c.4.	365

he fame ; and that it may pleafe your Majesty, That all mer- Merchants rhants, as well denizens as ftrangers, coming into this your	^

realm, be well and honeftly intreated and demeaned, for such treated.1*" things as fubfidy by this adt is granted, as they were in the ti me of your noble progenitors and predecefTors, without op-preflion to them to be done, paying the fubfidies aforesaid.

IV.	And be it further  enacted by the authority aforesaid, A provifo for That if any goods or merchandize as aforesaid, of any merchant fuc^ whofe being bom denizen, after the said four and twentieth day of *****

June* hath been or at any time hereafter during your Majesty’s ” life shall be taken by any enemies or pirates upon the fea, or pe- the feu rifhed, in any fhip or mips that shall happen to be taken or perifhed during your Majesty’s life, whereof the fubfidies and other duties atorefaiS are or shall be duly paid or agreed for as aforesaid, and that duly proved before the treafurer of England* commiflioners of the treafury or chief baron of the exchequer for the timobeing, by the examination of the fame merchants if they be alive, or of their executors or adminiftrators if they be dead, or by two credible witneiles at the leaft fworn, or other reafonable witneffes and proof fworn, then the fame merchant or merchants, his or their executors or adminiftrators, shall or may newly fhip in the fame port where the goods and merchandize aforesaid weri or shall be cuftomed, to much other merchandize or goods as the fame goods or merchandize are or shall be loft as aforesaid shall amount unto in cuftom, without paying of any thing for the fame; (2) fo as the fame proof be recorded and allowed of in the court of exchequer, and certified unto the colledtors of the cuftoms of the port where the fame wares or merchandizes are to be newly (hipped without custom as aforesaid: (3) And further, That every merchant-Thecuftdms denizen who shall hereafter fhip any goods or merchandize in goodt any cairack or galley, shall pay to your Majesty all manner of cuftoms and all the fubfidies aforesaid, as any alien born out of lies. * * the realm.

V.	Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to all Shipping of and every your fubjedts at his and their will and pleafure, to herring*, convey and tranfport out of this realm, in (hips and other veflels

of any the fubjedU of this realm, all and every kind of herrings and other fea-fifh, to be taken on the fea by any the fubjedts aforesaid, from or out of any port or harbour of this realm, to any place out of your Majesty’s dominions, without paying any cuftom, fubfidy or poundage-monie9 for the fame herrings or other fifh fo carried or tranfported, during your Majesty’s life; any thing herein before contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

VI.	And becaufe no rates can be impofei upon merchandize im- No *°be ported or exported by fubjefts or aliens** but by common confent in par- JJ^handlse liament\ (2) Be it further enacted and declared by theauthori- without au-ty aforesaid, That the rates intended by this prefent adl shall thority of par-be the rates mentioned and exprefied in one book of rates, in- liament* tituled. The rates of merchandize, that is to fay, the fubfidy of

tonnage.

A book of rates agreed by the commons houfe of parliament.

The fees of custom officers.

A provifofbr fucn as paid before July 14, 1660.

Goods which may be exported immediately after the palling this aft.

Goods which may be exported being at certain

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c 4.	[	1665

tonnage, the fubfidy of poundage, and the fubiidy of woofa cloths or old draperies, as they are rated and agreed on by tfe commons houfe of parliament, fet down and exprefled in th. book, to be paid according to the tenor of the aft of tonna^ and poundage, from the twenty-fourth day of June inclufiveS, in the twelfth year of his Majesty’s reign, during his Majesty. life, and fubfcribed with the hand of Sir Harbcttle Grimfton9 baronet, fpeaker of the houfe of commons 5 (3) which laid bock of rates compofed and agreed on by your Majesty’s fa id commons, and also every article, rule and claufe therein contained shall be and remain during your Majesty’s life, as effectual to 2! Intents and purposes, as if the fame were included particular); in the body of this prefent aft.

VII.	And it is further enafted, That during the continuant of this prefent grant, where the goods exported or imports: amount to the value of five pounds or more, the cuftomers an; Collectors, and all other his Majesty’s officers in the several port! shall take and receive such fees and no other, as were taken is the fourth year of the late King James, until such time as tht (sad fees shall be otherwise fettled by authority of parliament.

VIII.	Provided always, That no person or persons, who after the four and twentieth day of June in the year one thousand fii hundred and fixty, and before the four and twentieth of Jufyw the fame year, have paid, received or collefted any duties or cuftoms, according to the rates ufed in April one thousand fix hundred and fixty, shall be molefted or any way impeached for or concerning the payment or receipt of the said duties or any other duties by this aft impofed.

IX.	And it is hereby further declared. That no person who hath (hipped any goods fince the said four and twentieth of Jutte9 and before the said four and twentieth of July9 shall be liable to the payment of any duties therefore, other than such as were ufed to be paid in the said month of April one thousand fix hundred and fixty.

X.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore-faid. That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons, immediately from and after the palling ot this act, to tranf-port, (hip and carry out of this kingdom, or out of any port thereof, by way of merchandize, any of thefe commodities, goods and merchandizes following; that is to fay, iron, armour, bandeleers, bridle-bits, halbert-heads and (harps, hol-fters, mufkets, carbines, fowling-pieces, piftols, pike-heads, fword or rapier-blades, faddles, fnaffles, ftyrops, calve-fkins drefied or undrefled, geldings, oxen, fheep-fkins drefled without the wool, and all forts of manufaftures made of leather, paying the refpeftive rates appointed by this aft and no other; any law, statutes, prohibitions and cuftoms to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, immediately after the pafling of this act, for any person or persons to (hip, carry out and

tranfpurt

66o.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 4.	367

ranfport by way of merchandize, thefe several forts of goods price*, bllowing, that is to fay, (a) gunpowder, when the lame doth "3^ * tot exceed the price of five pounds the barrel: (3) And wheat, ,, ^ I3[ ye, peafe, beans, barley, malt and oats, beer, port, bacon, c. 10. f. 4. the jutter, cheefe, candles, when the fame do not exceed in price exportation of tt the ports from whence they are laden, and at the time their lading, thefe prices following ; that is to fay, (4) Wheat c^Ht &c. i, the quarter, forty lhillings; rye, beans and peafe, the quarter, inode duty-twenty-four shillings ; barley and malt the quarter, twenty (hil-/ra. lings ; oats the quarter, fixteen (hillings; (5) beef the barrel, live pounds; pork the barrel, fix pounds ten (hillings; baconUc.60 the pound, fix-pence; (6) butter the barrel, four pounds ten *,Car.*, ct?. (hillings; cheefe the hundred, one pound ten (hillings; (7) £ 4-candles the dozen pound, five (hillings, paying the refpeftrve * W. & M. rates appointed by this a<5t, and no more: any former law, fta- ttat*1 * c# tute, prohibition or custom to the contrary in any wife notwith-flanding.

XII.	Provided always. That it shall be free and lawful for hu Maiefty,

his Majesty, at any time when he shall fee caufe fo to do, and by proclaraa-for such time as shall be therein exprefled, by proclamation to tion may pro-prohibit the tranfporting of gun-powder, or any fort of arms or ammunition into any parts out of this kingdom; any thing in g^n-powder, this a<5t contained to the contrary notwithstanding.	arms and am-

XIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, munition out That over above the rates herein before-mentioned, there shall

be paid unto your Majesty of every ton of wine of the growth ar’ *’ c’ of France, Germany, Portugal or Madera, brought unto the port An additional of London, or elfewhere, the fura of three pounds of current fubfidy upon English money, within the fpace of nine months after the im- wjJc$*°vcr. porting; (2) and of every ton of all other wines brought in, as fore-mention-aforefaid, the fum of four pounds of like current money, with- ed rate*, in the fpace of nine months after the importing thereof; (3) Security to be for the payment of which duties accordingly, the importer ?ivcn thc shall give good fecurity: (4) And if any of the said wines, for T^Sfd’fub-which the additional duty in this claufe mentioned is paid or fe- fidy to be re-" cured at the importation, be exported within twelve months paid upon ex-after their importation, then the aforesaid additional duty in this Potation, claufe mentioned shall be returned, or the fecurity difcharged, amtbsln^ as to fo much as shall be fo exported; (5) and if at the impor- larged to three tation the importer shall pay for the fame ready money, he fhallyears by 7 be allowed after the rate of ten per cent, for a year.	Geo* *•

XIV.	And be it further enacted, That from and after the . ,0’ said four and twentieth day of July, all manner of wines what- chLacdof cx-foeverto be imported into the port of London, or elfewhere, shall pf©.

be freed and difcharged of and from the impofition of excife.

XV.	Provided, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That prizage wines the prizage of wines, or prize wines, ought not to pay tonnage not to pay any nor cuftom, and shall not be charged with the payment of any cuftomorfub-euftom, fubfidy or fum of money impofed upon wines by this ^7*

aft, or any thing therein contained* 13 Car. 2.flat. 1. c. 7.

The

2

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c.4.

[*6rj

The RATES of MERCHANDIZE, that: to fay. The fubfidy of tonnage, the fubfidy of poundage and the fubfidy of woolen cloths or old-drapery, as thr; are rated and agreed on by the commons houfe of park ment. Set down and expreft in this book, to be paid aJ cording to the tenor of the a& of tonnage and poundage from the 24th day of June inclufively, in tne twek year of hisMajelty’s reign, during his Majesty*s life, an. lublcribed with the hand of Sir Harebotle Gnmflon barone fpeaker of the houiie of commons.

11 Geo.i. c.7.

Rates Inwards.

A

ADZES for coopers, the dozen —	■	xy.

Aggets fmall as a beane, the C. dozen - xiij. s

Aggeta large, the piece ■------------- —---- vj.	d.

Alphabets the fet, containing twenty-four ■ -v. s.

Allum the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound - ij. 1, Alpifti, or canary-feed, the hundred weight, 7 ....

1 m* *•

•••• • uij. cL

11

containing 112 pound

XV. s.

the pound

g < the maft, cont. two pound and an half

< £ beades the pound -------------

Anchoves, the little barrel

Andirons \ °S "ceP*" of latdn, the pound ( of iron, the paire ■■

Andlets, or males, the pound ---------- —

Anvils, the hundred weight, cont. 112 pounds - xv. s

iij. a. viij. d. viij. s. iiij.d. x.s.

vij.s. vj.d. j. s.

X. s.

iij. s.

Aneile of fiarbary, the pound S Geo. 1. c.15. Annotto, the pound * —

9 Geo. i. c.so.

8 Geo.i* c. 15.

f the bufhel

the barrel, containing three bufhels ----

o*1 vocat. pippins, or nnnets the barrel con- ) ^ C ' taining three bufhels - ■	—	J

fti ~=L- —

Argali white and red: or powder, the hundred )

10 & 11 W. c. ai.

j.s. vj.d. j. s. iiij.d. j.s.

iij, s.

ij. 1. xiij. s. iiij.d. iiij. 1.

^ weight, containing 11 z pound —	—— | iij*8-

Armour old, the hundred weight, containing I . .

112 pound	■■	—	-■......... J

Arrowes for trunks the groce, cont. twelve dozen vj.s. viij. d.

H r pot-afhes the barrel, containing two hun- } . .

* \ dred weight ------------------ 8 ----------- { j-1.	v.s.

3 ) wood or foap-afhes the laft, containing 12 )	.	.

% t barrels -----------------------------  -	}

Aule-blades, the thousand ■■	  xiij.s.	iiij.d.

Aulgers for carpenters, the groce —............... j.l.

Axes or hatchets, the dozen ............  --	vj.s.	viij.d.

B

Babies, or puppets for children, the groce, taining 12 dozen	—-	*------

con-)	,

_____h XV1J.8. x.d.

Babies.

6So. j Annb duodecimo Caroii It. 04.

tiij/di

abies heads of fcarth, the dozen ■■■ : — ■ ■ xiij.s. iiij.d. H other toys for children, to pay fixteen ) pence in twenty shillings talne	j

C of Iceland, the flitcn	---- v.s.

< ofWeftphaJia&dHaiftborough, ofthelike; 7 . . f the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound j J* * V1 I C great the hundtM, cohtaSnrrig 120 j —— xij.l.

| < middle, the hundred, containing 126	—	v. 1.

1 £fmall, the hundred, containing 120	—	ij. I.

I with locks the dozen -	■■ .... ij.l. vilj.s.

ZB5 l with fteele rings without locks; the dozth j; I. xij. s.

* r Gold balances the groce, alanPM \ ing id dozen pair

< Ounce balances the groce,

* * I taining 12 dozen pair -

1.the fort containing 4 dozen	-	iij.l. xj.s. ij.

Balls t Tennis balli, the thousand -	— ij. 1.

ocat. [ wafhing-balls the gtbcej Cditt. 12 dozen ij. 1. tandeliers the 100, containing five fcore	xvj.s, viijd.

land-ftrings, the dbzen knots —■■	«—*■■■	^	x. $1

Sands* vocat. Flandfers Binds of bofte-lacC the b&nd x. 1. * lands artwork, of Flanders, or any other country xx. 1. lankeh of verdure, the dozen pieces »	—	iv. 1.

■ 3*9

e. cofitaSpO t.l.rj. i. tflj.J; roce, con-1 -j f -j. ^ cen -	-	iij.l.	xj.s.	ij.di

larbers aprons, or checks, the piece, not abbte )

ten yaids . *——- ^	-------	)

Barlings the hundred, containing 120	1	■■■■	■	-

Barley, •vide com Barillii

xiij.s. lir.d. j.l. xiij.s. iv.d;

ia; or fephora to make glaA, the barrel, 7 • j; containing two hundred weight	■■■	■■	J	#

Bafket-rods, Ac bundle

a	•••	«

yj.s. vnj.d.

Bafkets; vocat. band balkets,1 at (ports the doien	iij.-si iv.d.

Bafons of lattin, the pound -	■■■■—■	i*s.	iv.	d.

1 orftraw-hats knotted, the dozen - YJ« 8:	d#

w ( or draw-hats plain, the dozen	»	j. s. vj. d.

Baft (*b«H>pe	—	*----— vj.d.

tones 1 bundle; Containing 10 ropes -	v. «.

p {the hundred weight, cont. 112 £ound	viij.	s.

Batterie, bafhrons, or kettles* the hundred 7 jx 1 weight, cont. 112 pound	'	*

Bayes of Florence, per yard 'of amber the pound

of bone, the great groce, containing 12 I

fmall groce -----------—	*— 3

* of box the great groce g of coral the pound

PQ .....................

of chriftal the thoufatfd of glafs and wood all groce

forts the7 great |

x. s.

Lof'jafperdjuire the hundred ftonCs	ij.	1.

Beaupers tne piece, cont. 24 or 25 yards ■ ■ ■■ ■ ■ J. L* t: i4 't j of Ireland or Scotland the barrel (a)	—	}• 1-

&	(or pork of Ireland or Scotland pet ton - vj.J.

Bells vocat. Hawks bells, French-fnalring, the 7 dozen pair	—•	» —J

(H) 5 Ann. c. 2.

Voi.VII.	Bb

v. u

Jells

37*

Anno duodecimo CaRoLI. c.42

the J

f Hawks bells, Norembourgh-making, dozen pair,



lj. f.

x.*.

j. s. iv»d«

; J Horfe bells the finall groce, cont. iz dozen ' Dog bells the fin all groce, cont. 12 dozen Morrice bells the finall groce, cont. 12 dozen V. s.

_ Clapper bells the pound	—	—	j.a.

Bell metal the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound j. 1. xlij s. hr. d. Bellowes the pair	-——	-	■	—	nj. a. iv. d.

Bitts for bridles the dozen »--------- ---------- j. 1.

Blacking or lamp-black the hundred weight, ) .	-

containing 112 pound ' ■ ■ - ■-	-----J 1V*

Blankets V aris mantles coloured, the mantle j.L vi.s.vuj.d. " _	^ Paris mantles, or others uncoloured, 1 . ,

TOCatr- I the mantle -------------	------ J J*1*

_ barrel boards the hundred, cont. 120	—	v.$p

8	I clapboards the hundred, cont. 120 boards - xv.s.

► J pattboards for books the thousand -

pipe boards or pipe holt the hundred,) * ' containing 120 boards ----------------■ J 1’^

"	iv.d.

Jet.

white boarcts for ihoemakers the board Bodkins the finall groce, containing ia dozen - vj.«. viij.d. lomefpari the hundred, containing izo ■ j. 1. xiij- s. iv. i

"	’	’	'	yj.i.

f narrow the fingle piece not above

Bombaiinel X	P*6”	not

{.of nlk wJi dike ■

C the baiket or maund, con-Books unbound^ taining 8 bales or 2 fats

vij.l.

vHj.I.

(the fat. cont. half a maund — iv.L Bofles for bridles the finall groce, cont* 12 dozen Botanoes per piece

of earth or done the dozen



Bow-i

if

j.l.

x.s.

V. s. jele

IV. I. X.

iv. a. vjecL

X. 8.

of glaiTe covered with wicker the dozen — of glafs with vices covered with leather 1 the dozen	■	■■■■■—	■ ■	■»	J

of glafs uncovered the^ dozen - ——-of wood, vocat. fucking bottles the groce ) j containing 12 dozen ——	■ —^	>

Boulteli rainsthe Piccc. .	* .	~- viii.s.

¥	\	the	bale	containing	twenty pieces . — viij. L

Bowes,-vocat.ftone-bowesof fteel, timepiece - - x.s. Bow-ftaves the hundred^ i*ont. fix fcore fiaves - iy.l f fire, or tinder-boxes the groce, containing T * twelve dozen boxes. -	-

Neft boxes the groce, containing twelve * ... , dozen nefts	-	-J	wj.	*-■

" pepper-boxes the groce, containing 12 do-1 . . ..

zen boxes .-----------7	—1

Spice boxes the dozen	—	  vua.

*t _	r>	A	I'	r	*	*

j

j.l.

s. vj.£.

I •

round boxes, or French boxes for marine- > ."

__ > iv. s. vj.

lade or gelly, the dozen Sand-boxes the groce, cont. 12 dozen Soap-boxes the Ihock, - containing three-1

fcore boxes - - ■ ■ »«	 \

6

j.l.

xj. L

Boxes

5&o. j Anno cluod^cimb C Aft oil If. c.

iij. s.

r touch-boxks covered with leafier, the dozen \ touch-boxes covered With velvet; the dpaea J touch-boxes of iron ot other metal; guilt, 7 I the doaen	—	.	■	■	■	-•-	)

(^tobacco-boxes thegjtfee, cont. r* dozen -f of glkfs 3te fmall groce, conudfi • racelets on inf 12 bandies o* dickers -eck-laces j red me fmall groce, containing 7 L 12 bundles or dickers -f lave* cocks the pound ■''	■	■■"■■■■-

j pile Weights the pound ■ ■■■—■■	■■■«■—

j trumpets the dozen	■-—-	■ _	■

• flampes the dozen —	———•

ridles the dozen '	■	■	■	■	—

rouches of Inttih 0* copper; die gfoce contain- J ing^ra dozeh

"beard brulhes the groce, tout. r2dozen of hefth courfe the dozen

of heath fine, 6r heard brttfhea; the doieri -of haire •called heacfbrufhes, the dozen — of heath voeat. rubbing brulhes, the doztfn of haire vOcat. comb-brtflhes, the groce con- 7 taining 12 dozen	+—<—	» -	J

of haire tfocat. weavers brdhes the dozen -^of haire Vocar. rubbing brulhes the dozen -rimftone the hundred weight; cont. 112 pound i «{ rough or undreft the dozen pound — lriftlesi dfeflTthe dot*, pound —	—-----

s C of Germany; Or J j of the eaft countr

fine per piece

XV. s.

j.L-

j. I. x. si* iv. s.

iv.	s.

j. s; iv.'di j.e. xij. s.

X. s.

j.i. ; xi> s.

p. s. vHj. Ai

fj. s. vifi. d. yj.s. Vlq.d; j. s;

xiij.s. iv.d.

*: 1.

j. s. iv. d. vj. s.

v.	s.

X. s. x. s. v.s. ij. 1. ij. s.

j.l.

vij.s. vj. di iij. 1.

viij.d:

t: s:

iv. I

x. s.

. <	:	country	the foule or ha1£pie0e -

j I of Frcnch-making the dozen pieces (a)	-

\ l^vocat. Carricke buckrams the Ihort piece t f for girdles the finall gfoce, cont. 7

luckless lx dozen .	■■	-■	■■	 {

(for girthes the groce, cofit. 12 dozen taffins, Mo-f narrow the fingle piece, not a- 7 adoes, and I bove fifteen yards —<— J .ile Gro- ] broad the fingle piece; hot above J ;rams.	fifteen	yards	.	j

lugafmes Or calico buckrams the half picfc£ - -f grekt the pound	"

tagle < lmall or feed bugle the pound	- — ■

( lice the pound ——	■-■■■■	*■

bullions for purfes the groce* containing 12 dozen

lull rulhes the lofcd	-—■■■■	......

larrs f&r miUftofcOs the hundred; containing five 1

fcore	— —- - .	   4	J

luflcins of leather the dozen paift -----------  ■

luflians the fingle piece, not above fifteen yards

f the barrel"	.	---------- ----------;—

latter < of Iceland the hundred Weight, con-7

( taining 112 pounds --------------------- J

Buttons of brafs,Iteel, copper or Uttin, the great 7 groce, containing twelve fmall groce, every > ^|1.	ivd.

grdte, 12 dozen ■ ’■ ■■ ■ >	 j

;	B b 2	Buttons

x. s.

*7*

j

(a) f & S IV. y* c. i«,

371



a

tt

Anno duodecimo Caroli 11: c.£

‘of chryfUl the dozen ■■■ ■ ■■■	■	■■■*

of glaile the great groce, containing twelve (mall groce	— —	■ ■ ■ ~

of thred the great groce, containing twelve fmall groce	—■	-■ ■■■ ■ „

of (ilk the great gtoce, containing twelve )

fmall groce	-	—	■	 >

of fine aamafke work the dozen	----

of bagle the dozen

[1660

for handkerchen the groce, cont. 12 dozen bof haire the groce* cont. 12 dozen ■	-

tv. 1. iv. I.

Cabinets i or C0ttnt0re* the piece —

* ( or coontores large the piece ——7-Cables tarred or nntarred the bandied weight,

containing 112 pound ■	i-----

Caddas or Cruel! ribband the dozen pieces, every piece containing 36 yards Calve mint in the haire die piece Cabogium, <wV&Druggs —	■	>	■■	»»	»	-

Camel etto half filk, half haire, the yard — Candles of tallow the pound -	—

Candle plates, or wallers of brals or lattin the 1 pound	-	-	-	-	y

Candleftick* 1 °t °f ** P000*	“

rof wire the dozen -	-

Candlcweeke the hundred weight, cont. 112 )

pound	-	J

Callicoes fine or courfe the piece -	-

Canes or reeds the thoufand	-

C«« of wood |	^ ^ c~Me$ “

Cant fparrs the hundred, cont. fix fcore	-

Capers the pound	-	-	-

Capravens the hundred, cont. fix fcore	—

Cap-hookes, or hooke-ends the groce, cont. izdoz. u f double turfed, or cockaied caps the dozen	-

•«	for children the dozen -	-	-

§ I nightcaps of fattin and velvet the dozen -•» 1	nightcaps of filk knit the dozen	-	-

nightcaps of woolen the dozen	-	*

^ L nightcaps of linen the dozen -	-

playing cards the groce, containing 12 ) Cards ^ dozen paire -	-	-	J

locat. wool cards pld the dozen paire	——

wool cards new the dozen paire — f of Tonney the piece, containing two yards ) ~ I and a half long -	-	-	J

g of Scotland the piece (b)	-	—

J of Cor nix the eaxpet two yards ind a half

S loner

carpr; llnp;	the

long

fr Bruniwicke carp

C ?}**,

tlmnaof c<v*

x. d.

X.8.

iij. d.

j.s. iv.d.

j. $4 iv. s. vj. s. viij. d.

25.1. x.s.

x*s~

ij.1. x.s. iv*-s.

j. *•

j.L xiij.s. vlA.

vj.d*

iij. 1. xiij.s^ir.d.

xv. s.

ij. 1. viij-r 8.

i.	1.

tij.l.

iv. 1.

j.	i. viij. 8.

vjM.

vj.s. x.s.

j. 1. xs. xiijs. ivcL jl. vs.

x $•

— iv s.

Carpets



66o.J

Anno duodecimo Carolx II. c.+J

Carpets

ocat.

Zafes for look-ng glaffes gilt

c

P

I

rOeatUh.the doten	-	-	iij. 1.

\ Turkey or Venice fliort the piece - j. 1. x. s,

< Turkey or Venice long, containing? ... ,

I four yards tod upwards —5 t of Perfia the yard lquare, the yard - ij.l. v.s.

Darrells die piece, containing 15 yards* -•	-	j;l. vi.s, viij.d,

N* 3 and 4 the	ddzen	-	iv. s.

Of N° 5 and 6 the	dozen	-	vij.s.

of ~N* 7 and 8 the dozen • — x.s.

of N° 3 and A the dozen - ij.sl of and o the dozen . — tij.s. vj. d. ofN°7 and 8 the dozen - v.s. of N° 9 and 10 the dozen - xvi. s. viij.d. 'with wooded comps garaiAeddrtf dozen — j. 1. with fmall ivode coml garnilhed the 4o~J zen -» ’*	-	*	*	-	]

with. middle	fpit. irorie combs	ganuAed \

the dozen	4 r -V*	-	1

with large irorie £ombi garnifted the \

-dozen —“•*-■** —	•—

for combs fiagle the grace, cont. 1a dozen' forcoipb*doublethegroce, cont. 12dozen*

fr&^.J***”*	j;i.	vi,.	^4;

for fpe&actes unjgilt the grace, cont. 12 dozen	f	4

for needlies or pm-cafes tnegre

Bales for looking £laifitt«tttgilt .

o

i- L yj.

• • m

y.%.

iv.]’’.

jil.

ij.l.

... •

vuj.cU

pm-cafesthegrace, contain-*? ingiz dozen ------* -	—	r-J

xiij. s. iv. 4.

jriij. &. iv. d.

Lfbr needles Fitnch guilt the dozen Cattel j imported from Ireland

- VvS.

great *( a-piece after the rate of -•» f of iron fmall the dozen JJ \ of iron xtidAlefortr^the dozen ^lof ir

into- England,}



ij» 1. X. 3*. . . 1

j.l. X.S* ij.l. viij.s.' iij. 1.

yjt1

.	__	iron	large, t^e dozen

^ I of fteel, the doze? *	-	-	-	vj.	1.

Caviare the hundredweight, cont. 112 pound - j.l. r, . { of linen for women, the dozen	— viij.s*

^ ul | of dlk, die dozen	—	- j; 1. jj. s. viij.d.

j.s. iv. d.

Ccftcrwof lattin, the pound Chaffing-difhej { * jj*	-

J

Chains J ?r m *"*•» *■?* *** dozcn (for dogs, courfe, the dozen

Chairs of walnut-tree, the piece -

f unwatered or mohairs, the ydrd

Chainlets < watered, the yard

(half iilk half hair, the yard

Cheefe the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound

Cherries the hundred weight, cont. 112 bound

tihefs-boards, the dozen	-

Chefs-men the grace, cont. twelve dozen

- r -* iron fmall or middle fort the piece

‘ iron large the piece -	-

Cyprus wood the neft, cont. three elicits viij. 1.

B b 3

a, iv. d. xiij. s. iv: d., viij. s.

- iv. d. ‘

uj.s.

X. s. vj. s.

V. 3.

X. s.

vj. a. viij. 4.

J\!-

Xlj. s.

V. 1.

- vj.l. xiij.s, iv, d.

Chrft*



^np duodecimo Carpli U. 64;

£1 66a.

^2 f pf fprucc ar danfke the nefl,

IS ■? • cHefo -	——

0 ( painted Ac dozen

. f	-	■"

Chimney-back?

containing

t final! the piece C Urge the pif cc

China peafo Ac pound ,	—^

Chizels for joiners, , the dojun Citterns, the dozen.

V j;!. x. 1.

* .. . i

“ y.-1*: ...

—	vl:f‘ .

—	xuj. s. inj. a*

—	ty s. iv d*.

f* the. jfmail hundred, containing fix- } t



ClaphouIt A /cor©	.......

dr .< the ring, xont. two fmall hundred

Clipboard J the; great hundred* co^r twenty- 9

L.	'	;	r-r(

Claricords Ae pair.- ltV—^	i

1. x.s.

8.

Cloakeiof felt the^iqce . j ~

All manner of woolen clothe inapprtpd per yanj,, r : V ' f ^catr&yjve^er^or. Campeche*' \ codieneale Ae pound	-

p$co.?ue.i5« Gocheneale < of.alt fort? ofvcoAeiM^f

** I 'Sv^rcfter and CampeaAe co-I chenMk,: Ae pound «v Coals of Scodand tljeron ^ j-	*

r covered wftfc g^t MhV| Afr \ covered wi A velvet* ’ A^dozca jfi < with iron b*rsf $ft.neA» _aom,

0	r ^Uin the • neft,Soontainifag.ihree coffers Lppiiyx&th* n6#^v0O»t..t&Pe ci

Comaihes. .out of Turkey* Ac piece

1 ^for wool Ae pkir, old .or new of bone A* pound .; — of box the grocc^satf* i z-dozen voc: 1 igfrtwBodJcOmbes the groce, containing \ i dozen -----------------—

of hfcrn© for barbers. Ae dozer of ivorip, Ae.pouha ‘ - ——

^vocat. hdr£>combs, Ae dozen-Comfets Ae pcxurtd ‘	> ,«

v	Cof	Uonibr carocntct5?. Ae.cfozen.

pDmpz£bs j.of; brais, Ae dozen

I for ihipd» Ae dozen —

xviij,. I.

ij. 1.

Wjfl. ***■> Is. rty.dl1 '

yj. $t viij.d-

x, s.

Copperas green A^ hundred weight* containing }

’ H2p>ourid	------ —•—— )

Cordage or ropes tarred or untarred Ae hundred)	...

1 weight* containing na pound 11 ‘ ‘ — ■ J .UJ's; *MM-

rnrL.j taruK t of iron Ac thoufarid	■-------yj. s. viij. d.

tCorke tacks |bf ftecl the thodfaitd ----.------ j.	j..	xiij/8.	iv,

y C for Ihoemakerv the dozen piece? — iv. s.

% < of all other Forts the hundred weight* con- >	... .

$ I taining M2 pound	~	• J	XVJ‘ s- VUJ- *•

I

to

66o.J

I

{

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c . •

Wheat imported not exceeding the"* price of fivp shillings fix-pence the Oiifhel at the place of importation v* by-the bulhel	—	—	■ *.

When itfhatt exceed that rate by the quarter

§ < J

i

p Imported flOt exceeding the price of* tour shillings fix pence the buihel 1

at the place~of importation by bufbel

the

J when it shall exceed that rate by the

L quarter t ---------:—•

4Imported,	not* exceeding tne")

price of three shillings fix f

VJ* V viij. ^

UP *+ iv.d*

v, s.

Beans

Barley

Malt

pence the bu/hel at the place > Hi, 3, iv. A of importation iij.s. iiij. i by\	*

thebUd ------------•	 )

•When it shall exceed that rate, by $he quarter - v, 3.

Coverlets of Scotland; the piece ---------- ■	■■	xv. i,

.Counters of latin, the pound	r-* ,	—— j. s. »

f laths-the pound	* — ■ ■ vflj. d.

Crofbow <threcSd, the pound —	•“*— viij.d,

( racks, the juece ■	"	------- x.s.

f of done without covers, the hundred, ) _ .

Crufcs V containing five (core -	—	■■	-	■	j	* 0

( offtone wi|h‘ covers, the luuid.cont.5 fcore p 1. yj.s. viiLdL Cufhians of Scotland, the dozen ■	■■■	■	■	g.«.

Cufhen-clothj \ *°nrfe’ *e do*«*	------- 9:.1*, *• »•

I of tapeftrv, the dozen • ■ '■ uij.l. *. s.

Cntde bones, the thousand > ■ —•»	... j. I. vj. i. tiij. d

Pages with fire locks, or fnnphances, the piece j. I.	>

fblades, the dozen ■ - -	 j.l.	vj.	j.	viij.	d,

£ 1 for children the dozen	"----- - — iiij. s.

of bone for children the dozen ■	———	ij. a.

black, wkhvehret (heaths, the dozen - iij.l.

i

V)

u

1

eilt, with, velvet (heaths, the dozen — iiij, I. "Mcabro-deals, the hundred, cont. fix-ftore iiij.l.

v. 1.

Xlj.I, XT. 1.

iiij.*.

Norway-deal s, the hundred, cont fix-fcore, < Burgendorp-dpals, the hundred, containing 1

fix-fcorc

J

q (.Spruce-deals, the hundred, cont. fix.-(core

!or ftayes for books, ■ the dozen ■	-	1	—

for women to work on, covered with wocfl- ) len, the piece • ■	■■	—	•	J

for women, covered with velvet, the piece

n. . i of wood, the dozen —	------

A,ia*s (of bone, the dozen —	—

Dimity, the yard

v.s.

of earth, the groce, cont. twelve dozen with caddas the piece, cont. fifteen yards with (ilk the piece, cont. fifteen yards with wool the piece, cont. fifteen yards with third the piece, cont. fifteen yards

375.

**C*r.,. c.ij.

5 Ann.c. t.

5 Ann.c.|,

Dor&l*

37$	Anno duodecimo Caroli IL 0.4.'

. I French-nuking, the dl	——

u I French-making, the yard — Dugeon, tike hundred pieces, containing fivescore j. L

fornix

1J.S.

[166..

irj. <L

Durance or I with dped, the yard Duretty \ with filk, the yard Dntties, the piece	■

'Acacia, the pound

f 0PQ.1. C.IJ.

C

s

a

to

9

Acorns, the pound Adiadtnm albun

vj. s. viij.d*

X..,	■

Lb

mj.a.

vuj.dw

^j.d.

1.

— T. S.

▼iq-

urn, the pound	•-

Adiantum nigrum, the pound	—

Agaricus or agarick, fftp’4 or parpd, the 7 .

pound *	■	■	—	#	*	1	r	■	■	■■■ r ■■ J *

Agaricus rough or upturn’d, tfye pound Agnus caftus feeds, the pound •

AlkanetpoQts, fhe pound

Aloes-cicotrina, the pound Aloes-fpadca, the pound —

Allum. roniih or roch, the hundred* containing 112pound 7— *	-	■

Ambergreeps oUpk	or	grey,	the	ounce

Ameos feed, the pound ■■ ■ 1 -7	•—r

Amomi feeds, the pound -----------------  —

Anacantium, the pound — ■ —	*^—7

Angelica, the pound	.	  -

Antimoniuip prudum,	the hundred weight,

containing 112 pound ------— ^ —-----

Antimoniuin preparatum or (Ubium, the pound	—	■

Argentum fublime or limum, the pound, or ' quickfilvey	——	t«	a-

Arillolochia longa and rotunda, the pound j *• iiij Arfrvick white or yellow, or rofalger, the 1 jy|j pound ■	■	—	—	J	/	'

Alarum roots, the pound -	~	   J s

AfpaJUthus, the pound	—-	,	—— j s. vj d.

A/la faetkja, $he pound -------	 j	*•	ij	d;

Almonds bitter, the hundred weight, cont. ) y ^ •

112 pound -»■ —	■	—	>	J

Alumen plume, the pound ■	■	—	j**

Halauflium/the pound ....., , «-v	»	■■■■■	ij	s*	vj	d.

Balfamum artificial, the pound	■	■ “j »•	ujj d.

Balfamum natural, the pound	.	—	xs,

Bay berries, the 112 pound ■ ?	—	xiij	s.	iiijd.

Barley huld or French barley, th$ M2? jj

pound (a)	—-------------------  j	J	'

Bdeljium, the pound -----------------------   ij	s.	rj	d.

Bcnalbum or rubrnm, the pound — ij s; Benjamin of alj forts, the pound -------v s.

j B^izer (lone of the Eaft-India, the ounce 1 •••« H troy —	—	 5	J	•

(a) 7 k 8 W. 3. c. ic.



P*ugg|

>•3	Anno duodecimo Caroli il. c. 4;

Beaser ftonc of the .Weft-India, the opnce 1 • troy —	—p—	—| x*4

Black.leade, thenapound »■ W	j 1.

Blata Bizantia, the pound	ij s.

Bolus communis, or armoniacus, thehun-1 .	...	.

drcd weight, cont. 112 pound ; • —- J	^

Bolus verus the ponnd, or fine.bole r—— viij d. Borax in pafte or., unrefined, commonly I ......	.

calledTuickull^ the pound.	——— J “J3, iv .

1 Borax refined, the pound	«■.■■■ — — ■ xiij s. iiijd.

B unkins, holliwortles or piftolachia, the 1

pouncf Callamus,.the pound .	■

Camplure refined, the pound Camptiire unrefined, the pound Cancri oculus* the pound Cantarides, the pound .

Caraway feed?, the 112 pound Cardankomes, (he popnd	■

Carpo balfami, the pound . ~ Carrabe, or fuccinnm, the pound ‘ Carthamus feeds, the popnd — Caffia fiftula, the pound, of all fort? Caffia lignea, the pound



0^

A

ijs. vjd.

viij d. vs.

ijs. vjd.

XV s.. vs*

-JL iv s.

-	lijs.

-	ivs;

•	viij d.

•	js. viij d« .

•	xs. jL xs*

yj s. viij d#

yjd,.

ivd.

ICaftoreum or hevor cods, tfc« pound Cerufia, the 1x2 pound _	■■	■	1	■

China roots, the. pound _	■	■

Ciceres white and red, the pound

Ciperus longus k rotundas, the \\z pound jj* j^ijs. ivdY

Ciperus nuts, the pound ........ -' --- viij. d.

Civet, the ounce troy -----------------  —	>	ij	L

Coculus Indue, Jthe pound -7—*- ..	■	—*	ij $.	;	’

Coloquintida, the.pound —r—• . —ijs.;

Coral, red or white in fragment, for phy- ? ... ^ fical ufe, the ponnd * 7—J $*

Coral whole, the pound *—	.	—	j	1.

Coriander feeds, the one hundred and?

twelve pound —-	—	— J

Cortex guaci, the 1x2 pound Cortex caperum, the pound Cortex tamerifei, the pound Cortex mandragorae, the pound Cofcus dulcis and amarus, the pound Cubebs, the pound	—

Cumminfeed, the 112 pound Cufcuta, the pound	—

Cyclamen or panis porcinus, the pound — ij s.

Citrago, the pound	——	— j s.

Cetrach, the pound #	——	» - ■ — j s,

Cinabrum or vermilion, the pound ■— — ij s. vj d.

f white, the 112 pound ■■■ ■	-	ij	1.

Copperas < blew, of Danke or Hungary, 7 L the 112 pound ■■ ■■ >■ ■■■ }

xij s.

Cambogium or gutu gambse, the pound - iijis. iv d. ^Chryftalin broken pieces for phyfick ufcs,per lb. iij s. iv d,

Carlina,

37«

I

Anno duodtecfaao GAROLI II*

(‘Carlina, tke^onnd •’ 'i ■■

* Carolina the pOnffd" ' —

Cortfcf wlriteranuS, the poun«

Daucnt'credcds, the poind J&iajpediam hrftaminy,- die peinnd

Dprtmictnn, .the poind —

Eleboru? albas andfftger, the pound SpitWnkrim, the/pound thepmbtd Euphorbium* the pound Penned ft&ds, dETpound*

Fenugreek, The I12 pound FWty, the pound -±-Folium Itrdiac, the potifid

Fox lungpi the pTOnd	'	—	»J».	*

Frabldncebfe" "Or FHfflTC Or Petrofib*, the f - •• MptfaX -■■-=•	,	-M—*Ufc

Galbantntt, the pound . .............  »■■—	|	a.	VJ	d.

Galanga, the pound :	—~~	' lL/ ~m‘	4

GenejSB the pound Gentfina, the pound*

Gtnhy pepper, the pound Granapipse, the pound Gre6i gihger, the pound""~

Gum' am mi/ the pound < Gum artiOniack, Thejpound u Gurt carihrrie, the pound Gum tragagant, the pound Gumelettuu, tfte pound Gum hedene, tiy? pound Gum lack, $he pound T*)

Gum opopadax, the pound

Gum farCocoi, the’ poruncT	:—	— j «.	-j~.

Gum ferapinum the pound, or fagapehum ~ j $; vj d. Gum taccamahaceae; the pbund * ■» ■ ■«* iv s, # *

Grana tinAoruift * --------—	* '	ij s.* vjd.

Grains of Giiincy /t>r	French	grains^ the I*	- •«

112 pound —	.—■*—	l ^

GumArabeck, or gum'Seneca, the liuri- f • ■ dred and twelve pound ^	J	J	*	*'

Gum fandrake, or gum iuniperi, the hun- > • i ••• _

dred and twelve pound J -------------—	J	jI*	VUJ8f

Gum.guifeci, the pound	—-	—:	ivs.

Gum carameif, the pound *—	 —	vj	d.

Hermoda&ilus, the pound •—	—	ijs.

HypociMs, the pound	-*	—	—ijs.

Homs of harts or dags,	the~	hundred	—	j 1. x $.

Incenfeor olibanuta, me nr pound Ireos, the iia pound	-——

Ifonglafs, the 112 pound (a) ujubes, the pound	■■

of op, the pound	•------ -

runiper berries, xhe itz pound

(a) 8 Geo. i. c. ij.

vl.

* v}-

- vl. -JS-

■ IV 8.

XSf

Labdanua

JJ	Anno duodecimo CAROLIII.. c. 4*

•abd annul tir Lapadonum, the pound	— }s.

.•apis C&llamiaaris, the 112 pound ■■■**■ r <vjs..

..apis Qeittatuu, the pound	------j ••

..apis jud^icas, the pound ■ .....	■

L.apis lazuli, .the-pound .	.	: ■,«	■■■■■■■■■	% s*

Lapis tut^eythe pound - ■ ■ ■ -- iiii» it*

r	of. roles, -the pound- •	»■	■■.— >jt.

of violet-or flowers, the pound - riijd.

Lyndfcus ot xylobalfaimini, the pound — js. viijd.

Lignum alotsr-the pound »	-	»	>—»■ ii>

Lignum jtfplialtiun^ the pound .	.j»»	■>*—» ji.

Lignum .thftdinm, the 110- pound

Lignum yitfc, tkdiaptott /	 >m*	xs>

Litharge, of gold, the 112 pound- *****

Litharge of silver, the 112 pound * r --------

Locufti the pound-	——r*

Lupines, tho impound - —

Lentills, .die . pound	'

Lapis contraverva, the ounce....:**

Lignum nepnretiaun, the pound •

Madder roots, nr rube* ris&onun,

pound tfa*/ ■	■	■	■*	**-

Manna, the pound- ■ *•»* '	*■

Marmclade, the-pound •

Maftick whitv the pound	■ »» «■	ilj	s.ivd;

Mafticlcied* the pound - ■■■**•	•—^js*	.

Mechoacan, the.pound'	*

Mercury fitblimat* the pound

Mercury pmdpitet; the pound

Methrioate Venetuu, the pound

Millium folia, the pound —-

Mirabolane* dry, the pound

Mirabolanes, condited the pound ’

Mirtlc berries the pound

Mummia, the pound

Muike, die ounce troy

Mufkecods, the dozen

Myrrha, the pound

Nygella, the pound

Nytrum, the pound

Nutmegs confuted, the pound

Nux de benne, the pound -

Nux cuprefli, the pound

Nux indica, the piece	——

Nux vomica, the pound -».....-

Nardus Celtics, or Spica Romans,

1 it pound. ■■ —	—

Nux pmi or grans pini, the pound -

Olibanum or inccnfe, the 112 pound -

Opium, the pound —— -

Ofipium huirredem, the pound

Orcant or almiet, the pound

flrmnnr ointment* the pound Oringe flower	^	^Qn

^Origanum, the pound ------------- m

m

.. 1

Ofla



3 Geo. i« c. 1

f

Anfto duodecimo Caroli II

“Ofla de corde cervi, the pound Oyleof amber, the pound .

Oyleof rofemary, the pound Oyle de bay, the 112 pound Oyie of mace or nutmegs, the pound Oyle de ben, the pound

fGco.x.£« 1$, ^

vOyle of Anke, the pound Oyle of almonds, 'the. pom

?

§ri

S Geo.?, c.i5.

I Geo,1. c.15.

r___pound

Oyje de feorptens, fche pound Oleum petrolium* the pound Oleum turpentine, the pound Orabus, the. pound •

Orpment or auripimentum, the 112 pound Panther, the pound	v

Panis pormims^ mJt cychmsn;

Peade teaten, the ounce troy Pellitdrie, the found ~—

Pepper long, tat pound- ■—

Perrofen,. nvdt frandunfeuce * -Piony feeds, the pound 7	—*

Piflachias or nux mfbehue, the pound ■

Pix Burgtmdia, the 112 pound -PoUntu mofrtanom, the pound

Polipodjum* the pound	——•

Pofrcgrumetpills, the jh pound Poppie feeds, thf pound* •

Precipitate, <vuit mercuric precipitate PfyUiuiu, the pound —4—

PruneUajes or-pntans of Bruholxa, the pound j t QuickfiJverj iUk argentum vivum Rhapontikuta, the pound ■ ■ ■ ■<

Radix ,efuJe, the pound -------—

Reread, the 112 pound Rhabarbarum or rubarbe, the pound Rofalger,, the pound, vidi armick RofTct, the pound Radix contra yerva, the pound Radix fc^orfionm, ^ pound Radix jfe^ns, the pound - —-—

Sal alkali, the pound — — ■

Sal armoniacum, the pound Sal gem, the pound	—-—-r

Sal niter, the pound	———	.

Sandracha pr gum (andracha, ot c junipep the hundred and twelve poun<

Sandiver, the 113 pound —...........

Sanguis draconis, the pound

Samparilla, the pound * -......,	.......

Saflatras wood or room, the hundred and \ twelve pound —... —	-- r

Saunders white, the pound Saunders yellow, the pound

Saunders red alias Hock, the 112 pound	-.i#\

Scamonie, vide diagredium	-

rScincus paring the piece —	iiij	d.

Sfordiujn,

).]	Anno	duodecimo	Caroli	II. 6,4:

Scordlum, the pound	——	—. vj d.

Scorpions, the piece ■■■ ■ * ’	------ iij d.

Sebeftines) the pound - »■—	.	j s.

Seeds for gardens of all forts, the poind — viij d.

Seler montantas, the pound	—-----viij d.

Semen cucumeris, cucurb. ckrttl. shelon the lb. viij d. Sena, the pound	■	—	ij s. vjd.

Soldonefi*, the p&ftnd '	'	■—	— —	viijd.

Sperma cacti fine, the pound	- — ■	y s.

Sperxna cacti courfe oylie, the 112 pound —- iiij 1, Spica celtica, %ride nardus celtica, or /pica )

Romans	■	—	 *

Sanguis hirci, the pound 1 Spicknard, the pound	—

Spodium, the pound	-

Spunges, the pound	—

Squills, the 112 pound -------

Squinanthum, the pound ■ ■ ■

Stechados, the pound —

Staphifager, the 112 pound Stibium* vide Snthnonium pfeparatmn Storax calamka, the pound Storax liquids, the pound Succus liquiritiac, the pound Sulphur vivum, the pound ———

^ Tamarindcs, the pound	——

Terra lemnia, the pound Terra figillata, the pound Thlafjpii femen, the pound Tornlall, the pound —

Trodfci de vipers, the ounce troy Treacle common, the pound Treacle of Venice* the pound Turbith, the pound	—

Turbith thapftac, the pound Turmerick, thepound — —

Turpentine of Venice, Sdoor Cyprus the J pound	■	—	—

Turpentine common, the 112 pound Talke white, the pound ■

Talke green, the pound	—

Vcrdijreece, the pound —

Vernim, the 112 pound Vermillion, vide cinabriuin Vitriolum romanum, the pound Vmber, the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound j 1 Vifcus queicinus, the pound	■	—	iv s



White lead, the i iz pound	— j 1.

Wormfeeds, the pound ---------—	  iij	s.

Zedoaria, the pound	—■	■ iij	s.

Xylobalfamum, vidt lentUcus	——

All druggs imported dire&ly from the place of their growth in Englifh-built (hipping, to be rated one turd part of what is charged in the book of rates, and no mope.

Diamonds, pearls, precious Hones and jewels, the ? hundred pound value	—	—J

ivd.

ivd.

xs.

SGeo.i. c.ij.

I Geo.i. ^.15.

6 Geo. *. c. 7.

Eariings,



Amo duodecimo CAiout. c. 42

E

tirEBM, the groce, coot. 12 dozen ‘Brick font*, by t|e thoa&ad

!

!

W



Flanders dies to foowr with,-the thoofthd Gaily tiles, tlx? (dot t > j -	—r-*-

Parting tiles, the thonfirnd

to

■ i I.-ji. ill. j«.

w . .	ig	/,

Tiles called pan tiles, the thoufaiuf	—	viij	|

All other lorn of earthen wan oot portico- "h larly etentioned, to pay for wry twenty V foillings value I s. 6d.	-i-—— )

Ergs, the hundred, cont. fix (core	■-	■	■	■	j^	,

Elephants teeth, the hundred, cont. 11 ? p<»qnd	^

Emery fiones, the hundredweight cont. no pound viiu Ebony wood, the hundred weight; coot, napooad j4.

a so.

* For corn, the piece

j \ of paper, the dozen.

iv

Feather* j voc‘	oftndge	feathers	nor J

j draft the. pound	■	■	»	J

vi $» viij ^

„ j for women and children FfemA-makiur,’ ? .. *

[ the dozen	•——	   j	v	*•

f for beds* the 112 pound

1------------   —A-- -1-MM a

jl.

i/L

ijl. nijs. ivi

}

15 Car.s. c. 7. r

M/r, That all forts rf fi/b Kngbjh taken and brought in EngH/hfoips, ought to fay no cufiom% as by the fiat, 10. Eiiz.

Keg

Leftridge or oftridge dreft, the pound Feather-beds old or new, the piece	—

Felts for cloaks. French-making, throe yards and an half long, one yard and an half

broad the felt	------

Fiddles for children, the dozen.

Fire-fhovels, the dozen	— -»■-	—-—

Fire-lhovel plates, the hundred weight cont. 112 lb.

Figuretto, the yard -------------------- ■■	■■■—

Files, the groce, containing twelve dozen ~Cod-fiin, the barrel Cod-fifh, the lad, cont. twelve barrels Cod-fifh, the hundred, cont. fix fcorc

Cods-heads, the barrel --------

Cole-fifh, the hundred,, cont. fix fade j fPimper celts, the barrel g I Shaft, kine or dole eoles the barrel g < Spruce eeles, the barrel TS I Stub eeles, the barrel . ! tQjlck eclc?, the foips lading

Gull fifli, the barrel.	—»----

Haddocks, the barrel

white, full or fhotten, the barrel -lite, full or fhotten, the left* cont. twelve barrels

the cade,. cont. joo L red, the laft, cont. 20 cade*

Lampreis, the piece

t

t

—j

I

.o.ETiz;

.cap. 5.	<31	g\	white,

i* ’g 1 twcl jg J red, t 55 f tV

ivh XV s.

xiija. ivd. xnjs. iv. I viijs. ivd. ijl.

xiijs. ivd.

if I *js- wll lij s.

JI.

H

Jl: **•

ijl.

ijl. »i»

X* 1. vjs. vijjd. v)*.- viij a. v&jt.'»<*•

vl.

viij s- iy^* ,

Vlljl. Vj5» ^d'

tiijd,

tfljl

Lfngsof all forts, the hundred, cont. fix fcore ifil« v)5, Newland f.lh fmall, the hand...coat fix fcore x*« Newland fiih, middle fort, the hund cont. 6 feofe jk

Newl^

|	AnnQ dnpdecupo Caholi	<?„,£

^wland ttik greats the hun4* cont (5 fcore j 1. x % lmon, $1$ barrel	——	■■■— ij 1.

ilmon girfes, the barrel ■	— xys.

rale fifh, t^e filh * ——	—— xiij a, ivd,

‘Crppljng, the hund. cont 6 fcore Croptiag the laft, coat* iooo I J Lubfifti, the hupd.cout fix leone «s j | Lubfifti, the laft, cont. loop —

> I Titling, toe hund* cont. fix fcore -5 LTitling, the laft* cont. idoo -Vhiung the barrel — — el, the yard

XU} 8.

xiij 5. iv<k

■	vj 1. xiij s. ivd. j I. vj 8. viijd. xiij 1. vj*. viif<L

■	jyjs. viijd*

•	iij 1. vj s, viij dL iiji. ivf

•	j 8. viij 4*

•	vs.

m



overed with leather, the dozgp -r~ overed with velvet, the dozen ■■ ■

>f horn the dogen ■' ■	—

Spruce, NJufcovie, and all fiiuc undrefi^ the hundredweight, cont. 11 z pound ^ — ireft or wrought flax* the hundred we^gh*’, containing 112 pound	■	' t-

ns to lead blood, the piece	■ ■ r—

cs, the hundred weight* cont. 112 pound ;s courfc, the gxoce* cont. 12 do$en —

te of Ireland, the yard --------- , ■——

ido, the piece* cont. 24 yards ^	-■ ■ ■ —

Armins, the tymber, cont 40 (kin*' ——

Badger firing* the piece -------- ■	■ —

Beare (kins black or red, the piece . ■	■	••

Beare (kins white, the piece	■ ■

Beaver (kins, the whole piece	—

Beaver wOmbes, the piece ——* r rr ‘white taw’d, the hundred* coot, five 7

foqrc (kina ---------  ^	■■ — S

black tawed, the dozen (kins . — black untawed, the hundred, con v five )	•

fcore (kins ---------•;	 J	11,K

Poules the for, cont. 4pains --------jL

Navem, the hundred legs, cont five fcore viifa. iiij d„ Ruraney, the hund. legs, cont five fcore v>* viij d, k. untawed, the tymber, cont 40 (kins - vj s. viiy d, tawed, the tymber, cont 40 dins — viij s. feafoned, the paine »■ —	—— jl.

^	painer •:-------------------  xijs.	vj ck

* (kins, the hundred* cont five (core — ij 1.

2	poults* the hundred, cont. five fcore - j h <j poults, the mantle ——	——— vj s. iij dU

wombes, the paines or mantle	— vj s. iij d.

Dokeros, the tymber, cont. 40 Hunt ■ -— xiijt. ivcb j the tymber, cant- 40 (kins — xiijfs. ivd.

( the paine or mantle	 xijs.	vjd.

ithe black fox (kin —	■ ■■■— x I.

the ordinary (kin	——	— j;s. ivd-

the pain or mantle —	—~ xv s.	1

wombes, poules, or pieces the pain — x s.

Foyncs backs the dozen	—*	— xiij s. iv d.

tFoynes tailes, the pain or mantle ■■■■*- xsjs. vjd.

Foynes

xs.

« C .of fpruce or danike the nett, 'Jg <. three chelb _

O £ painted Ae dozen

^pno dyodccimo Garcli II. G.4;	[166^

containing | j.|

i final! the piece (kuwthepifee

Chimney-back*

China- peafc *he pqunl , * ’ — (Chizcls for joiner?,-f J Citterns, the dozen.

jChizels for joiner?,-the dozen y	—rV})**-

the dozen-	#	. "I'T

C the jmaU hundred, gontaininfc fix- J ' '; ~' CUphouIt. \ /core. v . ... c: ’

1 - 6r < thering, xont. two fmall hundced Clapboard / the ; great hundreds catf. twenty^

/J.ilL.	‘	v —

Claricords" the pair ~ Xi.	*	-

Cloa^eapf Felt jthej>iqce 3 r of wbolen

x. I,

—	IJ. I.;

—	vj..s. my.

—	xuj. f.» liij. d. iij s; ivd*.

1..1

x.s.

All manner bi

?$!:» j.j, ^

«*/»!*; ini 4)i •' %.k '

clotbaUappjtfd	•<>	•	THj.	1.	***.

f TOcatfSyjyeiftyr^ar. .Camg^hfi A coqteheale the

pound

*j. Cocheneale <of..al| fer» tf--w(£en«al§

“ ““ "I 'Sy^vefler and. Campeache co- ' L, ch$iy(fle,; thp pound

.. • » vj.	ftviij.d.	:

Coals of Scotland tlteJOn f coveredyfit|j gilt:i<»«bV| fi \ covered y»ifAYeIvjK,'lhf;dp5sea

..y,

• L ’	.	i

- vj. s. viiLde

-ju

o

< with iron bhrsx	Oont.	1

hhi ‘	-

-1 7 1.»1

pfeifttbie * neft,} dbntainihg Jthree cotters Lp/Uittedthe n^,Po»t:.three coffers^

Comafhes. .out of Tcpk$y* .the piece	-

""for wdtfl the pit, old-or new' of bone jhft pound	— .; Mt? i:j:t iv.p.

of box th^ groce^,/?fi|it, j a dote*	4'	» * x.

J

y

iv.l ^ xij. s.

- xii^. a. i*r * d

?*M- -

jar**

-V.- 5»* 1

voc:1ighfw0o<qct)mbes the groee, contain-. I .	•••	yj

inf .V* dozen ------~—	‘ yrrsrv- J	?

of hitoefor barbers, the doz^e. of ivorip, the.pound

Lvocat. h0r/e4combs, the dozen-	—r

Comfets the pourtcL 1 ,r - -■—>	»	.*.rr^

v	Cofiron-for	carpenters^ the dozen

CbittjafifisXsOf. brais, the dozen

s8<

5ui Cl

P'

ij. •• x-su :

-

► i>s. %

' iv. a.

vij . s. yy d*

X, 5.

ij. s*

vj. $. yiij. d. XV. s.

t*for Aips, the dozen — ; ., —^ unv^rovghx.bricks'Orplaths round* or /qwe, 1 the Jumdred weight cont* . j i z pound; > or rofe copper 4.v	\	—	J

chainos, the.chaine -	■	—	—	--—r-

_purles or plate the marke .,^----------------

Copperas greea the hundred weight, containing ?

1 112 pound. ./ ——*:	—-—	J

Cordage or ropes tarred or untarred the hundred ?	...	A

' weight, .containing lta pound----->—r- J	*! “V’*1:

r* i ^ i 1 S of iron the thoufand	*—- ■ vj. s. viij. d..	*

porke jacks | 0f aeej ^ thoufaitd -------~------ j. 1. xilj. s. iv. d^

for fhoemakerv the <lozen piece* —----------iv. s.

of all other forts the hundred weight, con-J • e ••. j taining H2 pound	-	•	_	|	^j.s.viy.d.

2M

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c>^

> V.

yj.«, viij. 4.,

f Bj< (• iv. d»

V. I .

*660.]

’"Wheat imported not exceeding the price of five; shillings fix-pence the hnfhel at the place of importation b^nthe bnfhel —	—	-■

J When it (halt exceed that rate by the

L quarter *	■	- ■■■ -■	'	—-----_

("Imported fiOt exceeding the price of] four shillings fix pence the.bufliel at the place of importation by the

bulhel,	  ■	*—■

I when it shall exceed that rate by the

Siarter ,	—:—r	4

Imported, not' exceeding the f price Of three shillings fix pence the bujhel at the place Of importation iij.s. iiij. £ by

thebMhd ------------■	 ^

exceed that rate, by $£ quarter Coverlets of Scotland, the piece.

Counters of latin, the pound f ladu the pound Crofbow < thteeSd, the poun4

. ( racks, the piece — f of ftotfe without covers, the hundred,)

Crufes < containing five (core -	«■-	■	J

I offtone with covers, the hund.cont.5 (cere 1. vj.*. vilLdi.

Cu(hians of Scotland, the dozen ..........-	■	■	jr.s.

----- ij.K x. s. ‘

— mi. *.s.



“is. iv.^l.

y. s. xv. a.

J. 8.

vHj. d.’

viij.d,

x. s.

*. s.

Cuftien-cloths k "nrfe* *e d°z“

I of tapeftiy, the dozen

Cuttle bones, the thoufana

j*l* vi. s. viij.d.

Daggs with fire locks, or fnaphances, the piece j. L

i blades, the dozen ■ —■■	   -	vj.

for children the dozen	■	■	■■	riij.	#•

of bone for children the dozen .	■	■	■	■ - if- s.

black, with velvet (heaths, the dozen - iij.l* ~u with, velvet (heaths, the dozen — iiij. I.

___J___1^	.1.	1___1—J________ R-	 '

j? f" Meabro-deah, the hundred, cont. fix-fcore g \ Norwayrdeals, the hundred, cont. fix-fcore, 5 < Burgendorp^deals, the hundred, containing ) ““ I fix-fcore	■ f ■	■	■■■	■	j

L Spruce-deals, the hundred, cont. fix-fcore f or ftayes for bopks, the dozen

1

<2 3 !<>r women to work on, covered with wool- )

p J len, the piece ■■ ■ —	 J

^for women, covered with velvet, the piece tv , C wood, the dozen —

V {.of bone, the dozen —

Dimity, the yard	■.	-	-

Dogs of earth, the grace, cont. twelve dozen ^ f with caddas the piece, cont. fifteen yards •g J with filk the piece, cont. fifteen yarns © ] with wool the piece, cont. fifteen yards £3 Lwith thred the piece, cont. fifteen yards

v. 1.

xij.l.

XT. J. Ulj.S.

v.s.

viij. d^

375.

5 Ann. c. t.

5 Ann.*. I,



17$

Jornix

Anno duodecimo Oaroli II. 0.4.'

. J French-making, the ell I French-making, the yard

V__1__I ____

[x66or

Dugeon, die hundred pieces, containing five-fcore j, 1.

ij. s. rj.d. lj.S.

Durance or ( with thred, the yard Duretty ( with filk, the yard Dutties,' the piece	—

f Acacia, the popnd	«rr—-

Acorus, the pound lalbui

f Qpq.v, c.i



e

g

a

2

Vj. s, X. 9

i:.!-

1UJ. I* js.

viij.d,

vj.d.

• •• j

vuj.dr

Adiadtum album, the pound Adiantum nigrum, the pound Agaricus or agaricjc,	or	parfd,	the	) .,

pound	*	'	■	■	■	y	J f

Agaricus rough or unttym’d, the	poun4	— v* «•

Agnus caftus feeds, the pound ■ ■	■ j. s.

Alkanet fpqts, jhc pound ■	■■■ ■	— j, s.

Aloes-cicotrina, the pound	■■■■	v.	s.

Aloes-fpatica, the pound —	  ij.	s.

Allum jroniih or roch, the hundred, con- . «’ taining 112 pound	-'	»—■—	7	'

Amberjgrcecs clack or grey, the ounce i ...«

troy ■■ ■■■ ■	>	■	■	■■	■	■	^

Ameos feed, the ppond 1 ■■■	7-—	yiij.d.

Amomi feeds, the ppjund -------------  »	--»■	vuj.d. ,

Anacardiura, the pound — -	~	iijs.	iiijd*

Angelica, the pound .	  e-r—	js.

Antimpniunj prudum, the hundred weight, J -« containing 112 pound - —— ^ —-	J * f

Antimoniutn preparatum or ftibium, the f

pound	   —

Argentum fublime or limum, the pound,

^uickiilvet ■ —‘	—7-

Anftolochia longa and rotunda, the pound j 8. iiij d. Arfnick white or yellow, or rofalger, the j, jy: ^

pound	     J	/	*

Alarum roots, the pound -	  ■	«	j	s

Afpalathus, the pound —	■	>— j s. vj d.

Ada fotida, $he pound ------------------------------  j	s.	ij d;

Almonds bitter, the hundred weight, cont. ) -m •

ii2poun4 ■■ ■■ ■ ■	 y	J	*

Alumen plume, thp pound	*—	—	j	s.

Balauflium, "the pougd ■■■. . ■—:	  ijs.	yjd.

Balfamum artificial, the p4ug4 -----------iij s. liijd.

Balfamum natural, the pound	7	—	■	■■	x	s.

Bay berries, the 112 pound	—-—1xiij s. iiij d.

Barley huld or French barjpy, the ji* ) ■ •

pound (a)	 •.	,	  j	*	*

Bdel]ium, the pound ■■ —*	 ij	s.	vj d.

Bcnalbum or rubrjim, the pound — — ij s;

Benjamin of all forts, the pound ---------v s.

B^zer (lone of the Eaft-India, the ounce

(a) 7 Sc S W. 3. c. 20,

» I viijd. d>or[ iijs.

j »jl.

g£6o.] Anno duodecimo Garoli il. c. 4, r Benner ftonc of the.Weft-India, the opnee 1

*

I

troy

Black leade, the j. 12 . pound Blata Bizantia, the pound

s

XSe

ooun<

Callamus, .the pound - —— Camplure refined, the pound Camphire unrefined, the pound Cancri oculus, the pou nd Cantarides, the pound .

Caraway feed?, pfieuipound Cardaskomes, (he pound Carpo balfiuni, the pound . ~ Carrabej or fuccinpm, the pound ' Carthamus feeds, (he pound — Caflia fiftula, the pound, of all fort? Caflia lignea, the pound



jl. x $.

_______	.	,	ij «•

Bolus communis, or armoniacus, the hun-1	.	....

dred weight, coat 112 pound ,	 J	y*

Bolus verns the pound, or fine hole «» * — viij d.

Borax in pafte or. unrefined, 'commonly) -35	3	«	.

called TincknU,. the pound. -------------f ... \T

Borax refined, the pound	■	1	—	—	xiij	s. iiij d;

Bunkins, holliwortles or piftolachia, the J ^ ^ ^

••• 1

vuj d. vs.

ij s. yj d. • ivs.’ vs.

il. iVs.

UJ8.

* iva; j s. , viij d.

j s. vjid. . ; j s. viij do , xs.

j 1. x s.

vj s. viij dp XI *> ,

Caftoreum or hevor cods, the pound CerufTa, the IJ2 pound .	■■	■	»	■

China roots, the. pound . —

Ciceres white and red, the pound

Ciperus longus U rotundas, the 112 pound jj. *iij s. ivid, Ciperus nuts, the pound ■ ■■	■■■ viij. d.

Civet, the ounce troy t ■■ *	■	—	ij 1.

Coculus Indis, the pound ■_	..	—	ij s.

Coloquintida, thejxmnd ——• .	—	ij s.;

Coral, red or white in fragments, forphy-? ....	.	,

ficalufe, the pound *	^----LLJ “J*- "d. !

Coral whole, the pound	—	j L

Coriander feeds, the one hundred and? . .

twelve pound —	•—— J J .

Cortex guaci, the 112 pound	■ ■ ■ ■ - iij 1. .

Cortex caperum, the pound . »■'—— j s.	?

Cortex tamcrifci, the pound ■ —	—« viij d.

Cortex mandragone, the pound ............-	■ ij s.

Cofcns dulcis and amarns, the pound -is. viij d. Cubebs, the pound —	—■	— j s. ivd.

Cumminfeed, the 112pound	—— jl. xiye* ivd.

Cufcnta, the pound	-——	- ■ ■ — j s.

Cyclamen or panis pordnus, the pound Citrago, the pound	——

Cetrach, the pound ^

Cinabrum or vermilion, the pound f white, the 112 pound Copperas < blew, of Danlke or Hungary, )

{ the 112 pound ..—.. — J Cambogium or gutta gambse, the pound - iij s. iv d. .Chryftalin broken pieces forphyfick ufes,per lb. iij s. iv d.

•	' ‘	*	,r	•'	Carlina,

xij s.

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c.4.

[1660.

TheRATES of MERCHANDIZE, that is to fay. The fubfidy of tonnage, the fubfidy of poundage, and the fubfidy of woolen cloths or old-drapery, as they are rated and agreed on by the commons houfe of parliament. Set down and expreft in this book, to be paid according to the tenor of the a£t of tonnage and poundage, from the 24th day of June inclufively, in the twelfth year of his Majesty’s reign, during his Majesty’s life, and iubicribed with the hand of Sir	HarebotlGrimfton baronet,

fpeaker of the houfe of commons.

i> Geo.i. c.7.

Rates Inwards.

A

ADZES for coopers, the dozen —	■	—

Aggets finall as a beane, the C. dozen

Aggets large, the piece ■ -	—----

Alphabets the fet, containing twenty-four —— Allum the hundred weight, cont. nz pound Alpifti, or canary-feed, the hundred weight, 7 containing nz pound	——	—	J

i> f the pound ■	■	■	■	-	——

"g < the mail, cont. two pound and an half — < (beades the pound —	■■	■

,	Anchoves,	the little barrel ■■ ■ ■ ■	—-----

Andirons \	----

( ot iron, the pure	—	■—

Andlets, or males, the pound --------- ■■	----

Anvils, the hundred weight, cont. 112 pounds -

Aneile of Barbary, the pound ■	—	■	■	—

8Geo.i. c.ic. Annotto, the pound •----------------- -	-■	-

„ f the bufhel	-	-■■■	.	--------

*2^ \ the barrel, containing three bufhels ■	■	—

IGco.i.c.ao. 0.1 vocat. pippins, or nnnets the barrel con- )

** £ Gaining three bufliels	■	—	J

A .	\ the barrel ------------ ■	■	....

Aqua-vitx { ^ hoglhead

XIj. 3.

xiij. s. iiij. d. vj. d.

V. s.

ij.l.

iij.l. xv. s.

iij.s. viij.d. viij.s. iiij. d.

vj. d.

8 Geo.i* c. 15.

»o& 11 W. 3. c. 11.

Argali white and red: or powder, the hundred )

weight, containing 112 pound —	  }

Armour old, the hundred weight, containing 5 112 pound	——	- — ■■ y

Arrowes for trunks the groce, cont. twelve dozen 8 f pot-alhes the barrel, containing two hun-* J dred weight' —	-	—

J j wood or foap-alhes the laft, containing 12

barrels	----- -

Aule-blades, the thousand ■	■	■	*	—

Aulgers for carpenters, the groce — ■ ■

Axes or hatchets, the dozen ------------ -	—-

x.s. vij.s. j. s.

X. s. iij. s.

XV. s. j.s. vj.d. j. s. iiij. d. j.s.

iij.s. '

ij.l. xiij.s.iiij.d. iiij. 1.

j.l. iij.s. iiij.d. j.i.

vj. s. viij. d. j.l. v. s.

vj.l.

xiij.s. iiij.d.

j-.1- ... .

vj. s. viij.d.

B

Babies, or puppets for children, the groce, con- ) taining 12 dozen	r-----------j

xvij.s. x. d.

Babies,

Annb duodecimo Caroii It. 6 4.

xiij.s. iiij.ci.

pay

fixtcen |

tiij/cU

Babies beads of fcarth, the dozen AH other toys for children, to pence in twenty shillings talhe

S	f of Iceland, the flitch	——	----- v.s.

1 ofWeftphaliaahdHaiAborough, of thelike; 7 . .

I the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound J * v*m f great the hundred, cohtiinmg 120	—:—-	xij. 1.

middle, the hundred, containing 126	—	v. I.

' fmall, the hundred, containing 120	—	ij. I.

•« ’ C with locks the dozen -	ijj.I. viij.s.

9	\ with fteele rings without locks; the dozth j.l. xij. s.

r Gold balances the groce, contain T,	I ing 12 dozen pair

< Ounce balances the groce,

** J taining 12 dozen pair -	^.............

£ the fort containing 4 dozen	- - iij.1. xj.s. ij. di

Sails | Tennis ball!, thethoufand -	—— ij. 1.

vocat. j wafhing-balls the gtbce,’ Cbirt. 12 dozen ij. I.

Bandeliers the 100, containing five fcore *— xvj. s. viij d.

Band-firings, the dozen knot* --------—	x. Si

Bands* vocat. Flandfcrs Bind* of bone-lact the b&nd x. 1. *

Bands outwork, of Flanders, or any other country xx. I.

Bankets of verdure, the dozen pieces * "■■■— iy. I.

Barbers aprons, or checks, the piece, not abOte 7 f

ten yarcls	. —— -	    3	\ ' *

Barlings the hundred, containing 120	*	■■■	■	-	j.l. xiij.s. lv.d;

Barley, *vtdt corn Barillii

;	♦.!. rj.*. iuj.d:

we, con- 1 ij. f. jdij.g. iiij.d,

^	1	*	••	J	.

or ftphora to make glaffl* the barrel, 1 • j containing two hundred weight ~------------ J

Bafket-rods, she bundle

vj.s. viij.d.

Bafkets; vocat. hand bSikets,1 ot (ports the do&en iij.-s; iv. d. Bafons of lattin, the pound -	■ — i.s. iv.d.

<§ t or ftraw-hats knotted, the dozen ■ Tf* ••

« ( or firaw-hats plain, the dozen » -■■■.. j. s. vj. d.

Ball (^er°P«..	 ^	*------- ^,d-

Cl .

tooes j “*c	containing	10 ropes	-	v. s.

^ l the hundred weight, cont. 112 $ound viij. s. Batterie, bafhrons, or kettles* weight, cont. 112 pound Bayes of Florence, per yard "of amber the poand of bone, the great groce, containing 12 7

fmall groce -------------- *—*— J

of box the great groce —	--------

3	^ of coral the pound -■ ■— ■	*-------

~ of chrifial the thoufand	~	^	■

of glafs and wood all forts the, great

W

groce

^of jafper lquare the hundred ftonfe Beaupers the piece, cont. 24 or 25 yards *£ 1 of Ireland or Scotland the barrel (a)

M ( or pork of Ireland or Scotland per ton - vj.T Bells vocat. Hawks belli, French*fnakiftg, the 7 dozen pair	------ —...	.. *1	J

V. %i

Sells

.	369

!

Voi. VII.

(It) j Ann. i.

B b

§

«

Anno duodecimo CaRoII. c.4.1	£1660.

the 1 .. _

___J »!•*•

‘Hawks bells, Norembourgh-making, dozen pair.

Horfe bells the (mail groce, cont. 12 dozen x.s.

Dog bells the finall groce, cont. 12 dozen j. a. iv^d. Morrice bells the fmall groce, cont. 12 dozen v. s.

LClapper bells the pound	—	—j.s.

Bell metal the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound j.l. xiij s. tv. d.

Bellowes the pair	—	------ fij.s. iy. d*

Bitts for bridles the dozen ■	—-	— j.l.

Blacking or lamp-black the hundred weight, ) .	.

containing 112 pound ‘ -------- ■	■-}	IV* *"

tiUnWt* C Paris mantles coloured, the mantle j#L vLs.' viij.d* 4 Paris mantles, or others uncoloured, 1 . f

tocar- £ the mantle --------------- ------

(“barrel boards the hundred, cont. 120	—	v.s,

§	I	clapboards the hundred, cont. 120 boards	-	xv.s.

►	J	paftboards for books the thousand -	-	xiij;s. iy.d.

*8	f	pipe boards or pipe holt the hundred, ?	. .

§	1 containing 120 boards	■ ■ —	J	J*1*

«	Lwhite boards for lhoemakers the board	-	}.s+

Bodkins the finall groce, containing 12 doaen - vj. s. viij. d. Bomefpars the hundred, containing 120	—-

t narrow the fingle piece not above

\	15	yards	■	---------

< broad the fingle piece not above

|	15	yards	.. ---- ——

(.of filk <vidt Hike -■ ■ —

f the baiket or maund, con->,	...	.

Books unbound < taining 8 bales or 2 fats - J

^ the fat. cont. half a maund — iv. 1.

Bofies for' bridles the finall groce, cont. 12 dozen j, 1.

Botanoes per piece ■	-	■■■■■	x.s.

“of earth or ftone the dozen	»	■■■—	v. s.

Boratoes or Bombafines

*<

r

of glade covered with wicker the dozen —j.l. of glafs with vices covered with leather)

the dozen	■	■	  J

of giafs uncovered the^ dozen -	■	■■

of wood, vocat. fucking bottles the groce |

IV. I. x; s.

iv.». vj~<&

X. s.

m 1

w

V11J. s.

viij. L x.s.

j.l.

containing 12 dozen

Boultel I rains the Piccc -r— b ------------------

' I the bale containing twenty pieces —

Bowes,- vocat. ftone-bowes of fteel, timepiece - -

Bow-flaves the hundred,, xont. fix fcore kayos - iy. 1,

f fire, or tkider-boxes the groce, containing )

” 1 twelve dozen boxes. -	>

Ned boxes the groce, containing twelve 1 ... ,

^ dozen nefts	-	-	.	.	-	J	llJ#	’

=pepper-boxes the groce, containing iz do-). . . ..

zen boxes	------r	—---$	*	*

Spice bpxcs the dozen ---------- —— vjrs

round boxes, or French boxes for marmc

8 ^ lade or gelly, the dozen -■ ■■■■ -■■■

® Sand-boxes the groce* cont. 12 dozen

Soap-boxes the ihock, containing three-) n. ,

-	•	>	ij.

s. vj.dv

)	.	•	j

_ > IV. s. vj. cw

j.l.

fcore boxes 6

Boxes

XV. s.

i-T •

j. I. X. w

iv. s.

iv. 8.

j. 9.' iv.’di j.2. xij. s.

X. 8.

j l. .

4•

xxjk 8.

s. vfij. i:

i&tio.j Anno (iuodedmb CAUdii IL c. 4<

r touch-boxfe* covered with leather, the dozen iij. s.

5 \ touch-boxes covered with velvet,' the dqzca Sc J touch-boxes of iron ot other metal, guilt, 7 j the dozen	*	J

tobacco-boxes thegTOce, cont. r* dozen

f of glalst we fmall groce, cootdig •

Bracelets or J ing 12 bundles of dickers Neck-laces ] red The fin^ll groce, containing >

L 1 z bundles 6r dickers - - j g f laver cocks the pound — ^	——

^ 1 pile heights the pound *	■	■■■»	. .....

f* j trumpets the dozen	—7—»	■ —

to (jainpes the dozen	—	  ^

Bridles the dozen *	.

Branches of lattSh Oj copper,* die grace contain- > in M2 dozfeh	' ■ ■■ ■ —■»	■ ■ ■ -■ — ) :

’‘beard brufhes the gtoCe, iont. rz dozen ^ of heath courfe the dozen - ' g of heath fine. Or “head brnfhes; the dozed -g of haira^&Ifcd headbruQies, the dozen — g < of heath voeat. rubbing 'brufhes, the dozdn { of haire vdcat. comb-brtuhes, the groce con- 7 5 I taining ra dozen	^	-	f

w J of haire tfocat. Weavers bruftes dlte dozen -Lof haire Vocat. rubbing brulhes the dozen * Brimftone the hundred weight; cont. 1 iz pound

J** f of Germany; dr fine per piece , . — ■■■

\ of the eaft country the roule or ha1£pietfe -u | of French-making the dozen pieces (a)	~

pq l^vocat. Carrieke buckrams the fhort piece t f for girdles the fmall grace, cont. 7

Buckles 4	12 dozen .  -------- ----------J

(for girthes the grace, coAt. rz dozen.

Buifins, Mo- f narrow the ftngle piece, not a-

cadoes,' and J bove fifteen yards ------------

Lile Gro- jj broad the finglepiece; hbt above grams.	(_ fifteen yards	^

Bugafines Or calico buckrams the half jtfebf - ~ f fjreht the pound —’ ■

Bugle < Snail or feed bugle the pound	—— -	■

£ lice the pound	■■	—-—-

Bullions for purfes die grace* containing 12 do&n

Bull rufties tne load "	—~ -	------

Burrs fdr inilMloAA* the hundred, containing five 7

fcore	"	_------	'	j

Bulkins of leather the dokeft paira ■— —

Buftians the lingle piece, not above fifteen yards

C the barrel'	  —	-------

Birtter< of Iceland the hundred Weight, con-7

£ taining 112 pounds -----------------. j

Buttons of brafs,lteel, copper or Tattin, the great 7 grace, containing twelve fmall groce, every >

grdte> 12 dozen —«	 \

B b 2

97*>

yj. s. Vlq.d.' j. s:

xiij.s. iv.d.

v: 1.

j. 8. iv.'d. vj. s.viij.d; v. s.

X. s. x. s. v.S.

ij« I. x: s:* ij. s*

j.l.

vij.s. vj. d.' iij. 1.

iv

. f.

X. s.

X. s.

^ 1. Xi^a. ivd.

' Buttons

(a)	c.	is,

37»

!«(

3

«

Anno duddecimo CARori tl; c. £

“of chryftal the dozen — ■	—

of glatte the great groce, containing twelve unall groce ■ —	■■	~

of three! the great groce, containing twelve

foiali groce : the ere fmall

of filk the great gtoce, containing twelve I groce	——	-

of fine oamaike work the dozen

of bugle the dozen for handkerchers the groce, cont. 12 dozen ofhairc the gtocer cont. 12dozen 1 ■«•■■■■

v

Cabinets 5 or countores imall t&e piece — 9 ( or countores large the piece — Cables tarred or no tarred the hundred weight,

containing 112 pound	——	----

Caddas or Cruell ribband the dozen pieces, every piece containing 36 yard*

Calve {kins in the haire the piece Cabogiuin, wiV&Druggs —

x. <L

Cabogiuin, •vide Uruggs —	—*

Cameletto half filk, half haire, the yard Candles of tallow the pound -	-	-■■■-

Candle plates, or wallers of brafe or lattin the ) pound	-	-	-y

Candleftickt i of br^s or lattin the pound -I of wire the dozen -Candleweeke the hundred weight, cont. 112) pound	-	-	—	3

Ciulicoes fine or courfe the piece «.	-

Canes or reeds the thoufand	-	—

Cane, of wood j ^ cont. ^ ^	~

Cant fparrs the hundred, cont.	fix	(core	-

Capers the pound	-	-

Capravens the hundred, cont.	fix	fcore	—

Cap-hookes, or hooke-ends the groce, cont. izdoz. ^ f double turfed, or cockaredcaps the dozen -^ for children the dozen .	-

nightcaps of fattin and velvet the dozen -nightcaps of filk knit the dozen	-	*

nightcaps of woolen the dozen	-	-

nightcaps of linen the dozen -	-

f playing cards the groce, containing 12 } Cards \ dozen paire -	-	-	J

\ocat. ) wool cards pld the dozen paire	—■

I wool cards new the dozen paire --------

of Tonney the piece* containing two yards ) and a half long —	-	-	J

w of Scotland the piece (b) 4	-	—

► 1 of Cornix the carpet two yards and a half) 5 » long	-	-	—	J

Eiec* *	.	}

s*

u

n

O

one

Brunfwicke carpets flript and unfiript the Cfiina of cottoA courfe the piece -	—	vt	s»

x.s. iij. d.

j.s. iv.d.

j. 8. iv. 9. vj. a. viij.d.

iff.l. x.s.

x*s*

i>K x.s. iv.-*.

H

j.L xiij.s.

vi.	d,

iij.l. xiij.s.iv.d.

XV. 8.

ij. 1. viij~s. j. 1. iij. 1. iv. 1.

j-.!;

vuj. 8.

VjM.

vj.	s. x.s.

j. 1. xs. xiijs. ivd» jl. VI.

xs.

(b) 5 Ann, c, t.

Carpets

i66o.]

Ahno duodecimo Cakolx II.

Carpets

vocat.

5Gentifh-the doten	-

Turkey or Venice (hort the piece -Turkey or Venice long, containing? four yards And upwards	—J

c.4*

iij. 1. j. 1. x.s.

viij. 1.

tof Periia the yard Iquare, the yard - ij.l. v.s.

Cafes for looking glades gilt

Carrells the piece, containing 15 yards*	-	j;l. vi.s. viij. 4.

}C&f N# 3 and 4 the dozen	-	iv. s.

\ of N* 5 and 6 the dozen	-	vij. s.

< of'N#7 and 8 the dozen	—	x.s.

rZl^ !°} J;>•	•• -i

of N# 3 and a the dozen - ij.sl of and o the dozen . — qj.s. vj.d. of N°7 and 8 the dozen - v.s. pf N° 9 and 10 the dozen - xvi. s. viij.d. 'with wooded conijjs ^arnifeed the dozen — j. 1.

__* -1	/*	.	11	*_i-	-— l.	^	■

j.l. yj.s. viij.d.

Cafes for looking; glaf&dhgilt

with finall ivotle combs garnilhed the dozen	1

with, middle fort ivorie combe gami&ed the dozen ‘	-	-	1

with large izqrie fombp ganxi&ed the) dozen : ^ for combe Angle the grace, cont. 12 dozen'

1 forcoipbidoublethegroce, cont. 12dozen fyr fpe&aclcs gHt the gioce, Containing X raf dozen	—	-

foripeftades ungilt the groce, cont. 12 dozen xiij. s*. iv. d-for needlies or pro-cafes uiegroce, contain-7

..J

ij.l, iv.i.;,

j i 1. ■

<< ,

j. l. vj.s, viij> d.,

ing 1 a dozen

- Vs* 8.

Ijfor needles French-guilt the dozen

Ireland into- England* ^ -j

^ *iij. a. iv. d.

Cattel ( imported from great ( a-piece after the rate of •, f of iron finall the dozen

.L x.s‘

5 j of iron midilefort; the dozen -"3 I of ir

-	j.l. X.9.

-	ij.l. yiij.s.

„ iron large, t^e dozen •	-	\-	iaj.1.

^ I of fteel, the doze?	-	’	-	'	-	vj.	1.

Caviare the hundredweight, cont. 112 pound - j.l.

.	{ of linen for women, the dozen — viij. s,

cauls 1 0f gifc, the dozen	—	*	-	j;l.	vijj.d.

' filk, the dozen Cefteme of lattin, the pound

Chaffing-difhc* 1	°T ,»*tin* the P00™1

6	(Of iron, the dozen

Chain* \ ?r OT vto«> dozen “ *	( for dogs, courfe, the dozen

Chairs of walnut-tree, die piece -	-

f unwatered or mohairs, the yrfrd	-

Chamlets < watered, the yard	-	-

[ half filk half hair, the yard -

Cheefe the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound -

Cherries the hundredweight, cont. 112 bound

Cfhcfs-boards, the dozen	-	-

Chefs-men the groce, cont. twelve dozen —

^ C of iron fmall or middle fort the piece

£ < of iron large tl^e piece -

f3 (of Cyprus wood the neft, cont. three cheils

B b 3

j.s. iv. d. j. s, iv.d. xiij. s. ivi d., viij. s. iij. s. iv. d. x.s. iij. s. v. s. x. s.

vj. s. viij. d.

4\L

J*.!*

Xlj.S.

V. 1.

- vj. 1. xiij. 6. iv,d* 1 viij. 1,

Cht&K

37*.

duodecimo CAR«tI H. c.p [i66q+.

^5 f pf fpruc? or danflte the neft, containing J *. j ^

'Jg j. three chtfo .	——	.	—	)	„	*	i	*' *

O / painted the doaea . -■■■« ■ *■ -	“	y*	•*;

k -V'5 faali l^e piece	“

Cimney-back, j	.	__

China peafe $he pound ,	—

jChizels for joiner!, -the dopca Citterns, the doaen.

vj.a. auj.

%«t	Am	.

xuj. %.. uij. d. uj s; ivd,.

f the. /mail hundred, containing fix- ) \

• * t •

Claphoult l /core btjafd*•.

j) \



^Qco.^.e.15.

$ Ann, c, S.

“ dr < the ring, xont. two fmall hundred J-Clapboard / the; great hundred* catf, twenty;- 9	...	.

. L fchfrbPtartwT-. >—r I ?J*?;,;

Claricords the.pair-	^	-	.	;	:	■■	f1	*hj»*«.iiu,d3i

Cloakeiof Felt thepiqce . 3 -—...........  sii*	ijj. 1.

All manner of wbaldi clpths.imported per yard .. iij, 1. ,x>,*.* •vpcatfSrfyeger^or qampa^hja.1 ?	,	.

1 eo^eneale the pound f.	-	f	M* ^ f -	f

' ^.-co^enealStfx^ptS	,	*

and Campeache co- > vj.s. viij<d. ■'

i±oi«Oe,: the pound : t) 1

oaisor Scotland tl^e-ton *"‘ d-'	_	«—— vi, s. vi^d.

rcovered^th gilt.AfrdOjWii? =ri. - ifih \ covered \withreI»K,’thf;do3ten. .x^-rfi —. jv. 1.

< with iron barsf	«°nt.	three	.floors	j, 1, jdj. *.	.

hphia the - nett,) Containihg. three coffers	xii/. s. iv» d. .

tpfuiuedthe n^,...do#t-.»hwe cofew.-rfi >•• r-« i«^s. ,	•	.

jComafhes. -out of Turkey,--the piece ' *'	•	.iv.J.

' "fer wool the pair, old-or new" -	—v. s. •,

of bone jhft pound .. —	..'b;?	iv,a.

' ' f vpcatf&rfyefit

• A codheneaie 1

Gocheneale < ofalj

"** 1 ^yfcrcftcr at

t chyeXjc,: |1 Coals of Scoriaird

of box the grocej^copt* i a dote*

x.s.

2 I voc:lightwBcKDcOmbcs the grqce, conpdo- i - -	...	y

IS ing .Tz dozS	—^	• ww- ^5-T,,*d?.

ri	of b^nefor barbers,	thedoatt*	. •.	r ^	f.	,

of ivorip, tbe.pound	* *•——	,	.rr—	X.A*	;

^vocat. torfe-combs, the dozen-	■—tt—..iv.*. .

Comfets the potmrtd '	  1	*	»	^Va.‘

v	f.of ironibr carp«uets?. the. dozen. - ij. s«

CbmjJaflesx.ofl hrafs, the	dozen -	*	»—>■' ■	iv. a.

t for ihips, the	dozen --	;u	. ——	vij. a.	v>. d.



T unvrtroiight bricks'Or platba roond: or/quve, 1 b l.i/the hundred weight coots J 12 poi)nd;.> x, ar.

Ann. c. 18. frS ^ or rofe copper V >.	*.	—	—	3	J	’

ij. s.

vj. 5. yiij. d,

_	:ofe	copper	.

(5 I chaines,' the. chaine

Cpurles or plate the marke

Copperas greea ^he hundred weighs cpnt 112 pound

XV. s.

Cordage of ropes tarred'or untarred the hundred J ..

' weight, containing 112 pound 11 ‘	■	■ •?- J 5# U}1'

Corke tacks!^	---- ?»:** W ,

f c > (Of lteel the thoUlana -----   j.	I.	xnj.	s.	iv.	<}•'

for fhocmakerv the dozen pieces — ■■ iv. s.

o

3 < of all other Torts the hundred weight, con-* >	....

q I taining 112 pound • - -	•	_	{	*•	VUJ-d-



*66o.J Anno duodecuno Caroli II. c.4;

“ f Wheat imparted not exceeding the" price of five shillings fix-pence the Qnfhel at the place of importation by4he bulhel	*—	•—

When it (halt exceed that rate by the quarter

j





> V. u

’Imported not exceeding the price of to

yji

four shillings fix pence the.buihel at the place of importation by the bulbet „

when it shall exceed that rate by the

, quarter (	----:—?	--- ■	■

• | Imported, not' exceeding the" Beans \ price Of three shillings fix

h viij. d+

► iij. iv. 4.

v. t.

••• • ■ »>«. 2V.iL.

r Barley < pence the bulhel at the place Malt I Of importation iij.s. iiij. <L by

I the btafhd -----------*	------

When it shall exceed that rate, by the quarter v, s.

Coverlets of Scotland, the piece.	■	xv. at*

Counters of ladn, the pound	j. s.

f laths the pound	vHj. d.

Crofbow <threed, the pound —	...... viij.d,

(racks, the piece ■ '■■■ ■ ’-7	■ ■■ — x. s.

f of done without covers, the hundred,

Crufcs < containing five (core -	 ■	■	„

( of done with covers, the hund.cont.5 fcore > 1. yj.a. viij^d. Cufhians of Scotland, the dozen ■	——«	£.*•

„ui.. 5 pourfc, the dozen	■	■■■—	iM* x.s.

Culhen-cloth* j of txpetoy,the dozen — uii. 1. X. s.

Cuttle bones, the thoufana ----------	»>.	—	j.1. vjL s, viij.d.



X. s.

with firelocks, or fnpphances, the piece j.l.

the dozen ■■■ ■ ■ ■■	   ■	j> l* vj.g, viij. 4

the dozen	‘	■	■■	—	iiij. s.

children the dozen ■	»	--	if* s.

i velvet (heaths, the dozen -with velvet (heaths, the dozen — iiij.l. ji fMeabro-deah, the hundred, cont. fix-fconc	iiij.l,

g \ Norway ideals, the hundred, cont. fix-fcore,	v. 1.

m J Burgcndorp-drals, the hundred, containing £

•a I (ix-fcore

(Spruce-deals, the hundred, cont. fix-feore f or dayes for books,'the dozen



«5 1 for women to wqrk on, covered with wool

jq I len, the piece -----------—	— ■— -

(for women, covered with velvet, the piece tv i (of wood, the dozen —	—

Plals \ of bone, the dozen -	—

Dimity, the yard	—	■	—

Dogs of earth, the grace, cont. twelve dozen g f with caddas the piece, cont. fifteen yards g \ with filk the piece, cont. fifteen yards S j with wool the piece, cont. fifteen yards fc? (vyith thred the piece, cont. fifteen yards

xij.I.

XT. J. ••••

Ulj.t.

V.».

37 S.

5 Anq.c. f.

5 Ann.«.|*

DorpJjr

V6.

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. 0.4. '

[1

yy___. 5 Frend^making, theell	■■	ij.«*	?j.d. .

pormx j pieneh-making, the yard #	—	- — ij-s.	(

Dugeon, the hundred pieces, containingfive-fcore j. l.

Durance or ( with tfired, the yard Dure tty \ with filk,. the yard Dtttties, the piece	■	■	-	■

f Acacia, the pound

10*Q,?. C.?£

e

S

£>

2

Q

VJ. s. viij.d. X sr ‘

i:.!' mj. *. jj.

viij.d,

vj.d.

Acorns, the pound Adiadtum album, the pound Adiantum nigrum, the pound Agaricus or agarick,	Pr parpd, the )	.

pound *	—----	#	~	■	1 —r- J ^

Agaricus rough or untrjm’d. tty? pound — r. s. Agnus callus feeds, the popnd —* ■*-- ■ j4 s.

AUcanet roots, the pound	——	— j. s.

....

Aloes-cicotrina, the pound Aloes-ppatica, the pound —

Alium, ronilh or roch. the hundred’ containing 112 pound	-— -#	- ' —

Amberjgreecg dU(k or grey, the ounce

Ameos feed, the ppund	-—r

Amomi feeds, the pound — — \	——

Anacardium, the pound — ■ -

Angelica, the pound .	■	----

Antimoniuu> cmdum, the hundred weight, containing 112 pound — — —— ■ ■

Antimonium preparatum or ftibium, the

pound	■	■	----

Argentum fublime or limum, the pound, or

^uickfilver ~----------’	t -- ^

Ariflolochia longa and rotunda, the pound j «• iiij d. Arfnick white or yellow, or rofalger, 'the j jy; d

pound -------------------- ■	 J	j	‘

Alarum roots, the pound -	—	-	J s

AfpaJUthus, the pound	——	— ) s. yj d.

Alia fbtida, the pound ...............  —	j ij d;

Almonds bitter, the hundred weight, cont. I •• j -

112 pound — - - ■	■	—	■	1	J

Alumen plupe, thp pound	——— jjs.

Balauftium, the pound ■ —■■■ ■■ ij s. yjd. fialfamum artificial, the pound	—■ —— iij s. iiij d. ,

Balfamum natural, thepqund	■■	■	■■	.■	xs.

Bay berries, the 112 pound —	■	■	■	xiij	s.	iiij	d.

Barley huld or French barJey, the H2 J - j

pound (a)	~-------- ■	■	■■■	■	j	* *

Bdeljium, the pound ■■ ■■	■	 ii	s.	vj	d.

Bcnalbum or rubrnm, the pound	— - ij 5;

Benjamin of al} forts, the pound	— -— v $«

Bvfzer (lone of the Eafl-India, the ounce \ ...« troy —	   J	u

(a) 7 k 8 W. 3. c. so.

Prug«

Drtigga vocat.

#^60.3

Anno duodecimo Caroli il. c. 4^

\

Beasertone of the.Weft-India, the opnee [ xg

troy

Black leade, thexia.ponnd Blata Bixantia, the pound

<

jl. is.

___________________ ,	ij «.

Bolus communis, or armoniacus, the hun- )	.	....

dredweight, cont. 112 pound -	 J	^

Bolus verus.the pound, or fine bole	viij	d.

Borax in pafte or. unrefined, commonly) ... . • •	.

called Tuickull, the DOund -------------J UJ S'

Borax refined, the pound	■	.	>t	■	■■	xiij	s.	iiij d.‘

Bunkins. holliwortles or piftolachia, the)' ..	•	^

pound ’	■	%■■■■■	.	,	",	*■■■	1	J	^

CaJlainus, .the pound -	■	■	“r*J

Camphire refined, the pound Camphire unrefined, the pound Cancri oculua, the pound Cantarides, the pound .

Caraway feed?, the 1 ixpound Cardantomes, (he pound Carpo balfami, the pound Carrabej orfuccinum, the Carthamus feeds, the pound

Caflia fiftula, the pound, of all fort? Caflia lignea, the pound

viijd. vs.

ij s. Vj d.

ivs..

vs.

4 % f

1 I. IV $• lijs. ,

IV 8.

js. , . viijd.

•	.	I

id.

— j a. viij d« , Caitoreum or hevor. cods, the pound ,	■	—	x	s.

Cerufla, the na pound .	■■■<■■	,	j 1. x s. ^

China roots, die,pound .	■■	■■■■■—■ yj s. viij d,

Ciceres white and red, the pound >	*	yi	d,^

Ciperus longus fe rotundas, the 112 pound ji. xiij s. ivid, Ciperus nuts, the pound ■■

Civet, the ounce troy	■	»	 ij	1.

Coculus Indue, the pound ... -7— ij s.

Coloquintida, • the.pound —r— .	-	ij	s.;

Conu, red or white in fragments,, for phy- ? ...	.

ficalufe, the pound	7----------£ .UJS* 1VcL

Coral whole, the pound	*—	, — jl.

Coriander feeds, the one hundred and? ..

twelve pound —	■ —y «! u

Cortex guaci, the 112 pound Cortex caperum, the pound Cortex tamerifei, the pound Cortex mandragorae, the pound Cofcus dulcis and amarus, the pound Cubebs, the pound -—■

Cumminfeed, the 112 pound

Cufcuta, the pound ----------

Cyclamen or panis pordnus, the pound — ij s.

Citrago, the pound	——	— j s.

Cetrach, the pound ^	j	s.

Cinabrum or vermilion, the pound >■ ——■ ij s. vj d.

C white, the 112 pound ■■■ ■■■- y 1.

Copperas < blew, of Danike or Hungary, ) B

( the 112 pound —---------------J X1J 5*

Cambogium or guttagambse, the pound	- iij s. iv	d.

^Chryftajin broken pieces for phyfick ufcs,per lb. iij s. iv d. r	*	‘r	‘	Carlina,

373

/ Carl ina. Abound Carolina the pOutfd * ■

Cortex wmteranu57 the pound Daucus’crcticus, Ae pound .

Stagfeudal irftartibny,» Afc p6und I leaves, xhe^eWid *

Tj ...............

e

p

Anno duodecimo' Caaoli II, c. 4.'	£	16fi

IV d.

♦iij 4-

iv $.

H

3 leaves, wpomm -.............-	J s;

Diptamqs. | &e	1* vj <F.

Dpmnicinn, -the pound	—-	-"■* — *1 sj vj d.

Eleboruj albttsand'filger, the pound ■- ■ — viyd.

Epithdnium, the pound . ——	—— j*-.-

Afr H^vnn» Ae pcmnd	^	j * hr <L»

Euphorbium* the pound ■	~	1	vuj	d.

Fennel ftfcds, the pound '	*	,	vjrd.

Fenugreek, HETI it pound	’» ’■ ‘ .....*—*xr s.

FM# Aepourid- * r. ^4.- •

Folium firdhs, the pound ’	-	vs;.	1

Fox lungs; the gffhnd	—	« T fijd. '

Frabikindehle" ~0T FF5HQT or Psfiwftn, Ae j -

■	y	••

j*, Vjd. jsi yj d, is. hrd,

vjd.

112 Jiund

Galbanturi, the pound . -Galanga, Ae pound ; General?Ae~ pound " Gendina. Ae pound * Gtntiy pepper, Ac pound Grana pin*, the pound Gjreeb gihger; Ae pound Gum^ am mi/ Ae" pound Gum arttabniack, Ihepound Gurt 6axi*irlx, Ac pound Gum trigagaiif," Ae pound ' Gumelemni, tfte pound •* Gum hedene; *He~ pound Gum laek, $he pound fa) Gum opopadax, Ae pound Gum (ardOcol, the pcTuncT

, fl *• T“J Ar j s. vjd

v-iwvvvvi) uiv ^uunu	r—	  j	*•	*JU.

Gum ferapinum the pound, or fegaptimni «*• j s, vjd, Gum taccamahacese; Ac* pound *	*	J—— ivs,

Grana tin&orum * -------------	*	 ij	s.	vj	d„

Grains of Guiney jbr French grain's^ the 112 pound	—1-‘	• —**—■«

GumArabeck, or guirf Seneca? Ae hundred and twelve pound ■ * 1	}

Gum fandrake, or gumiuniperi, Ae hun- > *1	...

dred and twelve pound ■ ■	—	J	^	*	Jt

Gum gutaci, Ae pound ~	—* ivs.

Gum carameif, the pound —	 —	yj	d.

Hermoda&ilus, the pound —	—	ij	s.

HypocijHs, the pound -	—	—	ij	s.

Homs of harts or flags, Ae* hundred — j 1. xs, Incenfeor olibanum, the liz pound	— vl.

Ireos, Ae 112 pound Ifonglafs, the 112 pound (a)

Juj ubes, Ae pound -------------

Jolop, the pound

-----Ij 1- xs,

------vl.

.Juniper berries, the 11*2 pound (?) 8 Geo. t, c. ij.

-js.

• ivs.

jl.

Labdanijn}

Drnggs vocat.

1660J Anno duodecimo Cakgli II.. c. 4^

~Labdanuoi&r Lapadonum, the pound Lapis CallatMiians, the 112 pound Lapis fifematitis, the pound Lapis jud^icus, the pound Lapis lazuli^ the-pound .

Lapi$ tudey the pound -T wvW w: roAs, the fcouad-A'c*vt* of violet-er flowers, thepound - yiijd. Lynrifcu* or xylobalfamum, the pond — j s* viq <L

.3;$

Lignum alotSf-the pound Lignum jtf^haltoi&r- the pound Lignum.thodioiny the lie-pound Lignum vitfc, fcheiiapeumi / Litharge, of gold, the 112 pound Litharge of silver, the 112 pound

Locufl; thh pouad ---------<r-

Lupines, the tie-pound - — Lcntills, .the. pound - —— Lapis contravenes, die ounce .. Lignum ntphxeticaxn, the pound Madder loots,. 02 ruhea riafterum, pound Manna,. the pound -Marmelade* the-ponnd •

Maftick wfrj teethe pound'

Maftick red, the pound Mechoacan, thepound Mercury fublimat. the pound Mercury prfccipitat. the pound Methrioate Venetur, the pound Millium folds, the pound — Mirabolanesr dry, the pound Mirabolanes, condited the pound ' Mirtle bellies the pound Mummia, the pound Mufke, die ounce troy Muike cods, the dozen Myrrha, the pound Nygella, the pound Nytrum, the pound Nutmegs condited, the pound Nux de benne, the pound Nux cupreffi, the pound Nux inaica, the piece Nux vomica, the pound Nardus Celtics, or Spies Romans, 112 pound. - ■ —■	—

Nux pini or grana pini, the pound

Oiibanum or incenie, the its.pound

Opium, the pound ------  *

Ofipium huirredem, the pound Orcant or almiet, the pound

ori.pfcTO

.Origanum, the pound —



.. l

Ofla

r

s) S Geo. 1. c. 1

?•

38e

ftGco.i. if.

g

So<

I

Anno duodecimo Caroli II.

*Ofla de coitte. ccrvi, the pound 1 Oyle of amber, the pound Oyle of rofemary, the pound Oyle de bay, the 112 pound Oyle of mace or nutmegs, the pound Oyle de ben, the pound vOyle of (pike, the pound Oyleof almonds,.'the pomid ,

Oyje de fcorpions, fche pound Oleum petrolium* the pound Oleum turpentine, the pound Orabus, the. poiind • i Orpment or auripigmentum, the six pound Panther,, the pound Panis por&wSf cyckaen;

Peajfc Jftaten, the Ounce troy Pellitorie, the sound - ■ ■—

Pepper long, 4»c pound- —

Perrofen,. <vid$ franckinfcncc *

Piony feeds* the pound r	.

Piitachias or nux piftachue, the pound Pix Burgtmdia, the 112 pound -PoUutn luotfanum, the pound Polipodjujn# the pound-Puke^ranet pills, the 11* pound'

Poppie feeds, thf pound - —j-Precipute, *vutt mercuric precipitate —— Pfylliunj, the-pound ———viijd. PyuneUaies or-pruans of Brunolia, the pound j t* Quickfilveri vuk argentum vinijn

S Geo.j. €.15.

t Geo.i. c.15.

Rhapontikutn, the pound --------■	■	—■ xiijs: ivd.

Radix efuje, the pound ■ ■■ - —-	>	j	s.

Rqjjead* the 112pound —	  ■	xvjs. viijd.

Rhabarbarujn or ruwurbe, the pound ? ■■ jl.

Rofalger,. the pound, t>id* arutiek Roflct, the pound	—~

Radix contra yerva, the pound Radix f<;oif$cmein,:the pound Radix jfc£n$, the pound Sal alkali the pound Sal armoniacum, the pound .

Sal gem, the pound - V—rr

Sal niter, the pound ■	-----

Sandracha pr gum fandracha, junipefi the hundred and twelve pomtS

Sandiver, the 112 pound —............. “

Sanguis draconis, toe pound Sarlaparilla, tne pound ' **

SaiTafras wood or roots, the hundred and > twelve pound - ■ —-	*	■	■— 3

Saunders white, the pound	*	■	—	J	s.

Saunders yellow, the pound	■	 ij	s.

Saunders red alias Hock, the 112 pound -iijjl,

Scamonie, <vidt diagredium	------

.Scincus paring the piece —	■■■■,"	■■	iiij	d.

S^ordiuiSl

&

bO

2

O

aC6o.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. d/4;

Scordium, the pound -■-■■■■»	——	vj d.

Scorpions, the piece	— '	 iij d.

Sebeftines, the pound	j j.

Seeds for gardens of all forts,* the pound — viij d.

Seler montantas, the pound	—---viij d.

Semen cucumeris, cncurb. cHrul.stolon the lb. viij a.

Sena, the pound	—	   ij s, vj d.

Soldonell*, the pdfcnd	——	- ■ — viij d.

Sperma cacti fine, the pound	■■	v s.

Sperma end courfe oylie, the 112 pound — 122J1. Spica eeldea, vide nardui celtica, or fpica )

Romana	■	■■ ■ ■-	—— ■	J

Sanguis bird, the pound — i	Spicknard, the pound	—

^	Spodium, the pound	■	.

Spunees, the pound —

Squilla, the 112 pound - ■ ■■

Squinanthum, the pound ——

Slechados, the pound	—

Staphifager, the t it pound Stibium, vide andmonium p reparation Storax calamka, the pound Storax liquida, the pound Succus liquiridac, the pound Sulphur vivom, the pound ——

Tamarindes, die pound ---------

Terra lemnia, the pound Terra figillata, the pound Thlafpii femen, the pound Tornfall, the pound	——

Trodfci de vipera, the ounce troy Treacle common, the pound Treacle of Venice, the pound Turbith, the pound	■	—

Turbith thaptoe, the pound Turmerick, thepound ■

Turpentine of Venice, Scio or Cyprus the )

pound	■	■	—	 J

Turpentine common, the 112 poupd ------

Talk® white, the pound	——	■*

Talkegreen, thepound	—

Yerdigreece, the pound Vcmim, the 112 jpound Vermillion, vide cinabriuin Vitriolum romanum, the pound Vmber, the hundredweight, cont. H2ponnd jl.

Vifcus quercinus, the pound	..... iv s.

White lead, the 112 pound	------- j 1-

Wormfeeds, the pound	——»	-------iij

Zedoaria, the pound #	—	—	iij

^Xylobalfamum, vide lentifeus	—

All druggs imported direftly from the place of their growth in EngHfh-built (hipping, to berated one third part of what is charged in the book of rates, and no mept.

Diamonds, pearls, precious Hones and jewels, the ? hundred pound value	—	—J



iv d. ivd.

SGeo,i. c.15.

t Geo.t. c^.15.

a Geo. 1, c. 7-

Eariings,

3

«

Anno duodecimo .Carou fl:

of chryllal die dofeen of glaiie the great groce, containing twelve }

imall groce -------- --------------

of three! the gfeat groce, containing twelve

fijiaU groce of filk the great gtoce.

containing twelve

fmall groce of fine damaike work the dozen of bugle the dozen ■ ■ ■— ■ for handkerchers the groce, cont. 12 dozen ofhairc the grocer cont. 14 dozen '	—

v

Cabinets i or coimtorc8 fiaall tie piece

• C or countorea large the piece ■ >» Cables tarred or untarred the hundred weight, *

containing 112 pound ■	----

Caddas or Cruel! ribband tie dozen pieces, every piece containing 36 yards ■	■	■	—

Calve flews in the haire the piece	—

Cabogium, W*Druggs —	—	»	■■

Camaetto half filk, half haire, the yavd Candles of tallow the pound -	■■

Candle plates, or wallers of bnds or lattia tie ) pound	-	-	-	-J

Candlefticks 5 of brafs or lattin th* pound -r of wire the dozen -Candlcweeke the hundred weight, cont. in) pound	-	-	-	J

Callicoes fine or courfe the piece -	-

Canes or reeds the thoufand	-	~

Canes of wood | ^ cont. 6o cane* ” Cant fparrs the Hundred, cont.	fix	fcorc	-

Capers the pound	-	-	-

Capravens tie hundred, cont.	fix	fcore	—

Cap-hookes, or hooke-ends the groce, cont. izdoz. ^ f double turfed, or cockarta caps the dozen -•} for children the dozen -	-

g nightcaps of fattin and velvet the dozen -« ] nightcaps of filk knit the dozen	-

S* nightcaps of woolen the dozen	—	—

^ I nightcaps of linen the dozen # -	-

f playing cards the groce, containing 12 7 Cards I dozen paire -	-	-	)

'locat. | wool cards pld the dozen paire — ■ -■ ^ wool cards new the dozen paire	—-

of Tonney the piece, containing two yards ~ and a half long -	-

of Scotland the piece (I).	-

^ * of Cornix the carpet two yards and a half 2 1 long *	-	-	.	“

Bruniwicke carpets ftript and unfiript the piece -	-	~

toChhia of cotton courfe the piece -	~

B*

<3



X. 8.

iij. d.

j.s. iv.d".

j« s« iv. s. vj. s. viij.d.

x.s.

X\9+

i>l. x.s. iv^s. j. 1.

J.L xiij.Ss. vj. d*

iij. 1. xiij.s^iv.d^

XV.*.

ij. 1. viij^s. j. 1. iij. 1. iv. 1. j.l. viij. s.

vj.!.

vj.s.

x.s.

j.l* xs. xiijs. ivd. jl. vs.

xs. iv s>

(h) 5 Ann. c. t.

Carpets.



Ahno duodecimo Caroli IT. c,4*'

Carpets

vocat.

f Gentifhthe dozen \ Turkey or Venice fliort the piece

... *

- nj. I.

*■ j* 1. x* s.

< Turkey or Venice long, containing? ... * f four yards and upwards —J ^ *m I of Perfia the yard lquare, the yard - ij.l.

Cafes for look* ing glafies gilt

j. 1. xiij. s. iy.d.

v.s.

Carrells the piece, containing 15 yards'	-	j;l. vi.s.

bf N# 3 and a the dozen - iv. s.

\ of N° 5 and 6 the dozen - vij. s.

< of 7 and 8 the dozen * — x.s.

J of N° 9 and 10 and upwards >

„ the dozen - ‘	-	J

ofN*3 ahdathedoxen - ij.*• ofN*p and 6the dozen - i#.s. vj of N°7 and 8 the dozen - v.s pf N° 9 and 10 the dozen - “? p with wooded coih^s garnifoed the dozen — with fmall ivode combs garftifhed the zen	- • ’	-	-

with, middle fprt.ivorie combe gamifhed the dozen }	-	-

with large idqrie £ombp garoiAied the „ 'dozen	-	/	-	r'~

«§ for comb# Angle the grace, tont. 12 dozen

... j

viij.4.

Cafes for looking; glafftiUigilt

.. J

O for coipb* double the* groce, cont. 12 dozen*

fyr fpe&acles gflfc tfe groed, Containing 1 .1 *

• dozen	-*	-	-•*"»$	‘

forfpe&ades ungilt the groce, cont. 12 dozen xiij.s'. iv.f for needfes or pin-cafes tne grace, contain-7	... ‘^

ing iz dozen-----------	-	-3	•	*

Lfor needles French-guilt the dozen	-	ws.

Cattel j imported from Ireland into-England,	}	.. S -	s •	1

great ( a-piecc after the rate of	-	>	y

*> f of iron fmall the dozen	*	-	j.I.	x. s.

Jj \ of iron ntiddlefortrthe dozen	-	’	_	-ij.l. viij.s.

5 1 of iron large, t^e dozen -	-	-	>	iij.1.

-	vj. 1.

-	i\!;

-	VUJ.S*

• w +	•••	•

-	I; 1. vj.«. viy.d. «* j. s. iv. d.

J. s, iv.d.

.	__	iron	Urge, t^te dozen

^ / of fteel, the doze? *	-	-

Caviare the hundredweight, cont. 112 pound r . j of linen for women, the dozen Cauls t of Aik, the dozen	-	»

CeAeneof lattin, the pound	-

Chains {	OT	Purfes>	fine*	the	dozen

( for dogs, courfe, the dozen -Chair# of walnut-tree, the piece	-

f unwatered or mohairs, the yrfrd Chamlets < watered, the yard	-

C half filk half hair, the yard Cheefe the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound Cherries the hundred weight, cont. 112 bound Chefs-boards, the dozen	-

Chefs-men the groce, cont. twelve dozen ~ iron fmall or middle fort the piece iron large the piece -Cyprus wood the neft, cont. three chcfts viij. 1.

B b 3

leis-mei f of ir <0 f ir (of C

xm. s. iv. d.,

-	viij. s.

-	iij. s. iv. d.

-	x.s.

-	iij. s.

-	v.s.

-	x.s.

-	vj. s. viij. 4.

j.l.

-	j-.!*

-	xij.s.

-	V. 1.

—	vj. 1. xiij.s. iv, d.

Chcfts

m.

J5 f Of

1) t O I par

^pno.duodecimo Gar®lI H. 6.4;	[1660*..

of fpruc* or dan Ike the neft, containing) ... _

•	•	fe_	——~—-I-..?'

dozen • < ■ 1 ■ ■	-	ij.	1*:

J. K 1 , J	_	T.l m	«i22!

Chimney-back*

--	*	r%	•	J	w	•

ljja. ivd*,

>r joiners,.the dozen ... nr- -«-■

Citterns,

f* fh# An all	nontainin^ £y. It	^

„ lame thepfcce	rr_

China peafi? $he pound .	—rr ‘	-7-

/Chizels for joiners, -the dozen ...	~	*«y

the dozen- , ~—:—„ # #	pi).

5the./mall hundred, containing fix- J *

/core. txwdA' the nng, jcont. two final! hundred jj. 1. x. s.

p$eo.?.e.i5. Gocheneale

' r w

ic 2 of

A

j Ann, c. 8a

plapboard I the;great hundrod,, coe^? twenty--

.I,/*.! ibui^m^l^dped'

Claricords'the pair- f; -f/”

Cloakeao/felt tiie J>iqq5 3 -All manner of woolen clptWi.wpprt^d p^r.yznj^ vocatr S.jdyefltr^or

cooieneale the pound	-

‘ .all

tSytyeiler and Campeache co-^ chaudfe,; the pound	..7

Coals of Scoriand tlfeipn '* i- - -

r covered	thfrdo^g*^

g \ covered ^itAveIw, lhf:dpwi ,0^C1^ jffi < with iron bhrsjf tjm.nefe._*ont>. threj^ q rp)ahi the ne^,^(Sntainihg.ihree coffers tpniiMedtto nw^vdOnl-.three coffers Coma/hes. out of Turkey* .the piece ’'

' ""for wdol thep&r, old-or new'

of bone pound	'	.	• .ii$

of box the gntte^eept* 1 *dote* voc:1ightw0o<^cOmbes the grQee, coupon-^

ii\g .|r2 dozen ----«—

of hflrnefor barbers, the doze*.

of ivorip, the. pound ’ ’.....

^vocat. hOrfe-combs, the dozen-Comfets the poturtd ‘r • ---> ■.* v	{.of iron ior	caro«atets?.	the	dozen.

, the doze

XVtij,.!;. ; lj. 1.

. wj, 1. *»«..:

•	*	In - j

vj.fa vi\jddT vj, 8. Vtyijd' i

J8

•I

u

Cbmpaflbsx.of bra£>; V’. .[ for fliips

iozen the dozen

it

Ann. c.

r unsought briefes^or platfes round* or,fquanc, feA.;, the hundred weight cont* 11 j 18. §-S or rofe copper V >.	>-

' $ I cluunfis, the chaine -	■	—	—

Cpurles or plate the marke. — Copperas green fhe hundred weight, containing ) 112 pound ’ 7------------------* a	—> • —7 3

Cordage or ropes tarred or untarred the hundred )

' weight, containing tl2 pound ' “ ‘ ' ------ **

** 1 • . 1 Cor iron the jhjoufarid porkc «ck*{ Df ftee, the thoufand

for Ihocmakerv the dozen piece$

} xiij. s. iiij.d.

yj. s. viij. d. j. l. xiij.s. iv^d-

o f for Ihocmakerv the dozen piece$	iv.	s.

< of all other Torts the hundred weight, con- f .....

<3 l taining 112 pound • -	•	_	$	XVJ-	s-	viy-	*•



v. u

j> yj* viij.

p uj. Ia iv. cU

quj

f I

V. I.

j66o.J Anno duodecimo Caroii II. c.4.

. "Wheat imported not exceeding the-w price of five shillings fix-pence the 3 J prifhel at the place of importation 1 •5 * bykhebulhel —	■	■	.

^ When it lhalt exceed that rate by the i

. quarter *	    ~	—r-

"Imported not exceeding the price of* a	four shillings fix pence the. bafliel

£ H at the place of importation by the ® cCk bulbet,	■—	—	- *—-.

when it shall exceed that rate by the i uarteir (	—r—?	--^	" ,

Imported, not exceeding the-Beans \ price Of three shillings fix Barley < * pence the bulhel at the place >

Malt I of importation iij.s. iiij.cL by\

L the bathe!----------------------)

When it shall exceed that rate, by quarter - v, s.

Coverlets of Scotland,' the piece -■■■	-	—	xv.

Counters of latin, the pound	'	.	■	»■	■	j. s.

f laths the jpound	'	-	vHj- d.'

Crolbow < thread, the pound —	»	■■■■—	viij.d,

. I racks, the jfiece ■	^----- x. s.

f of ftoiie without covers, the hundred,)

Crufes < containing five (core -	—	■	J

I of done with covers, the hund.cont.5 fcore > 1. yj.s. viij^d.

Culhians of Scotland, the dozen ............— £.«.

j Pourfe, the dozen	■	—	g*l- x.s.

( of tapeihy, the dozen »	■	■■	pinI. fc.s.

Cuttle bones, the thoufena >	■«	.....j*I. vi. 1. triij.d.

••• • tys. iv. iu

x. s.

zs with fire locks, or fnnphances, the piece j- L 'ides, the dozen ■ - -■■ ■	--	-	j. l. vj.s. viij. d*

■ children the dozen	.......—- liij. s.

for children the dozen ■	»	■	ij-	s.

with velvet (heaths, the dozen - iij.I. with, velvet (heaths, the dozen — iiij.l

j? f Meabro-deals, the hundred, cont. fix-fcore g \ Norway ideals, the hundred, cont. fix-fcore, « < Burgendorp-djeals, the hundreds containing )

*g I fix-fcore	■ ■ —-------------------J

p i Spruce-deals, the hundred, cont. fixrfcore for Hayes for books, the dozen

1 for women to work on, covered with wool- } A I len, the piece -----------------------   J

wfor women, covered with vejvet, the piece n. 1	{ of wood, the dozen

( of bone, the dozen Dimity, the yard

iiij.l.

v. 1.

• • • Zlj.I.

XV. J.

• •••

IUJ.9.

v.s.

X. 8.

iii. s. xij. *.

Pogs of earth, the grace, cont. twelve dozen ^ f with caddas the piece, cont. fifteen yards - * with filk the piece, cont. fifteen yards with wool the piece, cont. fifteen yards \yith thred the piece, cont. fifteen yards

i

—	HJ: *•

-	uij.l.

-	j.l. x.s.

—	ij.l.

—	i. 1. v. s.

r-j*.

275.

MCar.^.c.ij.

$ Ami. c. t.

5 Ann.-c. I.

Dorpix

Anno duodecimo CAROLl II. 0.4.'

. J French-making, the ell	~

[ French-making, the yard	—

Dugeon, the hundred pieces, containingfive-fcore j.l

[1660,

fornix

ij.s. vj.cL

ij. s.

Durance or I with thred, the yard Duretty X with filk,	the yard

Dutties, the piece	—

f Acacia, the pound	rr-—

Acorus, thepqund	—

Adiaritum album, the pound Adiantum nigrum, the pound

e

s

a

bQ

s

Agaricus or agarick, ifftn’d	the) . j

vj. j. riij.d.

X9,	‘

J:.!"

1UJ.*.

vuj.d,

vj.d.

pound

Alchernes

untrim’d, % pound — v. s. the pound ——•’	j.s.

Yfyrrup^e^pound	—— -y ^ s. viij. 4-

( confe&io, the ounce - iuj. s. Aloes-cicotrina, the pound ■	v. 3/

Aloes-epatica, the pound —	ij.s.

Allum. r<Miiih or rodi, .the hundred, con- ‘

tabling 112 pound 7--------- '	-	;

Ambergreecg olapk or grey, the ounce j

Amcos feed, the pound ------~r

Amomi feeds, the pound —-------V	~

Anacardinm, the pound — ■■ ■	—-

Angelica, the pound .	■

Antimpnium prudum, the hundred weight, ) , •«

containing 112 pound -------------   ■	J

Antimoniuhi preparatum or ftibium, the ... .

pound	■ ■■	-	■	— — j ■'

Argentum fublime or limum, the pound, or	...

^uickfilvey	   •	—^-f UJS;

Anftolochia longa and rotunda, the pound js. iiij d. Arfruck white or yellpw, or rofalger, the I ay* j

pound	   ■-	■	 —	J	j	*

Alarum roots, the pound -	—«■	—— ■■ j $

Afpalathus, the pound ■	.	—— j s. vj d.

Ana fetid*, the pound --------- ---------j s. ij d;

Almonds bitter, the hundred weight, cont. I « -

1x2 pound	■	■	■	 J	/

Alumen plume, the pound	■	- — j s.

Balauftium,^the pound >■ .	------ij s. vjd.

Balfamum artificial, the pqugd ...........iij	s.	lijj d.

Balfamum natural, the pound	;■ — ■ - x s.

BayberriPs, the 112 pound	■	xiij	s.	iiijd.

Barley huld or French barley, the ji* i : 1

pound '	—  —    f 1 '•

Bdeljium, the pound -------------------    ij	s.	vj	d.

Bcnaibum or rubrnm, the pound -----------ij s:

Benjamin of all forts, the pound ■	— v s.

Btfzcr ftonc of the Eaft-India, the ounce ) ....

. troy —	*	—	 5	J1-

(q) 7 & 8 W. 3. C. 20,

t4>6e.'3 Anno duodecimo Caroli fl. c. 4;

rBcaaer ftone of the.Weft-India, the opnee)

troy

Black leade, the m pound Blata Bizantia, the pound

5

X*4

41. x *. ij*.

Bolus communis, or annoniacus, the hun-1	......

dred weight, cont. 112 pound , .------J *** +

Bolus verna the pound, or fine bole »■ ■ viijd. Borax in pafte or..unrefined, commonly) ... . ♦ *

called Tuickull,. the pound ------------j J

Borax refined, the pound



e

Bunions, holliwortles or piftoladiia, the I

pound . ______—	;	■■	1	—	j

Csdlainus, the pound .	—»	——

Camphire refined, the pound ■	1	■»

Camphire unrefined, the pound ^ ■■ —

Cancri oculus* the pound Cantaridcs, the pound .

Caraway feed^, the 112 pound Cardankomes, the popnd Carpo bplfiuni, the poupd Carrabe, or fuccinum, the Carthamus feeds, the popn<

Caflia fiftula, the pound, pf all forts Caffia lignca, the pound	•—

Caftoreum or hevor cods, the pound Cerufla, the 112 pound „	—»■

China roots, die pound . ■ —

Ciceres white and red, the pound Ciperus longus k. rotundas, the tiz pound jl *iij s. ivd

ujs.

••• •••• • , xuj s. uij a.

ij e- vjd.

viijd.

vs.

ij s. vj d. .

tvs*.

vs*

jl. iv s. lij s. ivs.

J.V.

vib d.

•	*	9 m

j 8. VJ d. ;

j s. viij d« . xs.

j 1. x s. yjs. viijd, yid,

Ciperus nuts, the poupd Civet, the ounce troy

viij.d,

. {J 1-

Coculus Indue, the pound —..	-7—	y s.

Coloquintida, • the.pound -------  .	4—ij s.;

Coral, red or white in fragments, for phy-? ... a

ficalufe, the pound *	—----UJ s‘ ivd* !

Coral whole, the pound *—	jl.

Coriander feeds, the one hundred and? ..

twelve pound ——	•-----J J

Cortex guaci, the 112 pound	■	■ ■ — iij I. .

Cortex caperum, the pound . ■■ ■ -----------j §.

Cortex tamerifei, the pound ------------r---yiij d.

Cortex mandragorse, the pound ..........-— ij s.

Cofcns dulcis and amarus, the poupd - j s. yiii d.

Cubebs, the pound —	  j	s.	ivd.

Cumminfeed, the 112pound ‘	■■■	 j 1.	ivd.

Cufcuta, the pound ----------------- —	—* j s.

Cyclamen or panis porcinus, the pound — ij s.

Citrago, the pound	—;—	— i	s.

Cetrach, the pound	——	»	■ ■ j s.

Cinabrum or vermilion, the pound ——— ■ ij s. vj d.

C white, the 112 pound ■» -■ -»■ ij 1.

Copperas < blew, of Danlke or Hungary, ) t the 112 pound	.—.--J

xij s.

Cambogium or gutta gambae, the pound - iij s. iv d. Chryftajin broken pieces forphyfickufcs,per lb. iij s. iv d.

,r	Carlina,

377

378

Anno duodecimo Garoli II, C. 4.'	[x65c

, "Carlina, the Jxrorid Carolina the ptraffd^ ~ —=*■ CortS* wliiteranuS, the pound Daucuscneticds, the poind . ©iagredium hffoithdny,* the ftotand

I

s

p

I*

iv d. iv S.

jl.

_____________	j*yj<r.

Dprpnicum, .the poofid	—	ft s: vj d,

Elcboru? albas andntger, the pound »■ — viy d. Epithdnidm, the pound	"‘

A$& «ftvun, die pemnd- *

Euphorbium* the pound Fennel ftfcds, fhepouhd~

Fenugreek, tte'f 12 pound Fwk-jr, thfc pound -±-'‘

Folium ItnuS; the podtfd Fox lungs; the pOhnd ~

Frinldncehfe’ 'Or Frandt Oi* Pamrftn, the r lu jhrtna - ----—• —if *«*• Galbanturt, the pound	^J —— j s-. Vj d.

Galanga, die pound General the' pound Gendina, the pound** Ginfcy pdpper, the pound Grana pinae, the pound Green gihfcpr; the pound	—

§ Gum' amki/ fhe~ pound	—

Gum arlhtoniack, Ihejjound Gurt earihnW, the pound Gum- tragaganTj the pound ' Gumelemni, the pound ~ Gum hederae; pound Gum lack, $he pound jra) Gum opopaxj&x, the pound Gum fartocof, the" pOun<T

vi s. vuj dr -*• ys. vjd

—---u*w |/vuuu	.	j	*•	J.	;

Gum fera^inhin the pound, or {jagapehum -*■ j s, vj d Gum taccamahaceae; the*pound* * a..—± ivs,

Grana tin&ofuift " “ -----— *	 ij	s.	vj	d.

Grains of Guincjr fir French grains j th<

112 pound* -1-	• .—-—■

GumArabeck, or gum Seneca, the hundred and twelve pound ’ "■'* u..^ j Gum fandrake, or gum jumper!, the hun- > •»	...

dred and twelve pound ' — f J • VUJS' Gum.guiUci,' the pound ~	—* ivs.

Gum caramert, the pound —	 —	vj	d.

Hermoda&ilus, the pound	—	ij	s.

HypocifHs’, the pound "*	—	—	ij	s.

Homs of harts or (lags, the' hundred — j 1. x s. Incenfeor olibanum, die ii2*pburi4

Treos, the 112 pound -----------

Ifonglafs, the 112 pound (a)	---

Jujubes, the pound — ■	—

Jolop, the pound

Juniper berries, xhe 112 pound (?) 8 Geo. 1, c. ij.

vl.

■ *.L

-	vl.

-	is.

■ IV s,

jl.

xs.

Labdanqnj

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c.4.

LabdamiQl 0r l^lonuiD) the pound	— j «•

Lapis Callamiaanif the 112 pound » *• r tvj s* viij*

Lapis fjematuis, the pound	  j	*•

Lapis judjiiCHs, -the pound • *.... ■	“*■	j	9*

Lapis lazuli^ the-pound > . . ’ t———r— K s% Lapis tot^/ thepouad - ——	■- }»t

v gfro&t, the bound- ■ ■	■?	j	t,

weaves ^ vjajtt^r |^W|) the pound - viy<L

Ljaitifciu o» xylebaUamum, the pound — >«. vitf cL Lignum sloes,.the pound ———

Lignum j{frKaltuBir the pound .	*++ »»—» )9.

Lignum .thodiea^-the n-n pound Lignum vttte, theiia pound Litharge, of gold, the i is pound Litharge of Silver, the 112 pound Locuft; thfc pound Lupines, the. 112 ponnd *	■	—

Lentills, die pound - ■	—

Lapis contravenes, die ounce ...

Lignum nephxetknm, the pound Madder soots, 02 rubea tfeftorum, pound (aj	1

Manna, the pound -Marmeladey the-pound •

- . Maftick vvh)ter the pound'

\ I Maftick: red, the pound Mechoacan, the pound*

Mercury fublimat. -the pound Mercury prfccipitat; the pound Methriaate Venetian, the pound MilUnm folis, the ponnd —

Mirabolane* dry, the pound Mirabolanes, condited the pound Mirtle berries the pound * +

Mummia, the pound Mulke, the ounce troy Muike cods, the dozen Myrrha, the pound Nygella, the ponnd	—

Nytrum, the pound	* ■ »

Nutmegs contused, the pound Nux de benne, the pound Nuxcupreffi, the pound Nux indica, the piece Nux vomica, the pound Nardus Celtica, or Spica Romans, the) ,

lupoand^ —	  }	vl.

Nux pmi or grana pini, the pound Olibanum or incense, the 112 pound

Opium, the pound ----------

Ofipium huirredem, the pound Orcant or almiet, the pound

.Origanum, the pound - ■■■

90

>0

3

%$. ijd.

*&)t. iv ii

j*.

t*’

ifej s.

V)s. tiijd, *9.

*) 8 Geo. 1. c. s



f*

IGco.i.c. ^

Anno duodecimo£aroli II. c. 4.

“Ofla de cordc ccrvi, the pound Oylc of amtier, the pound Oyle of rofemary, the pound Oyle de bay, the 112 pound Oyle of mace or nutmegs, the pound Oyle de ben, the pound —

Pyle of (pike, the pound —

Oyle of'almonds, .'tae pound .

Oy]e de fcorpions, the pound Oleum petrolium, the pound Oleum turpentine, the pound Orabus, the pound w Orpmcntoraanpimentum, iheiixpoutfd Panther, the pound Panis porcinus, wide cychmim;

Pearfe bfcaten, the ounce troy Pellitorie, the pound	——

Pepper long, the pound- - —

Perrofen,. <uid$ franclunfcucc •

Piony feeds; the pound ?	-	.

Piftachias or ntix pifUchi*, the pound Pix Burgtmdbe, the 112 pound -Pollute motfcanum, the pound Polipo$ujn* the pound	—;

Polpegmaet pills, the j mb pound Poppie feeds, thf pound - —r-Precipitate, mercuiie precipitate Pfylliunj, the- pound

1*66

viijd.

2

Q

t Geo.t. c.T5«

PyuneUW$ or-pruans of BruhoKa, the pound j t QuickGJver* wh argentum vivujn Rhapontikuto, the pound ■■■■-—«

Radix efuje, the pound Reread* the 112 pound Rhabarbarum orrubarbe, the pound Rofalger,, the pound, vide armiek RofTet, the pound Radix contra yerva, the pound Radix f^fjpnera, the pound Radix	the pound

Sal aikaji* the pound

Sal armoniacum, the pound	^-----

Sal gem, the pound . ■	-——

Sal niter, the pound	———	.-----

Sandracha, pr gum iandracha, or gjim junipep the hundred and twelve ponnd Sandiver, the 113 pound ............*

xiijs. iv d. ja.

xv] s. viijd.

Ji*

vj d; • iijs. ivd. iij's. ivd. viijd. iv a.-

■ j s. viijd. viijd. j s. vj d.

}>'■

VUJ s.

xs.

iijs. ivd. iij s. iv d,

ii.........

S Geo. 1. c.15.

Sanguis dracoms, the pound Sarlararilla, the pound ’	—	-*-1	—

Saflafras wood or roots, the hundred and ) twelve pound	—■	—	■■ . j

Saunders white, the pound	*--------j s.

Saunders yellow, the pound	--------ij s.

Saunders red alias dock, the 112 pound - iijj.l, Scamonie, vide diagredium	.	■	”

.Scincus paring the piece --	—;	■■ iiij d.

i66o.]	Anno	duodecimo	Caroli	II.

m Scordium, the pound ■ — ■■■	—— vj d.

Scorpions, the piece	—— *	— iij d,

Sebeftines, the pound ■'	■	■■■	—	j s.

Seeds for gardens of all forts* the pound — viij d.

Seler montantas, the pound ■■■	-----viij d.

Semen cucumeris, cucurb. cstrnl. jftelonthfe lb. viij cf. Sena, the pound ■*- ■	ij s. vjd.

SoldonefU, the pftfind	——	----- viij d.

Sperma cacti fine, the pound	—— v s.

Sperma cacti courfe oylie, the 112 pound — iiij 1. Spica celdca, vide nardus celtica, or (pica 7 Romana	■	*	■—	—■< 3

5«»

— J *.

—	yj s.’viij d.

—	js. vjd.

—---iij*. ivd. ----j 1. v *•

—---iijs.' ivd. ---- xd-

!

*0

to

2

Sanguis hirci, the pound —

Spicknard, the pound	—	—

Spodium, the pound	——

Spunges, the pound	—

SquilTa, the 112 pound	——

Squinanthum, the pound *-------

Stechados, the pound Staphifager, the 112 pound	»

Stibium, vide antfrnonium preparation Storax calamka, the pound Storax liquida, the pound Succus liquiridac, the pound Sulphur vivum, die pound Tamarindcs, die pound Terra lemma, the pound Terra figillata, the pound Thlafpii femen, the pound Tomiall, the pound —

Trodfci de vipera, the ounce troy Treacle common, the pound Treacle of Venice, the pound Turbith, the pound	■ ■ ■—

Turbith thapnae, the pound Turmerick, thepound	—

Turpentine of Venice, Sdoor Cyprus the \ pound	■	" ■ ■	—

Turpentine common, the 112 poupd

Talke white, the pound -------

Talkegreen, thepound	—

Yerdigreece, the pound	—

Vernim, the x 12 pound Vermillion, vide cinabriuta

Vitriolum romanum, the pound -----------j s.

Vmber, the hundred weight, cont. impound j 1. Vifcus quercinus, the pound	-	iv	s.

White lead, the xiz pound	»	j	1.

Wormfeeds, the pound	-	■■ —■	iij

Zedoaria, the pound —	—	iij	s

„Xylobalfamum, vide lentifcus	-——

All druggs imported dire&ly from the place of their growth in BngHfh-built (hipping, to be rated one third part of what is charged in the book of rates, and no more.

Diamonds, pearls, precious Hones and jewels, the ? hundred pound value	—	 J

ivd. iv d.

SGeo.i* c.15.

8 Geo.x. $15-

6 Geo* ii 7*

X5*

Eariings,



Anno duodecimo CAROii. c. 4#

Zi£6

* . E -

Barlings, the groce, cont. 12 dozen	~

^ Brick (topes, by the thanked . . . ^

Flanders tiles to fcowr with,-the thouffltod

Gaily dies, the foot	r-*t~-

Pavemg tiles, the thoufand.

Tiles called pan tiles, the thoufand

Is

1

W

All other forts of earthen ware not partial-1 larly mentioned, to pay for every twenty >

L shillings value I a. 6cL	..	—	y	t	*

Eggs, the hundred, cont, fix (core -	--	■	—	j Si viij d/

Elephants teeth, the-hundred, cont. 11.2 p6und ivL Emery done*, the hundred weight cont. 112 pound vi& a.

Ebony wood, the hundred weight; coat. 112 pound J4.

y&*W.3*

a so.

r f For corn, the piece.	—■	» ■ vj s»	vi*j

S 1 of paper, the dozen.	—~	— rj viij	a.

9 J for women and children Freti/ch-making;

L the dozen

f for beds* the 112 pound	■	ivl.

if yi

iv^^ ^d^feathe^} i1*

....................«L

iji.

a

15 Car.i. c. 7, hfofe, 72»a/ a/7

Enghfh taken ana brought in Enghfhflips > ought to fay no cuftomt as by tie fiat. 10. Eliz. Keg. cap. 5.

ivd. iv.d. rv d.

ivd.

Leftridge or oftridge dred, the pound

Feather-beds old or new, the .piece.	- ----ij 1. xiijs.

Felts for cloaks. French-making, three yards 1 and an half long, one yard and an half > ivb

broad the felt	  »	 J

Fiddles for children, the dozen,	—-----

Fire-lhovels, the dozen —■■■» -	—

Fire-fhovcl plates, the hundred weight coat. 112 lb,

Figuretto, the yard .-----------

Files, the groce, containing twelve dozen f Cod-fim, the barrel	-

\ Cod-fi(h, the lad, cont. twelve barrels < Cod-fifh, the hundred, cont. fix fcore

I Cods-heads, the barrel --------- -----

LCole-filh, the hundred,, cont. fix fade * j fPimper celes, the barrel f I Shaft, kine or dole eales the barrel 2 < Spruce eeles, the barrel Tt I Stub eeles, the barrel . !

^ {_ Quick eele?, the (hips lading

Gull (uh, the barrel.	—*---

Haddocks, the barrel : r- —« f white, full or (hotten.

iv «L

h

I**

cf \ white, full or (hotten, the lad# coni. *5 < twelve oarreb — - —

►S ] red, the cade, , cont. 500 J. red, the lad, cont. 20 cade*

Lampreis, the piece

xv $4

XUfS.

• • «

XUj 3.

viij*«

• « 1

y ••

xxijs.

iil; *js. vuj lij s. i

J».

i*.

i 1; x*.’

ill- ,	....

ij 1. *j». TUJ&

XX \.

vj s. viij d, vjs*' viij d. the barrel — viij a# tv d.

I

vl.

viijs.iv<f.

Viij I. Vj s. viij d.

j.8.

Lings of all forts# the hundred, cant. &t (core iii 1« vjs. viij d. Newland ifh fmall, the h‘und...co»t fix fcore x a.

Ncwland fidi, middle fort, the hund cont. 6 fcore-j h

Newland

'6 6a.] Aiwa 4na4edt^° Caroii tl.:

“Newland fbh great, the hand. cant. 6 feore j 1.. xs,

Salmon, th$ barrel	— —	■	— ij 1.

Salmon gifies, the barrel —-	■ . — xv a.

Seale fi(h, pe.fiih	* — ■ ■	■	— xiij s. ivd.

‘CropUng, the hand, cant. 6 feore — xuj #. iv CropUng the laft, cont. iaoo I	vjL xiij s. iyd.

~ - Lubfifli, the hupd. cont fix (cane —— j 1. v] $. viij id.

2 1 Lubfifli, the laft, cont. XOQD	  - xiij 1, vjs. viij d.

Titling, the hand- cont. fix feore ——r vjs. vujcL ^Titling, the laft, cont. 1000 ^Whiipng the barrel -	■	—

flannel, the yard



I

’ covered with leather, the dozen	T"

' covered with velvet, the do^en	■» -

of horn the dopen —	—

‘ Spruce, Mufcovie, and all flax undreft, the hundredweight, cont. nz pound a — dreft or wrought flax, the hundred we^g^t, ^ containing 112 pound	■	-

Fleams to lead blood, the piece m/	——

Flocks, the hundred weight, cont. 1x2 pound Flutes courfc, the groce, coat. 12 dozen Freeze of Ireland, the yard —

Frizado, the piece, cont. 24 yards “ Arinins, the tymber, cont 40 (kins

Badger (kins, the piece -------

Beare (kins black or red, the piece.

Beare (kin* white, the piece Beaver (kins, the whole piece Beaver w0mbes, thp piece —;—£

“whitp taw’d, the hundred, cont. five (core (kins

iij 1. vjs, viijdL iijs. iv d. j viij <|. vs.

I

I



black tawed, the dozen (kins . . «—— black untawed, the hundred, con v five } feore (kjns ■ ■	—	- ■— j

Ponies the for, cont. 4 pains ■ —— _

Navern, the hundred legs, cont five feore viifs. iiij d.

. Rumney, the hund. legs, cont. five feore vjs* viii d, u untawed, the tymber, cont. 40 (kins - vj s. viij d»

JS' tawed, the tymber, cont 40 (kins — viij s.

•34' fcafoned, the paine ——	—— j 1.

u	the	pame ----------	—— xijs. vj<k

* (kins, the hundred, cont five (core — ij I.

2 poults, the hundred, cont. five feore - j h £ J poults, the mantle —	——^	vj s. iij <L

(^wombes, the paines or mantle ---------- vj s. iij d.

Dokerers, the tymber, cont. 40 (kin9 -----xiij a. ivd~

Fitches $ Ac tymbcr» £anU 40 (kins	—— xiijs. tvd.

( the pane or mantle	—*	— xijs. vjd.

{the black fox (kin	——	——•	xl.

the ordinary (kin	——	f$. ivd.

the pain or mantle ^ —	——	xva.	I

wombes, poules, or pieces the pain — xs.

Foynes backs thedo2en	—•	xiij s. ivd.

tFoynes tailes, the pain or mantle	———	xijs. vjd.

PnvnM

m.



i^mp.duodccitnp Car«li II. c.4;	[166^

of fpruc$ cor danfce the neft, containing ) . , • three chete .	—•	—  J J.l. X. I.

painted the down

final] the piece

Chimney-back* j ^

China peafi?. $he pqun< jChizcls for joiners,-the dozen -r Citterns, the doe^n.

-	11. I.'

** 1 ...

—	yj.a. my.

r. xuj* *•' iiij. d. iy Si ivd*/

^^eo.i.c.x5. Gocheneale c Ann. c. 8,

T *•••»'•• ►

IL ..	..	.	.

f“the./mall hundred, containing fix-) <__•' ' piaphonlt. \ /core, taefr	■' “■ft **'•	-

*■ dr j< the ring, jeont. two fmaU hnodiw jj. 1. x.s. plapboard /the:great hundrodi, pc^t, twenty* j

. .vi idwy - ..r—r\ »!**•

Clan cords the. pair _ c,-r‘j -*■ - . . •- v:	f	XUJ,»},«u.4ii

'Cloakeiojf felt thejjiqc© .,.	-■/	«|n	J	tj.l. ‘

All manner of jvooLeh clot bx. imported per>y>id. o wj,l.

' i	'	j

. . 'T \

••	»	t,	|

vj.Se

vjocatf S.jdy«r.

eneale the pound • -	-	J

and Campeache co-|hepound ,. ..

Coals of Scodand tSe_ton '** i- -	^	yi.s.vii^d*	*

Ccover^Vith	on;	-	-	•

\coveried ^itftvel^’ljvidpjsea /^cW-rfrr^ iv.l. ? vm •

1	-	-	•_l! _:	-	-	-A — -	-1----—---- -	*

' fyocatr &rty*j A coAetieaL ale ^ pf .alt fcr& j 'Sy^yeiler L ch®i«8ie»:

» e _ m 'I

t«i\yith iron barsf	^°At..	threa.-fip^prs	J- lj; xij. s.

hphhi the • ne^,7 Containihg.rHree coffers	w- xii^ a. w* d.

Lfliiflte&thB	.three	roffers^j	b':rm	??>«.

Comalhes. .out of Tofk^y*-ithe piece ejrrrrrr-r ’ ^fer wool the phir, old-or new’	—:—rr	•¥••** •

of bone Jhjfc pound ... — , * ,!;:V! if j	ivta*

of box the groce^iffipt* jzdote* j x.s*

: lighiwSo^cOmbes the groce, co|igtie~ ^

h

u

voc: 1

ing .1.2 dozen of home for barbers, the-dozs*. of ivorip, the-pound

J vjvs. Tiij/d,

* ij- •• * * i ’ X« A« : iv. s..

^vocat. hdrfccombs, the dozen- ■—

Comfets the poturtd:	.v-tt.

v	f.qf iron-for carpenters,, the dozen, - ij, s,

Cfompaffesx.of! bprais,	the dozen	- ‘ >■ ■>	iv. s.

Vr. t-fox fliips,	the dozen —	vij. s. v>.i

r unsought.bricks^orplatfes round: or /quart,)	1

t \ .L the hundred weight cont« nx, poundsV x, y.

»Ann.c.,«. §.<( or rofc copper	. —	’-J	'	•

o J chaines, thc.chaine -	^—r-	ij. s.

tpurles or plate the marke ^	------------- vj. $. yiij, d.

Coppetais green jthe hundj-ed weighty cpnuining )

112 pound.	——------------------—	J	XY#S*

Cordage or ropes tarred or untarred the hundred.)	....

' weight, containing jra pound • “ k ’ ‘-- -7- J s‘

Tories farbR 5 of irou thoufarid -------------- vj. s. viij. d.	,

fOr t ?acks { of ficel	the thodfand	---- j. 1. xiij.s. m d,

for Ihoemakerv the dozen piece$	—	iv. s.

of all other Foils the hundred weight, con** f .......

taining iu pound •	•	-	\	^vj.s.vuj.d.

■	Pn

t*

£

V.*

vjl^ viij. 4^

► iij. iy. d,.

v. a.

f €6o.J Anno duodecimo Caroii IL c.4;

- '“Wheat imported not exceeding the" price of five shillings fix-pence the pt&ihel at the place of importation

bp4he bufhel —	......

Whm it (halt exceed that rate by the i

. quarter '	----- ~ —r-

“ Imported fiOt exceeding the price of' tour shillings fix pence the.boihel at the place of importation by the

bufhel „	  —---•.

when it shall exceed that rate by thi ‘

quarter #	 r—	»	■

| Imported, not ’ exceeding the”

Beans V price Of three shillings fix Barley < pence the bufhel at the. place	Iv.^L

Malt I of importation iij.s. iiij.<£ by\

L thebufltdi	——	 )

When it shall exceed (hat rate, by the quarter - y, s.

Coverlets of Scotland, the piece. ---- -----  ■	xv.	a.

.Counters of latin, the pound	r-* ,	-	■	j. s. 1

f laths thejpound	■	—	vHj.	d.'

Crofbow < threed, the pound —	viij.d,

(racks, the piece ■ —~— x.s. f of (tone without covers, the hundred, \

Crufes d containing five (core -	—	■	,	■	j	* *

( of done with covers, the hund.cont.5 fcore > 1. vj.s. vil^d.

Cufhians of Scotland, the dozen «	  £.«.

ij.1. x.s. uij.1. fc.s.

Cufhen-cloths J *°nrfe’ d(?enJ

( of tapefhy, the dozen

Cuttle bones, the thoufana

lilt.

j.l.

v>- s, tiij.d.

Daggs with fire locks, or fnaphances, the piece j. L r blades, the dozen	-	]»1.	vj.

5 \ for children the dozen	   liij.	s*

§g< of bone for children the dozen .	■	- ~ ij. s.

o /black, with velvet (heaths, the dozen - iij.I.

« I - ^ -1—	-	--	   iSj.l.

iiij.U

y. 1.

xij. I.

XV. 1.

iiij.S. v. s.

X. s.

i

with, velvet (heaths, the dozen T Meabro-deals, the hundred, cont. fix-fcoce \ Norway ideals, the hundred, cont. fix-fcore, • < Burgendorp»djeals, the hundred, containing )

•g I fix-fcore	----—	■	■1 ■■ )

p (Spruce-deals, the hundred, cont. fix-fcore ' w f or ftayes for books, - the dozen ■ ■	■

) for women to work on, covered with wool- 1

q J len, the piece ■ -------------------------  J

(for women, covered with velvet, the piece

Dials

of wood, the dozen

(of

( of bone, the dozen Dimity, the yard	1-

Pogs of earth, the grace

-	------- 111. s.

—	■	—	Xlj.S.

*«.

cont. twelve dozen with caddas the piece, cont. fifteen yards with (ilk the piece, cont. fifteen yards . with wool the piece, cont. fifteen yards yith thred the piece, cont. fifteen yards

vuj. 4.

375.

5 Ann. C. t.

j Ann.-c. I.



17$

mix

Anno duodecimo CAROL! II. 0.4.'

J French-making, the eU ( French-making, the yard

[*66oj

8* ?|» cl* •.

ij.s.

f (JPQ.I. C.I|.

e

2

h

bO

po:

Pugeon, the hundred pieces, containing five-fcore j. I Durance or j with thred, the yard Duretty \ with filk, the yard Patties,' the piece	■	—	-

" Acacia, the pound	r: ■ r

Acorus, the pound —

Adiadtuiii album, the pound Adiantum nigrum, the pound Agaricus or agarick,	Pr	P^fd, the ) \

pound	—	-—- —-r	1 J

Agaricus rough or untun’d, tfyp pound — v. s. Agnus cadus feeds, the pound —*	■	i.	s.

AficanetpoQts, jhe pound --------------  —	j.	s.

ISSitElc

Aloes-cicotrina, the pound *

Aloes-cpatica, the pound —

Allum joniftv or roch, the hundred* containing 112 pound	-— —'

Amberjgreece oivk or grey, the ounce

Ameos feed, the pound --------7	—7

Amomi feeds, the pound -------r	•—

Anacardium, the pound —--------

Angelica, the pound .	------- #-ir—

Antimpniun> prudum, the hundred weight, ) . •« containing 112 pound ~	■	—— J

Antimoniuxn preparatum or ftibium, the ~ pound	——	'	—

Argentum fublime or limum, the pound, or ^uickfilvey	* -	/-*■-

Anftolochia longa and rotunda, the pound j iiij & Arfnick white or yellow, or rofalger, the ) j-* ^

pound	.•	   -	—	J	,

Alarum roots, the pound -	■■■»	■ — j $

Afpalathus, the pound ■	—— j s. yj d.

Ahafcetida, the pound --------------- —

Almonds bitter, the hundred weight, cont.

112 pound —-----------

Alumen plume, the pound Balauftium, "ttye pound ■■ ■■

Balfiynum artificial, the ppupd Balfamum natural, the pound Bay berries, the 112 pound Barley huld or French barJey,

pound (a)	-----•.

BdeIJium, the pound ----------

Bcnalbum or rubrnm, the pound Benjamin of alj forts, the pound B^zer (lone of the Eaft-fndia, the ounce j j

* troy —

(*) 7 & 3 W. 3. c. xc.

Drflggs vocat.

#£60.] Anno duodecimo Caroli fl.

f Benner Aone of the .Weft-India, the opnce 1 troy —	-111—	■■■■■"	J	#

Black leade, theuipound ■ ■■■■■» ■ ■■-■- jl. is.

Blata Bizantia, the pound ^	—	 ij	s.

Bolus communis, or armoniacus, thehun- !•	•...

dred weight, cont. 112 pound , . — J Bolus verus the pound, or fine bole »■ ■ -*■ viijd. Borax in pafte or..unrefined, commonly) ... . • • called Tuickull,. the pound	*	UJ	s'	lva#

Borax refined, the pound

$77

<

1

UJS.

xiij s.

Bunkins, holliwortles or piftolachia, the) ..	.A

pound ;	..	—p—	:; — j l\s;

CsdJainus,,the pound -	■—	 -	viijd.

Camplure refined, the pound ■	1	-*■	v s.

Camphue unrefined, the pound > ' ■■ ij s. Vj d. Cancri oculus, the pound ——	■— xvs.

Cantarides, the pound .

Caraway feed?, ffte I iapound Cardantomes, the pound Csupo bplfami, the pougd

•••• . . uij d.

Carrabe, or fuccinpm, the pound

Carthamus feeds, the popnd ----------

Cafiia fiftula, the pound, of all forts Caflia lignea, the pound

vs. # j 1. iv s. njs. ivs. js. , viij d.

J *•	-

ji. viij d. . xt.

jl. XI. vjs. viijd,

Yl *,.

Caftoreum or hevor cods, the pound Cerufta, the 1)2 pound .	—»- .	—

China roots, the. pound . ■ —	—

Ciceres white and red, the pound 1—

Cipexps longus fc rotundas, the 112 pound jj. xiij s. ivid, Ciperus nuts, thepoupd ■	■■■	- ■ -- vlij.d.

Civet, the ounce troy	■■	.	■	—' ij 1.

Coculus Indiae, the pound 7— .. — ij s.

Coloquintida, the.pound ------—	.	■— ij s. *

Coral, red or white in fragments, for phy-? ...	.

ficalufe, the pound 5	—------J ujs. ivd. .

Coral whole, the pound	—.	—• j L

Coriander feeds, the one hundred and?. .

twelve pound —	  J	J *•

Cortex guaci, the 1x2 pound	■ ■ ■ — iij I. ..

Cortex caperum, the pound . ■■ ■ -----------j g.

Cortex tamerifei, the pound , —	—	yiij d.

Cortex mandragorae, Uie pound ■■ -----------ij s.

Cofcus dulcis and amarus, the pound .	-	j s. viii d.

Cubebs, the pound —	.......j s, ivd.

Cumminfecd, the 1x2pound *	■	■ j 1. xiy«% ivd.

Cufcuta, the pound ■	—	— —* j s.

Cyclamen or panis porcinus, the pound — ij s.

Citrago, the pound	——	— j s.

Cetrach, the pound	—	 -	j s.

Cinabrum or vermilion, the pound -----------ij s. vj d.

C white, the 112 pound ■» -■ — ijl.

Copperas < blew, of Danike or Hungary, )	...

I the ns pound	—* J	J

Cambogium or gutta gambar, the pound - iij s. iv d. Chryftalin broken pieces for phyfick ufes,per lb. iij s. iv d.

’ ‘	%	,r	"	•'	Carlina,

I

Ann© duodecimo GAROLIII.

"Carlina, the^onrid •

Carolina the pO'uffd " ■ ■rri»

Cortfar wliiteranus7 the pound Daucuscreti'ciis, the pound .

Jgiagyediam hrfcaihbny,* p6und

wp^.- te'^zs*

Dprcmicum, .the pound • —1—

Eleboruf albas and Htger, the pound

t^ithdnidm, the/pound -----------

die proud-Euphorbium^ the pound Fennel ftfcds, thepound Fenqgreek; The f 12 pound Fh&t, tMrpourid- J-Folium IndiS; the podfid

Fox lung?; the gStmd ■---------

Frjbldndehfe" "oT FTSfftF or Pifrrof&i, the U2 p6und * ~—r-,~

Galbannhi, the pound Galanga, die pound General? the pound Gentling the pound: - *

Gifc&y pdpper, the pound Grana pin*,- the pound Green gih^er, the pound" ~

Gum' arami/ the' pound Gum arjtioniack, 'Thejjound GuiA Guilin1*, the pound Gum trdgagant, the pound '

Gum elemni, f^e pound Gum hederjE, the" pound -Gum laek, jhe pound Ja)

Gum opopaijax, the pound Gum larOocot, the“ p<fund"

Gum ferapinum the pound, or ftgapehum Gum taccamahaccae; thepbuhd*

Grana tinftofaffi ’ ------— "

Grain*-of Guinejr jbr French grain*

112 pound -i-	—^

GumArabeck, or gum’Seneca, the Run dred and twelve pound	■J|	aJ-

Gum fandrake, or gum juhiperi, the hundred and twelve pound Gttm guiaci, the pound	—

Gum caramen, the'pound	—

Hermoda&ilus, the pound	—-

Hypocidis; the pound	-	—

Homs of harts or Hags, the' hundred Incenfcor olibanum, the nrpbun4

Treos, the 112 pound ----------

Ifonglafs, the 112 pound (a)

Jujubes, the pound - ■

Jolop, the pound	—- -	-

Juniper berries, the ita pound

[*6Soi

* /

(f) 8 Geo. 1. c. ij.

Labdanym

OQ.

)J	Anno	duodecimo Caroli II. c.4,

Labdanuijl Ur Laasdonum, the pound — js.

Lapis Odlasmaans, Dm ii* poond •	ftjfc, viij.

Lapis Hematui*, tbe pound '	■	1	■■■	j	s,

Lapis judaiens, dts pound Lapis lazulfc Uss-pound .

Lapis tutjgy th» poanrl - — t n .., . j ■ w. roAs, thejbound-i-eaves	violator downs*, the pound - riijd.

Lynrifcus oi yylohalfamnm, the pound — js. viij <£.

Lignu*» alttsr-th* pound ■ ...... «	«».

I Lignum jUphaltoai, the pound Lignum .thadinm, the 1i-» pound Lignum vittfc, the ,u a psuatd ,<•

Litharge, of gold, the 112 pound-Litharge of hives, the 112 ]	*

Locuftj thfc pouad Lupines, the ua-pound Lentills, the pound Lapis contravenes, the ounce ....

Lignum nephredcum, the pound Madder K>ttSr--e* rubes dnfonftn, pound (*)	■	*	M-

Manna, tile pound-	•	-	*■

Marmelade,- thepound -Maftick whiter-the pound Mafticlc red# the pound	——

Mechoacan, the-pound'

Mercury fublimau the pound Mercury pnbeipitat. the pound Methridate Venetue, the pound Millions folia, the pound ——

Mirabolaner dry, the pound Mirabolanes, condited the pound Mirtle berries the pouhd ••

Mummia, the pound '>■■■*

Muflce, the ounce troy Mode cods, the dozen Myrrha, theponnd - <■ ■■

Nygella, the pound	——1 -

Nytrum, the pound	■

Nutmegs condited, the pound Nux de benne, the pound Nox enpreffi, the poond Nux inaica, the piece	-	....	-

Nux vomica, the pound «—......... ■

Nardus Celtica, or Spiw Romans, the ]

1 iz pound. —	■	—	■■	<

Nux pmi or grsrna pini, the pound ■ ■'

Olibanum or incenfe, the 112 poond ——

Opium, theponnd	- —■.	------

Oupium huirredem, the pound	—*

Orcant or almiet, the pound	■■	■	-

o^s^,	n

Origanum, the pound ■■ —	..	....

C

Ofla

m) t Geo. x. c. >

h

i-

37*

2

$8e

,G«o.i.c. tf. ^

So<

2

o

S Geo.i. c.15.

Atuto duodecimo CarolI II.

*Ofla dc cofde.cervi, the pound Oyle of amber, the pound ;

Oyle of rofemary, the pound Oyle de bay, the 112 pound Oyle of mace or nutmegs, the pound Oyle de ben, the pound —

Pyle of (pike, the pound Oyle of'almonds,'the poraid ,

Oyle de fcorpfons, the pound ,

Oleum petrolium* the pound Oleum turpentine, the pound '

Orabus, the. pound •

Orpment or auripigmentum, the m pound Panther,, the pound •U*—*

Panis poncing*, wtdr cyckmor Pearfebfcaten, the ounce troy Pellitdrie, the pound -	■

Pepper long* Ae pound- - —

Perrofen,. nridt franckinfencc '• -Piony feeds*' the pound !	■■■■	.

Piflachias or nox piftndiim, the pound-Pix Burgtfcdi*, the 112 pound -	—;

PoUnto rootfanum, the pound	r ^

Polipodlmn* *he pound ■■■ ■■■■< r -Pqfrcgranet pills, the j vt pound *-Popps feeds, the pound - —r-	—

Prseeijptate, veUU mercujrie precipitate — PfyUiunu the pound	■ - *«.«,«	—*	viij d.

PyuheUaies or-pnian* of Bnmolxa, the pound j t Quickfilver* wdr argentum unrupi ■ ■■■—. Rhapontikutn, the pound *—^	— xiij s.

Radix efuje, the pound -Reread* the 112 pound Rhabarbarupaor ruoarbe, the sound Rofalger,. the pound, vide armiek RofTet, the pound	—r

Radix contrt yerva, the pound Radix fc^jonerar the pound -Radix	the pound -	■■

Sal a^ali, the pound -Sal armoniacum, the pound .

Sal gem, the pound v Sal niter, the pound	———	-

Sandracha or gum fendrache, or gum 1..

junipeyi the hundred and twelve pound j ^ * Sandiver, the 119 pound —	.	-i-.-	■*	xs

Sanguis draconis, the pound Samrnrilla, the pound '

Saflafras wood or roots, the hundred and )

[x66<

iv

viijd.

!•'.. XV s.

viijd.

ivd.

ill.

viijd.

d.

ivd. )s.

xv\ s. viijd.

n*

vj d;

Hjs. ivd. iij’s. iv d. viijd. iv s.*

j s. viij d. viij d. j s. vj d.

viij s.

!. ivd. s. ivd.

I Geo.x. c.15.

twelve pound Saunders white, the pound Saunders yellow, the pound Saunders red alias dock, the 112 pound Scamonie, vide diagredium	—

.Scincus paring the piece —

iiij d.

S$ordimat

1660.3	Anno duodecimo Caroli II. ^4;

' Scordium, the pound —	—	vj	d.

Scorpions, the piece	—■ —	■■■ ■	iijd.

ScbefHnes, the pound —j s.

Seeds for gardens of all forts, the pound — viij d. Seler montanbs, the pound	■■■■-■■	viij	d.

. Semen cucumeris, cncurb. dtrul.shelonthfe lb. viij d.

| Sena, the pound	■*- ■■ ■	—— ij s. vjd*

SoldoncfU, the pound	———	  viij	d.

Sperma cacti fine, the pound	 v	s.

Sperma cacti courfe oylie, the 112 pound — iiij I. Spica celdca, vide nardus celtica, or fpica 7 Romama	—■ i

r$*i

Sanguis bird, the pound *	—

i Spicknurd, the pound	—

' Spodium, the pound	—

Sponges, the pound — Squilla, the 112 pound -—	-

Squinanthum, the pound —■■■■« Stechados* the pound — Staphifager, the 112 pound Stibium* atide antsmoniam preparation Storax calamita, the pound - Storax licpiida, the pound jj I Succus liquiritiae, the pound K 1 Sulphur vivum, the pound —

So

bo

e

o

Tamarindes, the pound Terra lemnia, the pound Terra figillata, the pound Thlafoii femen, the pound

Torn Jail, the pound ------—

Trocxfci de vipera, the ounce troy Treacle common, the pound Treacle of Venice* the pound Turbith, the pound	——

Turbith thaphae, the pound Tunnerick, the pound	—

Turpentine of Venice, Sdo or Cyprus the 7 e

pound	   S	}

Turpentine common, the 112 poupd ■ — x s. Talke white, the pound	——	vj	d.

Talke green, the pound	—	 ij	s.

Yerdigreece, the pound —	»-----js. viij d.

Vermin, the x ra pound	■ ■■ ij 1.

Vermillion, vide cinabriuin	- * ■■

Vitiiolum romanum, the pound	—— } s.

Vmber, the hundred weight, cont. impound jl.

Vifcus querdnus, the pound	 iv	s.

White lead, the 112 pound	■ ■■■ - - j 1.

id	- ■■

Wormfeeds, the pound --------—	 iij	s.

Zedoaria, the pound —	—	iij	s.

MXylobalfamum, vide lentifcus

All druggs imported dire&ly from the place of their growth in Englifh-built (hipping, to berated one third part of what is charged in the book of rates, and no more.

Diamonds, pearls, precious Hones and jewels* the 7 hundred pound value	—	—-J

iv d. ivd.

xs.

SGeo.i. C'i5»

t Geo.t. <^15.

fiGeo. *,c. 7.

Eartings,

$Si

A/foO duodecimo CAROL*, c. £



, ,	E	-

Barlings, the groce, cont. 12 dozen	■■■■	■	■	j 1/

"Brick Hopes, by the thoufad ,	;	i-	-r	■	j 1.

Flanders dies, to fcowr withr-the thoufa&d . ij I.

Gaily tiles, the fjbot t tj~-	-r4-r-	j s.

f Pavemg tiles, the thousand -	■■■■■	—	id 1. .

§ j Tiles called pan dies, the thoufand	—. viij I.

£ I All other forts of earthen warp not particu-1 w I	larly mentioned, to pay far wary twenty >

L fhillmgs value is. 6<L	-* )	.	,

Eggs, the hundred, cont. fix fcore -	------j si viij d/

Elephants teeth, the-hundred, cont. 112 pOund . xvJL Emery Bones, the hundred weight cont. 112 pound viij s. Ebony wood, the hundred weight/ cont. 112 pound j $,

7**W.3*

c; so.

loaen. —

ST for'women and children FfeOjch-makang,11 L dozen	■	—	v-	■■■■	|

viij d* viij

i

I

15 Car.s. c. 7*

Note, That *11 forts qf fijb Englijfh taken and brought in Enghjh jarpt) ought to pay no cufltm% as by the fiat. 10. Eliz. Keg. cap. 5.

les,

I

xv d.

iv. d.

hrd.

f For com, the piece.

« 1 of paper, the dozen.

1 1 for women and chil "ic dozen

{for beds,, the 1x2 pound

efiridge or oflridge died, the pound ij 1.

Feather-beds old or new, the .piece	■ ■ ■— ijl. xxijs. ivA

Felts for cloaks. French-making, three yards! and an half long, one yard and an half >

broad the felt	  »	)

Fiddles for children, the dozen.	-■ —

Fire-fhovels, the dozen .	—■■■» - -	—

Fire-fhovel plates, the hundred weight oont. nzjlb.

Figuietto, the yard .	■ — '

Files, the groce, containing twelve dozen ^Cod-fim, the barrel Cod-fifh, the laft, cont. twelve barrels Cod-fifh, the hundred, cont. fix fcorc

Cods-heads, the barrel .............  — 111

Cole-fifh, the hundred,, cont. fix fade —— j I,

«s fPimper eeles, the barrel -	—— jl.

f I Shaft, kine or dole eeles the baxteL j 1; g < Spruce eeles, the barrel	—•	ij 1. ...	.

*2 1 Stub eeles, the barrel !	ij	h	if s. *Hj d.

^ tQ«ick eele?, the Blips lading —---------- xx	h

Gullmh, the barrel.	-J----	■■	vjs. viijd.

Haddocks, the bafrel	: —.	ua;■—* vjs*' viijd,

white, full or fhotten, the barrel —— vfijs.' ivd. liite, fall or fhotten, the laft* cont. ) j twelve 'barrels — ■ -	— j *

the cade, cont. 500-	—.	viij s. ivd. ,

[.red, the laft, cont. 20cade* %	-	Viij	1.	vj5, viijd.

Lampreis, the piece —	— —-— j s.

Lings of all forts* the htmdrcd, cont. fuj: fcore iii 1. vj s* viijd. New land f.ih final!, the bund., cont fix fcore x s*

Ncwland fifh, middle fort, the hund cont. 6 fcore* j h

. : . *	Ncwland

iv h

• iv Si xiijs. xiijs. viij s.

ijl-

xiij s. hr d.

viijl. .

■ill, *J*. vuj

I

111 s.

xs.

u Haddocks, 1 > , « f white, *3.1 white, S 'g < tweli 3 I red. tl * f tto

>•1 Anna dap&cwflP Cakoli il.; cf.4.

Newland filh great, the hun4« cont. 6 fcorc j 1. xaf Salmon, thp barrel	—r—	——	i] 1-

Salmon girks, the barrel —	—	xys.

Seale fiih, tpe.fi(h * ——	——•	xiij s.

g rCropUng, the bund. cont. 6 (core > Cropping the lail, copt. iood <S J Lubfifli, the hupd. copt. fix (cose 2 j Lubfilh, the laft, cont. ioqo g Titling, tne hand* cont. fix (core I <£ LTitling, the laft, cont. 1600	-

LWhining the barrel	- ■ ■■■■ *

nnel, the yard	■	—	—

covered with leather, the dozen covered with velvet, the do^en of horn the dopen -Spruce, Mufcovie, and all flax undref^, thje hundredweight, cont. 112 pound — dreft or wrought flax, the honored weag^V

_ containing 11a pound	«■',...—‘

jams to lead blood, the piece ;	—^—

acks, the hundred weight, cont. 1x2 pound iites courfc, the grace, coat. 12 dogen — eeze of Ireland, the yard —	—

izado, the piece, cont. 24 yards

ivd, xiij s. Ivd, vj L xiij s. ivd. jl. vj *. viijd. xiij U vjs. viij <L. yj s. viij <L iijl. vjs, viijd* iijs. iv d.

j »- viijd*

vs. *

xvL

ijd.

Hi.

I1-.

ix d.

viij L

Armins, ’the tymber, cont 40 (kins; -------- ij 1.

Badger (kinp, the piece ----------- ■	—	ij s.

Beare (kins black or red, the piece . ■ - —r i 1*

Beare (kins white, the piece	■ -----ij,L

Beaver (kins, the whole piece	—— vj s. viij d*

Beaver wOmbes, the piece —:—— v r- j ^ viij d; "white taw’d, the hundred, cont. five 7 *.|*

(core (kins ■■ — —■»	—i	^

black tawed, the dozen (kins .---------j L yj s. viijd*

& black untawed, the hundred, con v five |

iijl. xs.

8

r

CM

(bore (kins

Ponies the £ur, cont. 4 pains ■ —~ j l.

Navern, the hundred legs, cont five (core viijs. iiij d~ Romney, the hund. legs, cont. five fcore vjs. viij d, untawed, the tymber cont. 40 (kins - vj s. viij d, tawed, the tymber, cont 40 (kins — viij s. feafoned, the paine	■ - j ■	——	j l.

0 (fagg, thepaine	r-----	—* xijs. vjd*

(kins, the hundred, cont five (core	— ij 1.

poults, the hundred, cont. five fcore - jh

poults, the mantle ------—	—— vj s. iij <L

wombesr, the paines or mantle ---------- vjs. iij d..

Dokerers, the tymber, cont. 40 (kins -----xiijs. ivd.

- • J the tymber, cant* 40(kins ■ xiijs. ivd.

*( the paine or mantle ——— xij s. vj d.

f the black fox (kin	—	——— xl.

§ \ the ordinary (kin ■■ -■«—	——	js. ivd.

jg | the pain or mantle —	-	xv s.	I

twombes, poules, or pieces die pain — x s.

Foyncs backs the dozen	—■	—— xiij a. iv d.

iFoyncs tailes, the pain or mantle	————	xijs. vjd.

Foynes

'Atari duodecimo GadMtfB.'6a£ [^kSE

"with tailci/tJw piece - •"*	-^.i#0-fcriL.

without thetailes, the pitte, »■«* *riv8. ^	"	I

mw, the piece	— --■» v - •*'****- f»*r l * ■

poults, the hundred, cofcfc. fivefcot^e ^$1 *jf. viij d. wombs fcafoned, die pain 6rma»t{b^ -	arSj	d

wombs flag, the jjaih oi1 mantle — xvs.

^Vun^ed, the timber, cant* forty ^

tawed the timber, cont. 40 flans -

black, raw the Ikin' black, feafoned the Ikin | gray, raw the Ikin — Bgrar, feafoned the Ikin

•• *	jr"	•

xi/Si yj d. xv|tt viij <fc*

•	iij's.*

•	if $•

vlijs. iv 4#

yj $.* . jl. vs»

vL

•	ijl. XS-r X U

lx L xs. xij s.

inj dr

a

a

a

U*

I tawed, the tymber, cont. 40 (kins *-cwu f unuwed, the timber, cont. 40 (kins Leopards fkins the piece	——	——

Leopards wombs the palne	~

Lewzemea fkins, the piece	—r~—

“ the tymber, cont. 40 fkins .	—

L ain or mantle	-------

the pain or mantle	*■» ■ -—

the tymber, cont. 40 fkins > » «.*-s, the hundred cont. five fcore	—»	ij).

Miniver, the mantle	■ - ■■	—*iij s.

Minkes unuwed, the timber cont. 40 (kins iijj.-Minlces uwed, die timber cont. 40 fkins — iv 1.

Monle fkins, the dozen *-*-*-	 vj	d<

Otter fkins, the piece	—	vs.

Ounce Huns* the piece	*ij	s<	vi	dr

Sables of all forts* the tymber cont/ 40 fkins xxx 1.

Weazle fkins, the dozen	   ivd.

Wolf (kins tawed, the piece -----------4— Jl. xj*

Wolf fkins unuwed, the' piece	f 1/ flj s.

Wolyerings, the piece —	—— xij 3. vj dr

“Amftcrdam, Holland or Dutch ftiftians the*>

piece cont. 2 half pieces, of i f yards > viij I. ‘ the half piece ^	#	—	J

Barmilians, the piece coitt. two half pieces	viij 1.-

Cullen fuftians, the piece cont. two half pieces viij 1. Holmes and Beverncx fuftians, thebalecont. I

45 half pieces —	 «

Holms ana Bevemex fuftians, the piece t ....

cont. two half pieces	<	)	uj	I.	xsr	/

Jeane fuftians, the piece cont. two half pieces iii 1. vij s. Millain fuftians, the piece containing two ....

half puces ——	—---i;

Naples fuftians, tripe or Velure plain, the '	.	,

half piece cont. feven yards and half ] ‘ 1V **

IxxjH/

Naples fuftians, tripe or vekire plain, the , ^

piece cunt. 15 yard — ■ ■■ ■	 j

Naples fuftians, tripe or veltire plain, the yard Naples fuftians wrought voc. Sparta Velvet, the half piece cont. 7 yards and half Naples fuftians wrought, -or Sparta velvet L the yard. .	   —

viij I>

XS.

vj 1/

xvj.s*

Fuftians

r66o*] Amo duodedtoo CaAoli If. c. 4.

{OArnw orAvnftt fbftiftBSi the biccc ? • y

emit, two half pi«CM; ------*-fnrl,x*‘

with th» yar*	—•	——	s.

jrf weiu^l tht pweceet. two half pieces	1. _

F ufles of cloves, the -pound	■	——	—— Sjs. vjd.

'	G

Gadza of slHbrtswithout sold or silver, the yard Gads* ftript withhold or mver, the yard ------v s

Gallydifl**, thad^zen Garnets

I finafl r&ugh, the pound | finali or great, cut, the pound

$

iijl.

viijd.

fjd.

Gantlets, the pair, — ‘	 —	   ivs*

Garten of filk French-making, the dozen pair - Hj 1*

Gaults, the hundred weight cont. 112 pound (a) ij I.

Gimlets for vintners, the dozen	 —	yiijs.	^

"of cruel, the groce Cont. 1* dozen * *— ijl* xiijs. ivd.

‘ of leather the groce cont* 12 dozen — iy 1. rj s. vilj d« of filk,a the dozen	——	* * y	U

of velvet, the dozen -----	—	iiijl.

of woolen, the dozen * —	  j	1.	tlj	4.

Lof counterfeit gold and silver, the dozen — J1.

Glades for f Burgundy white the cheft (b) —— iij I. xr 7.

Burgundy coloured, the cheft —— v I. vs. Normandy white, the cafe 8 — j 1. xs. Normkndy coloured, the cafe — iij I. xv Jr*

O

windows roc.

Glaflcs for^ windows

1 Rheniih the way or Web, cont. 60 ? bunches	——	* j

ivld xs*

Mttfcdvy glafi or dude, the pound - Ij s. fVenicd drinkiiig gl&ffes, the dozen xviij I.

Drinking

Flanders drinking glades, the hun-. m t di-fed glafies	-■	■■■■■■

glaflbSp vbc* | Scotch and Frenth drinking glaf-fes, thehund. cont, five lcore Lconrfe drinking glaflks, the dozen

{Burning glades, the dozen	•-*— -

Balmeglafs, the noce cont. ti dozen

Vials, Sie hundiedcOnt. five fcore---

Water glades, the dozen

ji-

vs*

U0

*><

‘J

8

1-1

halfpenny wale, thegroce cont. 12 dozen - vfijs. penny ware, the groce cont* 12 dozen —— xvj s.

of fieel fmall, the dozen	■	■	  -	xiij	s', iiij d.

of.fteellarge	»■ — -	------1— Jl. vj s. viij d.

of chrlfial fmall, the dozen under Nd6. — Jl. xs. of .ehriftal middle fort, the dozen N° 6. ■	—	lii	1.

of chriftal fmall, the dozen N° 7, 8, 9, 10. vj |; of chriftal; the dozen N° 11, 12.	•	-	-	jmrl.

f of Flanders making ctfurfe, the groce ? .... cont. 12 dozen	—;----------J } *

XV s.

, Hj s* lifs.

vys. Vjd. Xvs.*

*&»•

Houre 1

glades | of Flanders making, the dozen fine ~ j I.

(. of Venice making, the dozcif ■■■ —. lii J. Glafs done plates, for fpeoacles rough the dozen il.

* **of chriftal feral!, * under N° 6. *

Glafs plates or fights for looking glaf-fis unfits. .

lates f°

*^i°

the dozen

}>'■

of chriftal, N# 6. the dozen -— ij 1. of Chriftal; N* 7,8,9,10. the dozen ivt. ofchriftal, N° 11,12. the dozen xxx 1,

*	(m)	8	Geo.	i.	c.	15.	(b) 7 U % W. j, c. 20.

Yoi. VII.	C 0

Glafi

17$

jornix

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. 0.4/

.J French-making, the ell ( French-making, the yard

[16604

*•	t	■

jj. s. Yj.d*

ij. si

10W.|. c.if.

• •• t • • 7i

SP

Xh

Q

vj. s. viij.d,

x .f •

h.b

wj. *, js.

viij.d,

vj d.

Aea	.	,

Alkanct fOQts, $he

Alchemes

| fyrrup thepound I confe&io, the ounce

pugcon, the hundred pieces, containing five-fcore j. L Durance or ( with three, the yard Duretty f, with filk, the yard Patties, the piece	—

‘Acacia, the pound	rr*-r

Acorns, thepqund -----------

Adiarituih album, the pound Adiantum nigrum, the pound Agaricus or agaric);, flr^n’4 pr parpd, the ) \ .

pound ‘	*■——	■'	- 7- j *

Agaricus rough or unttjm’d, tty? pound —

Agnus callus feeds, the pound —*	■«—	r	* j. s.

— J.

—y VJ. 8. Vtfj. <L

■ ■»- iiij. s.

Aloes-cicotrina, the pound	■■■ ■■■ ■ - y. s.

Aloes-epatica, the pound —	——	ij. s.

AUum roniih or roch, the hundred# con- ‘ taining 112 pound	7—-#	•—i—

Ambergreecs hUpk or grey, the ounce

Ameos feed, the pound ■ ■	•	—7

Amomi feeds, the pound ......—V ■

Anacardinm, the pound —— -	—-

Angelica, the pound ,	  -rr-i	w	.

AnUmonium crud.um, the hundred weight, ? ..

containing x 1 2 pound -------  —-----J J ?

Antimonium preparatum or ftibium, the

pound	 —	■	■	■	■ —

Argentum fublime or limum, the pound, or guicklilve?	-——	-

Anftolochia longa and rotunda, the ppund j s. iiij d. Arfnick white or yellpw, or rofalger, the j jy: ^ pound ■	■	■	1	—— 1	*

Alarum roots, the pound -	 j	s

Afpalathus, the pound —	■■■	■	j	s.	vj d.

Alla feetida, the pound —	■	—	j	s.	ij d;

Almonds bitter, the hundred weight, cont. ) •• ^

112 pound ---------------------------  >	J

Alumen plume, ths pound ■	 jjs.

Balauftium, "the pound ■ ■	—	ijs.	yjd.

Balfamum artificial, the pound — ■ — iij s. liijd.

Balfamum natural, the pound Bayberries, the 112 pound

Barley huld or French barfey, the }l zl :i

pound (a) '	   .	 J	1

Bdeljium, the pound	------

Bcnalbum or rubrum, the pound -----------

Benjamin of all forts, the pound ---------

B^zer (lone of the Ealt-India, the ounce 1 troy —	   t	 J

X3.

xiij s. iiij d«

if s. vj d. ijs: vs*

iijl.

(a) 7 Sc Z W. 3. c. 20.

vocat.

#£6e.3 Anno duodecimo Carol! fl. c. 4; fBcaserftone of the.Weft-India, the ojroce | Xf/

Blade'leade, the xi 2-pound	1 »*■*;.-- jj}• x *;

Blata Bisantia, the pound *—	■	ij	*•

Bolus communis, or armoniacus, thehun-1

dred weight, cont. 112 pound , .--------J

Bolus verus the pound, or fine bole •— viij d.

Borax in pafte or. unrefined, commonly) . # «	.

called Tinckull, the pound -------------1	“J8,	"	f	*

Borax refined, the pound	■	t	^	xiij	s.	iiij	d*

*	-	-	-	—	^	••	 ■	j

ij s. Y) d*

1

Bunkins, holliwortlcs or piftolacjhia, the J

pound '_______■ s- ■■ .

Callamus, the pound . ——

Camplure refined, the pound Camphire unrefined, the pound Cancri oculus* the pound Cantarides, the pound .

Caraway feec^s, the 1 impound Cardamomes, the popnd Carpo balfemi, the pound . -7— Carrabej or fuccinpm, the pound J Carthamus feeds, the popnd . —

Caflia fiftula, the pound, of all forts Caffia lignea, the ppund

f?

P

viijd.

vs.

ij s. Vj d.

IV. S. .

vs.

jL ivs.

lij s. ivs. js. viijd.

j S. vjd. ;

j s. viij d«. xs.

j 1. X s. vjs. viij d,

Caftoreum or hevor cods, the pound Cerufia, the ij2 pound _	—r—

China roots, the. pound _

Ciceres white and red, the pound	r

Cipems longus k rotundas, the nz pound ji xiij s. ivid, Ciperus nuts, the poupd ■	■■

Civet, the ounce troy -i-	— ij 1.

Coculus Indue, the pound ■■	— ij s.

Coloquintida, the.pound	;, — .	»'.	ij s. *

Coral, red or white in fragment,, for phy- ? ...	. .	,

ficalufe, the pound	---------—J uis- lvd* •

Coral whole, the pound	j 1.

Coriander feeds, the one hundred and 7 twelve pound —

Cortex guaci, the 112 pound Cortex caperum, the pound Cortex tamerifei, the pound

Cortex mandragorae, me pound Cofcus dulcis and amarns, the pound Cubebs, the pound	■—■

Cumminfeed, the 112 pound	—■

Cufcuta, the pound ■ ■■ ■—

Cyclamen or panis porcinus, the pound •— ij s.

Citrago, the pound	——	— j	s.

Cetrgch, the pound —	■»	j	s.

Cinabrum or vermilion, the pound ■ ■■■■■— ■ ij s. vj d.

f white, the 112 pound ■■ ■■ ■* ij 1.

Copperas < blew, of Danfke or Hungary, ]	••

^ # I the 112 pound	-JLll J **	9‘

Cambogium or gutta gambae, the pound - iij s. iv d. ChryftaTm broken pieces for phyfick ufes,per lb. iij s. iv d.

'r	'	’*	Carlina,

B

P

Anno duotfeciino CauqliII.	C. .

“Carlina, the^onod	',i1'	■ '*■'

* Carolina the pOultf * "	“	1	—“■

Cortfer wliiteranu^ the pound s * ■ ■■ *■ Daucuscreticus, the pound .	■■

J&is$redium irftaih&ny,’ rtti^ pound

j	thefeWid	1

Drptawms.	fheptWdd

Dpronicum, .tfie pound-	——	—

Eleboru? albas and Htger, the pound ■ — 'EpilhdnUim, the pound. . ■■ ~	—

therpemnd-	■	■-■i

Euphorhium* the pound	■■	—

Fennel ftids, thTpound*

Fenugreek, ThTIfa COTnfl Flwjr, the pound > ■,bui.

Folium Indhe, the potSfid *

Fox lungp, the pOhnd	--	»■■	■■■—

Frtnldncehle' 'tfr“ FF5S7T or Pafitcfib’, the i 112 phunrt — .,.r,,7^r~	:	'

Gal ban nhi, thF pShnd ■	^

Galanga, the pound : V* -*i~	 *	■-

Generalthe“pound ~	■:	—r	—

GetftUn*, the pBund^......

Gtnhjr pepper, the pound Grana plnae,~ the pound	»■

Gret^i gtnge^ the pound	-U

Gum;amnfi/the“ pound----------—	iL

Gum anhloniack, iheponnd * ■* Guii feuiiinW, the pduhd	—-*—1

Gum tragagant^’ the pound ~	“	*

Gum elemni, tjke pound	-*—■	~l »*—

Gum hederay the“pouricT

Gum lack, $he pbund ?a)	'------*-

Gum opopahajr, the pound Gum fardocoV the pouncT Gum fera^inum the pound, or fagep^faum Gum taccamahaccae; the'pbuhd:	*	*	«*—-

Grana tinftoruifT * --------	"^

Grains-of Guinejrjbr French grains^ the 112 pound' -1-'	•	-	*■»—

GumArabeck, or gum Seneca, the Bun dred and twelve pound "■■|> fiit^ Gumfandrake, or gum ju'niperi, die hundred and twelve pound '

Gum guifeci, the pound * -*-Gum caramerf, the pound —	—

Hermoda&ilus, the pound — Hypociftis, the pound	1 - *	—

Homs of harts or Hags, the’ hundred Incenfe-or olibanum, die nrpban4

Ireos, the 112 pound —----------

Ilonglafs, the 112 pound (a)	—

Jujubes, the pound	—

Jolop, the pound ■ — -	.

Juniper berries, xhe 112 pound	—

(a) 8 Geo. 1, c. 1

[a 660

Labdanunj

rir

j66oJ Anno duodecimo CAKOLl II. c.4,

'Labdanuut tfr I*aoadonum, the pound ~ j's.

Lapis Callanunans, the x 12 pound - r *YJ s*. vi^ Lapis Hettatitis, die -pound	1	J	*•

Lapis jud^icus, she pound	. ——	-*•	j	s*

Lapis lazuli^ die pound. .	.	:	1	-	x	8m.

Lapis cutpey thepound	ie*

t ‘	■ 1 of roies, the pound-	■	j	a.

pf violator flowers, the pound - yiijd. Lyndfcus. 01 xylobalfamum, the pound — J«* vifli Lignum alees^-the pound •

Lignum jfthaUunij ahe pound Lignum .thodiam^ the u-a pound Lignumyitte, thexiepoott f\

Litharge, of gold, the 112 pound*

Litharge of filvet, the 112 pound Locyftj thtipoond-	——f

Lupines* the impound - —

Lentills, .the pound - ■

Lapis contraiverva, die ounce ...

Lignum nepnreticum, the pound *

Madder roots,, an jufaea riaftorwii,

pound (*J	 —*■	**

Manna, the pound •	»*«»<	*	<

Marmcladey thepound -	^

Maftick wihite^the pound	 *■	d}s.	’irdi

MafHck red# the pound ■■	Js*	a.	*

Mechoacan, the pound'

SqV Mercury fublimau thepound Mercury pmcipitat. the pound - Methridate Vcnettse, the pound Miliium iblis, the pound Mirabolanesdry, thepound Mirabolancs, oondited the pound Mirtle berries the pound • *

Mummia, the pound	»

Mufke, die -ounce tsoy Mufke cods, the dozen Myrrha, thepound	—t~

Nygella, the pound	—

Nytrum, thepound ■■ ■ ■ ■

Nutmegs confuted, the pound Nux de benne, the pound -Nuxcupreffi, the pound Nux inaica, the piece	—

Nux vomica, the pound ........

Nardus Celtica, or Spies. Romana,

HZ pound. ■ ■ ~	—

Nux pmi or grana pini, the pound -Olibanum or inccnfe, the 112 pound

m

X1JS*

Opium, One

the pound

pium huirredem, the pound

Orcant or almiet, the pound

amm* ointment* the pound Ormge flower	^	jjg*

.Origanum, the ponnd ■■ ■■■■■■

r

'*) t Geo. 1. c. >

Ofla

f

428	Anno	duodecimo	Carom II. c. 11.	[1660

ever kind or degree, civil or criminal, the injury is fuppofed t< be; and that no mention be made thereof in time to come, ii judgment or judicial proceedings.

The penalty XXIV. And to the intent and purpose that all names ai* upon any-per- terms of diftin&ion may be likewise put into utter oblivion, b wkh^three lt ^urt^cr  enacted by tjie authority aforesaid. That if any perfa yearsufe any or Perfons, within the fpace of three years next enfuing, (hi words of re- prefume malicioudy to call or alledge of, or objedt against an proach or dif- other person or persons, any name or names, or other words c grace, tending reproachy any way tending to revive the memory of the late dif memory of* fences, or the occafions thereof, that then every such peribi the late dif- fo as aforesaid offending, shall forfeit and pay unto the part Jcrenccs. grieved, in cafe such party offending shall be of the degree ofi gentleman or above, ten pounds; and if under that degree, thi ium of forty (hillings; (2) to be recovered by the party grieved by adion of debt to be therefore brought in any of his Majesty ’ courts of record, wherein no effoin, protection or wager of Ian shall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance, fo as the fame action be commenced or pcofecuted within fix months next after the offence committed 5 (3) and if the jury fwom to try a-ny iffue or iffues that shall be joined in such action, shall find for the plaintiff, they shall likewise give to every such plaintiff forty shillings damages over and above the penalty aforesaid.

Perions plot- XXv. Provided always. That this act, or any thing therein ting or defign- contained, shall not extend to give any benefit unto any person ing jjje Ini or persons who have had any hand in tne plotting, contriving or ccptcd n CX" defigning the great and heinous rebellion of Ireland, mentioned a6Car.i. c.33. *n onc a& pafled in the parliament begun at IVeftminfler the third day of November in the (ixteenth year of King Charley intituled, An abf for the fpeedy and effectual reducing of the rebels is his Majejlys kingdom 0/" Ireland to their due obedience to bis Myeft and crown of England, or in aiding, affifting or abetting the famej (other than such as by another ad intended hereafter to be palled shall be therein named, mentioned or exprefied to be pardoned ,) nor to endure to reftore to any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, (other than the marquefs of Or-mondy lord fteward of his Majesty’s houihold, and other the protefonts of Ireland^ and their heirs, and such other person aqd perfpns, as in apd by an ad intended hereafter to be palled shall be therein named, mentioned or exprefied in that behalf) any eftate, liberties, franchifes or hereditaments in England or Ireland, fold or difpofed of by both or either houses of parliament, or any convention a (Turning the ftile or name of a parliament, or any person or persons deriving authority from them or any of them, pr which was approved or confirmed by them or any of them ; nor to the mean profits, repts or contingencies or advantage of the fame.

Every perfon	XXV I.	And it is further provided and enaded. That every

pardoned may person or persons hereby pardoned, may plead the general iflue plead the ge- without fpecial pleading of this pardon, and give this ad of par-ncral liiue.	evidence	for	his	difcharge? and that the fame shall be

there-

t66o.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c.11.	229

hereupon allowed, and the advantage thereof had as fully to all ntents and purposes, as if the fame had been fully and well ileaded, and in such manner as any juftice of the peace, con-liable or other officer, queftioned for matters aftcd by them as officers, or in execution of their offices, may have advantage of the matter of their juftification upon the general iflue by them pleaded, by the laws and statutes of this kingdom.

XXVII.	Provided alfo. That this act, nor any thing therein Theft* aqd fe-contained, shall ex teed or be interpreted to extend to pardon a- lonietfincethe ny person or persons whatfoever for any theft, or dealing of any 4*h of MarA goods, or other felonies, fince the fourth day of March in the ^9' except' year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred fifty and nine ; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XXVIII.	Provided allb, That neither this act, nor any thing Thi* aft not therein contained, shall extend to acquit or difeharge any person t°^tend or persons from making reftitution of all such rents, fums of mo- reftoredupoo ney, horfes, cattle or other goods, which by a certain aft, or pre- *n aft for retended aft lately made, intituled, An a£l for repeal of two ads for peal of two fequejfrations, are required to be reftored to thofe from whom forfeque-they were taken; (2) nor shall this prefent aft be conftfued tottratu,n*-difable or bar the refpeftive owners or proprietors of and from

their several and refpeftive aftions or fuits at law or in equity, for or by reafon of the' said or any other^ents, monies, horfes, cattle or goods, which fince the five and twentieth day of July one thousand fix hundred fifty and nine have been by any person or persons wrongfully received or taken away, and. for which the said wrong doers are not in any wife indemnified by the said or any other aft of repeal.

XXIX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,	.

That no person or persons who by virtue of any order or war- a^ually'paid rant, mediately or immediately derived from his late Majesty, into any j>ub-or his Majesty that now is, or by virtue of any aft, ordinance lick trealury. or order of any or both houses of parliament, or any of the authorities aforesaid, or any committee or committee? afting under them or any of them, have feized, fequeftred, levied, advanced or paid to any publick ufe, or into any publick treafury

within this kingdom, any goods, chattels, debts, rents, fum or fums of money, belonging to any person or persons whatfoever, shall hereafter be fued, molefted or drawn into queftion for the fame, but that they and every of them shall be difeharged against all persons, for fo much and no more of the said goods, chattels, debts, rents, fum or fums of money, as their feveial and refpec-tive order of difeharge or acquittances extend unto.

XXX.	Provided alfo. That nothing herein contained shall Pcriont who extend to difeharge any person or persons who have been by pri- ^ney^ri-vate order or inftruftions employed and intrufted, or have un- vateljr for his dertaken the employment, to receive any fum or fums of money Majesty’* fup-for the King’s majesty’s fervice or fupply, flnee the year one thou- P*y»to ac" fand fix hundred forty and eight, from making their accountscount’ for the fame.

XXXI. Pro-

4^o	Anno	duodecimo	CAROLr	II.	c. 11 •	[i66<

Monies re- XXXI. Provided also, That this ad (hail not extend to pai ceived upon don or difchaige from account to the King’s majesty any per n^paxdoned. f°n or persons, for any fum or foips of money received fc that illegal tax of decimation, or upon the account of any mi litia fettled or a&ed in, fince one thousand fix hundred fort and eight, and pot accounted for or paid over, or difeharged t or by any that had authority or pretended authority to difeharj the refpediive receivers of the fame.

Perfons that XXXII. Provided alfo* That if any person or persons, bein have had di- his Majesty’s menial fervant or fervants, or having or pretenc regions or in- ing to have received particular inftru&ions or directions fror ftruftions his Majesty, have, during the time of such his or their relatio jefty! and have unto his Majesty, or whilft he or they were a&ing or pretend betrayed tbeir ing to a<5t for his Majesty’s intereft, in purfuance of the fai trutt, or his inftrudions or directions, wilfully, malicioufly and traiterouil held intelligence with any foreign prince or princes, (late o (hues, or with any person or persons ufurping fupreme authority in this kingdom or other his Majesty’s dominions, or with theii or either of their minifters or agents, and without his Majef. ty’s licence, and to the intent to betray his Majesty’s person or councils, or have received any fum or fums of money, or penfion for such treachery; that then such person or persons, as to the offence in this provifb mentioned, shall be and is hereby excepted out of this alt; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; fo as such person or persons be outlawed, or otherwise legally convided of such offence or offences, within the fpace of two years from the fire 2nd twentieth day of April one thousand fix hundred and Gxty.

XXXIII. Provided, That this ad of general pardon, or any Duties of ex- thing therein contained, shall not ex.end to the pardoning or cife, and from difeharging of any debts or fums of money due to or for the

Majefty's councils, excepted.

farmers thereof, excepted.

Perfons excepted by

excife of any goods or merchandize, whereof any entries have been made in the cuftom-houfe, which have grown due fince the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand fix hundred fife and eight, or to the pardoning or difeharging of any debts or fums of money due to the farmers or pretended formers of ex-cifc, fince the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand fix hundred and fifty-feven.

XXXIV. Provided also, That this adt, nor any thing therein contained, shall extend to pardon, difcharge, or give any other benefit whatfoever unto John Lijle, William Say, Sir Har-drefs Waller, Valentine Walton, Thomas Harrifon, Edward Whatley , William Hevcningham, Ifaac Pennington, Henry Martin, John Bark/lead, Gilbert Millington, Edmond Ludlow, Sir Michael Live-fey, Robert Titchbourn, Owen Row, Robert Lilbourn, Adrian Scroop, John Okey, John Hewfon, JVilliam Goffe, Cornelius Holland, Thomas Ckalloner, John Carew, John Jones, Miles Corbet, Henry Smith, Gregory Clement, Thomas Wogan, Edmond Harvey, Thomas Scot, William Cawley, John Downs, Nicholas Love, Vincent Potter, Augufiine Garland, John Dixwel, George

k66o.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. C.n.	431

Fleetwood* Simon Meyn*James Temple* Peter Temple* Daniel Bla-grave* Thomas Wait* John Cook, Andrew Broughton* Edward Dendy* William Hewlet* Hugh Peters* Francis Hacker* Daniel Axtel* nor any of them, nor to thofe two jperfons, or cither of them, who being difguifed by frocks and vizors, did appear upon the fcaffold created before Whitehall upon the thirtieth of January one thousand fix hundred forty and eight: (2) all whid^ persons for their execrable treason in fentencing to death, or figging the inftrument for the horrid murder, or being inftru-mental in taking away the precious life of our late lovereign lord Charles the Firft, of glorious memory, are left to be proceeded against as traitors to his late Majelty according to the ilaws of England* and are out of this prefent aft wholly excepted and foreprized.

XXXV.	But in regard the said Owen Row, Auguftine Gar- Perfons that land, Edmond Harvey, Henry Smith, Henry Martin, Sir appeared and Hardrefs Waller, Robert Titchboum, George Fleetwood, Jc.ndrcdthein' James Temple, Thomas Wait, Simon Meyn, William He- vcs' iveningham, Ifaac Pennington, Peter Temple, Robert Lil-

bourn, Gilbert Millington, Vincent Potter, Thomas Wogan \and John Downs, have personally appeared andrendred themfelves*

(according to the proclamation bearing date the ftxth day of June one thousand fix hundred and fixty * to fummon the persons therein named* who gai/e judgment and ajjifted in the said horrid and deteftable murder of our said late Sovereign* to appear and render themfelves) and do pretend thereby to fome favour* upon fome conceived doubtful words in the said proclamation;

XXXVI.	Be it enabled by this present parliament, and the authority of the fame, (upon the humble defines of the lords and commons in parliament afTembled) That if the said Owen Rowe* Auguftine Garland* Edmond Harvey* Henry Smith* Henry Martin* Sir Hardrefs Waller* Robert Titchbourn* George Fleet-wood* James Temple* Thomas Wait* Simon Meyn* William Heve-ningham* Ifaac Pennington, Peter Temple* Robert Lilboum* Gilbert Millington* Vincent Potter* Thomas Wogan* and John Downs* or any of them, shall be legally attainted for the horrid treason and murther aforesaid; that then neverthelefs the execution of the said person and persons fo attainted shall be fufpended, until his Majesty by the advice and afTent of the lords and commons in parliament shall order the execution, by a& of parliament tQ be palled for that purpose.

XXXVII.	Except also out of this prefent a & Oliver Cromwell deceafed, Henry Ireton deceafed, John Bradjbaw deccafed, and Thomas Pride deceafed.

XXXVIII.	Provided, That nothing in this contained The lands and shall extend to difeharge the lands, tenements, goods, chat-goods of the tels, rights, trufts, and other the hereditaments late of the said persons rend-Oliver Cromwell* Henry Ireton* John Brad/haw* aad Thomas thc,?‘ Pride* or of Ifaac Ewer deceafed. Sir Join Danvers deceafed, cepted”0

Sir Thomas Maleverer* baronet, deceafed, IVilliam Purefoy de-Cfeafed, John Blakifton deceafed, Sir William CorftabU* baronet,

2	de-

434	Anno	duodecbno	CaKoli II. cut; ' [1661

©fdet or appointment of the said truftoes, or any of them, 4 otherwise.

Bonds taken	XL VI. Provided also, That (Us aft do not extend to pai

-in hisMajef- don any bond taken in hit late Majefly’s name before th 2 * ’JVne J*" month of May one thousand fix hundred forty-two, for fccurin for'fecunties* ^ proper debt of any fcrvant or receiver of the revenue of hi of any hit Ma- laid late Mafefty, that hath net been poidto, or by order of jetty’s rtceiT- fonte lawful or pretended authority. And	by	an	order	4

ers, iwt par- /£/ fix and twentieth day ^fMay in tbt year mu tboufand fix btmdrt *6? ’ forty-mu, tbt that hm/t tf commons in parliament did accept the

of one hundred and fifty tboufand	as	a	from th

farmers of fevered	tufimsvoted to be and feme of th

feudfarmers did preatre and pay the laid whole of ono bunded and fifty tboufand pounds at too tf dm find	of-tom

and upon their defloration, that Jutb of tbt fend farmers as did mi pay their proportions, Jboodd not be pardoned, but proceeded again/, and out of their fines fatisfaOiem Jbeuld be made to tbofo tuba bad pci the find ono hundred and fifty tboufand pounds \ and in tmrjuam thereof did on the firfi of June then motet following , the	efiates offutb par font, living or dead, as have by colour ofany pa-

tent received monies from the fitly id, under pretence offilth cufienr, or have beat under-Jbertrs with tbt	ought	to	be	made titbit to reflitution	:

Payments op- XLvII. It is therefore provided, That this aft shall not exon propor- tend, nor be conftrued to extend, to pardon or indemnify any nsofijoooo person or perfbns, their heirs, executors, adminiftnrtors or af-the figns, who have not paid their proportions of the said one hundred and fifty thou (and pounds, or ought to have been contributory thereunto, from or against mifdemeanors or offences relating to the laid cuftdms, or from payment of their proportions : but that the eftates of the dead, as well as of the living, of ftich who ought to have been contributory, in whole pofleffion foever (purchafers bona fide, and upon valuable con-fiderations only excepted) shall continue and be charged and chargeable with the payment of their proportions, to all intents and purposes as if this aft had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithAanding.

Arrears of ex-	XLVIII. Provided alfo. That this act, or any thing therein

cite uoon beer contained, shall not extend or be conftrued to pardon or dif-"e’ charge any fum or films of money due and arrear for excife of beer, ale, or other native or inland commodity, fince the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand fix hundred fifty and nine.

XLIX. Provided alfo. That nothing in this aft contained shall extend to the pardoning or difeharging of any fum or fums of money due from any officers or foldiers to any of the fub-jefts of this kingdom for free quarter, fince the fccond day of Juiy one thousand fix hundred fifty and nine, or to difeharge any monies borrowed by any officers for preventing of free quarter.

tion I. upon cuftoflM.

and

Monies due for free qoar ter.

AotioduodieciiB^CAllott II. c.it.

L. Provided always, and be it rnaded by the authority i- Purchafer* orefaid, That no conveyance, affurance, grant, bargain, fale, harge, leafc,aflignment oflfeSfe, grants and fuf renders by copy of KnRX&c, t5 ourt-roll, eftate, Ihtereft, truft or limitation of ifty uft or enjoy theit f any martort, fends, tenements of fceifeditaifiefits, riot belilg pOrdufc*; he lands tfojr hereditaments of the late King, Qatea, pkmas* tr of any arshbriHopa* bifliOp*» deans, deans or chapters* hat «i«g lands or hereditaments /aid or given, or appointed, to bn rid or given, for tbe delinquency, or protended delinquency.

£ any person c(r pedons whatfoevcr; by virtue or pretext of ny act, order or Ordinance, or reputed ad, order or ordinance ince the first day of ^tatecryoifethouferid fix hundred forty and ne: (2) nor any ftatute, judgment or recogpiaanoe, had* nade, acknowledged Of ftfffered to any perion or pesfoas, bop. ies politick or corporate, before the runci and twentieth, thy of '■epttmker one thooiand fix hundred fifty auid nine* by any ctf he periods before.in this ad by ns rut excepted, or .their Min,

■r by any other pOrfon or perfoiid claiming by, from 6r under hem or any of drifo, other, than .thewife or wives, child* hildreo, heir or heirs of such person And persons, or any of hem, for money bona fide to them or atty os them paid or lent*; tor any Oattveyancd* aflujance, grant or eftate made before the ive and twentieth day of April one thousand fix hundred and ixty, by any perfoh* or periotrs to any futh person be perfons.. xcepted. by naifie, & atorefrid; in truft and for rite benefit of ny other, person of perfons; bodies politick or Corporate, not xceptid by natee, as.aforefeid, (half be impeached, defeated; nade void* Of ffufhateA hereby, or by the attainder .or con~ idiori-of any such excepted person or perfons; (3) but that he feme shall be held and enjoyed by the porchafers, grantees*

: flees, affigns,	ctftuy	qtuuftf ufivy	gilt truft, and every of them,

heir heirs, executors, adrmniftrstors and affigns refpedHvdy,' s if this a& had not been made, and as if the Dud person or erfons had not been excepted, attainted or conviiftod; any 1 w, ftatute, tffege of custom to the contrary thereof in any wile otwithftafiding; ,

LI. Provided always. That this ad, Dor arty thing therein £abfick lands, ontaitted, shall not extend to indemnify any person or persons tburch good, /hatfoever* who have entred .into any tneflrages, lands, tene* uten*“J« tents and hereditaments, called fabrick lands, or poflfefs them*

:lves of any rent or revenues given for the repair of anycathedral or ther church, or who have iacrilegiouily enriched themiclvcs by diverting tbe plate, or QtenfilS and materials, of or belongingto ny fucb churches, to their own private ufe and advantage, for r in refped of. the said crimes only. 13 Car. 2. fiat. 1.

7*

Ffa	CAP,

434.	Anno	duodecimo	Ca£o£i	II.	Cut.	[166

order or Appointment of the said truftees, or any of them, i otherwise.

Bonds taken	XLVI. Provided also, That this td do not extend to pa

-in hisMajef- don any bond taken in his late Majedy’s name before tl ? * j^e £** month of May one tboufand fix hundred forty-two, for fecurii for fecunri« proper debt of any fervent or receiver of the revenue of li of any his Ma- (aid late Majesty, that hath not been paid to, or by order t fifty’s receir- forme lawful or pretended authority. whereas an doned* P*r" ^	fi*ttnentietb dap	May in tbt year metbeufmifix bunk

lfCi ’ forty-one, the then hmfo tf	in parliament did accept	the	fi

of ene hundred and fifty tboufand	, as a from	t

farmers of fevered tujloms voted to be	, andfine if rj

faid farmers did procure and pay	of one	bunk

and fifty tboufand pounds at the of tbt fast htufe oft mm and upon their	declaration, at Jucb of tbe [aid farmers as	did»

pay their	proportions, ftxruli not be ,	but proceeded

and out tftbeir fines JetisfaSian fbouid be made to tbofie who had pc the find ene hundred and fifty	and

thereof did tn tbtfirft tf June then next following refibs, tk the spates of'fucb ptrfons, living	or dead, as have	b

tent received morns from tbt fitbjtB, under pretence offiuh or have been under-Jbartrs with the	> ought to be mis lie

bit to reftitution:

Payments op- XLvII. It a therefore provided. That this aft shall note* on propor- tend, nor be conftrued to extend, to pardon or indemnify and tionsot icoooo perfoa 0r persons, their heirs, executors, adminiftrators or af cuftwns. figns, who have not paid their proportions of the (aid one hundred and fifty thouiand pounds, or ought to have been contributory thereunto, from or against mifdemeanors or offences relating to the (aid euftdms, or from payment of their propor tions: but that the eftates of the dead, as well as of the living, of fitch who ought to have been contributory, in whom pofleffion foever (purchafers fide, and upon valuable con-fiderations only excepted) shall continue and be charged and chargeable with the payment of their proportions, to all intenti and purposes as if this aft had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Arrears of ex- XLVIII. Provided alio. That this act, or my thing therein cile upon beer contained, shall not extend or be conftrued to pardon or dii-and ale. charge any fum or fums of money due and arrear for exeife c| beer, ale, or other native or inland commodity, (ince the twenty-fourth day of June one thouiand fix hundred fifty and nine.

Monies dne XLIX. Provided alfo. That nothing in this aft contained for free quar- (fiall extend to the pardoning or difeharging of any fum or fums ter*	of money due from any officers or foldiers to any of the Ob-

jects of this kingdom for free quarter, fince the fccond day of July one thouiand fix hundred fifty and nine, or to any monies borrowed by any officers for preventing of free quarter.

• L. Pro-

i66o»] Anno.duodecimo Caroli II. c.12.	4|jr

other force, effed and virtue, than as if such courts, judges, juftices, commiffioners, officers and minifters, had aded by vir-tue of a true^ juft and legal authority, and as if the fame and the entry and inrolment thereof were in Latiny and as if the leveral ads and,ordinances or pretended ads or ordinances; made by both or either houses of parliament, or any convention affembled under the name of a parliament, or by Oliver,

Cromwell late (tiled protedor of the commonwealth of England^

Scotland and Ireland,and the dominions thereto belonging* and his council warranting or direding such proceedings, had been'good, true and effectual ads of parliament*

II.	And whereas, fince the death of the late. King, fevfral fines Fines levied have been lrjiedy without any entry or due entring of any bun paid without entry pro licentia concordapdi, commonly called the King's fiber% and

without entry or due entry of am fum given to the party for the con- 1 Geo.*, flat, i, cord} (2) and afo whereas in the term of St; Michael last paft^fe- c. 1. f. 4. veral fines were levied and recorded in the court of common pleas bev fore one judge only of the fold court;	'	♦

III.	Be it enaded, That the said fines and proclamations

thereupon, and every of them, shall be good and effcdual, noN withftanding the defcds aforesaid.	•

IV.	And be it alio further, enaded. That all fines, procla- Fines and re-mations of fines, recoveries, and other judicial proceedings in coverlet of the court of common pleas at fVefiminfter\ fince the death of his

late Majefiy King Charles thefirft, had, levied or fuffered, of any lands lying in the county palatine of Durbamy fliall be good and effedual, notwithstanding the said lands were lying in the said county palatine.

V.	Provided, That this ad or any thing therein contained The illegal]

(hall not be conftrued, deemed, or adjudged to make good, al-	andTpro-

low, confirm or countenance any the proceedings in the lats	of

illegal and unwarranted high courts of jufiice, or, fo called, or ofluftu* any of them: (2) and whereas fince the firfi day of May in the allowed. year of our Lord one tboufand fix hundred jflrty~one9 and before the

five and twentieth day of April in the year of our Lord one thoufimd fix hundred and fixty9 there were divers per Jons that adhered to-both houses of parliament, who, for or in refteft of such their adherence, were indiftei, charged or impeached of treason : (3) and whereat fince thefaid firfi day of Moy in the year of our Lord one tboufand fix hundredforty-one9 ana before the said five and twentieth day of April in the year of our Lora one tboufand fix hundred and ftxty9 divers berfons who adhered to bis Majefiy, or to the late King, were for such their adherence9 charged, Impeached or indUfed of high trea-(on :

VI.	Be it further provided and enaded. That the said charg- indidments es, impeachments, indidments, and all exigents, outlawries, &c. and all 9 convidions and attainders thereupon, and all letters patents grants there* and grants thereupon made, of any manors, lands, tenements UP?{1

or hereditaments, efcheated or forfeited by reafon of such at- VO! * fainder, and all title to any raefne profits by reafon of such conviction, outlawry, attainder or grant, be from henceforth

n*

43<?	a .Anno duodecimo CaroiA CAil (i65

CAP. XII.

An act for confirmation ofjudicial proceedings.

What a£hand TJE it enabled, and it is enacted by his Majcfty, and • proceedings JD. lords and commons in parliament aflembled, and by i ”ot bt a- authority of the ferae, fThat no fines, nor final concords, c! voided. rographs, nor proclamations of fines, nor any recoveries, ?i dids, judgments, statutes, recognizances,' nor inrolmems any deeds or wills, or of any such fines, proclamations, re veries, .verdicts, judgments, statutes or recognisances, nor? exemplifications of mem nor any of them, nor any inquifitia indi&ments, prefentment^ informations, decrees, fent«w probates of wills, nor letters of adminiftratlon, nor any writs, adlings on or returns of writs, orders or other proceedings law or equity, had, made, given, taken or done, or depend in the courts of chancery, King's bench, upper bench, csj mon pleas and court of exchequer, and court of exchequ chamber, or any of them, fitting at Weftminjlers • or ini courts of the great feflions in Walesj the court* of aiiy count] palatine or duchy of Lancafter^ or town of Berxtrici nxpon Tm or in any other inferior courts of law or equity, or by any tj Judges, clerks, officers, fheriffs, coroners br cninifters, or otba adting in obedience to them 'or any of them*- pr by any th courts of admiralty, delegates, jufticcs of affife, nifi pm^ m and terminer% gaol-delivery, juftices: of $\c peace,- comrofa ersoffewers, bankrupts, or charitable, ides, -nor any a<% -procefs, proceedings nor executions* thereupon had, madi given, done or fuffered in the kingdomat.England fince theft of May one thoufend fix hundred forty-two; shall be avoids for want or defect of any legal power in the feid courts, judga cosnmiffioners, jufticesor any of them; (a).or for or byre! fon that the premifies or any of them were commenced, pn iecutcd, had, made, held or ufed in the name,: ftile or titk i ' the late King, ior in the name, ftile, tide or* teft of atfodes. bertatis Anglia authoritate parliamenti^ or in the name, ftile, or teft of The keepers of the liberty England by authority offc\ Uamenty or in the name, ftile, title or teft of Oliver lord protefo of the commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland, and thei minions thereunto belongings or of Oliver lord protestor of the aA monwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland, and the domi: and territories thereunto belongings or the name, ftile, title or tel of Richard lord protestor of the commonwealth of England, Sc# land and. Ireland, and the dominions and territories thereunto k longings or for or by reafon of any alteration of the said names ftiles or titles: (3) or for that the feid fines, recoveries, pro cefs, pleadings, proceedings and other things before-mentioned or the entry and inrolment of them or any of them, were in tk\ tatin or Englijb tongue; (4) but (hat all and every such fines ^	recoveries	and	other	things	above-mentioned, and the a&irt^

doings and proceedings thereupon, fhaD be of such and of n<i

othei

439

i66e.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c.i«.

other, or barons of the exchequer, fajeants at law, commif-fions of fewer*, commiffions of bankrupts or of charitable ufes, made or conftituted by or in the name or ftiie of any die late pretended powers or authorities.

X.	Provided always* That it shall and may be lawful to and for every peffen or persons who shall find themfelves grieved or damnified by any judgment, fine, recovery, decree or fentence given, made, levied, granted or pronounced, in any of the said courts, to proceed in due form of law, either by writ of Writs of error error, bill of review, appeal or other lawful remedy, for the may be reverting, annulling or revoking of the fame, in such manner brought.

as they might at any time heretofore have done, if the (aid courts had been eAablilhed by lawful authority^ other than for thofe errors and defeats which are remedied or provided for by this a St.

XI.	Provided always, and be it further enacted by the aa-Non-claim op» thority aforesaid, That no non-claim upon or after any fine or on fines of fines hereby made good or confirmed, shall extend or be con- |*®jds (trued tobaror prejudice any person or persons, their heirs or fuccef-

fors, or their feompes or truftees (other than the parties to the-(aid fines and their heirs general and fperial, and his and their truftees) as concerning such right, claim and infereft, as they had in pr to any lands, tenements or other hereditaments, jvhich by colour of any a&, order or ordinance of both or either houfe* of parliament, or any convention fitting at Weft* ptinfter under t$e name or ftiie, or a (Turning the name or ftiie, of a parliament, fince the first day of in the year of our Lord one thouland fix hundred forty and two, and before the ' five and twentieth d*y of April in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred and fixty, were fold, conveyed or difyof-ed, as then or late the Ifnds, tenements and hereditaments of the King, Queen or Prince, or of aichbifhops, bifhops, deans, deans and chapters, or other ecdefiaftical persons, or as the lands, tenements and hereditaments of any other persons for their adberenpy to the late King or his Majesty that now is, or for arty their sitings relating to or in refpelt of {he late troubles 5 (2) fo always that the said person or persons aforesaid, their heirs or fucceifors, purfup their title, claim or intereft, by way of aition or iawful entry, within five years next after the nine and twentieth day of May in the year of our Lord opp thoq-fand fix hundred and fixty,

XII. And although In this confirmation of judicial	it The late go*

was	neeeffary to mention divers	pretenced alls and by the vemmeat de.

names andfiles which thofe persons then ufurped who f Upon them	***

to pafs the	famp, namyly,fame by thefile and name of the keepers »/'ulurped'

the liberty of England by authority of parliament’, and others by toe name ana file of protestors of the commonwealth England, Scotland and Ireland, and the dominions and territories thereunto -ing: (2) yet this present parliament doth declare, and it is furr Recognition ther ena«ed by authority of the fame. That the names and of1hj* Majef-ftiles aforesaid, and every of them, are moil rebellious, wick- **’* |U“ *“*•

4

43f	Aw»o duodecimo Caroli II. C.12.	[166

fepealed and difcharged: (2) and that aH efcheats, forfeits jmd confifcations, by reafon of such outlawries, cotiviAior attainder, be and are hereby reftored unto fucfi persons fo fl liwed, eenviAed or attainted, their heir*, executors and miniftrators respectively, as if no such attainder had been. $a|f» spade by VII. Provided neverthdpfc, and be it enabled. That ordiniinee at 3A or any thing herein contained (hail not extend to avoii pfUJffiept* confirm any lifts qr eftates made by virtue or pretence of j»A, order or ordinance, qr reputed aA, order qr ordmanc parliament, finee the firA day of JWaj in the year of our I pne $oufand fix hundred forty-two, nor any confirm* thereof made dr to be made thereof in this present parliam hut that finch fates Hand and be ini the fame plight and coi noh as they Should pr might have dqne{ if this tdt had not t ptide.	1

Repomimn. V}Q. And he >t further eqaAcd by the authority aforof «*; dpliga- That all recognisances, obligations dr other (counties, m names of the or given *P ^ beeMrj of the liberty of England autha Iat« proteft- of parliament, or to Oliver lord protector of me cpmmonwe on. - * - of England, Scotland and	ap^	the dominions therm

belonging, or tq Oliver .lord proteAor of the commonwealth England, Scotland and Ireland the dominions and territor thereunto belonging, or to Ehhdri lord prote&or of the cm monweahh of England, Scotland and	and	the‘donum

and territories thereunto belonging, and not pardoned or 4 charged by any a A palled Or. to be p*fT(rd this present parliatnt dr otherwife, (other than fetch recognizances, obligations 11 Securities, a? have been made and given to any the pretend powers or perfbns aforeffid, pr to any deriving or pretendii fq derive authority from them, by any person or persons, I * pr by reafon of their adherence to hi? Majesty or his raid h jroyal father, or related tp or arifipg only upon or in refped the late troubles 5 all which are hereby declared to be void, ai p> be delivered up to be cancelled;) (2) and plf iudgmeni Extents, inqulfitions, executions and fetzures had for me & keepers or proteftors, or any of them, and not likewise p* doned or difcharged^ other than as aforesaid, (half and may I had and profecuted in’the name and to the ufe of his IVfsjefi his heirs qr fucctflbrs; (3) and also excepting all obligation bonds or recognizances entred into to the laid keepers or feAors or any of them, by any person or persons, by order < direAion of any council of ftate, committee of fafety, maj< generals, decimators qr any officer or other person under then or any other militarypower; all which obligations, bonds an recognizances are hereby difcharged aiyd declared to be null m yoid to ali'intents and purpo'fes. • • • • •

Ju|»ices, fer- ' IX.. Prbvtded alfo,1 ana be it enaAed, That this aA or a/i jeanu. See.	thing therein'contained shall not' extend to Continue, after th

commifiibners	eighth‘day of Afoy	in the year of our Lord one thousand ft

£• r* ”*	hundred and fixty,	?ny jultice or justices of One bdnch or tin

’ • •	:	orher

*■660.] Anno duodecimo CaroIi II. c.14.'	444.

(aid for payment of any principal or money to be lent* or co-venanted to be performed, .upon or for any ufury, whereupon or whereby there shall be referred or taken above the rate of fix pounds in the hundred, as afbrefaid, shall be utterly void:

(3) and that all.and every person or perions whatfoeyer, which shall after the time afprefaid, upon any contract to be made after the (aid' twenty-ninth day of Septe, take* accept and receive, by way or means of any corrupt bargain, loan, exchange, chevifance, fiiift, or intereft -of any wans, merchandize, or other thing or things. whatfoever, or by any deceitful way or means, at by any covin, engine or deceitful conveyance, for the forbearing or giving day of payment for one whole year, of ahd for their money or other thing, above die fum of fix pounds for the forbearing of one hundred1 pounds for a-year, and fo after that rate for a greater or lefler fum, or-for a longer or (hprter term, shall forfeit and lofe for every such offence the treble value of the monies, wares, merchandize and other things fo lent, bargained, fold, exchanged or (hifted.

III.	And be it further  enacted by the authority afbrefaid. The forfeiture That all and every ferivener and. fernreners, broker and brok- of a jj«y«n*r ers, folicitor and folicitors, driver, and.drivers of bargains fa" ^ovefiveWJ-contra&s, who shall after the fiud twenty-ninth day of Septem- i;B— forthe * bertake or receive direCtiy or indirectly any fum or fums of forbearance money, or other reward or thing, for brokage, folicifing, driv- of an hundred jng or procuring the loan, or forbearing of any fam or fums °f	anda^

money, over and above die rate or value of five shillings for the	twel»e-

loan or forbearing'of one hundred pounds for a year, and fo pence for rateably, or above twelve-pence for the making or renewing of maldng a the bond or bill for loan, or for forbearing thereof, or for any bond* counter-bond or bill concerning the fame, shall forfeit for every such offence twenty-pounds, and have imprifonment for half a year; (3) the one moiety of all which forfeitures to bo to the King our fovereign lord, his heirs and fuoceflbra; and the other moiety to him or them that will fue for the fame in the fame county where the several offences are-committed, and not el few here, by addon of debt, bill, plaint or informations in which no eiloin, wager of lawor protection to be allowed.

Confirm# by 13 Car. 2. fiat. 1. e. 14. j - -

ca£. xrv.

An aS for, a perpetual anmverfary tbankfgiving. on the nine and twentieth day of May.

FORASMUCH as. Almighty,God the King of bingty andfoie Hf-

pofer of all earthly trowns and kingdoms»bath by bis	ful power and

Providence and power	miraculoufiy domonjirated in the view of all tbit	of

world his tranjeendent	mercy, love and	gr towards his

excellent MajefiyCharles the	Second, by bis efpeciial , gC'Eng- of huMak&v.

. land, Scotland, France	Ireland, Kingy defender of the truefaithy

fnd all his	Majefiy'sloyal fubjetls of this bis kingdom of England,

I tndthe dominions thereunto	annexed, by bis Majefiy's late moft	-

Anno duodecimo Caroli IT. g.i3:	[i6d

ed, traiterous. and abominable usurpations, detefted by this j| fent parliament, as oppofite in the higheft degree to his fas TVfajefty’s moft juft and updoubtful right, to whom and to I heirs and lawful fucceflors, the imperial crowns of the reali pi England, Scotland and Ireland, with their and every of tb dominions and territories do of right appertain, and as violati and infringing the juft rights and privileges of parliament^ both houses thereof now suTemhled, or that hereafter shall pilled and afiembled.	i

Sndiftments	XIII. Provided always, and be it enaftpd, That all and ci

f tre^fon,ry pretended indictment or indictments, outlawries, inquifitia for levying and all proceedings thereon, of high treason, against any peri pnve^Crom- or persons wl)atfoever> for levying war against the late tyn well, made Oliver Cromwell, the pretended keepers of the liberty of Engk yoid. * or any other ufurped power, shall be from henceforth void i of none effeCt in law: (a) and that all grants, conveyance leafes, devices, afliiraiKe§, statutes, recognizances and judgmcc for debt, damages heretofore had, made or fuffered by any pc (on, or his heiys, whofe conviction, utlagary or attainder is I this aCt difeharged or made void, shall be or the fame force u effect as if no such conviction, outlawry or attainder h been. Confirmed by 13 Cpr. %.fi$t. i,r. 7.

.CAP. XIII.

An aS fer the refiraining the taking of exetffive ufury. None shall T^ORASMUCH as the abatement of intereft from ten in thkw, take above fix X1 dred in former times hath been found by notable experience bm the ?oa*n of ficla^ to the advancement of trade and improvement of lands by & an hundred hujbandry, with many other confiderable advantages to this u pounds for a tion, efpecially the reducing of it to a nearer proportion with for tit y™'	. fiftes vjith whom we traffics : (2) and vjhereas in frejh memory t

C'jt'	' Vile fall from eight to fix in the hundred, by a late confiant praili

•*	*	fato found the like juecefs, to the general contentment oj this mtk

as is vifible by several improvements: (3) and whereas it is the n deavour offome at prefent to reduce it back again in practice to the lowance of the statute f ill in force to eight in the hundred, to ti great dijeouragement of ingenuity and vidufiry in the hufibpndry, trn and commerce of this nation:	*

^The penalty. II. Be it, for the rpafons aforesaid, enaCted by the King moft excellent majesty^ and the lords and commons in th present parliament affembled. That no person or persons whai foever, from ?ind after the twenty-ninth day of September in tl year of our Lord one thousand nx hundred and fixty, upon a/) contract, shall from and after the said twenty-ninth of &; timber take directly or ipdireCtly fpr loan of any monies, wart merchandize or otl^er commodities whatfoever, above th Value of fix pounds for the forbearance of one hundre pounds for a year, apd fo after that rate for a greater or left , turn, or for a longer or (hortcr time: (2) and that all bond; pontraCls and afiiirai^ces whatfoever, made after the time afore

•	.	"	'	*	%	f*

i-66o.] Anno duOdodmoCARQtill. c.14.'	44$

faid for payment of any principal or money to beient, or co-venanted to be performed, .upon or for any ufury, whereupon or whereby there shall be referved or taken above the rate of fix pounds in the hundred, as afbrefaid, (hail be utterly void:

(3) and that alLand every person or persons whatfoever, which shall after the time afqrcfaid, upon any contract to be made after the (aid' twenty-ninth day of Sept, take, accept and receive, by way or means of any corrupt bargain, loan, exchange, chevifance, Clift, or intereft -of any wares, merchandize, or other thing or things. whatfoever, or by any deceitful way or means, or by any covin, engine or deceitful conveyance, for the forbearing or giving day of payment for one whole year, of ahd for their- money or other thine, above die fum of fix pounds for the forbearing of one hundred' pounds (for a-year, and fo after that rate for a greater or Idler fum, or. for a longer or (hprter term, shall forfeit and lofe for every such offence the treble Value of the monies, wares, merchandize and other things fo lent, bargained, fold, exchanged or fhifted.

III. And be it further  enacted by the authority aforesaid. The forfeiture 'That all and every fcrivener and. fcrrveners, broker and brok- of a fcrivener ers, folicitor and (blicitors, driver, and drivers of bargains for contra&s, who shall after the (aid twenty-ninth day of	finga'fortbe* ”

her take or receive diredUy pr indirectly any fum or fums of forbearance money, or other reward or thing, for brokage, folicifing, driv- of an hundred |ng or procuring the loan, or forbearing of any film or fums ofpoun<jj1J>r * money, over and above the rate or value of five shillings for the ^1^!. loan or forbearing'of one hundred pounds for a year, and fo pence for rateably, or above twelve-pence for the making or renewing of making a the bond or bill for loan, or for forbearing thereof, or for any k°n<*-counter-bond or bill concerning the fame, shall forfeit for eve-'

1 ry such offence twenty-pounds, and have imprifontnent for 1 half a year; (a) the one moiety of all which forfeitures to be : to the King our -fovereign lord, his heirs and fuoceffors; and ' the other moiety to him or them that will fue for the lame in the fame county where the several offences arctcominitted, and not elfewhere, by a/ftion of debt, bill, plaint or information;

In which no efloin, wager of law or protection to beallowed.

Confirmed by 13	Car.2.	flat. 1.	e.14.	.	j- •

C A*.XiV; - '

An aft for, a	perpetual antnverfqry tbankfgiving on tie nine

and twentieth day of May.

FORASMUCH as Almighty God the King of tings, and foledif The wonder-pofer of all earthly crowns and tingdoms,	by his	ful power and

Providence and	power miraculoujly demonjlrated in the view of all the gpodnefs of

world his	tranfcendent mercy, love and gracitufnefs, towards his mofl m ?e

excellent Majejly Charles the Second, by bis ejpecial grace, Eng- % hu MafcXv . land, Scotland, France	Ireland, King, defender ofthetruefaith,

fnd all his Majejly's loyal fubjefts of this his kingdom England, pnd the dominions thereunto annexed, by bis	late mofl toonier-

* ................. '	M	’

444	Anno duododmeCAfcour II. c.14.'	[166c

fid glorims, peestcable and'hyfi fixerdfe ofbis-undoubted here favereign and rigid authority m them, (after fundryytars farted txttrnu/ea the moft traitorousion/piraciesand armed fewer	ttfurping

(aed	execrable perfidioustraitors)	and that taithtut the	Offtfilk

pr effkfian tf blood, through the unanimous,cerdiaL, loyal tout ii bras and commons in this fr parliament aftjembUd, and pafiim The anani- dtfres tf all other bis Meftflfs fubjegts\ (2) which mous & cordial Uejfing (by Gods span moft	)

affection of the m the twenty-ninth day of M«y lad pan, being the mil memirii

moni in parlial birth-day, not esdf of bis	Me)fa

meat, «nd	Mewtfe dsanaOual King, tmddf tbisend other hit Majefte's lm\

people in ge- dms, all in a great meafure neto-ber* and railed from the deals neral. this moft joyful day, wherein many	of	the nobility, gnat)

citizens,	and other bis lieges of this realm, conductedhis Mtjeftj m

to his royal cities if London and Weftmirifter, with fid fofflbh n fnjfierrt tf their fsMitijey and loyal afettim, in far groattr i tmtpbthan any of bit nob vWorious prcdeceffirs Kings tf England returned thither from their foreign cmqtufts; (3) both his Me jiffshostfes	ofpardanukt, with ad dutiful	Utftrotm,

of their allegiance, pnhdtMy received and cordially congratulated bit Majfly's fisejlhappy arrival, and inveftiture m his	throne, ol

The intent of bis palate <0 Whitehall: Upon pH	this	hint

keeping the the day which fit Lord himftlf hath made	with	fo

fliA dxy.j pubtiel	fdeffings and fignol deftoerptces,	both tf bis Afttje by	and b

people, from off their late meft deplorable	divisions,	won,

devnftehient and epprefftons;To tho end that it mat pe kept in perpetual remsmbramein ad ages to eotne, and that Ms fktrod with ad his Jisbjtfls of ms realm, and the dominions thereof,

their pofterities aftertheut^ might annually	the perpetual

memory thereof, by Jaeriftctng their unfeigned hearty' publitlthuds thereto to Almighty God, with oho heart and Voice, in a dessert and tbriftian reamsfr, for ad theft pubdek	received and m-

The 19th of fimd on them upon this moft joyfulday; (5) Be it therefore enaded May to be an- fay the Kink's moft excellent Majesty, the lords and commons ""[j *****	■ this present parliament aiTembled, and by the authority of

**	the fame. That aU and (ingular mipifters of food's word and

feorament*, in eyory church, ebapd, and other ttfual place of divine fervice and publick prayer yvhich now are or hereafter lhall be within this realm'of tnftpni- and the refpedtive dominions thereof and their uicceflbrs, shall in all (ucceeding ages annually celebrate the twenty-ninth day of May, by rendring their hearty publick praifes and thankfgivings Unto Almighty God for all the fore-mentioned extraordinary mercies, blef-

n

brated.

fines and deliverances received, and mighty ads done thereon, ana declare the fame to all the people there aflembiod, and the generations yet to come, that fo they may for ever praife the

............'	Lord	for the fame, whofe name alone it; excellent, and his

AH persons to glory above the earth and heavens: (60 And be it further en-retiart to feme a died. That all and every person and persons inhabiting within |nUlffpiffit|t this kingdom, and the dominions thereunto belonging, fhaH

f4>6o.]'	•	Anfto	duodecimo	Caroli H. c.15,—17.	44,

upon thefaid day annually refart with diligence and devotion to place of tbank-fome ufual church, chapel or place where fiich publick thankf- f* th# givings and prajfej to God’s mod divine Majdty shall be ren- *** " y* dred, 'and there orderly and devoutly abide during the said pub* lick thankfgivings, prayers, preaching, finding of p&lms, and Other fervice of Goa there to he yfed and minimed:

II.	And to the end that all persons may be put in mind of Notice to be Jtheir duty thereon, and be the better prepared to dHcharge the fame with that piety and devotion as becomes them: {2) Be it	ype’

further ena$ed, That every minifter shall give notice to his parishioners publickiy in the church at morning prayer the ^Lord’s day neat before every Such twenty-ninth day of May, tor the due obfervation of the ftid day, gnd ihall then likewise publickly apd diftinftly read this pment aft to the people. 13 Car. c. 11.

CAP. XV.

1 An act for thsfpcedy dbbandineof the array andgarTifens of thifluag* dam, withioftnj&iopa for the fiunc. EXP.

CAP. XVI.

1

i

w

jin a3for nailing tbsfolfiim of tbs army now to be banded to tntrdji trados.

HERE AS	there are dyers and folders now in the

King's majefly's fervice, tender the command of his excellency George	duke of Albemarle, captain general of his	armies,

who hove been	inflrwuentfil,by thtblcfimg of Almighty God, to the

happy rejlitution and refiorat'm of bit fared Majefly unto his kingdoms and footle, and to bis	juft right of government in the kingdom

of England, and the dominions and territories thereunto belonging j Jome of which art men that ufid trades, others that were apprentices to trades, who had not ftrued out their , and ethers who are apt and fit for trades, Uc,

cap. xvn.

An atf far the confirming and reflating of minifters.

Soldiers in* ftruraental iu. his Majefly‘s reftauratiom

JEliz. c*4* uch as were in fervice un* der General Monk *5 April 1660, and in* ftranMntal in his Majesty't reftitunon* may exescUh trades.

FOrafmuch as the confirming of form cedefiaftical persons and mi-nifiers in pojfcjfien, and reftering of others who have been fe~ fueftrid of ejected, and are fit to be. refined in and to their several eulefiafiual benefices, livings and promotions, without forte or Just of law, wilt much conduce to the peace and welfare of this church and kingdom; (2> Beitena&qd by the King’s moft excellent majesty, with the advice and content of the lords and commons in this present parliament afievnbled* and by authority of the fame, That every ccclcfiafiical perfori or minifter, be- Certain ihg ordained by any ecclefiafticat persons before thfe five and °rdained twentieth day of December last paft, being of the age of four h^mr been in and twenty years, and having not renounced bis ordination,' a&uafpoflef-Vhohath been formerly fince the (irft day of January in the fion moored, year- of our Lord one thousand fix hundred forty-tyro, prefented,

' '	nominated

444	- Anno duodecimo CaRoli 1L C.i f. [16S

nominated to, or placed in, and in aftual-pofleffion, and tj t •	ing the profits of any ecclefiaftical 'benefice, re&ory, parfona

.............vicarage, church, chapel, cure, or other ecclefiaftical proa

tion with cure of fouls, within thjs realm of England^ dot nion of	or	town	of	Berwick upon Tweedy which hi

become*void, either by death, voluntary refignation or furn der,f or other avoidance, to the patron, or any other per pretending to have title to accept of refignations, fince the first day of JamaryY and before the said five and twentieth of December last paft, and was oh the said five and tweofi day of December in ‘pofleflion, ,and received the profits then being in the gift, donation, prefentation, collation or nomi tion of the King’s majesty that now is, or of his late roya ther King Charles the Firft, in right of the crown, or by i fon of wardfhip or any other title, or of any archbifhop, (hop, dean, dean and chapter, prebend, archdeacon, body iitick or corporate, or of any. other pdrfon or persons wha ever, other than such as are hereby reftorerf, shall be an< hereby declared, adjudged and enacted to have been, be i continue the real and lawful incumbent, parfon, redtor, visj and poflefior of the said ecclefiaftical benefices, livings and motions refptdtively, to all intents and purposes.whatfoevfr,* if he or they had been nominated, prefented, collated, admit, ted, inftituted and indudted thereunto, or placed therein, in Elite.fa. due form of law, and had read and fiibfcribed the. articlesk-f- 3*	cording to the statute in that cafe made and provided, and not-

withftanding any other matter or thing by him or them done or omitted to be done; (3) and that' as well against the Kings majesty, and against his heirs and fucceflors, as against all and every other person and persons, bodies politick and corporal whatfoever, and their refpedlive fucceflors, heirs, executor* sfdmiqiftrators and afligns; (4) faving to the patrons and ever yeidance to be of* them their juft right of patronage; donation, prefentation or nomination, upon the next avoidance of every fuel **	*	ecclefiaftical	perfon,	minifter	or incumbent hereby confirmed a

is aforefspd,. in as full and ample manner as if this ad had no been-made.

II; And be lt  enacted by the authority aforesaid. That ever voluntary furrender or resignation made by any incumbent t the patFpn of any benefice, or. to any late pretended powers fine the said first day of January, of any ecclefiaftical benefice or pre motion, shall be adjudged as an efte&ual avoidance of such bt nefice or promotion, as if the fame had been made tp tlie com petent ordinary, and accepted by him.

III.	And be it further enaded. That no prefentation, coll tion pr difpQlition aforefcid, nor .confirmation by this ad, < M	mY	Pr niinifter, in or tp any ecclefiaftical benefices, \w

p * ings or promotions aforesaid* shall be conftrued or adjudged 1 1	amount to any ufurpation in law, to the prejudice pt ar

perfon or persons, bodies politick op corporate, who have c

The King bound.

The next »-

Voluntary re.

Agnations

confirmed.

The former

166k?.]	Awiff.dw^ccimo c AftOLl ILc*7«	447

£iki first of Jamary: one thou&nd fix hundred forty-two,, «b bath therefore had no order nor Agreement for hie fifths as bare accrued due or payable out of-foch ecclefiaftical benefice* living or promotion, dating fuch. time as he hath bom pofiefled thereof, to foch parfon or miniftet aa hath bee* formerly ejected or fequeftred out of dip lame.

IX.	Anituberau Sumsfifths^ er fuses of money, '* Ittu thereof. Arrears of

ate in amor and unpaid	byfiteh at /save hem peffeffedcf fifths.

fequeftred livings; (a.) it is further enaftcd by authority afaro-

faid, That every ecclefiaftical peribn or mininer now living* or the executors or.adminiftratois.of every ecclefiaftical peribn or minifter deceafed, to whom any fifths, or fonts of money .in ■lien thereof, are or wen due or payable by any foch order and agreement, or to foe find Mr. Hontywood as aroreftid, and are ' • yet in arrear, lhall have foe said fifths or foms of money in ar* rear as aforesaid, paid unto them vefpeftively; (y) and they are hereby refpeftively enabled tp .recover the fame by adtian of . . debt at the common law, to.be brought against every foch pan-ton or minifter who ought to. have paid foe fame by virtue of .

-any foch order and agreement .or to. foe laid Mn aforesaid, during the sefpeftjropofleflinreof duck eedefiaftial benefice, living or promorioo/etof fonwhieh the foid fifths*- eg foms of money in bcu thereof, were or oughtJo hant been dr . to be paid; in all which actions, no cflbin* wagerdf law or pro* teftion shall be allowed: (4) and that no pesfoh. to whaa| fifths have been formerly paid. ftnU be hereafter qheftiened for the feme.

X.	And be it alio enaftcd, That every such ecckfiafticai per* Arrears of fon or minifter, that is or lhall be.'by wtue of this adt remov- titfos.

ed out of or confirmed in any such benefice, living or promo* tion, which now is or hath been poflefled as aforesaid, his or their executors, adminiftrators and affigns, (ball be. and is ref. pedtively enabled to have, hold and enjoy all the mean profits already received, and to receive, recover, cclleft or compound for and enjoy all and every the arrears of tithes, profits or do* ties thereunto belonging or which lhall belong thereunto^ in* curred during such time as he was fo pofleflor thereof, and be* fore or until the feaft of St. Afiebael foe archangel now next enfuing, and to foe for the fame in any court of common law or equity, as if he or they had been and were the true and law* ful incumbent or pofleflor of such aforesaid ecclefiaftical benefice, living or promotion.

XI.	Provided also, and be it enaftcd by the authority afore- Perfons re-laid, That if any minifter or other such ecdefiaftical person as ftored, bow to aforesaid, having any ecclefiaftical benefice or living with cure be qualified, of fouls, who is before in and by this aft declared, adjudged

and enacted to continue the real and lawful incumbent thereof, which hath petitioned to bring the late King Charles of Welled memory to trial, or which hath by writing, preaching, printing or any other (men aft, procured, endeavoured or juftified foe murder of foe late king, or which hath by preaching, printing, writing*

^4<r	A/Modb^deciqiaCAAOLllI. c.rf:	fijfc

iiifier who by virtu* of this a& is confirmed in an* eocldatiti benefice or living with cure of fouls, which Hum. have wr thaa one ecckfiamcal bcuefiteor Eying with cure of (ails, flu] hold and enjoy only one of tffem, arid no more, at bit except where he hath formerly refigowd or faneadrcd aayoftk said benefices or livings, and thereupon tfie right patron, t a njother in his right, hath pwfCnted," collated, nominate placed, or ppt into the feme any other irvcugibetas or ninifle as afoedaid, in which cafe the minifter fa to be confirmed flu and may retain andheep the benefice or living which he hat not fa refign'ad or fwrendred, as aforesaid.

The party to . VII. And be it lilcewife eroded. That where the parfon a be reftored minifter formerly foquCftrcd Of ejected, shall declare his cpnfa ^ ,	in writing before the commifiioiMris appointed by tbit aft, th

npfffifer? the preterit pofleflor, being not feandadous, ignorant Or right. ficient, shall be and. Continue, in fifeh fespaeftred benefice, lit-ins or promotion, that in facte cafe the prefect pofiefibt faE be hereby fettled and Confirmed therein, as the fate and r$t. fill incumbent and pofieflbr thereof to all intents and purpafe, any former ftafiute or law to the contrary notwithibrndiog: j; ftrtTTtfnw"- and that every naffon or rafeifter who shall be removed by th edtopay ad, shall pay .all tenths not pardoned, and repair or make t tenths, sad tiafedfion for all wilful or negligent dilapidations made or fc aafiwpfor fered by him, of, m or upori the prettifies or any of Aon, fince the twenty-ninth of Septmier laft; (3) arid, foal) lifaifc And pay fifths. W °F fat*sfy all fifths, or any other fum in Keu of fifths

were m sircar or unpaid at the feaft of St. Muhatl the ucb» gel last pad, due or payable by him, by any order or ordai not reverted, of any committees or commiffionera formerly ap ' pointed and authorized by any pretended authority or author* ties wbatfoever, to grant or fet out the fame, or otfaerwife pay; or latisfy all arrears then due of any fum of Asms of money payable by agreement of the parties, and not fince quitted by it agreement, the fame to be afeertained by the said commiflion-Bond for ers: (4) for payment whereof the minifter lb to W removed, them.	before his removal shall also give his penal bond or bonds un-

to the minifter to be reftored, to pay the fame ’before the fa and twentieth of JDicember next; and if he (ball refute to give, such bond or bonds as aforesaid for the payment thereof, that AAion for then the miniftes fo to be reftored, shall be and is hereby o-them.	abled to bring an adion of debt at the common law for fa

'	laid arrears, and shall recover over and above tbe said debt fa

full value in damages, befides cofts of fait.

Fifths.	VIII. And it is further enabled by the authority afortfiidj

Kay me $j. That every ecclcfiaftical perion or minifter now in pofleflion a ! Sid «’ any ecclefiaftical benefice, living or promotion, which (ts£ continue and be fettled therein by virtue of this a&, shall pi) all fach arrears of fifths or other fonts of money in lieu thereof, due or payable by him by any fach order or orders. Mr. Honey- os agreement as aforefiud: qt to Mr. lifinfwsit parfon a wood. Ktgqorth in Lticcjltrjbirt, who hath been beyond tea fince the

fad

449

j66o.] Anno duodecimo CarolI II. ,0.17.

hundred fifty and nine, and the fame clerk To prcfented wa« refufed to be admitted without any lawful caufe, that then such clerk shall be taken, and is hereby enacted to be the perfect incumbent of such benefice, to all intents and purpcifes; any thing in this ad to the contrary notwithstanding; unlefe fuen patron have fince prcfented another clerk to such benefice whp now is poflefled thereof, or unlefe such derk fo presented and refufed, as aforesaid^ be fince prcfented to and fettled in fomp other benefice.

XV.	Provided that this ad, nor any thing therein contained. None to be shall not extend or be conftrued to confirm or continue any reftored who person in any benefice qr ecclefiaftical living or preferment, deferted tbeir which hath fince the said five and twentieth day of December bTU,P*

laft -voluntarily yielded op and left the pofleffion of the said benefice or ecclefiaftical living or preferment, and is ftill out qf . pofleffion thereof, or which by any writing executed under hie hand and leal, hath agreed to yield up and leave the pofleffion thereof.

XVI.	Provided also, and it is hereby declared. That where Agreement there hath been any agreement between the persons concerned made for fifth* in this aft for the acquittal of the minilfer who ought to have con“nne“-paid fifths of and from the fame, or any part thereof, that in

fuch cafe no fifths or fatisfaftion for fifths shall be chimed or paid contrary to the hid agreement.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That all and Payments of every person and persons who have paid or fatisfied by compo- titne*, *c.to lition or otherwise, any tithes, penfions, oblations, obventions, p^flefion* rents, or other ecclefiaftical duties belonging to any reftory,

.vicarage, or other ecclefiaftical benefice or promotion, to any charge, person or persons being in pofleffion, or receiving the profits

thereof by colour or pretence of any authority, or to their affigns, or any others claiming from, by or under them, fhaU be and are hereby difeharged of and from the feme tithes, penfions, oblations, obventions, rents and other ecclefiaftical duties, against all and every person and persons whatfoever.

XVIII.	Provided always. That neither this act, nor amr Thefe refto-thing therein contained, shall extend to confirm or eftablifh ries !}°t *‘,h-the pofleffion of the reftory of Evuelpu in the county of Oxen, Ewelme r«a. with Thoms Cole, or any other person or persons who have0—

lately by virtue of any pretended title entered into the feme ; but that the said reftory be reftored to Robert	doftor

in divinity, and Rfgius Profeffor in the univerfity of Oxort, to be enjoyed by him and his luoceflors, according to a grant made thereof by the late King James unto the Regius Profeffor of divinity for the time being, and his fuccefiors for ever.

XIX.	Provided alfp. That nothing herein contained shall Somertham

confirm or eftablifh the pofleffion of the reftory of	in	re^orlr-

the county of Huntington, with any person who hath by virtue

of any pretended title entered into the fame; but that the said reftory be reftored to doftor AntbtVf Tutkney, the prefent Regius Profeffor of divinity in the univerfity of Cambridge, to he

V9J-, VJQ.	Gg	enjoyed

44$	Ahnfi dubderirfio CaKoLI II. d.ijl [i65r

ring, or conftant refufal’to baptize, declared his judgment tob . agamft infant-baptifm, that then such minifter or other ode fiaftical person shall not remain^ continue and beor be takr. to be the real; and lawful irtcurabent of tbeocdefiaftical bee fice or fivipg, but she fame fttaH become; and is hereby k dared to be void to all intents and purpose?, as if the £ minifter or other ecclefiaftical person were dead, and .that t .	.	patron who hath the next and> immediate right, to prefent ur.

the fame, shall and may prefent unto the laid ecclefiaftical h nefice or living, as in cafe of vacancy.or avoidance by death; ' the incutphent; any thing m this, ad Contained to the conrrr thereof notwithstanding.

Juftices of . XII. Arid it is further enacted, That the persons in cot peace, com- million of the peace in the several counties or this realm, 6 miiftonert to ^0tninion Qf Wales and the town d£ Berwick upon Tweed, j aa,Without *be first day qf September, one thousand fix r hundred and (hr further fuit, within their icfpedive counties^ limits and precinds, or ar •five or niorcef them, living .dwelling next to the churc or living td which any fuph paffondr minifter is. to be refer! *ed, or SrotA which any luch 'parfon or minifter is to be rezned ed, and who are no ways' intoxfted as patrons or parties in d patronage dt tithes of the fridr church or Ijving or any pr thereof, ihall he and are hereby conflituted, appointed and ad thorized tb .be commifiioners to:execute all lad Angular ib, powers and authorities hdreby:granted within* their refpedirj counties and,precinds, for hud concerning.the removing ad reftoring of such parfons and minifters as aforesaid, and i other the Tpfemi&s, and finally .to determine all different? All former touching the Tame, until, the! nvCi and twentieth of Btcmv fuit* made next; and that all iuits. and actions in law or equity, and: vold*	proceedings and verdi&s thereupon had or to be had* tor, toud

ing or concerning the preirnffes or any of them, (halJ be d are hereby flayed, harred, annulled and avoided.

Certain leafes ' XIII. Provided always, and be it enabled. That all gram made by mini- and leafes made for a valuable confederation paid or given, d ^ers con m-> any COpyhold or freehold lands belonging to any (equeflred Jibing or redory (except the glebe add tithes) for three lives, o twenty-one. years, according to former ufage^ wherein the w tient rent is referved, made by any minifter or eedefiaftid person pofleffed of the said re&ory or living by any real or pretended authority, before the five and twentieth of December or/ thousand fix hundred fifty-nine, shall continue , as good and c\ fe&ual in law to all intents againfi the eje&ed and (equefired incumbent to be refiored, and all others as if they had been md by the proper incumbent.

Minifters re- XIV. Provided always, and be. it further enatted, That i fufedtobeap-any rightful patron hath heretofore prefented his clerk to an] Pretcnde^ a - benefice with cure of fouls, being then void* unto thok per* proversffet? f°n$ were (tiled commifiioners for apprpbation of pub-tied in their lick preachers fitting at Whitehall, or the committee fa churches. plundered minifters, who fat in the year one thousand fa

hun<

449

66o.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. .C.17.

u rad red fifty and nine, and the fame clerk fo prcfentcd was -fufed to be admitted without any lawful caufe, that then such lerk shall be taken, and is hereby enadcd to be the perfcd icumbcnt of such benefice, to all intents and purpqfps; any King in this ad to the contrary notwithstandingj unleft fucn iatron have fince prcfentcd another clerk to such benefice whp iow is pofiefied thereof, or uqleft such derk fo prefcatcd and efufod, as aforesaidf be fince prefemed to and fettled in fotnp >tHer benefice.

XV.	Provided that this ad, nor any thing therein contained. None to be Hall not extend or be conftrued to confirm or continue any reftored who >erfon in any benefice qr ecdefiaftiqil living or preferment, jjeferted their .vhich hath fince the said five and twentieth day of

aft 'voluntarily yielded up and left the ppfieffion of the said oenefice or ecelefiaftical living or preferment, and is ftill out of aofleflion thereof, or which by any writing executed under hie band and feal, hath agreed to yield up and leave the pofieflion :h.ereof.

XVI.	Provided also, and it is hereby declared. That where Agreement there hath been any agreement between the persons concerned made for fifth* in this ad for the acquittal of the minifter who otigfit to have confinned* paid fifths of and from the fame, or any part thereof, that in

fuch cafe no fifths or fatisfadion for fifths shall be chimed or paid contrary to the hid agreement.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it enaded. That all and Payments of every perfoo and persons who have paid or fatisfied by compo- tithes, to iition or otherwife, any tithes, penfions, oblations, obventions,

rents, or other ecelefiaftical duties belonging to any redory,	*

vicarage, or other ecelefiaftical benefice or promotion, to any charge, perfbn or persons being in poffefiion, or receiving the profits thereof by colour or pretence of any authority, or to their alligns, or any others claiming from, by or under them, fhaU be and are hereby difeharged of and frptn the lame tithes, penfions, oblations, obventions, rents and other ecelefiaftical duties, against all and every person and persons whatsoever.

XVIII.	Provided always. That neither this ad, nor any Thefe redo-thing therein contained, shall extend to confirm or eftablifh fie* npt with-the poffdfion of the redory of Rwelme in the county of Owe, £ with Thomas Cole> or any other person or persons who have

lately by virtue of any pretended title entered into .the fame ; but that the said redory be reftored to Robert	dodor

in divinity, and Regius Profeffor in the univerfity of Oxon, to be enjoyed by him and his (uccefiors, according to a grant made thereof by the late Kang Janus unto the Regius Proftjfor of divinity for the time being, and his fuccefiors for ever.

XIX.	Provided alfp. That nothing herein contained shall Someriham

confirm or eftablifh the poffefiion of the redpry of	in	reftory-

the county of Huntington, with any person who hath by virtue

of any pretended title entered into the fame; but that the said redory be reftored to dodor Antboty Twinty, the prefent

gius ProfeJTor of divinity in the univerfity of	, to be

Vot.,	W.	Gg	enjoyed

450

Oath to be taken by per-fons reftored.

Prefentations under the great feal.

Kidlington

vicarage.

Garfington

redtory.

Caftor st&ary.

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. i7. [i6fc

enjoyed by him and his fucceflbrs, according to a former grz thereof made unto the Regius Profejfor of divinity for the tb beings and his fucceflors for ever j any thing herein contain to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX.	Provided alfo,' That this act, or any thing there contained, shall not extend to confirm or reftore any ectldi aftical person or minifter in or to any benefice, living or eedd aftical promotion, that shall refufe to take the oaths of & giance and fupremacy, being tendered unto such ecclefiafc person or minifter, Dy the said commiffioners, or any tfe of them, which said commiftioners, and every three of thq are hereby enabled and enjoined to adminifter the said oai accordingly.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That this act, 3 any thing herein contained, shall not prejudice the title of t person or persons to any ecclefiaftical living, benefice or pm tion with cure of fouls in this aft mentioned, who have bej and lhkll be prefented to such benefice or promotion by his & jefty under the great feal of England, between the first day d May in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred and is] ty, and the ninth of September in the fame year; but that k prefentees fo prefented by his Majesty as aforesaid, fhali and mr| from and after the said twenty-ninth day of September end the fame benefices and promotions refpeftively, as if tb 2d bad not been made.

XXII.	Neverthelefs, it is declared and enafted. That fid persons, as upon the twenty-fifth day of December one thouk fix hundred nfty-nine were the pofleflbrs of such benefices 3 promotions shall not be charged by such prefentees of his Mi jefty with or for any profits by them or any of them receive before the said twenty-ninth day of September, but lhall k and enjoy the profits of such benefices and promotions nj fpeftivelv, until the said twenty-ninth day of September.

XXIII.	Provided also, That this act, or any thing tberd contained, shall not extend to confirm any person In the vid rage of Kidlington in the county of Oxford\ but that the Hi vicarage fhali remain as formerly annexed to the reftorfhip J Exeter-college in Oxford; any thing in this aft to the contnij notwithstanding.

XXIV.	Provided alfo. That this act, or any thing herd contained, shall not extend to confirm any person in the ml tory of Garfmgton in the county of Oxford, but that the fe'i reftory fhali remain as formerly annexed to the prefidentfhipc Trinity-college in Oxford; any thing in this aft to the contra notwithstanding.

XXV.	Provided alfo. That this act, or any thing thereii contained, fhali not extend to confirm any person in the m toiy of Caflor in the county of Northampton, but that the fai reftory fhali remain as formerly annexed to the bifhoprick 0 Peterborough; anything in this aft to the contrarynotwith (binding.

XXVI,	Pro

453

i66o.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c.18.

Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors; and the other third part to him or them who shall feize, inform or fue for the (ante in any court of record, by bill, information, plaint or other aCtion, wherein no effoin, protection or wager of law shall be allowed;

(4)	and all admirals and other commanders at fea of any the (hips of war or other (hip having commiffion from his Majesty or from his heirs or fucceflors, are hereby authorized and ftriCUy required to feize and bring in as prize all such (hips or veffels as (lull have offended contrary hereunto, and deliver them to the court of admiralty, there to be proceeded against ; and in cafe of condemnation, one moiety of foch forfeitures shall be to the ufe of such admirals or commanders and their companies, to be divided and proportioned amongft them according to the rules and orders of the fea in cafe of (hips taken prize; and the other moiety to the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors.T

II.	And be it enaCted, That no alien or perfect not bom Aliens fliall within the allegiance of our fbvereign lord the King) his heirs not exercife and fucceffors, or naturalised, or made a free denizen, I shall the occupa-from and after the first day of February, which will be in the

year of our Lord one thoufend fix hundred fixty-one, exercife tonkin the* the trade or occupation of a merchant or factor in any the said plantations, places; (2) upon pain of the forfeiture and lofs of all his gpods and chattels, or which are in his poffeffion; one third to his Majesty, hjs heirs and fucceflors ; one third to the governor of the plantation where such person shall fo offend; and the other third to him or them that shall inform or Governors, fue for the fame in any of his Majesty’* courts in the plan- to take" tation where such offence shall be committed: (3) and all for the governors of the said lands, idands, plantations or territories, obfervation of and every of them, are hereby ftriCtly required and command- the afore-ed, and all who hereafter (lull be made governors of any such n“cnJloncd idands, plantations or territories, by his Majesty, his heirs or	and

fucceflors, shall before their entrance into their government enforced by take a folemn oath, todo their utmoft, that every the afbrcmen- 7 & * W. 3. tioned claufes, and all the matters and things therein contained,c* “• +* shall be punctually and bona fide obferved according to the true in-* tent and meaning thereof: (4) and upon complaint and proof made before his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, or such as fliall be by him or them thereunto authorized and appointed, that any the said governors have been willingly and wittingly negligent in doing their duty accordingly, that the said governor fo offending shall be removed from his government.

III.	And it is further enaCted by the authority aforesaid.

That no goods or commodities whatsoever, of the growth, production or manufacture of Africa, Afia or America, or of any For the impart thereof, pr which are defcribed or laid down in the ufual portation of maps or cards of thofe place?, be imported into England, Ireland *hro?Jl ^1. or IVales, idands of Guernfey and Jtrfey, or town of Berwick'-'^ t Ct*l. upon Tweedy in any other (hip or mips, vcffel or veflels whatsoever, but in such as do truly and without fraud belong only

to the people of England or Ireland, dominion of JVales^ or town

G g 3	of

Anno duodecimo Caroli. U c.i8.	[166

fcntets shall be thereupon admitted, inftituted and indude and after have and enjoy, and fue for and recover the poffeffic-, and from thenceforth take the whole and entire profits of ti: find benefices, livings and {promotions, and shall be accounte and shall be full and perfed incumbents of die fame toailii tents and purposes, as nilly and amply as if they had been pr: footed and phuxd therein within fix months next after the t avoidances, notwithftandine any lapfe, or other title by rm: of lapfe, incurred or devolved to his late Majesty, or to ti King’s majesty that now is, or to any other person or pr fons, bodies politick or corporate; any thing in this prefent* or otherwise to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithftandir;

XXXII. Provided, That fiich prefentees as have been or fit be prefented by his Majesty as aforesaid, before the said nin: day of September in this prefent year erne thousand fix hundrr. ana fixty, by title of lapfe or otherwise as aforesaid, shall or m enjoy the fame benefices and promotions refpedtively; the £ mentioned claufe or any other thing in this a61 contained toti contrary notwithstanding.

No goods shall be imported from the plan* tations, See. but in Englilh (hips.

Penalty.

Explained by) 13&i4Car.x* c.i i *f.6.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for the encouraging and increajtng of flipping &

navigation.

FOR the inareafe of Jhipping and encouragement of the uaviistia of this nation, wherein, under the good providence and frau-tion of God, the wealth, Jafety and Jlrengtb of this kingdom in much concerned; (2) be it enacted by the King’s moll excelled majesty, and by the lords and commons in this prefent payment aflembled, and by the authority thereof, That from as after the first day of December one thousand fix hundred as fixty, and from thenceforward, no goods or commodities wk foever shall be imported into or exported out of any landsj iflands, plantations or territories to his Majesty beiongin: or in his pofleflion, or which may hereafter belong unto c l be in the pofleflion of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, z\ Aftay Africa or America, in any other (hip or (hips, vcftel c veflels whatfoever, but in such (hips or veflels as do truly ac: without fraud belong only to the people of England or Irelsx*| dominion of (Vales or town of Berwick upon Tweedy or area the built of and belonging to any the said lands, iflands, phim-tions or territories, as the proprietors and right owners thereof, and whereof the mafter and three fourths of the marinen at lead are English; (3) under the penalty of the forfeiture and lofs of all the goods and commodities which shall be imported into or exported out of any the aforesaid places in any other I (hip or veflel, as also of the (hip or veflel, with all its guns, furniture, tackle, ammunition and apparel; one third pari thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors; one third pan| to the governor of such land, plantation, ifland or terriro/r where such default shall be committed, in cafe the said (hip or goods be there feized, or otherwise that third part alio to his j

*66o.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c.18.	4.55

nizens or naturalized) be owners, part-owners or matter, and England to whereof three fourths of the mariners at leaft shall not be Eng-lijh, any fifh, victual, wares, goods, commodities or things, of any alien not what kind or nature foever the fame shall be, hom one port denizened,&c. Or creek of England, Ireland, Wales, iflands of	Jerfey,

or town of Berwick upon Tweed, to another port or creek of the fame, or of any of them; under penalty for every one that shall offend contrary to the true meaning of this branch of this prefer aCt, to forfeit all such goods as shall be loaden The penalty, and carried in any such fhip or veflel, together with the fhip or >	**3*

veffel, and all her guns, ammunition, tackle, furniture and apparel j one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefTors, and the other moiety to him or them that shall inform, feize or fue for the fame in any court of record, to be recovered in manner afbrefaid.

VII.	And it is further  enacted by the authority aforeiaid, Safe and That where any cafe, abatement or privilege is given in the abatement in book of rates to goods or commodities imported or exported in Engli/b-built (hipping, that is to fay, (hipping built in Eng-land, Ireland, Wales, iflands of Guernsey or jerjey, or town of where three Berwick upon Tweed, or in any the lands, iflands, dominions parts of the and territories to his Majesty in Africa, Afia, or	be-	**

longing, or in his poflemon, that it is always to be underftood En*

.and provided, that the matter and three fourths of the mariners of the laid (hips at leaft be also Englijb; fa) and that where it is required that the mafter and three fourths of the mariners be English, that the true intent and meaning thereof is, that they Ihould be such during the whole voyage, unlefs in cafe of fick-nefs, death, or being taken prisoners in the voyage, to be proved by the oath of the mafter or other chief officer of such (hips.

VIII. And it is further enaCted by the authority aforeiaid. Goods of the That no goods or commodities of the growth, production or	“jf’

manufacture of Mufcovy, or to any the countries, dominions Mufcovy'or or territories to the great duke or emperor of Mvfcovy or Jbeflia Ruflia. 1 belonging, as also that no fort of mails, timber or boards, no Explained bj foreign uit, pitch, tar, rofin, hemp or flax, raifins, figs, prunes, * jon+Car.a. olive-oils, no forts of com or grain, fugar, pot-afhes, wines, vinegar, or fpirits called aqua-vitee, or brandy-wine, shall from *	*

and after the first day of April, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred fixty-one, be imported into England, Ireland, Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any fhip or (hips, veflel or veflcls whatfoever, but in such as do truly and without fraud belong to the people thereof, of fome of them, as the true owners and proprietors thereof, and whereof the mafter and three fourths of the manners at leaft are Englijb: and that no currans nor commodities of the growth, production or manufacture of any the countries, iflands, dominions or territories to the Qtbtman or Turkijb empire belong- othoman or ing, shall from and after the first day of September, which shall Turkifh cm* be iu the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred fixty-one, P“«*

4	be

456	Artno duodecimo CAROL! II, &. i [i<>6o.

be imported into any the afore-mentioned places in ahy (hip or vend, bat which it of Enbuilt* atld navigated, as afore-(aid, and in no other, except only (uch foreign (hips and vefiel s as are of the built of that country or place of which the said goods are the growth, production or manufacture refpeCtivelv, or of such port where the said goods can only be, or moft ufualiy ire, first (nipped for tranfportation, and whereof the foaftcr ihd three fourths of the mariners at lead are of the (aid country or place, under the penalty and forfeiture of (hip and goods, to be difpofed and recovered as in foe foregoing claufe. Fraud* in IX. Provided always, and be it hereby enaCted by the au-concealing foority afortfaid, That for the prevention of foe great frauds alien* good*, daily ufed in colouring and concealing of aliens goods, all prevented, wines of the growth or France or Germany, which from and p	after	the	twentieth day of Oftober one thousand fix hundred and

fixty shall be imported into any the ports or places afore-faid, in any other (hip or vefiel than which doth truly and without fraud belong to England, Ireland, Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, and navigated with the mariners thereof, as afbrefaid, shall be deemed aliens goods, and pay aU ftrangers cuftoms and duties to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, as ?!fo to the town or port Into which theydhall be imported 5

(1)	and that all forts of mails, timber or boards, as also all foreign (alt, pitch, tar, rofin, hemp, flax, ra'tfins, figs, prunes, olive-oils, all forts of corn or grain, fugar, pot-ames, Spirits Commortly called brandy-wine, or aqua-vita, wines or foe growth of Spain, the iflandsof foe Canaries or Portugal, or weftem iflands; (3) and all foe goods of the growth, production or manufacture of Mufcevy or RuJJia, which from and fcfter the first day of April, which mall be in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred fixty-one, shall be imported into any the afbrefaid places m any other than such (hipping, and fo navigated j (±J and all currans and Turkey commodities which from and after foe first day of September.one thousand fix hundred fixty-one, fhaH be imported into any the places aforeftid, in any other than EhgliJb-baWt (hipping, and navigated as aforesaid, (5) shall be deemed aliens goods, and pay accordingly to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, and to the town or port into which they (hail be imported, plow to pre- X. And for prevention of all frauds which may be ufed in vent fraud* in colouring or buying of foreign (hips, be it enaCtea by theau-bu^glfo-*n" dronty wbrefaid, and it is hereby enaCted, That from and after reign fliip*. the first day of April, which shall be in the year of our Lord EXP. one thousand fix hundred fixty-one, no foreign-built (hip or ’3 & ** vefiel Whatfoever shall be deemed or pafs as a (hip to England,

£ * P*,I" Ireland,Wales, or town of Berwick, or any of them belonging,

"*	or	enjoy	the benefit or privilege of such a (hip or vefiel, until

fuch time that he or they claiming the said (hip ot vefiel to be theirs, shall make appear to the chief officer or officers of the Cuftoms in the port next to the place of his or their abode, that he or they arc not aliens, and fhaH have taken an oath before

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli IL c.i 8.	457

fore foch chief officer or officers, who are hereby authorized The oath to be to adminifter the fame, that such (hip or vtflel was bona fide and »<hniniftered.-without fraud by him or them bought for a valuable confi-deration, expremng the fum, as also the time, place and persons from whom it was bought, and who are his part-owners (if he have any) ; (2) all which part-owners shall be liable to tike the said oath before the chief officer or officers of the cu-ftom-houfe of the port next to the place of their abode, and that no foreigner directly or indireAly hath any part, intereft or (hare therein; and mat upon foch oath he or they shall receive a certificate under the hand and feal of the said chief officer or officers of the port where such person or persons fo making oath do fefide, whereby such (hip or veffel may for the future pafs and be deemed as a (hip belonging to the faia port, and enjoy the privilege of such a (hip or vettel; and the said officer or officers . shall keep a regifter of all such certificates as he or they shall fo give, ana return a duplicate thereof to the chief officers of the , cuftoms at London, for such as shall be granted in	.

and Berwick, and to the chief officers ofthe cuftoms at Dublin, for such as shall be given in Ireland, together with the names of the person or persons from whom such (hip was bought, and the fum of money which was paid for her, as also the names of all such persons who are part-owners of her, if any such be.

XI.	And be it further  enacted by the authority aforesaid, of the That if any officers of the cuftoms shall from and after the said cuftoms not to first day of April allow the privilege of bong a (hip or veffel allow any pri-to England, Ireland, Wales, or town of Berwick, or any of them belonging) to any foreign-built (hip or veflel, until fuch	*

certificate be before them produced, or such proof and oath taken certificate or before them; (2) or if any officer of the cuftoms shall allow proof, tec. the privilege of an Engli/b~bai\t (hip, or other (hip to any the dtendiy aforesaid places belonging, to any	Engli or foreign-built (hip jjAnnx,c.j7.

coming into any port, and making entry of any goods, until '* examination whether the mafter and three fourths of the mariners be Englijb; (3) or shall allow to any foreign-built (hip bringing in the commodities of the growth of the country where it was built, the privilege by this aft to such (hip given, until examination and proof whether it be a (hip of the built of that country, and that the mafter and thtee fourths of the mariners are of that country; (4) or if any person who is or shall be made governor of any lands, iflands, plantations or territories in Africa, Afia or America, by his Majesty, his heirs or fuc-ceffors, shall fuffer any foreign-built (hip or veffel to load or unload any goods or commodities within the precinAs of their governments, until such certificate be produced before them, or such as shall be by them appointed to view the fame, and examination whether the mafter and three fourths of the mariners at leaft be Englijb; (5) that for the first offence foch officer of the cuftoms and governors lliall be put oi}t of theif places, offices or governments.

XJI. Pro- '

Frauds ift concealing aliens goods# bow to be prevented.

How to pre-vent frauds in colouring and buying fo. rei^ps.

See 13 Sc 14 Car. t.p. ?i. f. 6.

Anno duodecimo CAROL! IL &.ii:	[i6<

be imported into ant the afore-mentioned places in any 4 or veffel, bat which is of English-built, arid navigated, as afo| faid, and in no other, except only ftich foreign (hips and vd as are of the built of that country or place of which the I goods are the growth, production or manufacture refpe&ivi or of such port where the said goods can only 'be, or moft ufi ire, first (nipped for tranfportation, and whereof the *hd three fourths of the mariners at leaft are of the country or place, under the penalty and forfeiture of (hip i goods, to be difpofed and recovered as in the foregoing chug

IX.	Provided always, and be it hereby enacted by the 1 thority aforesaid, That for the prevention of the great fru daily ufed in colouring and concealing of aliens goods, wines of the growth of France or Germany, which from 1 after the twentieth day of Oftober one thousand fix hundred d fixty shall be imported into any the ports or places afoi faid, in any other (hip or veffel than which doth truly aj without fraud belong to England, Ireland, Wales, or town 1 Berwick upon Tweed, and navigated with the mariners them as aforesaid, shall be deemed aliens goods, and pay all ft range! cuftoms and duties to his Majesty, nis heirs and fucceffors^ 1 *Ifo to the town or port into which they shall be imported; £2} and that all forts of mafts, timber or boards, as aHo all foreign fait, pitch, tar, rofin, hemp, flax, ratlins, figs, prunes, olive-oils, all forts of com or grain, fugar, pot-ames, (brnts commonly called brandy-wine, or aqua-vita, wines ot the growth of Spam, the iflands of the Canaries or Portugal, Main, or wefttm Blands; (3) and all the goods of the growth, pro-dudtion or manufadture of Mufcovy or Rufpa, which from and fcfter the first day of April, which mall be in the year of our Lord one thouland fix hundred fixty-one, shall be import* ed into any the aforesaid places in any other than such (hipping, and fo navigated 3 (4) and all Currans and Turkey commodities which from and after the first day of September .out thousand fix hundred fixty-one, jhaH be imported into any the place aforesaid, In any other than iW^/^-built (hipping, and navigated as aforesaid, (0 shall be deemed aliens goods, and pat accordingly to his Majesty, his heirs and fuecettors, and to rhi town or port into which they shall be imported.

X.	And for prevention of all frauds which may be ufed ir colouring or buying of foreign (hips, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, and it is hereby enacted, That from and aftei the first day of April, which shall be in the year of our Lore one thousand fix hundred fixty-one, no foreign-built lhip 01 veffel whatfoever shall be deemed or pafs as a (hip to Enghmi, Ireland, Waifs, or town of Berwick, or any of them belonging, or enjoy the benefit or privilege of such a (hip or veffel, until such time that he or they claiming the said (hip ot veflel to b< theirs, shall make appear to the chief officer or officers of the cuftoms in the port next to the place of his or their abode, that he or they are not aliens, and shall have taken an oath before

SSo.]	Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. i 8.	457

>re foch chief officer or officers, who are hereby authorized The oath to he

o adminifter the fame, that such fhip or veflH was bom fide and adminiftered.-

v ithout fraud by him or them bought for a valuable confi-

leration, expreffing the fum, as also the time^ place and per*

ons from whom it was bought, and who are his part-owners

[if he have any) ; (2) all which part-owners shall be liable to

take the said oath before the chief officer or officers of the cu-

[tom-houfe of the port next to the place of their abode, and that

no foreigner diredtly or indirectly hath any part, intereft or

(hare therein; ahd that upon such oath he or they shall receive

a certificate under the hand and feal of the said chief officer or

officers of the port where such person or persons fo making oath

do refide, whereby such (hip or veffel may for the future pafs

and be deemed as a fhip belonging to the said port, and enjoy the

privilege of filch a fhip orvenel j and the said officer or officers

fhall keep a regifter of all such certificates as he or they lhall fo

give, ana return a duplicate thereof to the chief officers of the ,

cuftoms at London* for such as shall be granted in England* Wales* .

and Berwick* and to the chief officers ofthe cuftoms at Dublin* for

fuch as shall be given in Ireland* together with the names of

the person or persons from whom such (hip was bought, and

the lum of money which Was paid for her, as also the names

of all such persons who are part-owners of her, if aiiy such be.

XI.	And be it further enadte^ by the authority aforesaid, officers of the That if any officers of the cuftoms shall from'and after the said cuftoms not to first day of April allow the privilege of bang a (hip or veffel allow any pri-to England, Ireland* Wales, or town of Berwick* or any of them belonging, to any foreign-built (hip or veffel, until such certificate be before them produced, or such proof and path taken certificate or before them; (2) or if any officer of the cuftoms shall allow proof, &c. the privilege of an Englijb-built fhip, or other fhip to any the dluredby aforesaid places belonging, to any Englijb or foreign-built fhip ^Annas,c. 37. coming into any port, and making entry of any goods, untilu examination whether the; mafter and three fourths of the mariners be Englijb; (3) or shall allow to any foreign-built fhip bringing in the commodities of the growth of the country where it was built, the privilege by this adfc to such (hip given, until examination and proof whether it be a fhip of the built of that country, and that the mafter and thtee fourths of the mariners are of that country; (4) or if any person who is or shall be made governor of any lands, iflands, plantations or territories in Africa, Afta or America* by his Majesty, his heirs or fuc-ceffors, shall fuffer any foreign-built lhip or veffel to load or unload any goods or commodities within the precindts of their governments, until such certificate be produced before them, or such as lhall be by them appointed to view the fame, and examination whether the mafter and three fourths of the mariner* at leaft be Englijb; (5) that for the first offence such officer of the cuftoms and governors (frail be put oi)t of theif places, offices or governments.

Xfl. Pro- '

458	Anno duodecimo CAROLI c.i8.	[1660.

** XII. Provided always. That this aCf, or any thing therein Iwrieht* or contxfrad* extend not, or be meant, to reftrain and prohibit the Levant	importation of any the commodities of the	or	Levant-

In part re-	Seas, loaden in	Englijb built (hipping, and whereof the

by	mafter and three fourths of the mariners at lead are Englijb,

6Geo. i.c. 14. fpQjji thg ufua] ports or places for lading of them heretofore .within the said Straights or	though the find com-

modities be not of the very growth of the said places.

Eaft-lndi*. XIII. Provided alfo. That this ad or any thing therein commodities, contained, extend not, or be meant, to reftrain the importing of any Eq/l-India commodities loaden in Englijb built (hip-' ping, and whereof the mafter and three fourths of the mariners at leaft are Englijb, from the ufual place or places for lading of them in any part of thofe Teas, to the fouthward and eaftwaro of Cabo bona Efptranza, although the (aid ports be not the very places of their growth.

Protifo for XIV. Provided alfo. That it shall and may be lawful to echromSpain ^or any °f the people of	Inland,	Iralt:, iftands of

Portugal, A-’ Guernsey or Jerfty, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, in vefTcls sores, Madera or (hips to them belonging, and whereof the mafter and three <*C*"*ry	fourths of the mariners at leaft are Englijb, to load and bring

"“n“*	in from any of the ports of Spain ox Portugal, or weftem iftands,

commonly called Azores, or Madera or Canary iftands, all forts of goods or commodities of the growth production or manufacture of the plantations or dominions of either of them refpedtively.

Ptovifo for XV. Provided, That this aCt, or any thing therein con-~~?n'tained, extend not to bullion, nor yet to any goods taken, or byway of	that shall be bona fide taken, by way of repnlal by any (hip

reprifal.	or (hips belonging to England, Ireland or Wales, iftands of

Guernfey or Jtrfey, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, and whereof the mafter and three fourths of the mariners at leaft are Englijb, having commiffion from his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors.

Provilb con- XVI. Provided always. That tins adt, or any thing therein efitawiand conta‘nec^» frail not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to lay aliens duties upon any com of the growth of Scotland, or to any fait made in Scotland, nor to any fifh caught, faved and cured by the people of Scotland, and imported direCtly from Scotland in Scotch built (hips, and whereof the mafter and three fourths of the mariners are of his Majesty’s fub-Goodsof	jeCts ; (2) nor to any leal-oil of RuJJia, imported from

Kuifia.	thence into England, Inland, Walef, or town of Berwtii

upon Tweed, in (hipping bona fide to fome of the said places belonging, and whereof the mafter and three fourths of the The duty pay. mariners at leaft are Englijb.

'able upon XVII. Provided also, and it is hereby enaCted, That every I00*1*	.	(hip or veflel belonging to any the fubjeCts of the French King,

Enforcedby‘' wWch fr°m and after the twentieth day of Oflober in the year ij&itCar.*. of our Lord one thousand fix hundred and fixtyftull come

c. 11.1.14..	ipto

459

1660J] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c.18.

into any port, 'creek, harbour or road of England, Ire-landy Irales* or town of Berwick upon Tweed, and shall there lade or unlade any goods or commodities, or take in or fet on ihore any pafiengers, shall pay to the collector of his Majesty’s cuftoms in such port, creek, harbour or road, for every ton of which the said (hip or veffel is of burthen, to be computed by such officer of the cuftoms as shall be thereunto appointed, the fum of five shillings current money of England: (2) And that no such (hip or veflel be fuffered to depart out of such port, creek, harbour or road, until the said duty be fully paid: (3) How long to And that this duty shall continue to be collected, levied and continue, paid, for such time as a certain duty of fifty foils per ton, lately impofisd by the French King, or any part thereof, shall continue to be colle&ed upon the (hipping or England lading in France, and three mouths after and no longer.

XVIII.	And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Sugars, tobac-That from and after the first dav of Aprils whiph shall be in the co>&c- °f tjje year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred fixty-one, no fugars, pi^ations. tobacco, cotton-woo), wsdicoes, ginger, fufticx, or other dying Enlarged as to wood, of the growth, production or manufacture of any Englijb rice and met-plantations in America, Ma or Africa, shall be (hipped, carried, hfa hJ 3 & 4 conveyed or tranfported from any of the said Englijb plantations

to any land, ifland, territory, dominion, port or place whatfo- ^ ^ g ever, other than to such other Englijb plantations as do belong Geo. 1. c.xt. to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, or to the kingdom of f»**«

England or Ireland, or principality of fVale$y or town of Berwick upon Tweedy thereto be laid on (hore, (2) under the penalty of the forfeiture of the (aid goods, or the full value thereof, as also of the (hip, with all her guns, tackle, apparel, ammunition and furniture; the one moiety to the King’s majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, and the other moiety to him or them that shall feize, inform or fue for the fame in apy court of record, by bill, plaint, or information, wherein no efloin, protection or wager of law shall be allowed.

XIX.	And be it further enaCled by the authority aforesaid,

That for every (hip or veflfel, which from and after the five and ^ wales, fiiil-twentieth day of December in the year of our Lord one thousand ing to any fix hundred and fixty shall fet fail out of or from England\ Ire- Englifh plan-hndy WaleSy or town of Berwick upon Tweedy for any Englijb tatl?ns °^m plantation in Americay Aha or Africay fufficient bond shall be ^Africa,ftiall given with one furety to the chief officers of the cuftom-houfc of be bound with such port or place from whence the (aid (hip shall fet fail, to the fureties to value of one thousand pounds, if the (hip be of lefs burthen than one hundred tons; and of the fum of two thousand pounds, if intoEneiand the (hip shall be of greater burthen; that in cafe the laid (hip or &c. s * veffel shall load any of the said commodities at any of the said Farther provi-Englijb plantations, that the fame commodities shall be by therelating to said (hip brought to fome port of Englandy Irelandy IValeSy or to ^ g the port or town of Berwick upon Tweedy and shall there unload 7Cm%%0 j; \ and put on fhorp the fame, the danger of the feas only except- 8: Annas, c.13. ed: (2) And for all (hips coming from any other port or place f* n-

to

460

Repealed as to Inland hy it&tjur.t. c. *6. f. xi. Ships coming from other places to any of tbofc plantations. Therefpe&ive governors to return the bonds taken twice yearly to the chief officers of the custom in London.

This return to hi modi once a year, tec. aa&a 3 Car. a. c.s6.J. is.

Perfons who /hall convey away any goods without entry and a. greement for the cuftom. is Car. s. C.+.

The penalty.

13 & 14 Car. 1. c.u. (. 5.

8 Annas, c. 7. f. 17.

No proceeding against a-ny upon this

Anno duodecimo Caroli II* €.19*	£1660.

to any of the aforesaid plantations, who by this aft are permitted to trade there, that the governor of such Englijb plantations shall before the said (hip or veflel be permitted to load on board any of the said commodities, take bond in manner and to the value aforesaid, for each refpeftive (hip or ve(Tel, that such (hip or veflel shall carry all the aforesaid goods that shall be laden on board in the said (hip to fome other of his Majeft/a EngUJb plantations, or to England^ Inland, Walrt) or town of Berwick upon Tweed: (3) And that evety (hip or veflel which shall load or take on board any of the atorefoid goods, until such bond given to the (aid governor, or certificate produced from the officers of any cuftom-houfe of England, Inland,, Wales, or of the town of Berwick) that such bonds have been there duly given, shall be forfeited with all her guns, tackle, apparel ana furniture, to be imployed and recovered in manner as aforesaid; and the laid governors and every of them shall twice in every year after the first day of 'January one thousand fix hundred and fixty, return true copies of all such bonds by him fo taken, to. the chief officers of the custom in London. Confirmed by 13 Car. z.Jlat. 1. c. 14.

CAP. XIX.

Jn a8 to prevent frauds and concealments of bis Majeftfi axioms and fubfidies,

BE it enacted by the King's molt excellent majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords and commons in this present parliament aflembled, That if any person or persons 1 at any time after the first day of September one thousand fix hundred and fixty, shall caufe any goods for which cuftom, fubfidy or other duties are due or payable by virtue of the a ft pafled this parliament, (intituled, A fubfidy granted to the king of tannage and poundage, ana other fums of money) payable upon merchandize exported and imported) to be landed or conveyed away without due entry thereof first made, and the cuftomer or colleftor, or his deputy agreed with; that then and in such cafe, upon oath thereof made before the lord treafurer,’ or any of the barons of the exchequer, or chief magiftrate of the port or place where the offence shall be committed, or the place next adjoining thereunto, it shall be lawful to and for the lord treafurer, or any of the barons aforesaid, or chief magiftrate of the port or place where the offence shall be committed, or the place next adjoining thereunto, to ifluo out a warrant to any person or persons, thereby enabling him or them, with the afliftance of a (n$riff, juftice of peace or confta-ble, to enter into any houfe in the day-time where such goods are fufpefted to be concealed, and in cafe of refiftance to break open such houfes, and to feize and fecure the feme goods fo concealed 3 and all officers and minifters of juftice are hereby required to be aiding and afltfting thereunto.

II. Provided always, That no houfe shall be entred by virtue of this act, unleft it be within the fpace of one iponth after the offence fuppofed to be committed,

IU,

1660.3	Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c.20—22.	461

III.	Provided also, That this a& shall continue in force unto iralef* the end of the first feflion of the next parliament, and no longer. ®SL

IV.	Provided alio, That if the information whereupon any the offeuce

houfe shall come to be Searched, shall prove to be falfe j that committed, then and in such cafe, the party injured shall recover his full The continu-damages and cofts against the informer, by addon of trefpafs of tbu to be therefore brought against such informer.	Damage* and

13	Car. a. flat.	1.1.7. Ana by 1 Am. flat. 1.1.13. f. 2. and by cofts againft

9 Ann. t. 6. f. 2. Made perpetual by 3 G/t. 1. c, 7.	*»,fe io&nn-

C A P. XX.	"**

> An act for the railing of fevenfcor* thonfand pounds, for the coinpleat 1 disbanding of the whole army, and paying part of the navy. £ X P.

CAP- XXL

An act for the fpeedy raking of feventy thousand pounds, for the preient fupply of his Majdly. EXP. 13 and 14. Car. a. c. 10.

CAP. XXII.

An act for the regulating of the trade of hay-making in the Dutch bay-hall in Colchefter.

WHEREAS by the Jpecial favour of $>ueen Elisabeth there Preamble. was a congregation of Dutch people tolerated to praftife the 1 art and trade of bay and fay making in the town of Colchefter in the county of Lffex; and for the upholding the credit of the said trade, and for the avoiding and puniflnng all umft and fraudulent , dealings therein, there have been divers good anamdable orders and conjlitutions made, which were confirmed by letters patents under the great feal of England in the tenth year of King James, and by fe~

I veral orders made by the late King's privy-council j the JlriB and ex* aft execution of which said orders and conjlitutions by the governors of the Dutch bay-hall there, hath brought that kind of lb-apery into , high credit, not only at home, but also in foreign parts, and that by reafon of the said trade, many tboufands of poor people, both within the said town of Colchefter and places thereabout, are daily im-ployed and fet to work: (2) Notwithftanding which said orders, and Grievance. the care of the governors of the said Dutch bay-hall, many fraudulent and deceitful commodities, and flight and naughty bays, have been and daily are by the fecret and crafty praftices of fome men made in the said town, and are weekly brought and conveyed to London by certain persons ufing the trade of buying and felling of Colchefter bays, before fuen time as the said bays. have been viewed, fearched, mea-fured and fealed by the f worn officers of the said Dutch bay-hall; which said bays fo deceitfully and fraudulently made, are tranfported beyond the feas under the name, and oftentimes with the feal of Colchefter bays, whereby the bays there tnade are not of that credit and efteem as formerly: For the preventing of which said praftices and deceits, (3] Be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent ma- Confirmation jefty, with the afient of the lords and commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame. That the ^ bpy-hall governors of the laid Dutch bay-hall in Cokhejler, and the Dutch people there living, shall and may from henceforth peaceably and quietly ufc and exercifc the free trade of making bays* fays,

and.

2

All bays made at Colcbifter muft be carried to the Bat-ball and fearched.

No fuller shall work any bays not fearched and allowed*

Penalty of weavers and fullers offending.

Third offence.

No bays to be carried out of the town until fearched and allowed.

Penalty.

Penalty for crrnnt **rfigiting

Anno duodecimo CaROlI II. G.21.	£1660.

and other foreign draperies within the laid town of Calchejler, and be permitted to govern the said trade in their ailemblies and congregations, with all such liberties, privileges, immunities, and in as full and ample manner, as they have at any time heretofore enjoyed the fame by virtue of any order, grant or toleration to them made by Queen Elizabeth, King James, or the late King Charles of blefled memory, or any of them.

II.	And be it further enadtea by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatfoever, from ana after the twentieth day of September in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred and fixty shall weave or caufe to be woven within the said town of Cohnejler^ or the liberties thereof, any bay known by the name of four and fifties, fixties, fixty-eights, eighties and hundred bays, and shall not within two days alter such weaving, carry or caufe such bay to be carried to the Dutch bay-hally called the Raw-holly there to be viewed and fearched, to the intent it may appear whether the fame bay be well and fubftantiallv wrought, before as the said bay shall be carried to be fcoured anc! thickcd; (2) or if any fuller or thicker, or other person ufing the art or trade of fulling or thicking of bays, shall receive any such bay to be fulled and thicked before such time as the said bay hath been carried to the said Raw-hally and there (lamped and marked, as by the orders of the said hall it ought to be; (3) That every (uch weaver that shall fo convey the said bay, and every such fuller and thicker that shall receive such bay, before the lame be damped and marked as aforesaid, shall forfeit for the fird offence the fum of forty (hillings, to be levied by di-drefs and fale of the offender's goods, returning the overplus, the neceflary charges of didraining being fird deducted ; (4] and such forfeitures, in cafe such bay be made by an Englijl mader-maker, then the fame to be accounted for to the’ mayor and commonalty of the said town for the benefit of the popr of the said town; and in cafe such bay be the bay of a Dutch maf-ter-maker, then the fame to be difpofed by the governors of the said Dutch bay-hall for the ufe and benefit of the poor of the said Dutch congregation; and for the fecond offence shall forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be levied and difpofed in manner abovefaid; and for the third offence, not to be permitted to work any more within the town of Colchejier or liberties thereof.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That if any person or persons shall buy any of tne aforesaid bays, or convey or carry, or caufe such bay to be conveyed or carried out of the said town of Colcheftery before such time as the said bay hath been viewed, fearched, (lamped, foaled and meafured as aforesaid, by the (worn officers of the said Dutch bay-hall thereunto appointed, that in such cafe the said bay fo bought or carried, or offered to be carried or conveyed away, as aforesaid, shall be confifcated, the one moiety to him or them that feize the fame, and the other moiety to the poor of the pa-rifh where the said bay shall be taken and feized.

IV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatfoever shall from and after

the

x66o.] Anno duodecimo Carou II. c.22.	463

the said twentieth day of September counterfeit or caufe to be the cornora-counterfeited any of the feals ufed by the corporation or con- ***** gregation of the Dutch bay-bail in Cokhefter, or shall, not being the officer thereunto by the said corporation appointed, and in the place by them thereunto appointed, affix any such feal or feals to any Cokhefter bays, whether counterfeited or not coun-i terfeited; that every person fo offending, being thereof lawfully! convicted, shall for his first offence forfeit and pay to the ufe of the said governors of the said Dutch bay-ball the turn of twenty pounds, to be recovered in any of his Majesty’s courts of record, or in the town-court of Cokhefter,' by any aftion of debt, bill, plaint, information or otherwife, wherein no effoin, protection or wager of law shall be allowed; (2) and for the f$-cond offence, being convicted as aforesaid, shall (land in the pillory in the market or mod publick place where such offence shall be committed, for the fpace of one hour; (3) and for the third offence, being as aforesaid convifted, shall fuffer as a felon : And if any bays shall be taken carrying or carried out of Cokhefter without the mark of the maker, that all such bay shall be forfeit.

V.	And for the better difcovering, finding out and punilhing power to of the frauds and deceits aforesaid, be it further enabled by the fearch carts authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful for the go- packs, vemors of the said Dutch bay-hall, or their officers, or any of

them, from time to time in the day-time, to fearch any cart,

waggon or pack, wherein they shall have notice or fufpedl any

fuch deceitful bays to be; and also from time to time with a x© fearch

conftable, who are hereby reauired to be aiding and aflifting to houses with a

them, to make fearch in any houfe, (hop or ware-houfe, where conftable.

they are informed any such deceitful bays to be, and to fecure

and feize the fame, and carry the fame to the said Dutch bay-

hall ; (2) and that such bays fo feized and carried to the said forfeiture of

hall shall be confifcate ana forfeit, to be difpofed in such man- deceitful bays.

ner as the forfeitures herein before-mentioned to be paid by the

weavers and fullers are herein before limited and appointed.

VI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Power to make That for the better managing and regulating of the said art or by-laws, trade of making the bays aforesaid, that it shall and may be

lawful to and for the governors of the said Dutch bay-hall, from time to time, to make, conftitute and appoint such orders, bylaws and conllitutions, as to them shall feem meet and reafon-able.

VII.	Provided, That no such order, by-law or cohflitution Who IM1 ap-to be made, either in diminution of the King’s prerogative, or prove of them, the laws of this kingdom, be ufed or executed, until the fame

orders, by-laws and conllitutions have been examined and 'approved by the lord chancellor, lord treafurer of England, or chief justices of either bench, or any three of them, or before both the justices of afiize in their circuit or progrefs in the said county of EJfexi upon pain of forfeiture of twenty pounds for eveiy time they shall do the contrary. This adl to begin and take et-

fedl

464	Anno	duodecimo	Caroli	IL c.23.	[1660

fe6t from the twentieth day of September one thoulgnd fix him. drcd and fixty.

CAP. XXIII.

A grant of certain impojtttons upon beer, ale and other J jpprj, /<?r /A* increafe of bis Majefifs revenue during

THE atmmens qfembled in parliament, in gratitude foranhm ble acknowledgment of your Majfftfs great grace andfavour u j pour commons, beyond example of any year royal progenitors, exprefi in many publick afis and declarations, to the great rejoicing ani%m ral fatisfa&m of all your people,, which they defire to anfiver %u returns fuitable and exceeding the examples of assy of their anctftr. for the increasing of your Majefifs revenue during your Majtjtj reign, (which God long continueJ Do therefore give and grant unt your mod excellent Majesty die rates and duties, impofitioiu changes and Anns of money herein after following; and do be feech your Majesty that it may be cnaded } (2) and be it eiud ed by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and with the advic and confent of the lords and commons in parliament aflerobled That from and after the twenty-fifth day of December one tbx land fix hundred and fixty, there shall be throughout your Mt jetty’s kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, ana town 0 Berwick upon Tweed, railed, levied, collected and paid unto you nCar.i.c.14. Majesty during your life, for beer, ale, cyder and other liquor herein after mentioned, thefeyeral rates, impofitions, duties vl charges herein after exprefied, and in manner and form following : that is to fay.

The rates given to his Majesty for fife.

Beer and ale above 6 s. the barrel.

Beer and ale of 6 s. the barrel.

Cyder, perry.

II.	For every barrel of beer or ale above fix shillings the bar-*> rel, brewed by the common brewer, or any other person or I prrfons who doth or shall fell or tap out beer or ale publickly or f . privately, to be paid by the common brewer, or by such other f * * person or persons refpdSbvdy, and fo proportionably for a great- I

cr or lefler quantity, one OulUne three peace. --------- -	J

III.	For every barrel of fix shillings beer or ale, or under, brew-“J

ed by the common brewer, or any other person or persons who I doth or (hatf fell or tap out such beer or ale pubHckly or private- C - ^ ly,to be paid by the (aid common brewer, or by such other person or f 4 persons refpecHvely, as aforesaid, and fo proportionably for a \ greater or fefier auantity, three pence. -------------- -	—	*

IV.	For all cyaer ana perry made and fold by retail, upon e-very hogftiead, to be paid by the retailer thereof, and to pro- \ xy j portion ably for a greater or lefler meafore, pne (killing three f

Metheglin,

Mead,

Vinegar-beer.

pence.

V. For all metheglin or mead fold, whether by retail or other- j wife, |to be paid by the maker thereof, upon every gallon, one [

half-peny. ---------—	   —	     )

i VI. For every barrel of beer, commonly called vinegar-beer, , brewed by any common brewer in any common brewhoufc, fix |

Ob.

vU

Strong-water. VI1- For CYC,7 ga^on of (trong water or aqua-vita, made and ? • ^ 6	#	fold,	to	be	paid	by	the	maker	thereof,	one	peny. ---------	>	*'

Beer and ale

imported.

peny.

VIII. For every barrel of beer or ale imported from beyond /	.

the leu, three nulling*. ---------------------- —	.	 —	(w	’'

IX. Fa

1660.3 Anno duodecimo Ca&ou II. 0*33.

465

IX« for $vefy ton of cyd4r or perrjr imported from beyond the ) feat, and fe proportiohably for a greater or leffer quantity, five j v. s.

X.	For every gallon of fpirits made of any kind of wine or cy- « j der imported, two pence.

XI. for every gallon of ftrong water perfe&ly made, imported From beyond the Teas, four pence > ■	■■	■

XXI. For every'gallon of cofte'e made and fold, to be paid by the maker thereof, lour pence ‘

XIII.* For every gallon of chocolate, (herbet and tea, made and fold, to be paid by the pUker thereof, eight pence. _	■-

are enlarged and ffintifmtd by .1* Car. a. c. <4* M Car. a. c. 5,

ivd.

iv.d.

VSii.d.

Cyder and perry imported.

Spirits imported. Strong-water imported* Coffee.

Chocolate# Theft dries >

1 W.&M. feff.i*

c. *4. » W. kM. feff. a. c. io. 3 & 4 W. &M. c. 1. 45c5 W.&M. c.-$# 3&I W. &M..C. 7. and c. ao. 7 & * W. 3. c. 30.	10& si W. 3. c, 21. 4 Annae, c. 6. 8 Ann*,

c. 7. 1 Geo: 1. fiat. i. q. n. f. 8. 6 Qeo. 1. c. 4.

XIV. And be it further enabled and ordained by the authority The excife aforesaid, "That the several rates, duties and charges of excife or new impofts above-mentioned, hereby fet or impofed upon all ported*tobe and every the said foreign liquors which shall be imported or paid by die • brought intd all or any the ports of this kingdom and dominions importers in ’ thereof aforesaid, from apd after the five and twentieth day of ”^Se,< December next, (half be'from time to time fatisfied and paia by Sfait Wid* the merchant or xaerchants, importer or importers of the fame, ing. in ready moneyy upon his or their entry or entiies made, and before‘the landing thereof.	j

XVr Arid be it further eriadted by the authority aforesaid, Common Thaf all comtfion brewers of beer and ale shall once in every brcwcr* to week, and all inn-keepers, alehoufe-keepers, victuallers, and o-ther retailers of beer, ale, cyder, perry, metheglin or ftrong wa- retailers of ter, brewing, making or retailing the fame, shall once in every beer, ale, &c. month make true and particular entries at the office of excife, monthly, within the limits of which the said commodities and manufac-

tures are made, of all beer, ale, perry, cyder, metheglin, ftrong watery or other the liquors aforesaid, which they or any of them shall brew, make or retail in that week and month reipcdtively, as aforesaid.

XVI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The penalty That all such common brewers who no not once g week make for not ac-due arid particular entries, shall forfeit,five pounds: (2) And^eIJ.^5a,a that every such inn-keeper who doth not make true and parti-! r 21 * cular entries once a month, shall forfeit five pounds: (3) And

that every alehoufe-keeper, victualler or other retailer, who doth not once a month make due and particular entries, shall forfeit twenty (hillings.

XVII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid.

That every common brewer who shall not pay and clear off within a week after he made his entry, or ought to have made his entry, as aforesaid, shall pay double the value of the duty:

(2)	And (hat every inn-keeper, alehoufe-keeper, victualler or o-ther retailer, who shall not pay and clear off within a month after he made his entry, or ought to hate made his entry, as a-forefaid, shall pay double the value of the duty: (3) The faid

Vol. VU.	.H h	ref-

No person to be compelled by the com-miffioners of excite to go further for making their entries than the next market-town. Farther prow-/tons relating hereto 9x 5Car.su c. it. f. 9. a The commit-, footers for execution of this ad im-powered to appoint gag-era. The power of the gagers.

Returns made by the gagers.

Anno duodecimo Caroli II* ezg. [1660,

refpeftlve forfeitures to be levied upon thttir goods and chattels, in such manner and form as hereafter in thi$~a<ft is ordained and directed.	(J; . 7

XVIII.	Provided, That no fuchperfon ns aforebid shall he compelled by the commiflioners or fub-coH|n>iffioners of excife, to travel for the making of the said entries or payment of tkj said duties or other caule vyhatfoever touching or concerning th fame, if he livp in a market-town out of the said town \ if h< live out of a market-town, then to no ether place than to tin next market-town to his habitation in the fame county, on thi market-day.

XIX.	And be it further  enacted and ordained by the author* ty aforesaid, That the commiflioners who shall he appointedbj his Majesty for putting this ad in execution, and their fub-coni miflioners in their refpedive circuits and divifions, shall herd have power to conftitute under their hands and feals, such aa fo many gagers as they shall find needful Which gageri and every of them, shall at all times, as well by night as by d« and if by night, then in the prefence of a conftable orotk lawful officer, be permitted upon their requeft to enter the houi brew-houfe, diftilling-houfe, and all other houses and place Whatfoever belonging to or ufed by any brewer, inn-keepci vidualler, or other retailer of beer, brewing or making the (am as aforesaid, or by any diftiller of ftrong waters, of retailer q other the liquors aforesaid, and to gage ail coppers, fats andvef fels in the fame, and to take an account of beer, ale, worts, pcs ry, cyder, ftrong waters, aqua-vita^ metheglin, or other the I quors aforesaid, in the said houfes, places and veflels, from tits to time, brewed or made, and diftilledi (3} and thereof t make return or report in writing to the said commiflioners cj fub-commiflioners of excife, under whofe office and limits fuc brewer, retailer, diftiller, or maker of the liquors aforesaid, io\ dwell and inhabit, leaving a true copy of such return in writiii under his hand with such brewer, retailer, diftiller or makers 4 the liquors aforesaid; (4) and such reports or returns of thefai gagers shall be a charge upon the'faid brewers, makers and r< tailers refpedtively j (5) and if any such common brewer or« iailer shall refufe to permit any such gager or gagers to enter h brew-houfe, or any other place afore-mentioned, or to gage ( take account of his brewing-veflels, or of any, such beer, all worts, perry; cyder, ftrong Water,aqua-vita, metheglin, or oth| the liquors aforesaid, such brewer, retailer or diftiller, shall I forthwith forbidden by the said gager or gagers to fell, an out or deliver to any of his cuftomers any beer, ale, ftrong-wi ter, aqua-vitar9 or other the liquors aforesaid; (6) and if any fuc brewer, retailer or diftiller, of any the liquors aforesaid, after fuc warning given, shall fell, carry or deliver out the fame, or ar part thereof, not having paid and cleared the duty of excifi such person and persons shall, befides thp forfeiture of doub! the value, forfeit and lofe the fum of five pounds, as aforefsic for every offence, to be levied and recovered upon his or thei

good

>__

469

i66o.y Anno duodecimo Carolt II. c.23!

any thing in this aft to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withftandmg.

XXX.	Provided, That the said duty shall not be let to any other person or persons than to the person or persons recommended by the juftices, under the rate that it lhall be tendred to, and retufed by, foch person or persons fo recommended.

XXXI.	And be it further enacted and ordained by the autho- Forfeitures rity aforesaid. That all forfeitures and offences made and com- and offences named against this aft or any claufe or article therein contained,

(hall be heard, adjudged and determined by such person or per- fermTned. Tons, and in such manner and form as hereafter in and by this Hardr. 47S. aft is direftcd and appointed; that is to fay, (2) all filch torfei- * Salk. 555. tores and offences made and committed within the immediate * M°d* ***' limits of the chief office in London, shall be heard, adjudged and determined‘by the said chief commiffioners and governors of excife (appointed by his Majesty) or the major pan of them, or by the commiffioners fat appeals and regulating of this duty, or the major part of them, in cafe of appeal, and not otherwife:

(3)	And all such forfeitures and offences made and committed within all or any other the counties, cities, towns or places within this kingclom or dominions thereof shall be heaid and determined by any two or more of thejuftices of the peace re-1 tiding near to the place where such forfeitures shall be made or offence committed: (4) And in cafe of negleft or refufal of such justices of the peace, by the fpace of fourteen days next after; complaint made, and notice thereof given to the offender, then the tub-commiffioners or the major part of them appointed for any such city, county, town or place, shall and are hereby im-powered to near ana determine the fame: (5) And if the party Appeals by find himfelf aggrieved by the judgment given by the said fob- parties grief-commiffioners, he shall and may appeal to the iuftices of the«d* peace at the next quarter-feffions, who are hereby impowered and authorized to hear and determine the fame, whole judgment therein shall be final; (6) which said commiffioners for appeals and regulating of this duty, and the chief commiffioners fpr excife, and all justices of peace and fob-commiffioners aforesaid refpeftively, art hereby authorized and ftriftly enjoined and required upon any complaint or information exhibited and .brought of any such forfeiture made or offence committed contrary to this act, to fommon the party accufed, and upon his appearance or contempt to proceed to the examination of the matter of faft, and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confeffion of the party or by the oath of one or more credible witnefles (which oath tney or any two or more of them have hereby power to adoninifter) to give judgment or fentence, according as in and by this aft is before ordained and direfted; and to award and iffue out warrants under their hands for the levying of such forfeitures, penalties and fines as by this aft is impofed for any such offence committed, upon the goods and chattels of the offender, and to caufe (ale to be made of the said goods and pfiattejs if they lhall not be redeemed within fourteen

JH h 3	days,

468	Anno duodecimo Carou II. c.23.

Beer aj^ ak XXV. Provided always. That if any person or pcrfonsll lold in fairs. brcw and fell by retail any (mail quantities of beer or ale inij fair within this realm or dominions aforefeid, who is not oil . wife any common or ufual brewer or retailer thereof, and j before any such felling and retailing thereof, well and trulyj and fetisfy the duty due for the feme to the commiflione fub-commiflioners within whofe limits or divifions the faidj shall be held, or to their officers thereunto appointed; that A foch person or persons fo brewing or retailing the feme, and] fo much and no more, norotherwife, shall be freed and difcha cd from all penalties and forfeitures in and by this aft befa mentioned and impofed; any thing therein contained to I .contrary notwithstanding.

The comraif- XXVI. Provided neverthelefe. That it shall and may beh fioner* may ful to and for the feid commiffioners and fub-commiffioa' compound refoeftively, to compound for this duty with any inn-kctjx kwp^reSSu viftualler, alehoufe-keeper, or retailer of beer, ale and other i er orviftual- liquors aforefeid, within their refpeftive divifions from tin: kr.	time, in such manner and form as may be mod for the adra

tage and improvement of the receipts thereof; any thing iau aft before contained to the contrary nonvitbftanding.

Any the rates XXVII. And it is further ordained and enacted by thautk in this aft may rity aforefeid. That the lord treafurer or commiffiontn of ti be (armed for treafury for the time being, or such other person or perfomas/ij three years. Majefliy shall appoint, shall have power and are hereby vk rized and impowered from time to time to treat, contract, a dude and agree with any person or persons forj>r concern the farming of all or any the rates, duties and charges in ttm: mentioned upon beer, ale,, perry, cyder or other the liquoni forefaid, in any the refpeftive counties, cities or places of ti realm or dominions thereof, as may be fpr the greateft beg and advantage of the feid receipt, fo* as the feme exceed nor: term of three years.

XXVIII.	And be it further enafted. That every such c tra$, bargain and agreement of the lord treafurer or com fioners of the treafury, or other persons aforefeid, on behalf of! Majcfty on the one part, and the person or persons farming the other part, shall be good and effeftual in law to all into and purposes,

Perfons con- XXIX. Provided always, to the end the aforefeid duty s raftingthat, be paid with mod eafe to the people, it is hereby further m by thejuilices That the lord treafurer, commiffioners of the treafury or of the peace ther persons aforefeid, shall not within fix months after cot in every coun- mencement of this act, treat, conclude or agree with any peri tSe	or Per^on$ touching the farming of this duty upon beer and;

any farm. °* *n	refpeftive counties or places of this realm or domii

ons thereof, other than with such person or persons as by 1 justices of peace of the feid counties or places, or the major p; of them at their publick quartcr-feffions, (hail be nominated! appointed in that behalf, which person or persons is (0 have t first refufal of any such farm refpeftivdy, and may take the fam

47*

fAtirio dubddeiftto CAk&II. c.ij.'

Mayfly Jbttt appiititto reeiibi the fitthe^ dndJhaU take tio fie or toati	fot tbeUxtottim of the /aid office, from other person than

from his Majefti of thofe whom bis Majejty in that behalf

XXXIV.	And be it farther enacted by the authority afore- certificates at faid; That every fuph juftice of peace (hail certify the taking of tbenext quar-fach Path td the next quarter feffions, there to be recorded; (2) ter-feffion*. and it h farther enaded, That ail parts of the cities of London

and	Wefiminjler, with the borough of S, and the several Southwark. *

fobutbs thereof, and parities within the weekly bills of mortality, shall be under the immediate dare, infpedion and management of the fad head office; (and fach, and fo many fabor- officers to be dinate comoiiffioners and fnb-commiffioners, ?nd other officers appointed by and mlniftets for the execution of the premises, /hall be frcai bUMajefty. tinfe to time nominated and appointed by his Majesty, in all and every othCr the counties, cities, towns and places within this kingdom of Ettgldnd, dominion Of tV&Us and port of , as from time to time his Majesty shall think lit. (4) And it is The excife# hereby farther graded, That (he said office of excife in ail pla- office to be ces where it shall be appointed, shall be kept Open from eight °Pcn' of the dock in the morning till twelve of the dock at noon, and from two of (he dock in the afternoon till five of the dock in (he afternoon, for the due execution and performance of all and every the matters and things in this ad appointed and required.

(5)	And If h further hereby enaded, That the said chief com- The pniffioriers of excife, or the majdr part of them, shall from time collected to (6 rime iffile forth and pay fuCh' faffi and fams of money, as shall ** P***1 !nto from time to time be received, tolleded or levied by virtue of this t^exche. ad, into his Majesty*s receipt of exchequer.	quer. •

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That if any persons Cued person or persons shall at any time be foed or profecuted for any may plead the thing by him or them done or executed in puniiance of this ad, general iflue. he or they shall and may plead the general iflue, and give this

ad in evidence for his defence; (2) and if upon the trial a ver-did shall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs be nonfuited, then such the defendant or defendants shall have double cofts to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XXXVI.	Provided also, and be it enaded, That no writ or Writs of cer-writs of certiorari shall fuperfede execution or other proceedings, tiorari lhall upon any order or orders made by the justices aforesaid m pur- not ffiperiede fuance of this ad, but that execution and other proceedings shall fpg,f>rocee * and may be had and made thereupon, any such writ or writs or allowance thereof notwithstanding.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That provifo for this ad, or any thing therein contained, shall not be prejudicial Edw. Back, to Edward Backwtll alderman of London, as to the fum of twen- well for pay# ty eight thoufaod four hundred and fifty pounds, or any part ”5" ^ thereof by him advanced upon the credit of several orders of

this present parliament, and by them charged on the receipt of the grand excife$ that is to fay, the fum of five tbouiand pounds

Hh 4 payable

47?	Anno-duodecimo Caroli II, &?4»V. '[iUo.

payable to his Majesty’s furveyor general for the repair of te Majesty’s houfes, charged by virtue of an order of the fixthoi September one thousand fix hundred fixty, with intereft for the fame; the fum of ten thousand pounds advanced to her high, nefs the Princefs royal, being charged with intereft by an order of the thirteenth September, one thoufimd fix hundred fixty, the fum of ten thousand pounds payable to her Majesty the Quec of Bohemia, being charged, together with intereft, by an order of the thirteenth of September, one thousand fix hundred fixty, the fum of three thousand four hundred and fifty pounds payable for provifions for Dunkirk, by an order of the twenty-fixth of November one thousand fix hundred fixty; which fum of twee-ty-eight thousand four hundred and fifty pounds, together mi the intereft for the fame, according to the tenor of the said orders, after the rate of fix per cent. shall be paid to the said Edward Backwell or his afligns, out of'the grand excife, and the arrears thereof, in dourfe, as is by the dud orders appointed; and in cafe the fame shall fall ihort in payment by the twenty, fifth of December one thousand fix hundred and fixty, that thea the remainder shall continue fecured to him out of the whok excife in courfe as aforefiud, and that no other payments lx made out of the excife, but what is appointed by this prefe parliament in courfe to precede the fame, until the (aid debt due to the said Edivard Backwell be (atisfied; and that in cafe any part of the monies due to alderman Backwell, be paid out at' that part of the excife which shall grow due to the King’s majesty, that then his Majesty shall be reimbursed the fame out of, the first jnoni.es that shall come in of the arrears of excife that will be due the said twenty-fifth of, December. Confirmed by if fan 2. flat. i. cf 7.

CAP. XXIV.

An a£l for taking away the court of wards and liveries, m tenures in capice, and by knjgbts~farvbcey and purveyance and for fettling a revenue upon bis Majesty in lieu themf,

Thereafauof XX^HEREAS it hath been found by former experience, Thattk this aft.	V V courts of wards and liver res, and tenures by knights-fmnu,

either of the King or others, or by knights fervice in capite, or cage in capite of the King, and the conferments upon the fame, bm been much more burthenfome, grievous and prejudicial to the kingdom, than they have been beneficial to the King: (2) And whereas fmcc th , intermiffion of the said court, which hath ficcn from the four ad twentieth day of February which was in the year of our Lord am thousand fix hundred forty and five, many persons have by will mi otherwise made difpefal of their lands held by knight s-fervicey wbcri-upon dwers queftions might poffibly arise, unlefs feme feafonablt mi-ay be taken to prevent the Jame j (3) be it therefore enacted by the King our fovereign lord, with the aflent of the lords and commons in parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, and it is hereby enafted. That the court of wards and liveries,

*	'	and

z 66o.] .Anno duodectmo^QAROLi II* 0*24.	473

and all Wardfhips* liveries* primer feifins and oufterlqhains^Thc court of values and forfeitures of marriages, by reafon of any tenure of and lithe King’s Majesty, or of any other oy knights-fervicc^and all faTm* kc™**, rnean rates, and all other gifts, grants, charges incident or taken away, arifing, far or by reafon of wardihips, liveries, primer feifins or oufterlcmains be taken away and difeharged, and are hereby en- * a&ed to be taken away and difeharged, from the fajd twenty- % fourth day of February one thousand fix hundred forty-five;' any law, ftatute, custom or ufege to the contrary hereof in any 'wile notwithftandjng *J{4) And that all fines tor alienations. Fines foralie-feizures and pardons for alienations, tenure by homage; and all nations, &c. \ charges incident or arifing, for or by reafon ot wardihip, livery, ta*cn ***** pritner,feifin or oufterlemain, or tenure by knights-fervite, ef-cuage, and also, aid pur file marrier, and pur fair fitz chivaHer, all other chains incident thereunto, be likewise taken away and difeharged* from the said twenty-fourth day of February one thousand fix hundred forty and five; any law, ftatute, custom or usage to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithstanding:

X5) And that'all tenures by knights fervice of the King, or ofxciniw# -any other perfon, and by knights-fervice in tapite, and by foe- kmghts-fer-age in tapite of the King, and the fruits and confequents there- vice taken * of, happened or which shall or may hereafter happen or arise awa^* thereupon or thereby, be taken away and difeharged, any law, ftatute, custom or usage to the contrary hereof in anywife notwithstanding; (6) and all tenures of any honours, manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any eftate of any inheritance at the common law, held either of the King, or of any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate are hereby enaded to be turned into free and common (ocage,. to all intents and purposes, from the said twenty-fourth day of February one thousand fix hundred forty-five, and shall be to conftrucd, adjudged and deemed to be from the said twenty-fourth day of February one thousand fix hundred forty-five, and for ever thereafter turned into free and common (ocage; any law, ftatute, . , custom or usage to the contrary hereof in any wife notwith-ftanding.

II.	And that the fame fhalj for ever hereafter ftand and be Tenures by > difeharged of all tenure by homage, efeuage, voyages royal and homage, efeu-charges for the fame, ward (hips incident to tenure by knights- age, &c.dlf-fervice, and values and forfeitures of marriage, and all other c

charges incident to tenure by knights-feFvice, and of and from aide pur file marrier, and aide pur fair fitz thivalier; any law, ftatute, uiage or custom to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding : (a) And that all conveyances and devifes of any manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments made fince the said jtwenty-fourth day of February, shall be expounded to be of such effe£]t, as if the fame manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments had been then held and continued to be holden in free and common focaee only; any law, ftatute, custom or usage to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithstanding..

III.	And be jt further ordained and enacted by the authority

’	of

474

The alb of 3* H. S. C. *4. fcj* H.S. c.i», repealed.

All teams to be created bp the King here-after Audi be free and common focage. Dyer 44. pi. at*

Prvrffefer

rents certain, heriotii &e.

Fines for alienations due by particular cu-ftoms of ma-

Tennres in Frtutk Almoign.

Copy

roll.

of court-

Honorary fer-yices.

Parents may

difpofeof the ctlftody of children during their minority.

Vaughan t77« % Mod. 14*

Anno duodtfrinto CAROtf It 144.’	[i6d

of this present parliament, Thu MW mtde ill the reign King	Hnnythe Eighth, intituled.

the court of the King’s wards; and also one idl of paiiianM made in the thirty-third year of the reign of the laid K= Hatty the Eighth, concerning the officers of the court of wa and liveries, and every claufe, article and matter in the laid a contained, shall from henceforth be repealed and utterly void

IV.	And be it farther  enacted by the authority dbrefud, Th

all tenures hereafter to be created by the King’s majeflj, i hears or focceflors, upon any gifts or grams of any manor lands, tenement* or hereditaments, of any dtate of hsheritaa at the common law, shall be in free and common focage, a shall be adjudged to be in free and common focage only, s not by knights-fcrvice or its tapite, and shall be di (charged 1 all waidfhip, value and forfeiture of marriage, livery, prim fitifin, tttfUrkmesirt,	aid* par four fox	pur

any law, statute or rtfervation to the contrary thereof in aej wile notwkhftanding.

V.	Provided neverthelefs, and be It ena&od, That this s& or any thing herein contained, shall not take away, nor be cm ftrura to take away, any rents certain, he riots or foies of coon belonging or incident to any former tenure how taken away a altered by virtue of this act, or other Cervices incident or belonging to tenure in common focage, due or to gToW due to tin King’s majesty, or mean lords, or other pritate perfbn, or tfe fealty and diftrefls* incident thereunto) .(2) and that (iich relief shall be paid in refpedt of such rents as is paid in cafe of 1 death of a tenant in Common focage.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enabled. That any thiq herein contained fhaffl not take away, nor be codftrued to tab away, any fines for alienation due by particular cuftoms of particular manors and places, other than fines for alienations a lands or tenements holden immediately of the King in

VII.	Provided aho, and be it further enacted, That this act,

or any thing therein contained, shall not take away or be coo-ftrued to- take away, tenures in Frank	,	or	to	fubjer:

them to any greater or other Cervices than they now are; (2) not to alter or change any tenure by copy of court roll, or any Cervices incident thereunto; (3) nor to take away the honorary Cervices of grand-forjeantry, other than of wardfhip, marriage and value of forfeiture of marriage, efeuage, voyage* royal and Other charges incident to tenure by knight«-ferv ice; and other than mdf pur faitr	fifts chivdUer, and aide pur fit marrier.

VIII.	And be k further enaded by the authority aforesaid, That where any person hath or foall have any child or children under the age of one and twenty years, and not married at the time of his death. That it shall and may be lawful to and Cor the father of such child or children, whether bom at the time of the deueafe of the father, or at that time in ventre fa mere, or whether such father be within the age of one and twenty years, or of full age, by hi* deed executed in flis life-time, or by his

lift

MB

: 660.3 Anno duodecimo GaroliII. c.44.

aft •will and teftament in writing, in the preface of two or store credible wknefles, in such manner, and from time to time, as he (ball refpeftively think fit, to difpofe of the cuftody and tuition 0 iinch child or children,- for and during Inch time as be or they shall refpeftively remain -under the age of one and twenty years, or any lefler rime, to any perfon. or persons in poflcmon or remainder, other than popifh rectsfants; (2) and that such difpoikion of the cuftody of such child or children made fince the twenty-fourth of' February one thoofand fix hundred forty-five, or hereafter to be made, shall be good and effectual against all and every person or persons claiming the ctifto-dy or tuition of such child or children as guardian m foeage or otberwUe: (3) And that such person or perfon*, to whom the Aftion* of ra-cuftody of such child or children hath been or (halt be fb dif-	°*

pofed or devifed as aforefcid, shall and may maintain anaftion of ravifhment of ward or ttdpafs, against any perftw or per-* fons which shall wrongfully take away or detain such child or children, for the recovery of such child or children; *(4) and shall and may recover damages for the fame in the said aftion, for the ufe and benefit of such child or chrldrch.

IX.	And be it further onafted. That such person or persons, The land* of to whom the cuftody of such child or children hath been or children, and shall be fo difyofed or devifed, fhdll- and may take into his or mentof^Seir their cuftody to the ufe of foch child or children, the profits of pyribnal eftate all lands, tenements and hereditaments of such child or children j by their guar-and also the cuftody, tuition and management of the goods, dian*. chattels and pcrfonal eftate of such child or children, till their refpeftive age of one and twenty years, or any lefler time, according to such difpofition aforesaid ■> (2) and may bring such aftion or aft ions in relation thereunto, as by law a guardian in common focage might do.

•X. Provided also, That (his aft, or any thing therein contained, (halt not extend to aher pr prejudice the custom of the city of	London* nor of any other city or town corporate, or of

the town of Berwick upon Tweed* concerning orphans; nor to difcharge any apprentice from his apprentfcefhip.

XI.	Provided also, That neither this act, nor any thing- .f . therein contained, shall infringe or hurt any title of honour, w m»e* of " fcodal or other, by which any person hath or may have right honour feodaL to fit in the lords houfe of parliament, as to his or their title of

honour, or fitting in parliament, and the privilege belonging to them as peers; this act, or any thing therein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

XII.	And whereas by likeexperience it hath been That Purveyance*

though divers	good* Jiriit* and wholefom laws have been	made in the and proviGon*

times of fmdry bis Majeffs ntofl noble progenitors* fome extending ^ouftwlcTtaf '* ft far as to	life* for reirefs of the grievances and oppreffions commit- ^ awa„

tea by the persons employed for making proviftons for the King’s houf-hold, carriages and other purveyance for his Majejly and his oxcafions; yet divers oppreffions	have been fill continued* and	feveral eounties

hope Jubmittedthemjebves to Jwtdrp rates and, tones and compofttions*

to

Purveyances far the King, Qgeea, &c.

Timber, carts, carriages, 5tc. taken away. Altered by 13 Car. a. ftat. i. c. I. f. a.

13 & 14. Car.*, c. so. f. i. & x Jac. a. c. 10.

No pre-emption to be allowed or claimed in behalf of the King, See.

*The penalty.

. Anno duodecimo CAJtoii U. c. ±4.'	[166:,

H redeem tbemfiches firm	fitebvexation ■ (2)	hi

ftrafmueb	as tit liras and	amnamsajfembled in parliament

that the find remedies art netfulij effefinal, and toot n» ether rmr.\ will he ft effefitud and juft, as te take away the octafin there efpeeiaUj	if fatisfafiien and reeempentt	be therefore nude ti

Majefty, bis heirs and fiucejjirsfluhiehis herebypreviJedte bis Mnjtfc gotdaking and untent \ his Majesty is theref ore gracioufly pleafe That it may be enacted; (3) .and be it enaaed by the icin’' tnoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and content 0 the lords and common* in this present parliament alfembkd That from henceforth no Aim or Aims of money or other this shall be taken, railed, taxed, rated, impofed, paid or lend for or in-regard of any provifion, carriagesor purveyance fj his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors.

XIII And that henceforth no period or persons by any war rant, comma Sion or authority under the great leal or otherw

S colour of buying or making provifion or purveyance for hi qefty or any Queen of Bngusni for the time being, or of an] the children of any King or Queen of England for the time be ing or that shall be, or for his, their or any of their houfholi, shall take any timber, fewel, cattle, com, grain, malt, bar draw, vi&ual, cart, carriage or other thing whatfoever, ofao) the iubjedU of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, withoutth free and full confent of the owner or owners thereof had and obtained without menace or inforpement; (2) nor shall fen-mon, warn, take, ufe or require any of the said fubje&s, la tumifti or. find any horfes, oxen or other cattle, carts, plough;, wains or other carriages, for the ufe of his Majesty, his bon or fucceflors, or of any Queen of England, or of any child a Children of any the Kings or Queens of England for the tut being, for the carrying tne goods of his Majesty, his hein fucceflors, or the said Queens, or children or any of then, without such full and free confent as aforesaid; any law, ftatutt, custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV.	And be it further cnadted. That no pre-emption (hail be allowed or claimed in the behalf of his Majesty or of any heirs or fucceflors, or of any the Queens ef England, or of any the children of the royal family for the time being, in marker or out of market; (2) but that it be for ever hereafter free to all and every of the fubje&s of his Majesty, to fell, difpofe or employ his said goods to any other person or persons as himkli fifteth, any pretence of making provifion or purveyance or victual, carriages or other thing for his Majesty, hjs heirs and fucceflors, or of the laid Queens or children, or any pretence of pre-emption in their or any of their behalfs notwithstanding: (3) And if any person or person shall malge provifion or purveyance for his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, or any the Queens or children aforesaid, or imprefs-or take any such carriages or other things aforesaid, on any pretence or colour of .any warrant aforesaid, under the great feal or otherwjfe, contrary

1660.J Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c/2'4.	477

trary to the intent hereof* it shall be lawful for the juftice* of peace, or such two or one of them as dwell near* and to. the conftables of such parifh or village where such occafion shall happen* at the requeit of the party grieved, and they are hereby enjoined, to commit or caufe to he commited the party or parties fo doing and offending to gaol, till the next fenions, there to be indicted and proceeded against for the fame j and that the officers and inhabitants of the village or parifh where such offence shall happen, shall be affiftant therein; (4) and moreover, the party grieved shall have his aCtion or aaions a* gainft such offender or offenders, and therein recover his treble damages and treble cofts : In which aCtion, no eiloin, wager No aCtion up-of law, aid-prayer, privilege, protection, imparlance, injunc-on fta*utc tion of order of reftraint shall be granted or allowed: (5) And order if any Oerfon or persons shall (after notice given that the aCtion of the court depending is grounded upon this ftatute) caufe or procure any where such aCtion ,at the common law grounded on this ftatute, to be de- *&ion delayed or flayed before judgment, by colour or means of any or- Pendt* der, power, warrant or authority, fave only of the court where such aCtion shall be brought and depending, or after judgment had upon such aCtion, shall caufe or procure execution of such judgment to be (tayed or delayed by colour or means of any order, warrant, power or authority, fave only by writ of error or attaint, or order of such cqurt where fuen writ of error ox attaint shall be depending; that then the person fo offending shall incur the pains, penalties and forfeitures ordained and provided by the statute of provifion and pntmmire made in the Prasmunire, fixteenth year of the reign of King Richard the Second: (6) 16 R- *•c* $• Provided always. That this aCt extend not to prejudice any of provif0forthe his Majesty’s rights, titles or duties of, in or to, or out of any fhmnaries, * tin in the ftannaries of Devon and Cornwall, nor to prejudice butlerage, the ancient duties of butlerage and prizage of wines ; but that pnzage. the fame shall be in the fame plight that the fame were before the making of this aCt; any thing herein contained to the con-trary in any wife notwithstanding. (7) And now to the intent and purpoie that his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, may re- for th* count^ ceive a full and ample recompence and fatisfaCtion, as well for of ward^aiidl the profits of the said court of wards, and the tenures, ward- purveyances* (hips, liveries, primer feifins, oujler le mains, and other the premises and perquifites incident thereunto ; and for all arrears any way due for the fame, as also for all and all manner of purvey-	.	.

ance and provifions herein before-mentioned, and intended to be taken away and abolifhed ; and all Turns of money due or	..	:

pretended to be due or payable for and in refpcCt of any com-pofitions for the fame:

XV.	Be it therefore enaCted by the authority aforesaid, That uCat.s.r.yj. there shall be paid unto the King's majesty, his heirs and fuc- Rates of the.; ceffors for ever hereafter, in recompence as aforesaid, the fo-veral rates, impofitions, duties and charges herein after ex-prefled* and in manner and form following: That is to fay,

XVI.	For

Anno duodecimo Cakoli II. c.24.	[166c

XVI,	For evejybairri of beer or ale above fix (billings the bar-*'! rd, brewed by the common brewer, or any other person or I persons who doth or shall fell or tap out beer or ale publickly or I privately; to be paid by die common brewer, or by such other C 1 person orperfoo* refpeCtiyrly, and fo proportkmahly for a great- \

cr or kfler .quantity, one falling three pence, ■ ■	■	J

XVII.	For cvcr^barreloffix shillings beer or ale, or under, brew-"*

ed by the common brewer, or any other person or persons who I doth or ftuil fell or tap oat fnch beer or afe publickly or private-1 -|y,t© be paid bytbe f*ia common brewer,or by foch other person or f ^ persons refipeainely, as afore (aid, and fo proportionably for a 1 greater or lefler quantity, three pence. —- -	-■■■	■

XVin. For all cyder and perry made and (old by retail, upon 1 every hogihead, to be paid by the retailer thereof, and fo pro- C portwnably for a greater or lefler meafure, one (hilling three f pence. ---------------- —	J

XI;

XIX For all metheglinor mead fold, whether by retail or other- j wife, to be paid by the maker thereof, upon every gallon, one |

1

Ob

u

half-pony.

XX. i For every barrel of beer, commonly called Vinegar-beer, brewed by any common brewer in any common brewbou/e, fix

^ XXL For every gallon of ftrong wafer or aqua-yit*, made and J ftM, to be paid by the maker thereof, one peny. ----------— J

XXII.	For every barrel of beer or ale imported from beyond (...

the teas, three (hillings. -- —	fw<#,

XXIII.	For every ton of cyder or perry imported from beyond^

the Teas, and (b proportion ably for a greater or lefler quantity, Vu, five(hillings ------ ——■■■	—-------.	----=—	 '

XXIV.	For every gallon of fpirits made of any kind of wine

or cyder imported, two pence ■> ■—■	■	> —— ii.d.

XXV.	For every gallon of firong-water perfectly made, imported from beyond the feat, four pence ----------------------  iv.	d,

XXVI.	For every galon of coffee made and fold, to be paid

by the maker thereof, four pence -----------------------------  iv.	I

_________________ XXVII.	For everv gallon of chocolate, (herbet and tea, made

%% fcar, %.c+. and fold, to be paia by the maker thereof, eight pence — viiii

f. 1.

The duties on XXVIII. And be it further enabled and ordained by the a coffee, &c. r#-thority aforesaid, That the several rates, duties and chaige* (Urt ^ excife, or new imports above mentioned, hereby fet or impofe upon all and every the said foreign liquors which shall be in ported or brought into all or any the ports of this kingdom an dominions thereof aforesaid, from and after the five and twa tieth day of December next, shall be from time to time fatis/ic and paid by the merchant or merchants, importer or imports of the fame, in ready money, upon his or their entry or enf/i made, and before the landing thereof. .	.

XXIX. And be it further enaCted by the authority afore&d That all common brewers of beer anJ ale, shall once inever week, and all inn-keepers, alehoufe-keepers, victuallers an other retailers of beer, ale, cyder, perry, metheglin or rtrong brew^<hiu- water> brewing, making dr retailing the fame, shall oncei keepers,’ &c."every month make true and particular entries at the office c excite, within the limits of which the said commodities aw manufactures arc made, of all beer, ale, perry, cyder, methe

Explatmdby

9.6.

Rates of excite upon foreign liquors imported, to be paid in mo-ney before landing.

Entries to be made at the excife-office

%

iS6o.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c.’ 24.	479

. glin, ftrong-watcr or other the liquors aforesaid, which they Or any of then shall brew, make or retail in that week and month respectively a» afbiefaid.

XXX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforesaid. The penalty That all such common brewers who do not once a week make for not nuk-due and particular entries, shall forfeit ten pounds: (2) And in8 entries, that every such inn-keeper who doth not make true and parti*

cular entries once a month, shall forfeit five pounds: (3) And that every alehoufe-keeper, victualler, or other retailer who doth not once a month make due and particular entries, shall forfeit twenty (hillings.	•	*

XXXI.	And be it further.enafted by theauthority aforesaid. The penalty That every common brewer who shall not pay and clear off for not pay-within a week after he made his entry, hr ought to have made “’S'

his entTy, as aforesaid, shall pay double the value of the duty:

(2) And that every inn-keeper, alehoufe-keeper, victualler, or other retailer who shall not pay and clear off within a month after he made his entry, or ought to have made his entty as a-forefaid, shall pay double the value of the duty:- (3) The said refpeCHveforfeitures to be levied upon their goods and chattels, iu such manner and form as hereafter in this aft is ordained and directed.

XXXII.	Provided, That no such person as aforesaid (haH be favhstylnoce

compelled by the commiffioners, or fub-commifftoners of the «ntnes»*«o* excite, to travel for the making of the said entries or payment of	ntvj

the said duties or other caufe wnatfoever touching or concerning^,

the fame, if he live in a market-town, out of the said town;	>5	car.

he live out of a market-town, then to no other place than to *•c- **• f- 9* the next market-town to his habitation in the fame county, on the market-day.

XXXIII.	And be it further enaCted and ordained by the au- -n,epewergof thority aforesaid. That the commiffioners who shall be appoint- the commifoo-cd by his Majesty for putting this aCt in execution, and thrir nen to ap-fub-commiffioners in their refpeCtive circuits and diviftons, (haH point gagers, hereby have power to conftitute under their hands and feals

fuch and fo many gagers as they lhall find needful: (2) Which—	f

gagers, and every of them, shall at all times, as well by night tj,e	°*

as by day, and if by night, then in the prefence of a conftable or other lawful officer, be permitted upon their requeft to enter the houfe, brew-houfe, diftilling-houfe, arid all other houfeS and places whatfoever belonging to, or ufed by any brewer, innkeeper, victualler, or other retailer of beer, brewing or making the fame, as aforesaid, or by any diftiller of ftrong waters, or retailer of ether the liquors aforesaid, and to gage all coppers, .	.	,

fats and vefiels in the fame, and to take an account of beer, ale, worts, perry, cyder, ftrong waters,	metheglin,	or

other the liquors aforesaid, in the said houfes, places and vefiels, .	<	•

from time to time brewed or made, and diftilled; (3) and thereof to make return or report in writing to. the said com-miflioners or fub-commiffioners of excife, under whofe office and limits such brewer, retailer, diftiller or maker. *of the liquors

Penalty for felling, lee. not having cleared the excife.

j$drop.diiodecitntt CaroU IL jc*24«\	[1660.

ouorsafpreftud 4ot)f dwell and inhabit* tewiagra/trur copy of fiich return in writing uftder his hand with: fiich bidwer, re^ tailer, diftiller, or maker of the liquors .tfore&id ; (4) and such reports or .return! of the said g*ger».1hall hta charge upon the said brewers, makers and retailers refpe<9tivdy: (5): And if any such common brewer, maker or retailer* (hail refufe to permit any such gager or gagers to enter bis bnew-houfe or any other places afore mentioned, or bo gage or take account of hfs brewing vcffels, or of any such beer, ale,, worts, perry* cyder, ftrongwatinr* *qmrvit*y metheglin, orother the liquors.afore-faid, Tuch brewer, retailer or aiftiller, shall be forthwith forbidden by the feidgager or gagers, to. fell, carry out.or deliver to any of his customers, any beer, ale, ftrong-watec, oqua-vitax or other the liquors afore (aid ; (6) and if any such breWer, retailer, or diftiller of any tlie liquors aforesaid, after such warning given, shall fell, early or deliver out the fame* or any part thereof, not having paid and cleared the duty of .excife, Cuch person and persons ■ shall, befides the forfeiture of double the value, forfeit and lofe the fum of ten pounds as aforeftid, for every offence, to be levied and recovered upon his or their goods and chattels in manner and form as hereafter in this adt is provided.	.,

IVoftrtfcnis** XXXIV. And for the avoiding of all incertainty and.difpute beiabfcrvedin touching the returns made or to be made by. the gagqrs of returns of any beer or: ale fo brewed as aforesaid; (2) be, it; cna&ed and declared by the authority aforesaid, That every (ix and thirty gallons of beer taken by the gage according to the ftandard of thq ale-quart, four whereof shall .make the gallon, remaining in the cuftody.of the chamberlains of his Majesty’s exchequer, shall be reckoned, accounted and returned by the gager, for a barrel of beer, and every two and thirty gallons of ale taken by the gage according to the fame ftandard, shall be in like manner reckoned, accounted and returned for a barrel of ale, and all other the liquors aforesaid according to the wine gallon. XXXV. Provided always, and be it enabled and ordained by retailers toob- the authority aforesaid, That no brewers or retailers of beer and ale, shall take any more in the price thereof, upon fale of the *" fame, than according to the ufual rates and prices 4 faving; that every common brewer shall and may take and receive of all and every person and perfpns to whom he shall fell and deliver any ale or beer, the excife thereupon due as aforesaid, over and above the ufual rates and prices.

Encourage- XXXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That ment to brew- for the better encouragement of all common brewers and mak-true entries crs °f beer or ale to make due entry and payment thereof according as by this a<5t is appointed, the said common brewer, not Allowance for	fame by retail, for and in confideration of wall# by

watte and	fillings and leakage of their beer and ale, shall have and be al-

ltakage.	lowed oat of the said returns made by; the gagers, the feverai

allowances and abatements hereafter mentioned, (that isto fay} .upon every.three and twenty barrels of beqr, whether ftrong

01

mw-

Brewers and

rates and prices.

\

481

1660.J Anno duodecimo Caroli II. 0.24.

©r fmall, returned by the said gagers, three barrels; and upoij every two and twenty barrels of ale, whether ftrong or fmall j returned by the gagers, two barrels; which said allowances and abatements the laid commiflioners to be appointed as aforesaid j and their fub-comtniflioncrs, are hereby authorized to allow and make accordingly.

XXXVII.	Provided always. That where iny common brew- Forfeiture for er shall wittingly or willingly make a falfe entry, arid be con- making fall* viCted for the fame before the commiflioners to be appointed ai *ntJcje». aforesaid, or any two of them, or before such other peffon or

perfons as are hereafter by this aCt appointed, in that cafe such brewer or brewers shall forfeit and lofe over arid befides the penalties before-mentioned, the laid allowahce fo to be rfiade, fot fix months then next enfuing.

XXXVIII.	And be it enacted and ordainfed by the authority Nb beer, Ac.

fforefaid. That no beer or ale shall be delivered in by fucn to be deliver-brewer or maker thereof, to any vi&ualler or other retailer there-	the

of, until the rate which by fucK victualler 6r retailer is^ to be thcCTtci^be paid over and above the price of the said beer Or ale, for or in paid by the refpeCt of this duty, be first paid and fatisfied by the said viCtu- mailer, aller or retailer, to the brewer or maker thereof

. XXXIX. Provided always. That if any pferfdn or perforis FWifo for shall brew and fell by retail any fmall quantities of beer or ale beer and ale in any fair within this realm or dominions afbrefaid, who is fold in fain, not otherwise any common or ufual brewer or retailer thereof, and shall before any such felling and retailing thereof, well and truly pay and fatisty the duty due for the fame to the commiflioners or fub-coinmiflioners within whofe limits or divifions the said fair shall be held, of to their ofiicers thereunto appointed ; that then such person or persons fo brewing or retailing the fame, and for fo much and no more, nor otherwife, shall be freed and difcharged from all penalties and forfeitures in and by this aCt before mentioned and impofed; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. Provided ncverthelefs, That it shall and may be lawful J** commif-to and for the said commiflioners and fub-Commiluoners rt- compound^for (peCtively, to compound for this duty with any inn-keeper, ^ in victualler, alehoufe-keeper or tttailer of beer, ale fend other the their divifions, liquors aforesaid, within their refpeCiive divifions, from time to time, and in filch manner and form as may be thrift for the advantage and improvement of the receipts thereof; any thing in this aCt before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.	___

XLI. And it is further ordained and enaCted by the autho- T*1? P^r of rity aforesaid. That the lord treafurer, or commiflioners of the (brc^&c^to" trcafury for the time being, or such other person or persons as contra# for his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors shall appoint, shall have farming any power, and are hereby authorized and impowered from time to *bc.rat?# time to treat, contract, conclude and agree with any person or mtlu# persons for or concerning the farming of all or any the rates, duties and charges in this a# mentioned, upon beer, ale, perry, cyder or other the liquors aforesaid, in any the refpcCtive eoun-Voi.. VII.	li	ties.

4*i

Ferfoni to be approved by the jaftices of the peace, See. tvithin fix months, to haVfe the fefu-fill of con trailing for the excite in their refpe&ve counties.

Forfeitures and offences within this a&, how to be determined.

London.

Counties, cities, Scc. with-this kingdom.

Krglefts of the juttices.

Anno duodecimo Caroli JL e.ifc

ties, cities or places of this realm or dotairifohs tlrefeof, is: be for the greateft benefit and advantage of the said tcceip,, as the fame exceed not the term of three pears.

XLII. And be it further enafted, That- every such conr Bargain and agreement of the lord tresrfurer, or coinmHfc of the treafury, or other persons aforesaid, on behalf d Majefly' on the one part, and the person or persons ftrmh* the other part, shall be good and effe&ual in law, to all ins fend purposes.

. XLlIL Provided always, to the end the aforesaid duty: be paid with molt cafe to the people, it is hereby farther adted, That the lord treafurer, commifiionert of the treat* othfer persons aforesaid, shall not withni fix months after commencement of this adt, treat, conclude or agree with:] person or perions touching; the farming of this duty upoay and ale in any tlife refpedhve counties or places of this mb, dominions thereof, other than with such person or period by the juffices of peace of the said counties or places, or tfei jor part of them; at their puhlick quarter-feflions shallbe: diinated and appointed in that behalf, which person or peri-is to have the nrft refufal of any such farm reTpedndjr,: may take the fame; any thing in this adt to the coatrvyther of in any wife notwithstanding.

XLIV. Provided, That the said duty shall hot beteto ac other person or persons, than to the perron or persons rccoa mended by the Suffices, under the rate that it shall be teat to, and refufed by, such person or persons fo recommended!

XLV. And be it further enacted and ordained by the air rity aforesaid, That all forfeitures and offences made, done<j committed against this adt, or any claufe or article thereincr tained, shall be heard, adjudged and determined by such ^ fon or persons, and in such manner and form as hereafter and by this adt is diredted and appointed; that is to &y, f:). fach-forfeitures and offences made and committed within: immediate limits of the chief office in London, shall be her^ adjudged and determined by the said chief commiffionersr governors of excife (appointed by his Majesty) or the m\

[>art of them, or by the commiffioners for appeals, and ns! ating of this duty, or the major part of them, in cafe of appr. and not otherwise : (3) And all such forfeitures andoffo made and committed within all or any other the counties, cfe towns or places within this kingaom or dominions dice: shall be heard and determined by any two or more of the j: dices of the peace refiding near to the place where such forte tures shall be made or offence committed: (4) And in ail negledt, or refufal of such juffices of the peace, by thefpace fourteen days next after complaint made, and notice there given to the offender, then the fub-commiflioners, or them jor part of them, appointed for any such city, county, tow Qr place, (hay arc hereby unpowefed to hear and deter

BUG

i66os.j Ahno duodecimo CabqU II. c.. 24;	48$

mine the fame ; (5) and if the party find himfelf aggrieved by the judgment given by the said fub-CQmmHfionm, he shall ana

S appeal to the justices of the peace at the next quarter->ns, who are hereby impowcred and authorifed to hear and determine the fame, whofe judgment therein shall be final 1

(6)	which said commiffioners for appeals, and regulating of this duty, and the chief commiflioners for excife, and all justices or peace, and fub-commiffioners aforesaid refpedliycly, are hereby authorized and (bri£lly enjoined and required, upon any complaint or information exhibited and brought of any such forfeiture made, or offence committed contrary to this a<5t, to fiimmon the party accufed, and upon his appearance or contempt, to proceed to examination of the matter of fadt, and upon due proof made thereof; either by the voluntary confefi*

(ion of the party, or by the path of one or more credible wit-nefles (which oath they or any two or more of them have hereby power to adminifter) to give judgment or fentence, according as in and by this a& is before ordained and directed, and . to award and iflue out warrants under tbeir hands, for the le- Levying the vying of such forfeitures, penalties and fines* as by this aft is forfeiture*, impofed for any such offence committed, upon the goods and chattels of the offender, and to caufe (ale to be made of the Taid goods and chattels, if they shall not be redeemed within Fourteen days, reridririg to' the party the overplus, if any be, uid fbrwant'of fufficient diftrefs, to imprifon the party offending till fatisfadtion be made.

XLVI. Provided neverthelefe, That it shall and may be lawful I^ewer to mi-:o and for the laid refpe&ive Juftices of the peace, commiffion- F’5ate t*ie *or‘ m-s for excife, or any two of them, or their fub-commiffioners ure** efpedtivcly, from time to time, where they shall fee caufe, to nitigate, compound or leflen such forfeiture^ penalty or fine, is in their diferetion they shall think fit ; and that eveiy such nitigation and payment thereupon accordingly made, shall be 1 fufficient difeharge of the said penalties aiid forfeitures to the terfons fo offending; fo as bv such mitigation the fame be not nade lefs that double the value of the duty of excife* which hould or ought to have been pad, betides the reasonable cofts nd charges of such officer or officers, or others as were im-Joyed therein, to be to them allowed by the said juftices; any hing in this a& to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding !

2) And it is hereby further enadtea and ordained, That all How die does ines forfeitures and penalties mentioned in this a<5t,- all nectf- ■bd forfci-iry charges for the recovery thereof being first deduced, (hail emptoved. e imployed, three fourth parts thereof to and for the ufe f the King’s majeffy, and one fourth part to the difooverer r informer of the fame. (3) And for the better managing, olledling, fecuring, levying and recovering of all and every le said rates and charges of excife hereby impofed and fet pon all or any of the commodifies before-mentioned, to the nd the fame may be paid and difpofed of according to the

. I i a	intent

4 U	Anno	duodecimo	Caroli	IT. c.24.	[1

On* principal intent of this prefect ad, (4) be it further eoaded a. J®?	dained by authority aforefeid, and it is hereby ena&ed, *

ia Louden. one principal head office IhaU be ereded and continued rj city of London, or within ten miles thereof, from time tons long as his Majesty shall think fit, for this duty, onto * all other offices for the feme within England and Walts, at. town and port of Berwick, shall be fubordinate and accouir which faid'office shall be managed by such officers as tht appointed by the King’s majesty,- as aforefeid, who, or atr of them, lire hereby appointed and conftitutcd commit and governors for the management of his Majesty’s rex: excife, and to fit in feme convenient place in the citv of L or within ten miles thereof, from time to time, as long t Majesty shall think fit, for the ends aforefeid.

XLVII. And be it enafred by the authority aforefeid, ~ no perion or persons shall be capable of intennedfing wirt office or imployment relating to the excife, until he or they: before two or more jufticcs of peace in the county, where i their imployments (nail be, or before one of the barons 5 exchequer, take the oaths of allegiance and fupremacy, n oaths they have hereby power to adminifter, together whh oath following, mutatis mutandis.

The oath. (2)	XTOU/balljwear to exteutt the	of

X truly and faithfull, without favour or affefium, <ri.i from time to time true	accou snake and deliver to per fix a •

fins as bis Majesty/boll appoint to receive	,	and	food	.*

fee or reward for the execution of tbs said office, from assy cthr fin than from bis Majesty, or tbofe whom bit Majesty Jballs in that behalf.

XLYIU. And be it further enacted by the authority f faid) That every such juftice of the peace shall certify the -u of (uch oath to the next quarter-fcfiions. there to be rear: London,Weft. (2) And it is further enacted. That all parts of the cite ■*'"®er* ^fC• London and Weftminfttr, with the borough of Southwark, arc | the manage- ^cvcra* fuburbs thereof, and pari(hes within the weekly bi:: ment of the* mortality, shall be under the immediate care, infpeclion. chief office, management of the feid head office, (3) and such and fo d fubordinate commifikmers and fub-commiflioners, and d All commif- officers and minifters for the execution of the premises, flu. fioner», tec.to from time to time nominated and appointed by his Majelly, by hUMsSr heirs and fuccefiors, in all and every other the counties, etti gy. * towns and places within this kingdom of	,	dominion

Wales, and port of Berwick, as from time to time his Majd his heirs and fuccefiors, shall think fit. (4) And it is hot Times In	further enacted. That the feid office of excife in all places wtx

hilfh il'l?**	*l ^ appointed, shall be kept open from right of the da

kept opciu	*n *^c morn*n8 rill twelve of the clock at noon $ and from n

.	of the clock in the afternoon till frve of the clock in the ih

noon, for the due execution and performance of all and eve

4*5.

o.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c.24?

matters and things in this aft appointed and required. (5). t it is further hereby enafted, That the laid chiefcommiffiop-dF excife, or the major part of them, shall from time to time '5 Forth and pay such Aim and fums of money, as shall from 2 to time be received, collefted or levied by virtue of this into bis MajeftVs receipt of exchequer.

€LIX. Provided always, and be it enafted. That if any per.-The general or persons shall at any time be fued or profecuted for any jlTue pleadable ng by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this act, “ or they shall and may plead the general ifliie, and give this in evidence fbr his defence; (2) and if upon the trial a ver-* shall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff plaintiffs be nonfuit, then such defendant or defendants (hail ✓e double cofts to him or them awarded against such plaintiff plaintiffs.

JL. Provided also, and be it enafted, That no writ or writs of Writs ofarti* iiorari shall fuperf$de execution or other proceeding, upon ar swi'nofuper* order or orders made by the justices aforesaid in purfusnep offedcal* is aft, but that execution and othef proceedings (hail and may : had and made thereupon, any such writ or writs, or allow-.ce thereof notwithstanding.

LI. Provided, That this act, or any thing therein contained, Provifo as to all not extend or be cpnftrued to extend in any manner to the aft of ge-eaken or invalidate one aft of this present parliament, intitu- neg!Pardon* d. An aft of fret and geftejral pardon, indemnity and oblivion, but,a CI * tat every dapfe, article, matter and thing therein mentioned id comprifed, shall notwithstanding this aft or any matter or ling therein, remain good and valid, and be of the fame force, irtue and effeft, as if this aft had never been made.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That this Provifo con-ft, or an}r thine therein contained, shall not be prejudicial to cerning Ed** Edward Backweff alderman of London, as to the fum of twenty- ®ackwcU* light thousand four hundred and' fifty pounds (or any part there-)f) by him advanced upon the creait of several orders of this Drefcnt parliament, and by them charged on the receipt of the jrand excife; that is to fay, the fum of five thousand pounds payable to his Majesty's Ajrveyor general for the repair of his Maje-[ty’s houfes, charged by virtue of an order of the fixth of September one thousand fix hunqred fixty, with intereft for the fame; the fum of ten thousand pounds advanced to her Highnefs thePrincefs Royal, being charged with intereft by an order of the thirteenth of September one thousand (lx hundred fixty ; the fum of ten thousand pounds payable to her Majesty the Queen of Bohemia, being charged togetner with intereft, by an order of the thirteenth of September one thousand fix hundred fixty 5 the fum of three thousand four hundred and fifty pounds payable for pro-vifions for Dunkirk, by order of the twenty-fixth o (.November one thousand fix hundred fixty ; which fum of twenty-eight thousand four hundred and fifty pounds, together with the intereft fbr the fame, according to the tenor of the said orders, after the rate of fix per cent. shall be paid to the said Edward BatiweU, or his I i 3	affigns.

AnAd duodecimo CArolx IL c.25. '	[1660,

aftgns, out of the grand excife, and the arrears ttifcreof in courfe, • as is by the said orders appointed3 and in c*fe the ftme shall fii! (hott in paytneht by thfc twenty-fifth of December one thoufamj fi* hundred and fixty, that then the remainder fltaH cominu fecured to him Okit of the whole fexcife in courfe, as aforefe and that no other payments tie thade out of the efccife, but whj is appointed by this ptefent parliament ha cdurfe to preceded fiftie, dnttl the said debt dub t6 the said Edward.BaebueS be i fisfied 3 arid that in cafe any part of the monies due to' aldenw BackwellYk paid out of that part oftheexeife Which (hah growi to the King's knajeffyv that then His Majesty (hail be reimbiri the ferhebut of the fifft monies that (ham cotne in of the ate p{ efccife that will bbdue the said twenty-fifth of iDecember* fe fririedfy\$Car.o,.Jht.uC''j* •

CAP. XXV.

'An a£i far the better ordering the felling of wines by retai and for preventing abufes in the inihgHpg* corrupting c* vitiating of wines, etfta for Jetting and Klniting the pm of the fame. *

FO R the better ordering of felling of wines *by retail in raven and otjier places, arid for preventing of abufes therein, (: be it enaCted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, by and wit ,r *	the content of the lords and commons in parliament affemblec

'and by the authority of the fame. That npperfon or perfoj whatfoever, from and after the five and twentieth day of Man gfnt thopfand fix hundred fixty-one, unlefs he or they be authc rized and enabled in planner and form as in this prefent act i jpreforibed and appointed, ft^ll fell or uttet by retail, that is^ f he pint, .quart, pottle or gallon, or by any other greater 1 lefler retail, meafore, any find of wine or wines to be drunk t . £pent within his or their manfion houfe or houfes, or other p!s Jn his or‘their tenure or occupation, or without such manfia houfe or,houfes, of such other place in his or their tenure or .. cupafion, by any colour, craft or mean whatsoever j (3) upa The penalty * P™1 to forfeit for every such offence, the fum of'five pounds for uttering * the one moiety of every such penalty to be to our fovereign loj wine by retail, the King; the other moiety to him or them that will fue for tl Carthcw»i6. by adkion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any i the King’s courts of record, in which aCtion or fuit no m yrager of law or* protection shall fre allowed.

His Majesty ‘ Jl. And be it further enadked by the authority aforesaid, Th; may ifTueout jt and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his heirs 2n commiflionsto fucceflors, from time to time, tp iflue out under his or thd "&*** fcal of England one or more commiflion or commiffions & ;	• rcCted to two or more persons, thereby authorizing them toll

cencc and give authority to such person or persons as they ffiai thtok lit, to fell and utter by. retail all and every, or any kim of wine or wines Whatfoever, to be drunk ana fpent, as wJ within the houfe or houfes, or other place in the tenure ora: , v* "	*	*	;	*	'	‘	'	cq

i66o.] Anno duodecimo Caj^oli II. c.25.	4?7

cupation of .the party fo licenced, as without, in any city, town or other place within fhe kingdom qf England, dominion of Wales, and town and port of Berwick upon Tweed; (2) and such persons as from time to time, or at any time hereafter shall be by luch aimmliiion or communions, a$ aforesaid, in that behalf appointed, shall have powqr and authority, and hereby bave power and authority, to treat and contrail for licence, authority and difpenfetjons to be given and granted to any person or persons for the felling and uttering of wines by retaw in any city, town or other place* as aforesaid, according to the rules and dire&ions of this preterit a&, and the true intent and meaning thereof, and not otherwife; any law, ftatute, usage or cu-ftom to the contrary in ^ny wife notwithftandipg..

Hi. And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid, His Myefty't That such persons as fhaH 6e comthiffioned arid appointed by	win*

his Majeftv, his hdrs or fucceflbrs, as aforesaid, shall be and be Rccncwf may called his Majesty's agents for granting licences for the Celling grant licences and uttering of wine by retail: and his Majeft/s said agents are not exceeding hereby authorized and enabled under their leal Qf office, the lame to be appointed by his Majesty, tp grant licence for the EyCt n * Tellfbg and uttering of wines by retail to any person or persons, and for any time or term not exceeding twenty-one years, if such person or persons ihall fb long live, and for such yearly rent Rent referred, as they cjm or shall agree and think fit, fo as no fine be taken but no fine to for the fame, but that the rent and fuiris of money agreed upon taJcco* and referved be paid and anfwered half-yearly, by equal portions during the whole terra..

IV.	And he it further enacted *by the authority aforesaid, Licences only That fuch. licence shall not be given or granted but to such who to such asper-

. shall perfonally iqfe the trade of felling or uttering of wines by it- f°n^ly ufe the tail, or tp the landlord aqd owner of the houfe where the per-tra e* fon ufing fudvfrade fhsJll feH and utter wine by retail; nor shall wine licences the fame be affignable, nor in any wife beneficial or extenfive to not affignable. indemnify any jperfonagainft the penalties of this prefent a except the firfl: takpr.

V.	And be.it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. That TheKingmay ’ it shall and may he lawful to and for his Majeny, his heirs and appoint offi-

' fucceflbrs, to.confeitute and appoint such and fo many other of- ^Snk*fitf fleers and minifters, fas a receiver, regifter, clerk, comptroller, meflenger, or the Jjkc, for the better carrying jon of this fervice, Notexceeding ‘ as he and they shall think fit, fa as the falaries and wages of all fix-pence in ‘ such officers to be appointed, together with the falary or wages ^d^alaxiesf ‘ of his Majesty*s said agents, do not exceed fix pence in the pound pf the revenue that shall hence.arife.

VI.	And be it further eqadted by the authority aforesaid. The revenue ’ That the rents, revenues, and fums of money hence arifing, *° JjJ

except what shall be allowed for the wages and falaries of such querfCand Jot * officers and minifters, which is not to exceed fix pence out of to be charged every pound thereof, shall be duly and conftantly paid and an- with any gift fwered into his Majcfty’s receipt of exchequer, and shall not be or Pcnfio»-oarticularly charged or chargeable, either before it be paid into

'488	Anno duodecimo Caroli 1L C-25.’	[1660.

the exchequer or after, with any gift or penfkm: (2) and \k The agents to Majesty’s (aid agents are hereby enjoined and required to remr, -he *mo t^e court of exchequer, every Midmeimas and Eafter terms, j Mkhadma*1 uPon ^ir oaths (which Oaths the barons of the exchequer,? and Eafter	any ope of them, are hereby authorised to aainunifter) a bo:

term wbat li- fairly written, containing a full and true account of what licence

P1****!*?. have been granted the preceding half-year, and what rents an; ire gnxutfL ^ monCy are thereupon referred, and have been paid, a are in arreay, together with the Securities of the persons fo in r. rear, to the end due apd fpeedy procefs may be 'made out k cording to the courfe of the exchequer, for the rpcovpry of tia fame.

Frovilbfbr the VII. Provided always. That this ad, nor any thing there two oniveifi- contained, shall pot in any wife be prejudicial to the privileged *-S^Ltheir	uniyerfities	of this land, or either of them, nor to the

ynvueget. chanceljqrs pr fpholars of the lape, or their facceflbrs; but tfe they may ufe and enjoy such privileges as heretofore the? hr* lawfully ufed and enjoyed, any thing herein to the contra norwitjiftandine.

PronSo for the VIII. Provided alfo. That this ftd, por any thing therein «&-loaety ofthe tamed, /hall pot extend to be prejudicial to tne fnaitcri gardens, aUrtdon.0^ freemen and pommonalty of the myfteryof vintners of tie city pf London,* or to any other city or town corporate; butthaithej may ufe and enjoy such liberties and privileges as heretofor? they have lawfully jufed and enjoyed, any thing herein conumec to the Contrary" notwithstanding.

Prorifoforthe IX. Provided also, and be it engded by the authority afore-St.^lban*. ^id, That this ad, or any thing therein contained, shall not ■ any wife extend to debar or hinder the mayor and buigefJes the borough of St. Alims in the county of Hertford* or the I fucceflors, from enjoying, ufing and pxerpfing of all such liberties, powers and authorities to them heretofore granted ta several letters patents under the great feal of England by Quca Elizabeth and King James of famous memories, for the erect*| ing, appointing, and lipenfing of three several 'wipe-tavern within the borough afopefaid, for and towards fhe jnWfltemna of the free fchool therebut that the feme liberties, powers, and authorities Shall be arid are hereby established arid continued, and Shall remain and continue in and to t^ie Said mayor ani burgelTes, and their fucceSTors, to and for the charitable ufe 2-forefaid, and according to the tenor of the letters patents afore* faid, as though this ad had never been made; any thing here in contained to the contrary in any wile notwithstanding.

X.	Prpvided also, That it Thai} not nor may be Jawfiil to cr for any officer or officers tp be appointed by his Majesty forth carrying on of this ferviqe, to take, demand or receive any fees, rewards or Sums of money whatfoever, for or in refpetf of tlris fervice, other than five Shillings ’for a licence, four pence for an acquittance, and iix pence for a bond, tinder the penalty ot ten pounds; one mpiety thereof to the King’s maieftv; fftc iitlier moiety to the person or persons whd Shall’roe'Tor the •	6	1	fame

fte% of tbs - officers*

6€>cr]. Anno duodecimo Carolt II. c.ej^	4^9-

ame by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein 10 wjiger of law, effoin or protection (hail be allowed; any nixing: herein, or any other matter or thing, to the contrary not-withftanding.

XI.	Apd it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- There fliaB be laid. That no merchant, vintner, wine-cooper or other person no mixture of felling or retailing any wine, shall mingle or utter any Spanijb other wines or 'wine mingled with any French wine, or Rhenijh wine, cyder, things, perry, honey, fugar, fyrups of fugar, molafles, or any other fyrups whatfoever, nor put in any ifinglafs, brimftone, lime,4 raifins, juice of railing, water, nor any other liquor nor ingredients, nor any clary or other herb, nor any fort of flefli whatr fbeverj (a) and that no merchant, vintner, wine-cooper or other person felling or retailing any wine, shall mingle or utter any French wine^ mingled with any Rhenijh wines or Spanijb vrines, cyder, perry, (rammed wine, vitriol, honey, fugar, fy-rup 'of lugar, molafles, or any fyrups whatfoever, nor put in any ifinglafs, brimffone, lime, raifins, juice of raifins, water, in or any other liquor or ingredients, nor any clary or other herb; nor any fort of fleflv whatfoever; (3) and that no merchant.

Vintner, wine-cooper or other person felling or retailing any wine, ihalj mingle or utter any Rhenijh wine mingled with any French wines or Spanijb wines, cyder, perry, Hummed wine, vitriol, honey, fugar, fyrups of fugar, molaffes, or any other fyrups whatfoever, nor put in any ifinglafs, brimftope, lime, raifins, juice of raifins, water, nor any other liquor or ingredients, nor any daiy or other herb, nor any fort of flefh whatfoever : (4) and that aH and every person and persons commit- The penalties ting any of the offences afbrelhid, shall incur the pains and pe- of mingling or nalties nereip after mentioned ; That is to fay, every merchant, a*?ufing **7 wine-cooper, or other person felling any fort of wines in grofs, wlnct* mingled Or abufed as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lofe for every such offence one hundred pounds; (5) and that every vintner or other persons felling any forts of wine by retail, mingled or abufed, as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lofe for every fueb offence the fum of forty pounds: (j6) of which forfeitures one moiety (hah go upto the King’s pajefty, his heirs and fucceflors ; the other moiety to the informer,' to be recovered in any court of record by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no efloin, protection or wager of law shall be allowed,

XII,	Provided always, and be it enaCtcd, That from and after The prices of fhe first day of September one thousand fix hundred fixty and one, wines, no Canary wines, Mujkaieti or Jllegant, or other Spanijb or fwefct pines, shall be fold or uttered bv any person or persons within his Majesty’s kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweedy by retail for above eighteen pence the

Suart: (2) and that no Gqfcoigne or French wines whatfoever iail be'fold by retail above eight pence the quart; (3) and that jio Rhenijh wines whatfoever mall be fold by retail above twelve pence the quart (4) and according to thete rates. For a greater fujd jefler quantity, ail and every the said wines shall and may

496	Anno	duodecimo	Caroli	JJ.	c.2<>—a8, [i66bi

,	be fold) (5) upon pain and penalty that every such per£bn or per.

fons, who shall utter or fell any or the laid wines by retail, thati; to fay, by the pint, quart, pottle Dr gallon, or by any other greater or lefler retail tneafure, at any rate exceeding The rata hereby limittsd, do-and shall forfeit-for every such pint, quart, pottle, gallon, or other greater or lefler quantity fold by re-The penalties. tail, the fern of five pounds » the one moiety pf which forfeiture shall be to our tovereigo lord tbe King, his heirs and fuc-ceflbrs, and the other moiety to him or them that will fue for die fame, to be recovered in manner and form as aforesaid.

•The lord ' XIII. Provided neverthelefs. That it lhaO and may be lawfij ycbancettor.&c. to and for the lord chancellor of	lord	treafurer,	ford pre-

W yfc*,tbe fifient of the King’s council, lord privy-feal, .and the two chkf yearly,	or fire, four or three .of them : and they a hereby

or alter the authorized yearly, ^nd every year, between the twentieth day c: lame. / '	fibvemier and the lafi day of	aod no other times, to

let the prices of all and every the laid wines to be Ibid by retail, as aforesaid, at higher or lower rates than are herein contained; fo that they or any of them caufe the prices by them let to be written, and open proclamation thereof to be made in Che King’s £ourt of chancery yeariy in term-time, or xlle in the .city, bo-tough or town-corporate where any fiich wine shall.be ibid; (2) and that all and every the laid wines shall and may be fold by retail at such prioes as by them, or any five, four or -three of them, shall he fet as aforesaid, from time to time, -for -tbe (pace Of one whole year, to commence from tbe firflday of Jaext after the fctting thereof, and no Joqger, and no greater prices, under the pains and penalties aforesaid, to he .recovered as aforesaid: and afterwards, {3) and in default of fuch*. fetting •f prices by the (aid lord chancellor of	, lord treafurer,

■	lord prefident of the King’s council, lord privy-feal, and the two

chief juflices, or five, four or three of them, as aforesaid, at the jrefpcftive rates and prices fet hy this act, and under the penal-< -ties as aforesaid, to be recovered as aforesaid. Confirmed 3 .Car. z. fiat, j

CAXXVI.

. Jto aft for the levying of the ajreari of the twelve months afleffment, cwnmenciwg the twenty-fourth of June one thousand fix hundred fifty, nine, and the fix month* afieffment, commencing tbe twenty-fifth of December one thousand fix hundred fifty.niite. EXP.13.Car. 3. fbt. 1.

cap. xxvn.

An act for granting onto the King's majcihr four hundred and twenty thonfand pounds, by an afleffment of threefcore and ten thousand pounds hy the month, for fix months, for disbanding the remainder of the ar< niy, and paying off the nary. EXP. 13 Car. a. flat. 1. c. 7.

CAP: XXVIII, .

aft For further fupplyipg and. explaining certain defefts in an .aft, intituled,An &8 for tbe fotfdy trovifion of money for disbanding,and pay mg of tbe forces of ibis kingdom both by land and Je^ EXP. 13 Car. 1. ftat. 1. c. 7.

'•	CAR

£-660.3 Anno duodecimo CarOli II. fc.29, $0.	49	$

CAP. XXIX.

.An a& For the fpeedy raifing of fevejrty thouland pounds For tbeprefent fupply of hil Majesty. tXP. i% Car. %. (tat. i. cap. 7.

CAR XXX-Ah	aft for the amUider offever*! pflfons	of the hor-

rid murder of his late /acred Majesty King Charies the

Firjl.

IN all humble manner Jhewunto your mojl excellent	, your xhe horrid

Majefty'i mojl dutiful and loyal fubjettsthe lords and commons in murder of parliament qfftmbled,That the horrid and execrable murder of your K-inS.2larJe* Mtjfy't	our	late	mojl	graci Quriesjfe j^Swed

-Fuji, of ever bkjfed and glorious memory, bath been committed by a plotted. ' rty of wretched men, defperately wicked, and bardned in their impiety, who having firjl plotted and contrived the ruin and definition <of this excellent monarchy, and with it, of the true reformed prott-Jiant religion, which had been fo long protested by it and fiourijhed under it, found it necejfary in order to the carrying on of weir pernicious and traitorous dffigns, to throw down all the bulwarks and fences cf law, and to fubvertthe very being and-corjjtitution of parliament, that fo they might at lajl male their way open 'qr any further attempts upon the fatred per(on of his Mfiifiy himfelfy ( a.) andthat for themore . eafy effecting thereof, they did firjl /educe fome part of 4br then arm into a compliance, and then kept the rejl in Jubjfettion to them, partly for hopes of preferment, and chiefly for fear ff lofing their employ-‘ ments and arrears, until by thefe, and other more odious arts and^de-.vicesp they had fully flrengthened themfelves both in power and faction-, which being done, they did declare again/: all monnft<tf treaties with the person of the King, even then while a treaty by advice of both houses of parliament was in being, remqfirote againfl the houfis of parliament for fueh proceedings» Jeiase upon his royal-per/on while the commjfionerswere returned to the houfe of parliament with his anfioer5 and when his coneejfions had been voted a (ground for\peact jeizo upon the houfe of commons, feclude and dmprifon fame members, force otif others, and there being left but a fmall remnant of their own creatures (not a tenth part of the whole) did feel to Jbelter themfelves by this weak pretence, under tpe name and authority of a parliament; (3) and in that name laboured to profecute what was yet behind and mfi-nijhed of their long intended treajbn and confpiracy. 3b this purfiojf they prepared an ordinance for ere fling a prodigious and unheard-of tribunal, which they called An high court of juftice, for trial of his Majcfiy; and having eafily procured it to pafs \in their houfe of commons, as it then flood moulded, ventiered to fend it up from thence to the peers then fitting, who totally rejected it; whereupon their rage find fury inercafing, they prefume to pafs it alone, as an aft of the commons, and in the name of the commons of England ; (4) and having gained the pretence of law made by a power of their own making, purfue it with all pojfible force and cruelty, until at lafl, upon the thirtieth day of January one thoufand fix hundred forty and eight, his faer ed Majcfiy was brought unto a faff old, ana there publicity

49*	Anno duodecimo Caeoli II. c-joT [l&o,

murdered before the gates of bis own royal palace : (jj) and becmft -this horrid allion 9tbe protejlant religion bath received the grtst(. wound and reproach, and the people ^England the mof unfipport<& Jhame and infamy, that it was pofftble for the enemies of God and a* Xing to bring upon us, whtlft use fanatick rage of a few mifcrax (who were as far from being true protojhnts, as they were from k mg true fubjefts) Jlands imputed by our adverfaries to the whole & tion: (6) we therefore your Majesty’s said dutiful and loyal fab. jells, the lords and commons in parliament afleipbled, do hereby renounce, abominate and proteft again# that impious fad, the execrable murder and mod unparalleled treason committed againfl the facred person and life of our said late fovereign yo^ M^jefty’a mod royal father, and all proceedings tending thereunto, and do befeech your moil excellent Majcfty that it 01*7 be declared; (7) and be it hereby declared, that by the undoubted and fundamental laws ot this kingdom, neither the peers of this realm, nor the commons, nor both together i? parliament or out of parliament, nor the people colieSivefy k reprefentatively, nor any other persons whatfoever, ever had, have, hath or ought to have, any coercive power over the persons of the Kings of this realm: (8) and for the better vindica-! tion of our felves to poderity, ?nd as a lading monument of out otherwise inexpreffible detedation and abhorrency of this villa-nous and abominable fall, we do further befeech your moft excellent Majedy, that it may be enaHed; (o) and be it hereby fL yearly an- called by the King’s mod excellent Majedy, by and with the nmrfary of advice smd confeht of the lord? and commons, in this prefer humiliation parliament aflerabled, That every thirtieth day of January, un-on the 30th of }cfs ft hills out to be upon the Lord’s day, and then the day r next following, shall be for ever hereafter fet apart to be kept and obferved m all the churches and chapels of thefe your M2* jefty’s kingdoms of England and Ireland, dominion of Water and town of Berwick upon Tweedy and the ides of Jerfey and Gum-fey, and all other your Majed/s dominions, as an anniverfer day of fading ana humiliation, to implore the mercy of God, that neither the guilt of that facred and innocent blood, norths other fins by which God was provoked to deliver up both us and our King into the hands of cruel and unreafonable men, may at any time hereafter be vifited upon us or our poderity. The attainder (io)And whereas Oliver Cromwell deceased, Henry Iret on deceafed, ofthe perfon* JQhn Bradjbaw deceafed, and Thomas Pride deceafed, John Lik afumintlnn tVilL Say, fir Hardrefs Waller, Valentine Wauton, Thomas Harrifw, the murder of Edward WhaUey, William Heveningham, Ifaac Penington,Henrj hi* late Ma- ’ Martin, John Barkjlead, Gilbert Millington, Edmond Ludlow, fir | jefty.	Michael Livefey, Robert Tichbourn, Owen Row, Robert LHbcurn}

Adrian Scroop, John Okey, John Hewfm, William Goffe, Ccrrtek Holland, Thomas Ohalloner, John Carew, John Jones, Miles Car-bet, Henry Smith, Gregory Clement, Thomas Wogan, Edmond Harvey, Thomas Stot, William Cawley, John Downs, Nicholas Lm, Vincent Potter, Augujline Garland% John Dixwel, George FIcetuM fimon Meyn, James Temple, Peter Temple, Daniel Blagmc, Jh

Hfi

i66b>J Anno duodecimo fcitROLl ft. c.3cr.	A9i

mas	Wayte, John	Cook, Andrew	BroughtonEdward

Ham Hewlett Hugh	Peters, Francis Hacker, Daniel Axtel, are no-

torioufly known to have been wicked and adtive infiruments in. the profedution and compaffing that traiterous murder of his late Majesty 5 for which the said fir Hardrefs	Thomas	Har\fon,	The bamesof

William Heveninghamy Ifaac PenningtonHenry Martin, Gilberttheperfoa* Millington,Robert	Titchborn, Owen Row, Robert Lilbunty Adrian

ScroopyJohn Carew, John Jones,Henry Smithy Gregory Clement, |d.

Edmond Harvyy Thomas Scot,John DownSy Vincent Pottery gujline Garlandy George Fleetwoody Simon	James	Temple,

Peter Temple, Thomas	Wayte, John	CookWilliam Hewlet, Hugh

Peters, Francis Hacker and Daniel Axtel, have already received their trial at law, and by verdidt or their own confelfion have been convicted, and by judgment of law thereupon had, do now.

; ftand duly and legally attainted; of whom ten persons, that i9 1 to fay, nomas Harrtfon, Adrian ScroopJohn Carew, John Jones, The ten per-. Thomas Scot, Gregory Clement, John Cook, Hugh Peters, Francis ion* executed. Hacker and Daniel Axtel, have mod defervedly differed the pains of death and been executed according to law, and the said . Lijle, William	Say,Valentine Wanton,Edward	John Bark- The perfons

t Jlead, Edmond Ludlow, fir Michael Lively> John John Hew- fled, i	Jon,William	Goffe, Cornelius Holland, nomas Challoner, Mies Ctr-

bet, William Cawley, Nicholas Love, John Dixwell, Daniel Bla-; grave, Andrew Broughton and Edward Dendy, are fled from juftice, not daring to abide a legal trial: may it therefore pleale your Majesty, that it may be enaded; (n) and be it enacted by the authority of this present parliament. That the said Oliver Crom- The persons well deceafed, Henry Ireton deceafed, John Brad/baw deceafed, and Thomas Pride deceafed, shall by virtue of this adl, be ad- brought to judged to be convidted and attainted of high treason to all in- trial attainted, tents and purposes, as if they and every of them refpe&ively, had been attainted in their lives : (12) and also, that John Lijle, fVUliam Say, Valentine Wauton, Edward	John	The peHons '

Edmond Ludlow, fir Mcbael Livefy ,John Okey, John Hewjon, fled attainted. William	Goffe, Cornelius Holland, nomas Challoner, William Caw-

ley, Miles Corbet, Nicholas Love, John Dixwell, Daniel Blagrave,

Andrew Broughton, Edward Dendy and every of them, ftand and be adjudged, and by authority of this prefent adt convidted and attainted of high treason : (13) and that all and every the ma- Their lands, . nors, meffuages, lands, tenements, rents, reverfions, remain- tenementa.&c. ders, poflefiions, rights, conditions, interefts, offices, fees, an-	•

nuities and all other the hereditaments, leafes for years, chattels	**

real and other things of that nature, whatfoever they be, of them * the laid Oliver Cromwel, Henry Ireton,John Thomas Pride, John Lijle, William Say, Valentine Wauton, Edward ley,John Barkfled, Edmond Ludlow, fir Okey, John Hewfon, William Goffe, Cornelius Holland, Thomas,

Challoner, William Cawley, Miles Corbet, Nicholas Love, John Dixwell, Daniel Blagrave,Andrew Broughton, Edward Dendy,

Thomas	Harrijon,Adrian Scroop,	John Carew, John Jones, Thomas

Scot, Gregory Clement, Hugh Peters, Francis Hacker, John Cook,

Daniel

494	Anno	duodecimo	CARolI	II. t.gol (16604

Darnel AnteLfir Hkrdrefs Wader,William Hevtningbam, Ifaai Pemingtou, Henry	Marten, Gilbert AdiibngtOB,

Owen Row, Robert Lilbtm, Hoary Smith, Edmond Horry, Job*

Downs, Vincent Potter, Augufl Fleetwood, Si-tb«y non Meyn, James Temple, Peter Tempi*,	Wajte,	which

anyoftbaB°r they or ***7	*«*n>	or	any	other perfoo of persons to their or

ajMudutyS. »7 °f their uies, or in truft for them or my of them* hod the .' five and twentieth day of March in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred forty and fix, or at any time Since, Shall ft and and be forfeited unto your Majesty,' your heirs and fuccef-fors; (14) and Audi be deemed, vefted and adjudged to be in the actual and real pofiefiion of your Majesty, without any office or inquifition thereof hereafter to be taken or found: (15) and also, that all and every the goods, debts and other the chattels perfonal whatsoever, of them the find Oliver Cremtocl, Henry Jre-ten, John Bradfhaw,Thomas Pride, whereof at the time of their reSpeltive deaths, they or any of thetri, or any other in truft for them ok any of them, flood pofiefied in law or equity i (t6) and All their all the goods, debts and other the chattels perfonal whatfoever,

. of them the said John Lip, William Say, Valentine Wanton, forfeited an(j0 ward WbaUey, John Barkftead, Edmond	fir Michatl	Livejy,

veiled in his John Obey,	JohnHewfon,William Cornelius Holland, Tiomai

Majefty, Cballontr, William Cawley, Aides Cornet, Nicholas	, John

we I, Andrew Broughton, Edward	Thomas	Adrian

Scroop,John Carew, John Jones ,Thomas Scot,	Clement,

Hugh	Peters,Francis Hacker, John Cook, Daniel	fir Hardrefs

Waller, William Heveningbaen, Ifaac	Henry	Martin,

Gilbert AfilSngten, Robert Titchboum, Owen Row, Robert Lilburn, Henry Smith, Edmond Harvey, John Downs, Vincent Potter, Au-wtaMof they guftine Garland,	Georg0Fleetwood, Simon Afeyue, James Temple, Pr-

omt pofleft, ^ Temple,Thomas Wajte, whereof upon the eleventh day of Fe-themj ° bruary one thousand fix hundred fifty-nine, they or any of them* si Feb. 1659. «r any other in truft for them or any of them, flood pofiefied cither in law or equity; (17.) Shall be deemed and adjudged to' be forfeited unto, and are hereby vefted and put into • the actual and real pofiefiion of your Majesty, without any further office or inquisition thereof hereafter to be taken or found.

Proviso for II. Provided always, and be it  enacted by the authority aforeconveyances faid. That no conveyance, afliirance, grant, bargain, fate, charge, nffr^Yr^tl>C	of leale, grants and Surrenders by copy of

•Benders. court-roll, eftate, intereft, truft or- limitation of any nfe of ufes, of or out of any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, not being the lands nor hereditaments of the late King, Queen or Prince, or of any archbifhops, bithops, deans, deans and chapters, nor being lands or hereditaments fold or given for the delinquency or pretended delinquency of any person or persons whatfoever, by virtue or pretext of any a<51, order, ordinance, or reputed a(51, order or ordinance, Since the fitft day of January one thousand fix hundred forty and one ; (a) nor any Statutes, ftatute, judgment or recognizance, had, made, acknowledged or judgments, foffejjd, to any person or persons, bodies politick or Corporate,

before

1656.3 Anno xiudtfetimo CaaCli U.' c.gctf	49^

before the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand fix htun See. before the dred fifty-wine, by any of the offenders before in this aft mention- *9th of fed, or their heirs, or by any other perfbn or persons claiming by, 1 from or under them or any of them, other than the wife or wives, child or children, heir or heirs of filch perfbn'or persons or any of them, for money bond fidt to them or any of them paid or lent ; (3) nor any conveyance, afiurance, grant or. eftate For money made before the twenty-fifth of April one thousand fix hundred and fijrtjr, by any ptrfon or persons to any of the offenders a* co'nveyzncn fbrefaid, in truft, and for the benefit of any other person or per- trnft ions not being any of the offenders aforesaid, or in truft for any before the bodies politick or corporate, shall be impeached, defeated, made *5<-h of April Void or ffuftrated hereby, or by any of the comriftioos and at- faidof-* • tainders aforesaid ; (4) but that the fame shall be held.and en- fender*, joyed by the.purchafers, grantees, lefiees, affigns, tefitty u/es ctftwf q*t trnfty and every of them, their heirs, executors, administrators and affigns refpeftively, as if this aft had not been tnade, and as if the laid offenders had not been by this act, or by any other courfe or proceedings of law, convifted or attainted.!.' (o as the said conveyances, and all and every the grants Such convey-and affurances which by virtue of this aft are and ought to be ances tobe held and enjoyed as aforesaid, shall before the first of yanaarj thTcoiutof which shall be m the year of our Lorcf one thousand fix.hundred exchequer be-fixty and two, be entred and enrolled of record in his Majofty’fc fore the firftdf (court of excha}uer and not otherwife; any thing in this aft J*"-herein before contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore- Pr0Vy0 ^ tj,e faid, Xhat all and Angular the manors, lands, tenements and marquefs of hereditaments, which at any time heretofore were the lands and Worceftej-,&c. pofle (lions of Henry late marquefe of	W and Edward now

marquefs of Worcejter^ and Henry lord	,	(bn	and heir apt-

parent of the (aid Edward marquefs of	,	or any of them;

whereof or wherein the said Oliver Cromwel, or any other person or persons in truft for him or to his ufe, or any other the perfons	*

•attainted by this aft or otherwife, or any person or persons in truft for them or any of them, had or claimed, or pretended to have any eftate, right, title, pofieflion or intereft, at any time before or fince the deceafe of the said Oliver	(hall	be

and hereby are veiled and fettled in, and shall be held and enjoyed by the said marquefs of Woretfier and the said Henry lord Herberty in such manner and form, and for foch eftate- and eftates, with such powers and privileges, as they formerly had in the fame refpeftively; any thing in this prefent aft contained, or any aft, conveyance or afiurance heretofore made or acknowledged by the faid	marquefs	of	Wortiflery	and	Hen-

ry lord Herbert or either of them, unto the said Oliver Crmwel or ■ any Other person or persons in truft for or to the ufe of the said Oliver Cromwely or any aft or conveyance made or done by the said Oliver Cromwely or by any in truft for him, to any person whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding; (2) faving always. Saving.

to •

/ 1 «

49$	Aftflo' duodecimo Caroli II. c. jd'	[t66b.

to all and every person and perfims, bodies politick* and others, their refpe&ive heirs, fucceflbrs, executors and adminiftrators, all such right, title and intereft in law and equity, which they? any of them have or ought to have, of, into jor out of any tie premifles, not being in truft for any the (aid offenders* nor derived by, from or under the fifid offenders, fince the twenty-fifth day of March which was in the year of our Lord One thousand fix hundred forty-fix; ( ?) and that they the (aid person and psr-fons, bodies politick and other, their refpe&iycheirs, fuccdlors, executors and adminiftrators and eyery of them, in all and every such cafe where his and their entry was lawful upon such offender or offenders, or the heirs pr affigns of, such ^offender or offenders, in or upon the (aid twenty-fifth dby of Marth one thousand fix hundred forty and fix, or at any time fince, maj without petition, monftrans de droit+oufler le main** or cither fui: to his Majesty, enter on the premises in his Majesty’s pofleffion or in the pofieffion of his fucceflbrs and patentees^ their heirs or afligns, in such manner, to sdl intents, sts he or they might have done on the pofieffion of the said offenders, their heirs at afligns, in or upon the laid twenty-fifth day of March or at any time fince; any thing in this ad to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding,

Provifo for	IV. Provided alfo. That all and every perfoii and peribnswhich

have received any of the rents or mean profits, of, in or out of pSdtheh- any the lands, tenements and hereditaments, chattels real or rents to the pofleffions, of any the offender or offenders in this ad mention-offenders. ed, before the eleventh day of February one thousand fix hundred fifty and nine, and have paid or accounted for the fame before the said eleventh day of February one thousand fix hundred fifty and nine, unto the said offender or offenders or their af-figns, or to any claiming from or under them, ihali be clearly and for ever acquitted ana difeharged of and from the fame, a-gainft the King’s majeffy, his heirs and fucceflbrs; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provifo for V. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and Nkhard k" f°r Richard Ingtldjby, to retain and keep, or otherwise to fell and goidsby. difpofe, all and Angular the goods and chattels fooneily belonging to Sir Hardrefs IValler in the kingdom of Ireland, until two thousand pounds, for which the said Richard Ingoldjby in the year one thousand fix hundred fifty-eight flood jointly bound with the said fir Hardrefs Waller, unto James Brooks of the city of York* alderman, and was then counter-fecured by a judgment upon his lands, .and fince by a deed of bargain and (ale of the said goods and chattels in Ireland, be fully paid, together with the intereft theroof, he the said Richard Ingoldjby accounting for, and paying the full overplus thereof, if any (hail be, unto our fovereign lord the King; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding. Confirmed by 13 Car* 2* fleet. 1. c.7.

1

CAP,

i66o.] Anno duodecimo CarolI IL 0.31,32.	497

/	*.	I

CAP. XXXI.

Leafe* and grant* from college* and bofpitals confirmed. EXP. .

. CAP. XXXII*

An a£t for 'prohibiting the exportation of wool, wool fills; fullers-earth, *r any kin# of fcouring~earth.

FO R the better preventing and avoiding of fueh Ioffes and motive-niencies as have happened, W daily do and may happen, /<? .rftf kingdom of England and dominion of Wales, and to the kingdom of Ireland, by and through the fecret and fubtil exportation and Iran/-* portation9 and by and through the fecret and fubtil carrying and ton* veying away9 of wool9 wool fells, fmrtlings9, Jborlings, yarn made of . . wool, woolfocks9 fuller s-eartb and fulling-c]ay9 out of and from the	1

kingdoms and dominion aforesaid9 and for the better Jetting on.work the poor people and inhabitants of the kingdoms and dominion afore-* faid; (2) and to the intent that the full and bejl ufe and benefit of the principal native commodities of the fame kingdoms and dominion may come9 redound and be unto and amongfi the fubjefls and inhabitants of the famty and not unto or amongfi the fubjefts and inhabitants of the realm 0^ Scotland, or of any foreign realms or fiates* as the fame now of late in fome great meafure hath done, and is further likely to do, if feme feverer punijbment than heretofore be not fpeedily inflifted upon such offenders as Jballbe aft or $ or ajfifiants in and to such exportation and tranfportdtion9 and in and to such carrying and conveying away v thereof as aforesaid y (3) be it enacted by the King’s mod excel- jjo person lent majesty, the lords and commons in this prelent parliament after the f+th aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That no person or of January persons whatsoever from and after the fourteenth day of January ,6*°*******'ex-one thousand fix hundred and threcfcore, shall diredly or indired- 5^^ ly export, tranfport, carry or convey, or caufe or procure to be ex- fells, mort-ported, tranfported, carried or conveyed, out of or from the king- ljng*i foor-doni of England^ or dominion of Wales9 or town of Berwick up-on Tweed, or out of or from the ides offer fey or Guemjey9 with f£ucri-eartb, Sarke andAlderney, being under the government of Guernfey afore- fulling clay/ faid, or out of or from any of them, or out of or from the king-, dom of Ireland aforesaid, into any parts or places out of the. kingdoms, ides or dominion aforesaid, any (heep or wool what-foever, of the breed or growth of the kingdoms of England or Ireland, or ides or dominion aforesaid; (4) or any wool-fells, tnortlings or (horlings, or any yarn made of wool, or any wool-flocks, or any fullers-earth, or any fulHng-clay whatsoever j (5) Nor carry, or nor shall dire&ly or indircdtly pack or load, or caufe to be packed load on board or loaded, upon any-horfe, cart or other carriage, or load or l?y on any (heep, board, or caufe to oe loaden or laid on board, m any (hip or other wool,&c* veflel, in any place or port within the kingdoms of England or Ireland, or town of Berwick, or ides or dominion aforesaid, any ibch (heep, wool, wool-fells, tnortlings, (horlings, yam made of. wool or wool-flocks, or any fullers-earth or fulling-clay, to the Vox** VII.	Kk	intent

49$	Anno	duodecimo	Cahqu	II.	cfz.	[16^

intent or purpose to export, tranfport, carry or convey fixe fas or to caufe the lame to be exported, trajffported, carried or « veyed, out of the kingdoms of England or Ireland* town of h wick) ifles or dominion aforesaid, or with intent or purpose, ! any other person or persons ihould fo export, tranfport, earn’ convey the fame into any parts or places our of thelungdj of England and Ireland, town of Berwick, ifles domiri aforesaid, into the kingdom of Scotland or ’any foreign parts. No wool,	II.	And	be	it	further enacted by the authority aforef^

wool-fells, &c. That no wool, wool-fells, mortlings, (horlings, yam mad? after the 14th *ooi, wool-flocks, or any fullers-earth or futting-ctey, fhaj to ^carried ^T>m ani* a^cr ^ fourteenth day of January in the year of 1 out of Wales, ,L<*rd one thousand fix hundred and fray, exported, tranfponj Ireland, &c. carried or conveyed out of the kingdom of England and i Except* minion of Wales, or town of Berwick, or kingdom of Irelcrd, 6ut of any port or place of the said kingdoms refpe<5ftvely, the ifles (AJerfey of Guemfey, or to Satke or Alderney* exes; as in this adt shall be hereafter Kmited or appointed*

The penalties. ID- And be it further  enacted by the authority aforefcl That all and every the offender and offenders, offence and d fences aforesaid, shall be fubjelt and liable to thc’rcfpeSu

Erins* penalties and forfeitures hereafter following, that is n y, The said fheep, wools, woof-fells, mortlings, Smilmm yam made of wool, wool-flocks, foHers-earth and fiffing-cTa lb exported, tTanfported, carried, conveyed, packed or loadci Contrary to the true intent of this adjfc, shall be forfeited; (2 arid that every offender and offenders therein shall fcnii twenty shillings for every fach fheep, and three shillings fci ' ' every pound-weight of such wool, wool-fells, mortfings, (he: Hrfgs', yam made of wool, woof-flocks, fuljers-earth or ftilHrc .	dhy	5(3)	and	alfo	the owners of the said (hips or vefleb, knc*<

ingfqch offence, shall forfeit all their ihterefj in‘the fold (hb or veffeh, with all their apparel and furniture to them and ever of them belonging; (4) and that the matter and mariners there , of, knowing fach offence, and wittingly and wittingly aid-:: and affifting thereunto, shall forfeit all fhrir good$ ana* chattel^ and have imprifonment for the fpace of tfifee months * withod bail or mainprize; '(5) the one moiety of which laid penafcc> and forfeitures (hail be to the King’s majesty, his heirs and fuc-ceffors, and the other moiety tb him that' will fue for the fame by adhon of debt,'bill* plaint or information in any of his Mi-jetty’s courts of record, or before the justices of affiz^ or in the - .	generaltiuarter-fedlons of the peace; in which fait, bq effoin,

protection or wager of law (half be: allowed. #

The penalty IV. And be it farther enadtetf; That if any merchant, or upon any ^ -other person or persons, shall after the fold fourteenth day cf merchant that January tranfport or caufe to be trapfported: any fheep, wool, iU‘H * r wdohfells, mortlirigs, (Hbriiri^s, wodldn-yarn, wool-flocks, fullers-earth 6r fulling-clay, contrary to the trueintent of this aidt, arid* be thfcreof lawfully convidted, that then he shall be disabled to require any debt or account of any fadtor others,

for

frail tranfport wools, Ac,

1666.] Anno duodecimo Ca&oli II. 0.32*	499

for or concerning any debt or eftate properly belonging to such offender: (2) provided always, and it is neverthelefs declared, Provilb.

That this act, or *ny thing therein contained, shall not be conftrued to take away any greater pains or penalties inflifted, or to be inflicted, for any the offences aforesaid, by virtue of afiy former aft of parliament now in force.

V.	And be it also further enacted by the authority aforelaid, Offenc& a-That every offence that shall be done or committed contrary ^wto bc^ to this act, shall and may be inquired of and heard, examined, tr\^

tried and determined in the county where such (heep, wool, wool-fells, mortlings, (horlings, yam made of wool, wool-flocks, fullers-earth or fulling-clay refpeftively shall be fo packed, louden or laid aboard as aforesaid, contrary to this act, or elfe in the county where such offenders shall happen to be apprehended or arrcfted for such offence, in such manner and form, and to such effeft to all intents and purposes, if thd feme offence had been wholly and altogether done and committed at and in such county.

VI.	Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Profecution aforesaid, That no person or persons whatfoever, shall at anyt0 be * time hereafter be impeached for any offence aforesaid, unleis offcnc^com-* such perfoh or persons shall be profecuted within the fpace of mined.

on£ year next enfuing such offence committed.	By 9 & 10

VII.	And be it further endfted by the authority aforesaid,'v- 3*

That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or

fons to feiee, take ana challenge to his or their own ufe and**/ withinJ behoof, and to the ufe of the King, his heirs and fucceffors, all three years. and all manner foch (heep, wool, wool-fells, mortlings, (hor-An>'F?r(on lings, yarn made of wool, wool-flocks, fullers earth and full-mg-clay, as he or they shall happen to fee, find, know or dif- frary to this cover to be laid aboard in any (hip or other veffel or boat, or a& with in-, to be brought, carried or Jaia on ihore, at or near the fea, or tent to be any navigable river or water, to the intent or purpofc to be ex-ported, tranfported or conveyed out of the kingdoms of Eti*~ have the land or Ireland, town of Berwick, ifles or dominion aforesaid, moiety tkere-contrary to the true meaning of this act, or to be packed or loaden upon any horfe, cart or other carriage, to the intent or purpose to be conveyed or carried into the kingdom of Scotland aforesaid; (2) and mat such person or persons as shall happen fo to fcize, take or challenge any such (heep, wool, wool-fells, mortlings, (horlings, yarn made of wool, wool-flocks, fullers-earth or fulling-clay as aforesaid, shall have the full moiety thereof to all intents and purposes.

VIII.	Provided always. That such person or persons as shall pP0v;fo such make any Mch feizure or challenge aforesaid to his or their own person shall ufe, shall not be admitted or rllowed to give in evidence upon not beevi-his or their oath or oaths against any person or persons which dence agninft shall happen to be indifted, accufed or queftioned by virtue ofthe offender, this a<ft, or any thing therein contained.

IX.	And furthermore, be it cnafted by the authority afore- Forfeiture of

laid. That all and every (hip, veffel, hulk, barge or boat of what	(hip	if th#

Kk 2	kindow«rbcaa

600

alien, or not inhabiting in England.

Provifo.

Inland,

Berwick*

Provifo.

Southampton,

Jerfty,Guem-

ley.

Anno duodecimo CakoLi II. c.32. (i6fc

kind (oever, whereof any alien-bom, or whereof any nation, born fubjedts not inhabiting within the realm of England, h, be owner or part-owner, and wherein any iheep, wool, wet-fells, mortlings, (horlings, yam made of wool, wool-feet fullers-earth or falling-clay, shall happen to be (hipped, peter laid aboard, contrary to the true meaning of this ad, shall \x forfeited to the King's majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs.

X.	Provided always, That this ad shall not extend to sin Iamb(kin ready drefled, and prepared fit and ufeful for fur at linings.

XL Provided also, That this aft shall not in any wile extern to the tranfporting, carrying or conveying away of any fad wool-fells or pelts, with such wool upon them, or to any b& fluffed with nocks, which shall be carried or imployed in ar. (hip or other veflel for neceflary ufe only, of and about the or-dinance or other thing in or concerning such (hip or vefiH,cr only for the neceflary ufe of any the persons in such fliipc: veflel pafling or being, and which shall not be fold or utrend in any foreign parts out of the kingdoms of England or Irelaxi, or town of Berwick, ifles or dominion aforesaid; (2) nor to the exporting, carrying or conveying of any wether-iherp, or of the wool growing upon any such wether-flieep, to he carried alive in any (hip or other veflel, for and towards the only neceflary food or diet of or for the company or paflengm, or other persons therein, and for and towards none other purpose.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to any faen wool to be exported or tranfported out of or from the port of Southampton, only unto the aforesaid ifles of Jerfey and Guernjn, by or for the only ufe or behoof of any the inhabitants of the said ifles of Jerfey and Guernfey, or eitner of them, or to any such wool to be (hipped or loaden aboard in any (hip or other veflel, by or for the only ufe or behoof of any the inhabitants of the said ifles of Jerfey or Guernfey, or either of them, in the port aforesaid, to be exported and tranfported into the said ides of Jerfey or Guernfey, or either of them; lb as such person and persons that shall fo (hip or lay aboard such wool into any (hip or other veflel, do. before the (hipping or laying aboard such wool, deliver unto the cuftomer, comptroller, ftirveyor or fearcher of the port of Southampton aforesaid (out of which the fame wool is to be exported) a writing; under the Teal or feds of the refpe&ive governors of the fame ifles of Jerfey and Gum-fey, unto which the said wool is to be tranfported, or of his or their deputy or deputies refpedtivcly, the which writing (hail purport and exprefs, that the party named in such writing is authorized and appointed to export or caufe to be expected out of the port aforesaid, fo much wool, exprefling the number of the tods, to the fame ifle, to be ufed or manufactured in one of the fame ifles, or in fome of the members or parts of the fame, and that such party fo authorized and appointed to export or caufe to be exported that wool, hath before the making and ,

fealing 1

k645c>'] Anno duodecimo CAROLl II. c.32.	5or

Resiling of that writing, entrcd into fufficient bond to his Ma-►efty’s ufe for thfc lan. ing of the laid wool.in that ifle. (2) And to the intent that the quantity of wool to be exported out of the port of Southampton aforesaid into the said ifles, or either of them, in any one year, accounting the year to begin from the first day of January next’ enfuing, and to yearly from the first day of January * may not exceed the quantity hereunder fpecified, that Enlar&d as is to fay, unto the ifle of Jerfey two thousand tods and no more to Jtrfa, &c. of unkembed wool, and unto Guernfey one thousand tods and A?' w.&M. no more of unkembed wool, and unto Alderney two hundred J-, **c# tods and no more of unkembed wool, and unto Sarke one Alderney,V hundred tods of unkembed wool and no more, every tod not Sarke. exceeding thirty-two pounds.

XIII.	And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the governor of the (aid ifte of jerfey, or his deputy for whom he will anfwer, shall not make to anv person or persons any writing or writings such as is above (pecified, to authorize and appoint such person or persons as aforesaid, to fetch, export or tranfport out of the port of Southampton aforesaid, unto the said ifle of Jerfey, in one year, accounting the year from the first day of January one thousand fix hundred and fixty aforesaid, any greater quantity of wool t;han two thousand tods in any one year; (2) and that the governor of the said ifle of Guernfey,. or his deputy for whom he will anfwer, shall not make to any person or persons any writing or writings, such as is above fpecified,-to authorize and appoint such person or persons as aforesaid to fetch, export or tranfport out of the port above fpecified,	,

i unto the said idea of Guernfey with Alderney and Sarke, in any one 1 year, accounting the year from the first day of January aforesaid,

1 any greater quantity of wool than one thousand tods for Guem*

! foy, two hundred tods for Alderney, and one hundred tods for r Sarke, in any one year$ (3) and that the cuftomer of the port i of Southampton aforesaid (nail keep a true account of all the laid quantity of wools fo by him permitted to be loaden by virtue of j this act, and shall not permit any greater quantity of wools to be loaden than by this aft is prelcribed in any one year, to either of the said iflands refpeftively, under any pretence what-foever, upon the penalty of the forfeiture of his place, and of the faro of one hundred pounds in money ; one moiety whereof to the King’s majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and the other moiety to him or them that will fue for the fame in any court of record, wherein no efloin, protection, or waeer of law shall be allowed. (4) And if any of the governors aforesaid, or any of their or either of their deputy or deputies of the said ides, or either of them, shall give, grant, or make any licence or licences for exporting from Southampton aforesaid, into the said ides refpeftively, of any greater quantity of such wool than is before by the true meaning of this aft limited and appointed in that behalf; that then the refpeftive governor or governors of fuch: of the (aid ifles shall forfeit and pay to the King’s majesty, his hfirs or fucceflbrs, the fum of twenty pounds of lawful money

<	KH 3	Qf

Anno duodecimo Ca&olz J.I. c.gg/	o.

of England, for every, tad of wool which (hail he 6> licenced to be exported, over and above }he rate. , or proportion of wool, in and by this a<£t, or the true meaning thereof, iimitador appointed.	,	...

XIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority afoseCaid, That the refpedtjve governors afordaid, or their rclpc&ivc deputies, or any their clerks, officers orfervants, for,tho, granting, making or fealing of every such writing -of tfccnce as is aforesaid, and for \he entring a remembrance of the fame into fome book, which they (han have and keep for that purppfe, may have and take the Turn of twelve pence, and no inore ; (2) upon jp^in of forfeiting to the party grieved the fum of five shillings for every peny which shall be taken over and 4hove the said fum of twelve pence, in and by this a& allowed* to be taken, and fo after that proportion; the said penalty, or forfeiture for the taking above twelve pence as aforesaid, to be recovered by bill, plaint or information, in any court of record at Wejlminjler, or elfewhere, wherein no injunction, protection, privilege, efloin or wager of law shall be admitted or allowed. Confirmed by 13 Car. 2 fiat. 1. c. 14.

CAP. XXXIII.

An all for confirmation of marriages.

• Marriagei' XXTHEREAS by virtue or colour of certain ordinancesr or certain fince the first YY pretended alts, or ordinances, divers marriages finer the be-•ot May, 1641. g\nning of the late troubles have been had and fokmmxedinfame other confirm . manner than hath been formerly ufed and accttftmed: (2) now for the preventing and avoiding of all doubts and queftions touching the fame, it is enaCted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, with the advice and aflent of the lords and commons in parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame. That all marriages had or folemnized in any of njs Majesty’s dominions fince the first day of May, in the year of our Lord, one thousand fix hundred forty and two, before any juftice of peace, or reputed juftice of peace of England, or Wales, ox other his Majesty’s dominions, and by such juftice, or reputed*juftice, fo - pronounced or declared; (3) and all marriages within any of his Majesty’s dominions, fince the fame first day of May, in the year of our Lord, one thousand fix hundred forty two, had or lolemnized according to the direction or true intent .of any ad or ordinance, or reputed aCt or ordinance of one or both houfos of parliament, or of any convention fitting at IVefiminfier, under the name, ftile or titld of a parliament, or affirming that name, ftile or title; (4) shall be, and shall be adjudged, efteem-ed and taken to be, and to have been of the fame, and no other force and effeCi, as if such marriages had been had and folemnized according to the rites and ceremonies eftablifhed, or ufed in the church or kingdom of England-, any law, custom or usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II.	And be it further enaCted, That where in any fuit commenced, or to be commenced in any of the courts of the common

Anno duodecimo Ca&oLI I!, c.34.	503

mon jjaw, any ifliut hath been joined, and not already tried or de- Muwupon tcrtnioed, or shall be joined upon the point of baftardy, or	O<of

unlawf>idn«& of marriage, for or concerning the marriages had ™ady*j«inec!, and (bkmni^ed, as aforeiaid, the fame illues shall be tried by or baftardy ’ jury or twelve men, according to the courfe of trial of other fc*!* betncd liTues triable by jury at the common law, and not otherwife; any tyw, statute or tiiage to the contrary thereof in any wife ft* t i,V%(, netwitbftapding-

CAP. XXXIV.

AnaSt for prohibiting the planting, fitting or /owing of tobacco in England or Ireland.

YOUR	Majefty's	loyal and obedient the lords and tom- Importance

nuns in this prefatl parliament	ajfeof the P1*®***'

groat unurn and importance it is. That tbo colonies and plantations ibis kingdom in America, be defended,	maintained, and

kept	up, and that all duo and poJRble encouragement be given untf

them5	and that not only in regard great and	dominions

and	countries have been thereby gained,and added to the imperial

crown of this realm, but for that the Jlrcngth and welfare of this kingdom do very much depend upon them, in regard of the employment of a very confiderable part of its Jbipping andTeamen, and the vent of very great quantities of its native commodities and and also of its fupply with several confiderable commodities which it was	wonUformerfyto have only from foreigners, and at far dearer

rates: (2) andforafmuch as tobacco is one of tbo main products of several of thofe plantations, and upon which their welfare and fsftente, and the navigation of this kingdom, and vent of its commodities thither, do much depend; and in regard it is found by experience, That the tobaccoes planted in tbefe parts art not fogood and wbolefom for the takers thereof; and that by the planting thereof, your	Majefty is deprivedef a confiderable part of your revenue arijmg

by cujloms upon imported tobauo; do moft humbly pray, that it . may-be enabled by your Majesty; (3) and it is hereby enacted by the King’s moft excellent majesty, and the lords and coor jnons in this present parliament ailembled,and by the authority of the. fame. That no perion or periods whatfoever shall or d<> from and after the first day of January in the year of our Lord No perion af-one thouiand fix hundred and (Ixty, fet, plant, improve to grow, i"nuarv i«6o, make or cure any tobacco, either in feed, plant or otherwife, jj,ali fet or ' in or upon any ground, earth, field, or place within the king- plant any to-dom at England» dominion of Wales, jilands of Guernfey or Jer- bacco. fey, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, or in the kingdom of Ireland, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all such tobacco, or 1 be penalty the value thereof, or of the fum of forty shillings for every rod lot-or pole of ground ib planted, fet or town as aforeiaid, and to proportionally for a greater or leifi? quantity of ground; one ‘	'

moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccellbrs, and the other moiety to him or them that shall file for the lame, to be recovered by bill, plaint or informatiqn in any court of record, wherein no eftbin, protection, or wager iq lavy shall be allowed,

',	KK	4................. II-	AM

504

All ftitriffs and other officer* may deft roy any tobacco planted -contrary to ihisaft.

The penalty of any person * refilling tbi#

^rovifo for private gardens.

Apoft-oAce erected and cftabliflied. The well or-dering of ppft age and letter* of great concernment to trade.

A letter-office

erefted in 4^>»don.

Anno duodcdmo CAAOLi H. c.35.	[1660.

II.	And it is hereby farther enadtfed, That all fterifi, ju-ffices of the peace, mayors, baibfft, coridables, and: every of them, upon information or complaint'raide unto them or any of them, by any the officers of the* cuftoms, or bymixjr other person or perfohs whatfoever, That there -fe "any tobacco 61, Town, planted, or growing withm their jarifdi&ioiis or preempts, contrary to this ad, shall withm ten-days after fttch information or complaint caufe to be burnt, plucked up, con-/umed, or utterly deftroyed, all fadi tobacco fb fet, fown, planted pr growing.

III.	And it is hereby further enacted, That in cafe any person or persons shall refill or make forcible oppofition against any person or persons in the due and through execution of this a<5t, that every such person or persons, far every such offence, lhail forfeit the fum of five pounds to be divided and recovered in manner aforesaid. (2) And in cafe any person or persons shall not pay the fums of money by them to be paid by virtue of this adt, That in every such cafe, diflrefs shall be made, and fale thereof, returning the overplus to the owners: and in cade no diflrefs be to be found. That then eveiy such party fhaH be committed to the common gaol in the county where such offence shall be committed, there to remain for the fpace of two months without bail or mainprize.

IV.	Provided always, and it is hereby enabled. That this adt, nor any thing therein contained, shall extend* to the hindring of the planting of tobacco in any phviick garden of either u-niveriity, or in any other private garden for phyfickor chirargery only, (o as the quantity fo planted exceed not one half of one pole in any one place or garden. 13 Car. 2. fat. 1. cap. 14. 5 Geo. 1. c. 1;./. 19.

CAP. XXXV.

An aft ereBtng and eftablijhtng a poft-offite.

WHEREAS for the maintenance of mutual correfpon-dencies, and prevention of many inconveniences happening by private pods, several publick pod-offices have been . heretofore eredted for carrying and recarrying of letters by pods, to, and from all parts and places within Enghnd\ Scotland and Inland, and several parts beyond the feas 5 the well ordering whereof is matter of a general concernment, and of great advantage, as well for prefervation of trade and commerce, as otherwiie: to the end therefore, that the fame may be managed fo that fpeedy and fafe difpatches may be had, which is mod likely to Ire effected, by erecting one general pod-office for that purpose;

II. Be It therefore  enacted by the King's mod excellent majefly, and the lords and commons in this prefept parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That there be from henceforth one general letter office eredted and edablifhed in feme convenient place withm the city of London* from whence all letters pr packets whatfoever may be with fjpeed and expedition fent

1660.] Anrio duodecimo CAroli II. c.3^	505

untQ any pdrtof the kingdoms of England, Scotland and Ireland, or any other of his Majesty*s dominions, or unto any kingdom or coontry beyond the seas : at which said office all returns andanfwers may be'Hfctewife'received ; (2) and that one matter A matter of of the (aid general letter office shall be from time to time ap-pointed by the King’s majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, to bet,y theking made or conftituted by letters patents, under the great feal of poft-mafter England, by the name and ftile of his Majesty’s poft-maftcr-general, general; (3) which said matter of the said office, and his deputy and deputies, by him thereunto fufficiently authorized, and his and their fervants and agents, and no other person or persons whatfoever, shall from time to time have the receiving, taking up, ordering, difpatching, fending poll or with fpeed, and delivering of all letters and pacquets whatfoever, which shall from time to time be font to and from all and every the parts and places of England, Scotland and Ireland, and other his Majesty’s dominions, and to and from all and every the kingdoms and countries beyond the feas, where he shall fettle or caufe to be fettled potts or running meflengers for that purpose; (4) except fetch letters as shall be fent by coaches, common known carriers of goods by carts, waggons or packhorfes and shall be carried along with their carts, waggons and packhorfes ref-pedlively; (5) and except letters of merchants and matters which mall be fent by any matters of any (hips, barques or other veflel or merchandize, or by any other person employed by them for the carriage of such letters aforesaid, according to the refpedrive directions; (6) and also except letters to be rent by any private friend or friends in their ways of journey or travel, or by any mefienger or meflengers fent on purpose, for or concerning the private affairs of any person or persons : (7) and allb except meflengers who carry ami recarry commifiions, or the return thereof, affidavits, writs, procefs or proceedings, or the returns thereof iffuing out of any court.

III.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. The poft-ma-That such poft-mafter general for the time being, as shall from ftw-general time to time be made and conftituted by his Majesty, his heirs ^

and fucceflors, and the refpe&ive deputies, or fubftitutes of horfes for such poft-mafter general, and no other person or persons what* riding poft. foever, shall prepare and provide horfes and furniture to let to hire unto all through-potts, and persons riding in poft by commiflion, or without, to and from all and every the parts and places of England, Scotland and Ireland, where any poll-roads are, or shall be fettled and eftablilhed.

IV.	And be it further  enacted by the authority aforesaid, Rates for car-That it shall and may be lawful to and for such poft-mafter lecurs, general to be conftituted and appointed as aforesaid, and his

deputy and deputies by brim thereunto fufficiently authorized, to demand, have, receive and take for the portage and con* veyance of all such letters which he shall fo Convey, cany or fend poft as aforesaid, and for the providing, and furhifning horfes for through-pods or persons riding in poft as aforesaid,

according

Anno daodecirp<*CAROx^ If* C.35.	[166a

according tpthe feveral. rates and (tuns of lawful	money

hereafter mentioned, not to exceed the fame (that is to by,) (2) for the port of every letter not exceeding one (heet, to or from any place pot exceeding fourfeore English miles diftant from the place where such letter shall be received,, two pence; (3) aid tor the. like port of every letter not exceeding two (hedts, four, pence ; (4) and for the like port of every pacquet of letters, proportionably unto the said rates ; (5) and for the like port of every pacquet of writs, deeds or other things, after the rate of .eight pence for every ounce weight ; (6) and for the port of every letter not exceeding one uteet, above the didance« fourfeore English miles from the place where the fame shall be (received, three-pence; (7) and far the like port of a letter, pot exceeding two (heets fix-pence j and proporrionably to the fame rates,, for the like port of all pacquets of letters, (8) and for the like port of every other pacquet of writs, deeds or other things, after the rate of twelve pence of English money for every ounce weight; (9) and for the port of every letter not exceeding one (heet, from London unto the town of , or from thence unto the city of London, three pence of English money, and for the like port pf every letter not exceeding two (heets, fix-pence ; and proportionably unto the fame rates, for •vary pacquet of letters, and for every other pacquet of greater bulk, one (hilling and fix pence for every ounce weight; (10) and for the port of such letters and pacquets as shall be conveyed pr carried from the town of Be into any pdace or places within forty English miles diftance from	,	or	any	other

place where such letter shall be received, two pence; and for I every letter not exceeding two (heets, four peace ; and pro-portionahly to the fame rates for every pacquet of letters, and for every other pacquet or parcel, eight pence for every ounce weight; (11) and for every letter not exceeding one meet, to be conveyed or carried a further difiance than forty	miles,

four pence 1 and for the like port of every pacquet of letters, eight pence $ and proportionably unto the fame rates for the like 1 port- of every pacquet of letters, and for the like port of every other pacquet,. one (hilling for every ounce weight; (12) and for the port of every letter not exceeding one (heet from Eng-fand,unto the city of Dublin in Ireland, or from the city of Dublin in Ireland unto	Englandfix pence qf money ;

and for the like port of every letter not exceeding two (heets, one (hilling, end proportionably to the fame rates for every pacquet of letters, and for the port of every other pacquet or any kind of greater bulk, two shillings for every ounce .weight; (13) and.for the port of such letters or pacquets as shall be conveyed or carried from the city of Dublin, unto any other place or places .within the kingdom of	or	from	any

other, place unto the bid city, or to, oy from aqy other place within tfre bid. kingdom, according to the rates and frms of English money hereafter following, viz. For every letter not exceeding one fo«et»_to or from any, pl|ce vyithin fprty English

5°7 J

x 660.] ^Annd dUDSiatfinltt CAm'cruil. c.‘g 5.

miles diftance from Dublin, or any other place where such letter shall be received-,' two pence > and for letter not exceeding two (heets, four pence'; and proportionately to the fame rates for event pacquet pf letters, and for every pdequet of greater bulk, eight pence for every ounce weight; (14) and for every letter not exceeding one (beet, tb be carried or conveyed a further diftance than forty EugHJbmiles, four pence; and fair the like port of every letter not exceeding two (heets, eight pence; and proportion&bly unto foe fame rates for the like port of eveir pacquet of letters, and for the like port of every- pacquetof greater bulk, one (hilling for every ounce weight; (15) and for all and every the letters, paoquets and parcels of goods that (hail be1 carrierror conveyed to or from any of his Map:fly's (aid dominions, or to or from any other parts or places beyond the feas, according to the several and refpedtive rates that now are, and have been taken for letters, pacquets, and- parcels fo conveyed, being rated either by the letter, pr by the ounce Weight, that is to fay,

(16) Morlaix,	,

Caen,	Newbaven, and places of

like diftance, port paid to Ream is for„ - - -	-	-	-

1 Single -(Double fTreble I Ounce «

(17) Hamburgh, Cohn, Frank* forty port paid to Antwerp is >

Single — Dpuble Treble-Ounce r

(18)	Venice, Geneva, Zegorn,~\ jjngfe-

Rome,	Naples, MeJJina, and all (Double-

other parts of Italy by way qf f Treble-—--

Venice,	franff pro Mantua - J0uace

.	1	*

(19)	MarceUhy Smirna9 Con~ single__—

JiantittopUy AleppOy and all parts (Double--—

of Turtyy port paid to fifar- fiqrs. of an ounce cellia ------- jOunce —----------------

.	Single	w—■ - v

(20) And for letters brought (Double—----—

from the kid places to England \ Treble ----

t	J	Ounce	■	■■	tv	-y

—- v»

— »J -XViii

XViii

d

-------- viii

■r-ii- xvi

—	xxir

....

& d

—	o--i*

—	i---vi

—	ii---Hi

—	ii —— viif

a . d

{21) And for the port of letters brought into England from

Calais, Diepiy BuUoigne^ Ab- ) 3^8]* "

";1U	A™'—,.	Saint	Omers,*?^]

“	*	J,	Ounce-

bevilUy Amiencty MantnU - •

, (jtf)

Single -f Double, ~ {TreWs J Ounce

(23) Genoya,

I

508

i

Anno duodecimo CaROLI II. c.35. fi66o.

(23) Geuovtr, .fowe, 7 &*»*[» -and other parts qf Italy* by > of Lyons, franfl pro Lyons - - ) &u n« •

an ounce «

8

-i-

-ii-

*ii •

(24) And of letters font ©otwards.

To BeurdimiXy Rochet, Abuts, single -___________—

Orleans, Byon, Tours, and place# / Doo bte•------

of like diftance, port- paid to f Treble-— Paris - ------------- -	- - JOunce—--------------

(25) And for letters brought J	”—*

" 11

from the feme places into Eng hud -	-	-	-	-	J	Ounce

’ 0 — ix ■*;—-»i ’ n*^iu -ii---0

d

1 •

o

,ii—-o

qrs. of an ounce —, ni---- 0

-hr-

(26) Alfo letters-fent outwards. To Netmbergb, Bremen, Dantf-l Single-

f Double ■

w/Vi, Lubeck, Lipfwick, and v- v---------

ther places of like diftance, poft \ cSnce^ paid to Hamburgh - - - - J

1 ounce

’ S

-i« -.ii--ifl.

— 0

-.0

(itf-Paris

	s	
		
				 FI
Ounce		—	«» ■ - ill  		ii - 0	

(28) Dunliri, Oftend, Ipre,-Courtrey,	Gbea	I

BridgesAntwerp* and all other I parts pf Flanders .- - - - J

■ (29)	Shits*	Hu/b-1

burg*	Amjlerdam* Rotterdam,	(

Delph*	Hague* and from all o- f

ther parts	ofMtllandsuxd Zealand J

Single -DpuWe Treble Ounce -

Single -Double Treble-Ounce •

Provifo for merchants.

VI. Provided Always, That all merchants accompts not exceeding one (heeftjfjmper, and all bills of exchange, invoys, and bills of lading, ;aa&£ and shall hereby be underftood to be allowed without rittl in the price of the letters, (2) and likewise the covers of letters not exceeding one 'fourth part of a (heet of paper fept to MarfeilUr9 Venice or Ltgom, to be lent forward to Turkey, shall 'be underftood to be allowed to pafs without rate or payment for the fame; (3) and according to the fame rates and proportions for the port of letters, pacquets and parcels to and from any of the parts or places beyond the Teas, where ports have not been heretofore fettled, ana may hereafter be fettled by the said poft-mafter general Fof the time being, his executors or afiigns: (4) and it (nail and may "be'laWfur, to and forfuch poft-mafter general, and his deputy and deputies, to a(k, demand; take and receive of etr'ery person that he or they shall farnifh and provide with hprfe^ famltiire and guide to ride port

1

i £T6<*.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 35.	509

in any of the poft-road* as aforesaid, three penpe of English money for each horfes bite or poftage for every English mile, and four pence for the guide for every ft age. (5) And whereas upon the arrival of lhipsfrom parts beyond the feasinto several ports within his Msyefty’s dominions, many letters direfted to several merchants and others, have been-detained .long, to the great damage of the merchants* in want of that fpeedy advice and intelligence, which they might have had if the fame had been forthwith dispatched by the fettled pofts \ and Sometimes such letters have been delivered by the mafter* or paf-fengers of such (hips to ignorant and loole hands, that upoer-ftand hot the way and means of fpeedy conveyance and delivery of letters, whereby great prejudice hath accrued ft the,affairs of merchants and others, as well by the mifearriage of many letters fo brought, as oftentimes by the opening ot the fame, tQ the difeovery of the. correfpondencies and fecrcts of the merchant :

VII.	Be it further enacted by the authority a/orefaid.
That all letters and pacquets that by any mafter of any fhip, pr veflel, or any of his company, or any paflengers. tnerein, shall or may be brought to .any port-town within hisfyfajefty’a dominions, or any of the members thereof, other then such letters as are before exeepted, or may be fent by common known carriers in manner aforesaid, or by a friend as aforesaid > shall by such mafter, paffenger, or other perfpp be forthwith, delivered unto the deputy or deputies oply for the said pqft-tpafter general for the time being, by him appointed for ,the said port town, and. by him or them to be fent poft unto the laid general poft-oftice, to be delivered according to the several and rclpeftive direftions for the fame.

VIII.	And be it further enacted by the aforesaid authority.
That no person or persons whatfoever, or body politick or. corporate other than iuch poft-mafter general as shall from time to time be nominated and appointed by his Majcfty, his heirs or fucceffors, and conftituted by letters patents, under the great feal of England as aforesaid, and his deputy and deputies or afT figns, (ball prefume to carry, recany, and deliver letters for hire, other then as before excepted, pr to fet up or employ any foot-poft, horfe-poft, coach-poft, or pacquet-boat whatfoever, for the conveying, carrying and recqrrying; of any letters or pacquets by fea or lana within his Majesty’s dominions, or (	'

fhall proviae and maintain horfes and furniture for the horfing

of any through-pofts, or persons riding in poft with a guide and horn as ufual for hire, (2) upon pain of forfeiting the fum of Penalties of five pounds of English money for every several offence againrt offending a-the tenor of this prefent a ft ; (3) and also for the forfeiture of grinft thu aft the fum of one hundred pounds of like English money for every week’s time that any offender against this act, shall imploy, maintain and continue any such foot-poft, horfe-poft, coach-poft or pacquet-boat as aforesaid : (4) which said several and refpeftive forfeitures shall and may be fued for, and recovered

' by

5 »o

Provifo where any poft-ma-fter doth not provide.

Provifo touching poft-ma-ften that do not fufficiently providehorfes, tec.

Provifo.

Provifoagainft carrying any pacquet out of England in an^ foreign

AftriO	f	1660.

by a&iortof fe&iotitof debt; phifttefr	M	of	his

M&f*fty*s courts Of record, whdreih ltotffoife^ privilege; pno-W&km or wager of few fralfbe admitted; ‘(5) and thefaid fe-Veral fertdrtfpedHVe forfeitures that shall happen from time to time ta bt reeoveted, foaUbe Ond remain, the * one moiety thereof to hisMajefty, and hi* heirs - and fecteficrs, and the other moiety thereof to foch pertbn or persons who shall or wffl inform against the offender or offender* against this prefont a (St, arid shall oV will foe for the said forfeitures upon the fame;

IX;' Frbvided always* Thdt if arty poft-mafter of any ref-pedtiVe place, doth ndt* or cannot formfh any person or per-IBrid* riding in pdft, with fofficient hotfeft Within the fpate of one half hour after demand. That then* filch person or perfom are hereby tinderftood to be left at liberty td provide themfeJves as corivenjeritly as they can ; and the persons who fhsdf furnifh fuchhorfe^ frail not therefore be liable unto any penalties and forfeitures contained in this aft.

X. Provided always. That if through1 default * or negle<ft of the poft^mafter general aforesaid, any person or perfon* riding in pdft shall fiti], as aforesaid, Of being fumifhed with a (ufficient ndffe of horfet, for his or their ufe, after demand as aforesaid; that hf every focH cafe, the said poft-mafter general (half forfeit the fom of five pounds fterling, the onto tftdfety to hte Majesty, hi? heirs and focceflbrs, and the other moiety to him or them who frail foe for . the fame in arty court of record, to be recovered by till, plaint or other irifonwatiori^ wherein no effoin, protection, or other wagpr in law frail be admitted.

XI. Provided always, and be it enhdted, Thai nothing herein contained foal! be uriderttood to prohibit the carrying ot recarrying of any letters or pacquets, to or from any town or place, to or from thd ntxt fefpeCfive poft-road, of ftage ap-fminted for that purpose ,* but that every person shall have free ibefty to fend- and impfoy such persons as they frail think fit, for to carry the said letters or packets as aforefeid, without any pehalty or forfeiture therefore* ariy thing contained in this a<5t to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always. That if the' pacquet or mail,-(hall be carried but of Engbnd, into any part beyond the feas in any (hip of veflel which is not rtf Englijb built, and navigated with Englijb Ctitritn, That in every such Cafe thfe said poft-nlafter general shall forfeit the fum of One hundred pounds fterling; the one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs ahfi fuccefforS, and fre other moiety to him or them, who shall foe for the feme in any court of record, to be recovered by bill, plaint, or other information, wherrirt no effoin, protection, or other wager of law frail be allowed.

XIII.	Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid. That no person or persons fhaH be capable of having, ufing, or exercifing the office of poft-mafter general, or any other imployment relating to the said office, unlefs he or they shall first take the oaths of allegiance and fopremacy, before any

1660.] Aooo dtodecitad GakGM^Ij * -	£11

two jufticfes o£ the pMce fcf the refpedHve- eofariti^s wherein o*rta of rf-

fuch perlbn ot persons ire or ‘(hell be refidfcrft^ Wfifch .fetid juftices are hereby authorised to- MriiiniRer the *o*tfo accordingly. Pr™*v*

XIV.	Ptovided also, ittd/be h Shafted by the authority aforesaid, Thar a letter or pAcquet pdftfliaH tWice cvery week eottieProvifo, by the wayof Truro 2nd renrin to the town of Marhtiew^ sdias Trur^^n* MarhaJion> in the county of (ktnwaH\ and once i weekter Ken-dal by the way of Lanc<tfkr\ and to die town of Penrith pcnrith, C«r-in Cumberland by the way of Newcajtk and Carlifle; and to the lifle, Grfchtby.' city of Lifkohfy and the borough of Grimfif 'ltt the county of Lincoln \ any thirig in- thfe aft contained to the contrary thereof m any wife notwrthftandiug,

XV.	Provided also, and be it enadled bf the authority aforefotd, That such poft-maftcr general to be from rime to rime Pftfeytfafltee ' appointed by his Majesty, -hifr heirs and fbcccflbrs as aforesaid, shall continue conftant ports for carriage of fetters *6- aH pbr-

ces, though they lie out of thd pbft-roads, as hath been ufed very omii&oo. for the ipaoeof three years lad part, at the rates herein bei fore mentioned, under pain rf forfeiture for every omiffien 1 five pounds, to be recovered by aCijo/i, fiiit or plaint, in any t his Majesty’s courts of record, the one tfioiety to the ufe of his f Majesty, the other moiety to the ufe of the Inforiner: (a) and I for the better management of the said port-office, and that the people of thefe kingdoms may have their intercourfe of commerce and trade the better maintained, and their letters and advices conveyed, carried and recarried with the greateft fpeed, fecurity, and convenience that may be;

XVI.	Be it further enacted, That the said post-mafter general so nominated, appointed and conftituted as aforesaid, and The pod* his deputies, shall from time to time obferve and follow such mailer, &c. to orders, rules, directions and inrtruCtions for and concerning the °Werve fuel* fettlement of convenient ports and ftages upon the several roads Maieftyfliall in England, Scotland and Ireland, and other his Majesty’s dotni- make/ nions, and the providing and keeping of a fufficient number of

horfes at the. said several rtage£,as.wtll tot the carrying, and conveying of the said letters and pacquets, as for the horfmg of all through-ports and persons riding in port: by warrant or o-therwife as aforesaid, as his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors,

(hall from time to time in that behalf make and ordain; and

that his Maiefty, his heirs and fuccertors, may grant the said Hi* Majefly

office of port-marter general, together with the powers and au- may grant the

thorities thereunto belonging, and the several rates of portage	^ car*/

above mentioned, and all profits, privileges, fees, perquifites^exceeding

and emoluments thereunto belonging, or to belong, either forti jean.

life or ferm of years, not exceeding one and twenty years, to such person or persons, and under luoh covenants, conditions and yearly rents to his said Majesty, his heirs and fuccertors, referved, as hjs said Majesty, his heirs and fuccertors shall from time to time think fit for the best advantage and benefit of the kingdom.

XVII.	Pro-

No bortes to beteized without content o( the owners.

Provifo for the rates of all Inland letters.

Confirmed by s} Car.x.c. 7. emdrepealed 9Axuc. io.

t

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. 036,37.	'	£1660.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it  enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person fliall have power to take, ufe, or feize any hortes for the iervice mentioned in this a&, without . the confent of the owners thereof; any ufege or pretence, or f any thing in this ad contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority aforesaid. That all inland letters, fent by any pacquet-poft efta-blillied by this suft as aforesaid, do and shall pay the rates and prices beforeorentioned, at such ftage where they are last delivered only, unlefs the party that delivers the letters defireth to pay elfewhere; any thing in this ail to the contrary notwithstanding. Provided always. That all letters, and other things, may be fent or conveyed to or from the two universities in manner as heretofore hath been ufed; any thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXVI.

Tbc mailer of the roll# for the time being is impowered to make lc*£e* for t. years in order to new build the old houses belonging to Cbe rolls.

23 Car. s. flat. i. c. 14.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for making the precinct of Covent Garden parochial.

The End of the Seventh Volume.

